CNN  -- Just in case you had any lingering illusions that politics deals with substantial issues , here 's the issue that last week filled our media chatter : Which is worse - to put a dog on the roof of a fast-moving car or to eat dog-meat as food ? As you probably know , the Romney campaign has been battered for months by a story about a family vacation in the 1980s . Mitt Romney , driving his family of five boys to summer vacation in Canada , had improvised a dog cage atop the family car . He wrapped the dog cage in plexiglass to form a windbreak . The idea did not work . The dog fouled its cage and later ran away . One of Romney 's sons laughingly repeated the story to a reporter years later , and ever since it has become Exhibit A in the case against Mitt Romney . Weary of this ridiculous line of attack , somebody on the Romney campaign dug out an extract from Barack Obama 's memoir , "  Dreams From My Father " , published in 1995 . In that book , Obama recalls that his Indonesian stepfather introduced him as a boy to the local cuisine , which included dog , snake and grasshoppers . This fact , in print for almost two decades , was dusted off last week as a new revelation in the Daily Caller website . Talk radio and conservative blogs seized on the theme . Twitter memes proliferated : #ObamaDogRecipes , #ObamaEatsDog , etc. . The line between journalism and gossip is always thin and poorly marked . When journalists cross that line , as they so often do , they invoke "  larger meanings " exposed by the titillating story of the moment . Thus , the "  larger meaning " supposedly exposed by the dog-on-the-roof story : Romney is a heartless technocrat , ready to conduct brutal experiments on unsuspecting people or beasts and who only laughs if the experiment does not go well for the subject/victim . And thus too the "  larger meaning " seen by partisans inside the Obama-eats-dog story : Obama is an alien , raised in alienation from basic American values , and protected by a complicit news media that refuses to report embarrassing facts about him - like dog-eating . As the scare quotes above suggest , I do n't buy either of these supposed "  larger meanings . " Romney 's biography shows many , many examples of decency , compassion , and human concern . Many are told in the outstanding biography by Michael Kranish and Scott Helman , including the most notable : In 1996 , the teenage daughter of one of Romney 's Bain Capital partners went missing after sneaking out to a rave party in New York City and ingesting the drug Ecstasy . Romney closed the firm and led every member in a search for the girl , finding and rescuing her . Likewise , you would n't think there 'd be much scope to doubt the Americanism of one who bets his presidency on a mission to kill Osama bin Laden face to face rather than by the less risky means of a drone strike . Anyway , a lot of 100 % Americans have eaten exotic foods . Teddy Roosevelt favorably compared the flesh of young bears to the taste of pork . My friend in the Special Forces boasts proudly : " ` Snake Eaters ' is a military slang term for Army Special Force  aka "  Green Berets "  , and YES we DO eat snakes . This is part of our survival training , although I have slayed and eaten snake in the field to supplement the rations , and because basically , snake tastes good . "  I have encountered snakes  and eaten them  throughout my career . I have eaten cobra in Thailand  and drank the blood mixed with Mekhong whiskey  , Eastern Diamondback in Mississippi and copperhead North Carolina . For what it 's worth , I prefer rattlesnake ; tastes like chicken . " Yet I think there actually is a "  larger meaning " inherent in these dog stories - just not the meanings that the partisans want us to see . The true larger meaning is that 2012 will be a contest between two candidates with weak grips on their base voters . The hard right suspects Romney values competence more than ideology . The Democratic left is unhappy that Barack Obama wo n't propose massive New Deal-style job creation and wealth redistribution . To corral unexcited base voters , both campaigns must rely less on positive messaging  what can they say ?  and much more on galvanizing dislike and antipathy of "  the other side . " The dueling dog stories do that job perfectly . Which is why you 'll keep hearing about them through the long weeks of electioneering ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Romney has been criticized over transporting his dog on car roof Now some are making an issue of President Obama eating dog meat as a child Frum says these ridiculous charges are a sign of the candidates ' weakness He says each side is trying to energize a disillusioned base
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A former South African rugby star who is charged with the murder of three people in Durban on Monday will undergo mental observation , police say . The man , who played for a top provincial team , the Blue Bulls , allegedly hacked his victims to death with an axe , decapitating one of them . Investigators say his fourth victim escaped and is helping them with their probe . Media reports claim the player went on a killing rampage after his daughter was raped and infected with HIV . Police , however , say his motive is still under investigation . The player was nabbed in the early hours of Wednesday morning on South Africa 's East Coast . Police allegedly found his bloodied murder weapon in a dog kennel at the home where the arrest took place . Bloodied clothes and a car linked to the crimes have also been found . Prosecutors have asked that his name not be released before he appears in a lineup . Five witnesses will be asked to identify him before his next court appearance on April 7 . "  Our fear is that if his name is released , someone might be able to get hold of his picture on the internet , publish it and then destroy the credibility of our eyewitnesses , who could be accused by the defense of having seen him in the media and not in person , " prosecutor Martin Mtambo told CNN . According to police , there have been over 100 serial killings in South Africa since 1936 , with the bulk of them in the mid-1990s . Since 1996 the South African police force has had a specialized unit dealing specifically with psychologically motivated crimes . This month the Johannesburg high courts handed down 16 life sentences to 42-year-old Jack Mogale , who was found guilty of a year-long murder spree that saw him rape 19 women and kill 16 . Lawyers for the former Blue Bulls player want the court to determine whether their client is fit to stand trial . The team is no stranger to controversy . One of its stars , Bees Roux , goes on trial for murder in August . He is accused of beating a policeman to death last year . Team manager Ian Schwartz , who is currently in New Zealand , has refused to comment on the latest case .	Police say three people were killed with an axe on Monday ; fourth victim escaped Authorities have charged a former rugby star but are not releasing his name Prosecutors do n't want to release suspect 's name before he appears in a lineup Media reports say the player attacked after his daughter was raped , infected with HIV
CNN  -- Forget lawn mowers . Maryland officials have found a natural way to combat brush while protecting a threatened species . Maryland officials wanted an eco-friendly solution that would n't hurt the area 's bog turtles . Forty bearded goats have been dispatched by the State Highway Administration to control plant growth in the area . They have been munching in an enclosed area for a week ; they will stay until September , but will be put back to work next spring . The project is part of Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley 's "  Smart , Green and Growing " legislative package , aimed at reducing the state 's greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 . The pilot program will be evaluated at the end of two years , and officials will determine whether to send goats to other grazing projects on state highways , according to David Buck , a spokesman for the highway administration . The goats are reducing the state 's carbon footprint and protecting the area 's bog turtles , listed as threatened . In addition , he said , the animals are much cheaper than a mowing program : State costs are about $ 10,000 for two years , most of that for delivery and veterinary services . But the decision to utilize goats was not an easy one . Other herbivorous  plant-eating  animals were considered . Cows were ruled out because they are too heavy , and their hooves could stomp the small , colorful-shelled bog turtles . Sheep ? Well , they just are n't goats . "  Goats were just a viable solution , " Buck said . "  They do not eat moving things . They will not crush -LSB- the turtles -RSB- out there . " Maryland is not the first to launch such an initiative . Officials in Hempstead , New York , bought natural grass cutters for a 50-acre park and preserve this year , said Mike Deery , town spokesman . The goats -- Sleepy , Sneezy , Bashful , Happy and Doc -- were named after dwarves in the fairy tale "  Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs . " In Vail , Colorado , officials have introduced 500 weed-eating goats in public areas after residents asked for an alternative to pesticides and chemicals . The initiative costs the town about $ 500 a day , the National League of Cities said . In Denver , signs touting "  Goats at Work " alert passers-by to the animals ' presence on vacant lots managed by the park system . The goats cost the city about $ 200 an acre , according to the National League of Cities . Environmental activists hail the measure , calling it innovative and worth implementing . "  Most times you can replace small engines that are sources of greenhouse gases with more natural systems , that 's a good thing , " said Bill Brower of GlobalGiving , a Washington nonprofit organization that describes itself as an online marketplace of grass-roots green projects .	Maryland uses 40 goats to "  mow " grass along highways Animals are reducing carbon footprint without hurting threatened turtles New York and Colorado also use goats to trim grass
CNN  -- Severe flooding in the Pacific island nation of Fiji has killed four people and left 800 people seeking shelter in evacuation centers , a government official said Monday . Tropical Cyclone Daphne has lashed Fiji 's largest and most populous island , Viti Levu , with strong winds and heavy rain . The Fiji Meteorological Service said Monday that it was maintaining its severe flood warning for "  all major rivers , streams and low lying areas " on the island . Sharon Smith Johns , the Fiji government 's information secretary , said she was touring the affected areas with the prime minister , Voreqe Bainimarama . She said some people had started to try to move back to their homes . The extreme weather has disrupted both internal and external travel . Authorities on Sunday suspended inbound flights to Nadi International Airport because nearby roads were flooded . The suspension was lifted Monday but remained subject to review . The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade advised its country 's citizens planning to fly into the airport "  to reconsider their need to travel . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Tropical Cyclone Daphne has deluged Fiji 's biggest island with rain The flooding has left 4 people dead and 800 in temporary shelters Travel in and out of the international airport has been disrupted
CNN  -- Eduardo Arellano-Felix , the last of four brothers who ran the drug cartel in Mexico known as the Arellano-Felix Organization , was sentenced Monday to 15 years in U.S. federal prison for his role as chief financial officer , the U.S. Department of Justice announced . CNN Photos : Ex-addicts find solace as caregivers Arellano-Felix , 56 , was sentenced after pleading guilty in May to charges of conspiracy to launder money and to use and invest illicit drug profits . A medical doctor known as "  El Doctor , " Arellano-Felix used drug-trafficking proceeds to pay members of the drug cartel to commit crimes , buy firearms , pay bribes and purchase drugs , according to the plea agreement . Read more : Mexico shifts drug war strategy Although Arellano-Felix was not directly involved with kidnapping and killings , he was "  still an integral part " and "  fully aware of the methods " of the cartel , U.S. District Judge Larry A. Burns said . Arellano-Felix "  advised his brothers as they orchestrated the importation of hundreds of tons of cocaine and marijuana into the United States , ordered the kidnap and murder of numerous people , and directed the widespread corruption of law enforcement and military personnel in Mexico , " according to a sentencing memorandum . Opinion : Horror wo n't end with cartel leader 's arrest In addition to the 15-year prison sentence , Arellano-Felix will forfeit $ 50 million , the department news release said . Two of Arellano-Felix 's brothers , Benjamin and Francisco Javier , are in U.S. prisons for racketeering , drug trafficking and money laundering . Ramon Arellano-Felix , whom the Justice Department described as the cartel 's enforcer , was killed in a shootout with police in 2002 , the statement said . Eduardo Arellano-Felix was arrested on October 25 , 2008 , after a gun battle with Mexican forces . Arellano-Felix was ordered extradited to the United States in 2010 but spent nearly two years on unsuccessful appeals of his case . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Eduardo Arellano-Felix is sentenced for money laundering and illicit drug profits He is one of four brothers who ran the Arellano-Felix drug cartel in Mexico Two of his brothers are in U.S. prisons ; the third was killed in a 2002 shootout with police
CNN  -- Imperfect though it is , journalism plays unique and essential roles in our society and in our democracy . Journalism serves the public and the public interest in important ways different from any other profession . I believe in journalism guided by sound ethical principles and built on competency , commitment and courage . I have a serious concern with news reporting  as distinguished from the opinion role of journalism  that is driven by ideological bias or activist intentions . My concern is with any and all forms of ideology from the left or from the right and with any argument that attempts to justify activism . My concerns are rooted in my strong belief in the ethical principle of independence that can and should guide the practice of serious , substantive journalism . I 'm not arguing for a false sense of "  objectivity . " Rather , independence is about commitment to professional duty that serves society rather than one 's own beliefs and self-interest . I have n't read Brent Bozell 's commentary , nor have I viewed the "  Right on the Edge " CNN documentary . Thus , my perspective is framed by my beliefs about journalism , what it does well and what it can do better . Journalists have an ethical and professional duty to pursue the truth about significant issues and events and to strive to report that elusive truth as accurately , fairly and fully as possible . Journalists gather and process a great deal of information and try to make sense of complex and often contentious issues . They report on the strengths and weaknesses of our economy , our government and our communities . They take us down the block and around the globe to give us an understanding of the good , the bad and the ugly happenings in our lives . Journalists take us to battlefields to tell us stories of horror and heroism , and they take us to classrooms to report on success , failure and hope . All this is aspirational , of course . Journalists , like all professionals , are inadequate at times . One gives his or her best effort recognizing there are many variables that prevent perfection . I do n't believe that ideological bias is the major problem that erodes quality and corrodes credible journalism . This is much more of a perception problem than a reality . It 's a false premise to suggest that most journalists come from an ideological position that reflects personal belief that creates biased reporting . To categorize journalists as liberal or conservative fails to recognize that many individuals -- including journalists -- have a range of views on issues that move along a spectrum . I know journalists who hold what we traditionally think of as liberal views on certain social issues who , at the same time , also hold what we traditionally think of as conservative views on economic issues . I know journalists who hold liberal views on some social issues -- favoring gay marriage , for instance -- while at the same time holding conservative views on other social issues -- expressing a strong pro-life position on abortion , for instance . I know journalists who personally hold contrasting liberal and conservative views on tax policy and health care reform . Most of the journalists I know can not be labeled as liberal or conservative , because they hold a range of views that are at different points on the ideological spectrum . How , for instance , would one categorize a journalist who holds the following beliefs : opposed U.S. military force in Iraq but favors it in Afghanistan , calls for a much stricter immigration policy with no amnesty , favors the ordination of women as Roman Catholic priests , opposes all forms of abortion , favors capital punishment ? Is that person liberal or conservative ? How can we accurately and fairly characterize journalists as conservative or liberal ? How then could we challenge the journalism they produce as driven by conservative or liberal bias ? Furthermore , if a reporter allows his or her personal beliefs to become bias that could undermine reporting , good news organizations have checks and balances that minimize any skewing . Therein lies my deep concern with the so-called "  guerilla journalists " who are attempting to right wrongs . Their starting premise is flawed by a distorted perception of the practice of journalism and by a false characterization of the beliefs of journalists . The "  guerilla journalism " mission is further undermined by their use of questionable -- often unethical -- methods to report stories . There are many weak points in the underbelly of American journalism . We need to attract the best and brightest to the profession . We need journalists who are smart , skilled , committed and courageous . We need journalists who reflect all aspects of diversity in our society , and , yes , that includes ideological diversity . Journalism has its flaws . Let 's improve the process and the product in the right ways , not by ideological activism . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Steele .	Ideological bias is not the major problem that erodes credible journalism , Steele says He says the problem is the false premise that most journalists have an ideological position CNN takes an unprecedented look at young conservative activist-journalists CNN 's "  Right On The Edge " airs this Saturday and Sunday at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. EST
Not so long ago , Costa Rica was a backpacker 's game . Other than a few business-class hotels in the capital of San José and a handful of isolated luxury properties scattered about the scenic hinterlands , travelers could expect little in the way of genuine comfort while exploring one of the most beautiful and eco-conscious countries on the planet . Over the past decade , however , Costa Rica 's fastest-growing crop has been a collection of opulent hotels and resort communities , complemented by marinas , golf courses , gourmet restaurants , hot springs and other world-class facilities . The tag attached to most deluxe properties is usually something like "  ecolodge " or "  ecoresort , " which may conjure visions of dreadlocks , granola and recycled hemp-fiber sheets . Do n't be fooled . Yes , most of the country 's destinations are green ; Costa Rica 's Sustainable Tourism Program rewards environmentally friendly properties with one to five "  leaves " and copious free publicity . But Costa Rica 's new upscale properties are as elegant and comfortable as any in Latin America . Here are the best regions and stays for putting a little service and Chardonnay into your sand and scenery . Gulf of Papagayo Costa Rica 's posh spot is Papagayo , a sparkling strand of beaches in the northwestern Guanacaste Province . Once better known for sabaneros  cowboys  and fine horses , Papagayo Peninsula has been developed into Central America 's premier luxury destination . It even has its own international airport  LIR  just minutes away in the regional capital of Liberia . Lavish rental properties , excellent restaurants and bellowing howler monkeys might convince you to stay put for your entire vacation . But it 's worth leaving the luxury  and wildlife  to see some of the region 's outstanding national parks and festive beach communities . Accommodations are led by the exquisite Four Seasons Papagayo , the top pick in a scenic region that boasts Costa Rica 's best resorts , golf courses , spas and white-sand beaches . 5 reasons to visit Easter Island Manuel Antonio Rolling jungle hills surround tiny Manuel Antonio National Park , considered Costa Rica 's most beautiful , as well as its original upscale destination . It 's also one of the most wildlife-rich regions in the world , which means you 're certain to spot several species of monkeys , sloths and tropical birds , among other animals . Excellent restaurants , sparkling nightlife , art galleries and an array of adventure tour operators make it a honeymooner 's choice . When traveling in high season  December through February  , make reservations well in advance , and be prepared for crowds . Among numerous upscale hotel choices , the prestigious Arenas Del Mar Beachfront & Rainforest Resort has received the Costa Rica Tourist Ministry 's Five Sustainability Leaf Award along with its top Five Star Award for luxury and comfort . Within walking distance of the national park , the gorgeously landscaped property is an attraction in its own right . Arenal Until 2011 , Arenal Volcano was Costa Rica 's most active volcano . Alas , for area entrepreneurs , the lava flows that graced so many tourism brochures have mellowed to mere puffs of smoke . On the upside , you can now get excellent deals on the region 's dozen or so five-star properties , the best of which are known for their spectacular hot springs . The gold standard is Tabacón Grand Spa and Thermal Resort , with world-class rooms and restaurants , as well as a river of steaming natural water , which feeds extravagant gardens and spas . A close runner-up is the Springs . It features a dozen cascading pools and whimsically decorated rooms . No matter where you stay , virtually all area hotels will arrange day trips to the many hot springs pouring from Arenal 's slopes , a must while you 're in Costa Rica . Santa Teresa On the tip of Nicoya Peninsula , the wide white-sand beaches of Santa Teresa have become a playground for celebrities , jet-setters and vanguard surfers . You 'll need to take a ferry or small plane to the isolated spot  often voted Central America 's most beautiful beach  , where an array of luxury boutique hotels and condo rentals await . The fabulous oceanfront Florblanca and Latitude 10 are full-service resorts that wo n't disappoint . Tamarindo Costa Rica 's most famous beach town is growing up , its scruffy surf shacks and beach bars now complemented with excellent restaurants and attractive accommodations . Despite complaints that paving the roads and erecting high rises have compromised Tamarindo 's authentic local flavor , the surfing is still awesome , and the neighboring beaches of Las Baulas National Marine Park , known for nesting sea turtles , have remained pristine . Tamarindo 's top-end options are well-established , such as the sprawling The Westin Resort & Spa Playa Conchal and plush rental properties at Reserva Conchal . But there are other interesting options , including the romantic Los Altos de Eros , which gets high marks for its attentive staff , and the golf resort at nearby Hacienda Pinilla resort , which sits astride three miles of superb shoreline . The cloud forests An escape from lowland heat and humidity , Costa Rica 's mountains and volcanoes are topped with misty cloud forests , where temperatures hover between 12 and 20 C  53 to 68 F  year-round and visitors will find a number of outstanding mountain lodges . Some travelers may want to skip Monteverde , Costa Rica 's most famous cloud forest  aka "  crowd forest "  . Lodges such as Villa Blanca Cloud Forest Hotel and El Silencio Lodge and Spa offer access to quieter , private wildlife reserves . Others such as Finca Rosa Blanca and Xandari Alajuela are located on coffee plantations and have beautiful trails good for wildlife viewing . The imaginative Peace Lodge , La Paz Waterfall Gardens is a unique spot with lots of wildlife to watch from gorgeous jungle positions . Los Sueños An hour from San José and the country 's international airport , Los Sueños Resort and Marina is Costa Rica 's best value for luxury digs . Anchored by the graceful Los Sueños Marriott , surrounded by scores of extravagant rental properties , an adorable marina area and one of the country 's best golf courses , Los Sueños offers almost everything you 'd want from a tropical vacation , albeit without the hassle of actually seeing Costa Rica . By "  almost everything , " it 's worth mentioning that there 's no real beach , hence the spectacular collection of swimming pools . 7 luxury vacations in Mexico	Costa Rica 's luxury offerings are among the best in Latin America The options include beach and forest stays Famed beach town Tamarindo has sharpened up for the luxury seeker
CNN  -- Heikki Kovalainen is returning to Formula One to help the team that fired him . The experienced Finnish driver is taking on a new technical development role at Caterham to help them understand why they have fallen behind their back-of-the-grid rivals Marussia . Kovalainen will return to the cockpit in first practice for the next two grands prix in Bahrain and Spain . "  It 's great news that I 'll be on track , " the 31-year-old said . "  I 'm really looking forward to getting back to work and helping the team as much as I can . "  I 'll be taking part in the two sessions to give the team my input on the new parts we 're bringing to those races , and I 'll be working closely with the race drivers and the engineers on track to help everyone get the most out of the new package . "  I 'm physically ready to get back into the car and I know my experience can help give the team new ideas and options for directions to take on setup and strategy . " Kovalainen made his F1 debut in 2007 and went on to win his first race in Hungary as a McLaren driver the following year before moving to Caterham -- then called Lotus -- when they joined the grid in 2010 . But the Kovalainen lost his seat at CNN-sponsored Caterham in 2013 because he was not a "  pay driver " -- which meant he did not bring any money to the team . Caterham hired Frenchman Charles Pic from Russian rivals Marussia and Dutch rookie Giedo van der Garde for this season , but have fallen to 11th out of 11 teams in the constructors ' championship , behind Marussia , after the first three races . The Circuit : CNN 's F1 interactive It is important to finish inside the top 10 because that entitles teams to a greater share of the sport 's revenue and prize money . Caterham bosses hope new developments on their 2013 car will help them catch up on the Marussia and close the gap on the midfield runners . But team principal Cyril Abiteboul says that task relies on using the experience of Kovalainen , who had been with the team since they first turned a wheel . "  Heikki has six years of F1 experience behind him so he is perfectly placed to provide us objective feedback on the various types of configurations we will run and to give us an objective view of the 2013 tires against his experience with the 2012 compounds , " Abiteboul explained . "  Having invested in Heikki for our first three years of competition it would be a waste not to leverage the valuable expertise he brings . "  As F1 is a team sport , he will also provide support to Charles and Giedo , who are both doing a good job in their first months with the team . " The restructuring of Caterham 's line-up means Ma Qing Huang -- who made history when he became the first Chinese racer to drive in front of his home crowd during practice at the last race in Shanghai -- loses his role as the team 's reserve as well as his place in Caterham 's GP2 team . The 25-year-old will stay on Catherham 's driver roster , but his role has yet to be announced . U.S. driver Alexander Rossi will remain the second team reserve , but will take over Ma 's seat in the GP2 championship -- which is the official feeder F1 series for the next generation of drivers . Kovalainen 's return to F1 coincides with discussions between tire supplier Pirelli and the sport 's chief Bernie Ecclestone about the possibility of running young drivers on a new tire compound in first practice to give them vital experience in F1 . There are five drivers -- Max Chilton and Jules Bianchi of Marussia , Sauber 's Esteban Gutierrez , Valtteri Bottas of Williams and Van der Garde of Caterham -- who joined F1 in 2013 with limited experience of driving an F1 car .	Heikki Kovalainen to return to Caterham after losing seat with the team in 2013 Finnish racer will drive for Caterham in first practice in Bahrain and Barcelona Caterham want his help in understanding 2013 car and tire behavior U.S. racer Alexander Rossi takes over Caterham GP2 drive from China 's Ma Qing Hua
Germany 's interior minister says his country 's confidence in the United States is shaken , amid claims the U.S. National Security Agency monitored Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone . "  If the Americans intercepted cell phones in Germany , they broke German law on German soil , " Interior Minister Hans-Peter Friedrich told the Bild am Sonntag newspaper , adding that he wants "  complete information on all accusations . " "  The confidence in our ally ,  the  USA , is shaken , " Friedrich said , according to Bild am Sonntag . Obama promises changes Citing an unnamed intelligence officer , the German newspaper also reported Sunday that U.S. President Barack Obama learned about the NSA operation targeting Merkel from agency chief Gen. Keith Alexander in 2010 and allowed it to continue -- a claim the NSA denied . "  Gen. Alexander did not discuss with President Obama in 2010 an alleged foreign intelligence operation involving German Chancellor Merkel , nor has he ever discussed alleged operations involving Chancellor Merkel , " NSA spokeswoman Vanee ' Vines told CNN . German magazine Der Spiegel , meanwhile , reported that Obama told Merkel he would have stopped it from happening , if he had known about it . Such reassurances appear to have done little to quell outrage from German officials over the alleged espionage , which was reported last week by Der Spiegel . Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims The magazine 's report , which cites a secret U.S. intelligence file , claimed Merkel 's phone had been monitored for more than 10 years , stretching back before her current post . It 's the latest in a series of spying allegations that have challenged relations between the two long-time allies . The same database indicated the United States was spying on many others in Berlin 's political district , at least up to the time when Obama visited Berlin this year , Der Spiegel reported . Now Germany is sending a group of senior intelligence officials to Washington to discuss the reports , the government 's press office said last week . Asked about these claims , U.S. National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said her agency does not "  comment publicly on every specific intelligence activity . " "  And , as a matter of policy , we have made clear that the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations , " said Hayden , echoing comments she and others have made in recent days . Still , it remains to be seen if citizens and leaders in Europe will accept such explanations -- and whether recent efforts by the Obama administration to address their concerns will be successful . Merkel : Relations with U.S. ` severely shaken ' over spying claims	The NSA denies claim that Obama was briefed on Merkel operation Interior minister : "  The confidence in our ally ,  the  USA , is shaken " German intelligence officials will visit Washington , officials say Der Spiegel : U.S. spied on Merkel for more than 10 years , at least until June
Luis Suarez could be the last big-money signing top European club Barcelona makes for quite some time . The Spanish football club has seen its appeal against a ban on buying new players rejected by the sport 's global governing body FIFA . Barca plans to appeal the sanction , which prohibits the club from signing any new players until January 2016 , at the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS . The punishment was meted out in April , when FIFA ruled Barca had breached rules relating to the transfers of players under the age of 18 . "  Barcelona announces that it shall continue defending its interests before the highest sporting authority , in this case the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  , " read a statement from the club . "  Barcelona may not in any way share a resolution that is an affront to the spirit of our Masia  its youth academy ,  a world renowned example of academic , human and sporting education . " Barca was allowed to sign players during the current transfer window , which closes on September 1 , after FIFA suspended the ban while the appeal was in progress . The Catalan team spent a reported $ 128.5 million to sign Uruguay international Suarez from Liverpool . The striker is currently serving a ban for biting Italy 's Giorgio Chiellini while playing for Uruguay at the World Cup . Belgian defender Thomas Vermaelen was brought in from Arsenal for a fee of euros $ 25m while French defender Jeremy Mathieu and Chilean goalkeeper Claudio Bravo were signed from Valencia and Real Sociedad respectively . Croatian midfielder Ivan Rakitic from Sevilla joined Barca for a fee of $ 23.9 m with the club also paying $ 3m to Dinamo Zagreb for Alen Halilovic .	FIFA rejects Barcelona 's appeal against a transfer ban The Catalan club will be unable to sign new players until January 2016 The ban was meted out after FIFA ruled Barca had breached rules relating to youth players Barca intends to appeal the ban at the Court of Arbitration for Sport
CNN  -- New York restaurants can continue selling large sugary drinks after an appeals court sided Tuesday with a lower court ruling that found the city 's restrictions on such beverages to be "  arbitrary and capricious . " The Supreme Court 's Appellate Division found that the city 's Board of Health "  failed to act within the bounds of its lawfully delegated authority " when it moved to ban sugary drinks of more than 16 ounces in New York City restaurants , movie theaters , and other food service establishments . New York appeals soda-cup decision The court declared the regulation to be a violation of the principle of separation of powers doctrine . The doctrine establishes the boundaries between the legislature and an administrative agency . Since legislative power rests in the legislature , according to the appellate decision , the board members can not engage in broad-based public policy determinations and "  can not exercise sweeping power to create whatever rule they deem necessary . " The 11-member Board of Health is empowered to modify the health code only with "  respect to all matters to which the power and authority of New York City Department of Mental Health and Hygiene extend , " the appellate court said . This includes Article 81 of the health code , which sets forth rules regulating "  food service establishments . " Sugary drinks linked to 180,000 deaths worldwide Mayor Michael Bloomberg firmly disagreed . "  Today 's decision is a temporary setback , and we plan to appeal this decision as we continue the fight against the obesity epidemic , " he said . On the other hand , the American Beverage Association welcomed the ruling . "  We are pleased that the lower court 's decision was upheld , " said Christopher Gindlesperger , senior director of public affairs at the American Beverage Association . "  With this ruling behind us , we look forward to collaborating with city leaders on solutions that will have a meaningful and lasting impact on the people of New York City . " Read more : 5 ways to drop your soda habit	The city 's Board of Health does not have the authority to ban giant sodas , the court says Mayor Michael Bloomberg : "  Today 's decision is a temporary setback " The American Beverage Association welcomes the ruling
CNN  "  I have nothing to offer but blood , toil , tears and sweat , " Winston Churchill once told the British House of Commons . A UK auction house is taking the former prime minister 's words literally . Duke 's auction house has announced it will auction a vial of Churchill 's blood , taken during a hospital stay in 1962 , three years before his death . Churchill had fallen out of bed and fractured a hip , necessitating a multiweek stay at Middlesex Hospital . The blood was drawn by nursing student Patricia Fitzgibbon , according to the auction house . The sample was never used and the hospital was set to dispose of it when Fitzgibbon asked to keep it . Before her death , Fitzgibbon gave the vial to a friend , who has decided to sell it . "  This is probably the first time that such a personal piece of Churchill 's history has been offered on the open market , " Duke 's said . "  This year marks the 50th anniversary of Churchill 's death -- the blood is a poignant reminder of an injury which marked the beginning of the end for Churchill , and as such we expect there to be great interest in it . " Churchill died in 1965 at age 90 . The iconic British leader is best known for his leadership of Britain during World War II . The blood will go up for auction on March 12 in Dorchester , England , along with a signed declaration from Fitzgibbon attesting to its origins . CNN 's Sam Stringer contributed to this report .	Blood reportedly taken from the former British prime minister will be auctioned on March 12 Duke 's auction house says the blood was taken during a hospital stay in 1962 Nurse drew the blood and kept it after the hospital was going to dispose of it
CNN  -- Normally , its viewers do n't associate "  Eurovision " with global politics . The annual singing show is a camp retread of the cultural wasteland of the 1970s -- all crashing ballads , gaudy europop and singing penguins . Britain has signaled its contempt for the contest by sending 76-year-old Engelbert Humperdinck as its representative , a man once regarded as a stud but who now looks eerily like one of those Mexican mummies . The crooner was born two decades before Eurovision even started , and it 's touch and go whether he 'll survive the weekend . However , this year the contest , which holds its finals Saturday , has taken on an unexpected degree of controversy . It is being held in the oil-rich tyranny of Azerbaijan , and while contestants were warming up their acts this week , pro-democracy demonstrators were getting beaten in the streets of Baku . The annual singing contest draws an audience of 125 million across Europe , so the dictatorial regime of Ilham Aliyev had hoped to use it as an opportunity to sell his country to the world . Instead it has been a public relations disaster . Explainer : What is Eurovision ? Arguably , the outrages in Azerbaijan have exposed a hidden dimension of Eurovision . It is and always has been a very political event . That 's more obvious this year than most because the politics of Europe are so blatantly and unavoidably polarized . The most obvious problem is one of definition . What on Earth , you might ask , is a central Asian country like Azerbaijan doing in a contest called Eurovision ? Nothing about contemporary Azerbaijan marks it out as distinctly European -- it 's Islamic , undemocratic and many , many miles away from the continent . It 's in the contest by an accident of history : Azerbaijan used to be part of the Soviet Union . Its leaders desperately wish to claim some European identity because they want to participate in capital and labor markets -- something that should , theoretically , encourage democracy . But Ilham Aliyev also wants to retain the integrity of a classic Asian despotism . As the European Union engages farther eastward , through Turkey , it has to deal with nations and cultures like these that do n't precisely fit its Western , liberal template . There are plenty of divides within continental Europe itself . Voting has always been political . Britain 's 1997 victory was widely interpreted as a "  thumbs up " for having elected the popular liberal leader , Tony Blair ; its defeat in 2003 was punishment for the Iraq War . Likewise , Eurovision has traditionally operated a buddy system . Nordic countries often vote for each other and Cyprus typically favors Greece . In a way , that 's a good thing , because it means that no matter how awful an entry is , someone is duty bound to vote for it . Britain has been bailed out by faithful little Malta several times . But the end of the Cold War dramatically enhanced the role of politics and favoritism in voting . For many of the new , Eastern participants -- particularly in the war-torn Balkans -- Eurovision became an extension of diplomacy , used to cement alliances with Russia or make amends with former enemies . Songs about regional reconciliation were touching when they debuted in the early 1990s . But now they elicit groans from West European voters because they are interpreted as a plea for geographic solidarity . The results support the contention that this has become an Eastern group hug . From 2001 to 2011 , seven out of 11 winners have been Eastern , with a strong preference for the former Soviet bloc  the pattern is just as pronounced in the junior contest  . Such is the frustration of Western countries that many of them have opted to send novelty acts . Sometimes that accidentally works  Finland 's Hard Rock Hallelujah was surely a joke , yet it came in first in 2006  , but it often means the folks back home end up humiliated . Britain 's longstanding Eurovision presenter , Terry Wogan , quit the show in disgust after the UK 's entrant , who was black , received only 14 points in 2008 . Blaming the result on East European racial prejudice , Wogan observed that a contest invented in the 1950s to forge a sense of unity in the Cold War era has actually become a symbol of how polarized the new Europe is . And how poor , too . Spain 's entrant , Pastora Soler , has admitted that it would be better if she did n't win on Saturday because she was n't sure that her country could afford to host the contest . Struggling with soaring debt and unemployment , this former economic miracle is now a pauper state . Directors from Spain 's broadcaster , TVE , sent a message to Soler that read , "  Please , do n't win ! " Never has a sadder truth been spoken in jest . Eurovision was probably at its most hopeful and exciting in the early 1990s , when Europe was emerging from the nightmare of the Cold War and it had fantasies of a prosperous , democratic , unified future . But Azerbaijan in 2012 offers a very different vision . Modern Europe is struggling to integrate countries that have little cultural affinity for it , it is divided by regional loyalties and it is still a long , long way from recovering from the Credit Crunch . The European dream has ended ; the fat lady stopped singing years ago . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : Eurovision is campy , unserious and this year has taken on more controversy He says host Azerbaijan has squelched pro-democracy protests , made bad PR He says Azerbaijan not even in Europe , contest marred by politics , skews to Eastern bloc Stanley : Contest also reflects polarization of Europe
CNN  -- Michael Jackson , the show-stopping singer whose best-selling albums -- including "  Off the Wall , " "  Thriller " and "  Bad " -- and electrifying stage presence made him one of the most popular artists of all time , died Thursday , CNN has confirmed . Michael Jackson , shown in 2008 , was one of the biggest pop stars in history . He was 50 . He collapsed at his residence in the Holmby Hills section of Los Angeles , California , about noon Pacific time , suffering cardiac arrest , according to brother Randy Jackson . He died at UCLA Medical Center . Lt. Fred Corral of the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office said an autopsy would probably be done on the singer Friday , with results expected that afternoon . Watch crowds gather at Jackson 's hospital " "  Michael Jackson made culture accept a person of color , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said . "  To say an ` icon ' would only give these young people in Harlem a fraction of what he was . He was a historic figure that people will measure music and the industry by . " Jackson 's blazing rise to stardom -- and later fall from grace -- is among the most startling of show business tales . The son of a steelworker , he rose to fame as the lead singer of the Jackson 5 , a band he formed with his brothers in the late 1960s . By the late '70s , as a solo artist , he was topping the charts with cuts from "  Off the Wall , " including "  Rock With You " and "  Do n't Stop 'Til You Get Enough . " Watch Jackson perform at a 1988 concert " In 1982 , he released "  Thriller , " an album that eventually produced seven hit singles . An appearance the next year on a Motown Records 25th-anniversary special cemented his status as the biggest star in the country . Timeline : The life of Michael Jackson " For the rest of the 1980s , they came no bigger . "  Thriller 's " follow-up , 1987 's "  Bad , " sold almost as many copies . A new Jackson album -- a new Jackson appearance -- was a pop culture event . iReport : Share your memories of Michael Jackson The pop music landscape was changing , however , opening up for rap , hip-hop and what came to be called "  alternative " -- and Jackson was seen as out of step . His next release , 1991 's "  Dangerous , " debuted at No. 1 but "  only " produced one top-ranking single -- "  Black or White " -- and that song earned criticism for its inexplicably violent ending , in which Jackson was seen smashing car windows and clutching his crotch . And then "  Dangerous " was knocked out of its No. 1 spot on the album charts by Nirvana 's "  Nevermind , " an occurrence noted for its symbolism by rock critics . After that , more attention was paid to Jackson 's private life than his music career , which faltered . A 1995 two-CD greatest hits , "  HIStory , " sold relatively poorly , given the huge expense of Jackson 's recording contract : about 7 million copies , according to Recording Industry of America certifications . A 2001 album of new material , "  Invincible , " did even worse . In 2005 , he went to trial on child-molestation charges . He was acquitted . In July 2008 , after three years away from the spotlight , Jackson announced a series of concerts at London 's O2 Arena as his "  curtain call . " Some of the shows , initially scheduled to begin in July , were eventually postponed until 2010 . Watch the reaction to Jackson 's passing Rise to stardom Michael Jackson was born August 29 , 1958 , to Joe Jackson , a Gary , Indiana , steelworker , and his wife , Katherine . By the time he was 6 , he had joined his brothers in a musical group organized by his father , and by the time he was 10 , the group -- the Jackson 5 -- had been signed to Motown . Watch Michael Jackson 's life in video He made his first television appearance at age 11 . Jackson , a natural performer , soon became the group 's front man . Music critic Langdon Winner , reviewing the group 's first album , "  Diana Ross Presents the Jackson 5 , " for Rolling Stone , praised Michael 's versatile singing and added , "  Who is this ` Diana Ross , ' anyway ? " The group 's first four singles -- "  I Want You Back , " "  ABC , " "  The Love You Save " and "  I 'll Be There " -- went to No. 1 on the Billboard pop chart , the first time any group had pulled off that feat . There was even a Jackson 5 cartoon series on ABC . Watch reaction from Motown Studios " In 1972 , he hit No. 1 as a solo artist with the song "  Ben . " The group 's popularity waned as the '70s continued , and Michael eventually went solo full time . He played the Scarecrow in the 1978 movie version of "  The Wiz , " and released the album "  Off the Wall " in 1979 . Its success paved the way for "  Thriller , " which eventually became the best-selling album in history , with 50 million copies sold worldwide . At that point , Michael Jackson became ubiquitous . Seven of "  Thriller 's " nine cuts were released as singles ; all made the Top Ten . The then-new cable channel MTV , criticized for its almost exclusively white playlist , finally started playing Jackson 's videos . They aired incessantly , including a 14-minute minimovie of the title cut .  "  Weird Al " Yankovic cemented his own stardom by lampooning Jackson 's song "  Beat It " with a letter-perfect parody video . On the Motown Records ' 25th-anniversary special -- a May 1983 TV extravaganza with notable turns by the Temptations , the Four Tops and Smokey Robinson -- it was Michael Jackson who stopped the show . Already he was the most popular musician in America , riding high with "  Thriller . " But something about his electrifying performance of "  Billie Jean , " complete with the patented backward dance moves , boosted his stardom to a new level . Watch Jackson perform "  Thiller " " People copied his Jheri-curled hair and single-gloved , zippered-jacket look . Showbiz veterans such as Fred Astaire praised his chops . He posed for photos with Ronald and Nancy Reagan at the White House . Paul McCartney teamed with him on three duets , two of which -- "  The Girl Is Mine " and "  Say Say Say " -- became top five hits . Jackson became a Pepsi spokesman , and when his hair caught fire while making a commercial , it was worldwide news . It all happened very fast -- within a couple years of the Motown special . But even at the time of the "  Motown 25 " moonwalk , fame was old hat to Michael Jackson . He had n't even turned 25 himself , but he 'd been a star for more than half his life . He was given the nickname the "  King of Pop " -- a spin on Elvis Presley 's status as "  the King of Rock 'n' Roll " -- and few questioned the moniker . Relentless attention But , as the showbiz saying has it , when you 're on top of the world , there 's nowhere to go but down . The relentless attention given Jackson started focusing as much on his eccentricities -- some real , some rumored -- as his music . As the Web site Allmusic.com notes , he was rumored to sleep in a hyperbaric chamber and to have purchased the bones of John Merrick , the "  Elephant Man . "  Neither was true .  He did have a pet chimpanzee , Bubbles ; underwent a series of increasingly drastic plastic surgeries ; established an estate , Neverland , filled with zoo animals and amusement park rides ; and managed to purchase the Beatles catalog from under Paul McCartney 's nose , which displeased the ex-Beatle immensely . In 1990s and 2000s , Jackson found himself pasted across the media for his short-lived marriages , the first to Elvis Presley 's daughter , Lisa Marie ; his 2002 claim that then Sony Records head Tommy Mottola was racist ; his behavior and statements during a 2003 interview with British journalist Martin Bashir done for a documentary called "  Living With Michael Jackson ; " his changing physical appearance ; and , above all , the accusations that he sexually molested young boys at Neverland . Watch report on legacy on Michael Jackson " The first such accusation , in 1993 , resulted in a settlement to the 13-year-old accuser  rumored to be as high as $ 20 million  , though no criminal charges were filed , Allmusic.com notes . He also fell deeply in debt and was forced to sell some of his assets . Neverland was one of many holdings that went on the block . However , an auction of material from Neverland , scheduled for April , was called off and all items returned to Jackson . Interest in Jackson never faded , however , even if some of it was prurient . In 2008 , when he announced 10 comeback shows in London , beginning in July 2009 , the story made worldwide news . The number of concerts was later increased to 50 . Seventy-five thousand tickets sold in four hours when they went on sale in March . However , when the shows were postponed until 2010 , rumors swept the Internet that Jackson was not physically prepared and possibly suffering from skin cancer . Watch discussion of his tough life , brilliant career " At the time , the president and CEO of AEG Live , Randy Phillips , said , "  He 's as healthy as can be -- no health problems whatsoever . " Jackson held open auditions for dancers in April in Los Angeles . He is survived by his three children , Prince Michael I , Paris and Prince Michael II .	Michael Jackson suffers cardiac arrest at home in Los Angeles suburb Singer was dominant in pop music for four decades with Jackson 5 , solo Jackson had many No. 1s ; his "  Thriller " is one of the best-selling albums of all time
Director and actor Orson Welles once said , "  If you want a happy ending , that depends , of course , on where you stop your story . " Of course , the story of Occupy Wall Street and the movement it 's sparking across the nation is just beginning to be written . But those watching it unfold , especially those of us who are sympathetic to the movement , are eager to know how it might end . Will politicians start paying more attention to people instead of profits ? Will the "  99 % " persuade the "  1 % " to be more compassionate ? Will the protests spawn a new generation of engaged citizens , the "  flower power " for the 21st century ? If the occupations are n't forcibly ended by authorities , how will they stay visible in our easily distracted society ? And how will the protesters stay warm and dry ? When I asked Occupy Wall Street organizer Jesse Myerson about the possible endgame of the movement , he replied , "  That 's a dumb question . The movement is n't yet 3 weeks old . " Fair point . As a culture , we have a short attention span ; we 're too inclined to see everything as a sitcom and want to fast-forward to the end . Myerson was being a bit evasive . And this makes sense . Critics of Occupy Wall Street may demand to know the agenda -- the ending -- of the movement , but perhaps its ongoing victory is that its story is even being told . Americans had become shockingly complacent in the face of outrageous inequality and injustice , seeming to defend the special rights of yacht-owning "  job creators " while swallowing the notion that millions of our fellow citizens can be both working and poor . One poster at Occupy Wall Street read , "  The light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off . " That we 're now having a public debate about inequality and the ugly road to nowhere on which many hardworking Americans are traveling suggests that , whatever Occupy 's ultimate agenda , the process of movement building -- the fact of its existence -- may be its essential point . Social movements spring up not to achieve narrow policy goals but to shift the broader public debate , mobilizing public will toward change . Polls show this movement 's message against corporate greed not only has wider support than either political party in Washington but wider support than the tea party . "  Occupy " protests are springing up in unlikely places , from Idaho to Indiana , and drawing unlikely protesters like soccer moms , small-business owners and , yes , tea party members . That you 're even reading this column is evidence the protests are making a mark . Even if the 99 % movement -- as it 's coming to be known in some quarters -- fizzles in the coming months , historically it may be the spark that lights another flame that ultimately leads to change . Just as interest on a bank account multiplies and compounds over time , so does outrage and resistance . Like any good story , the 99 % movement is bound to have a cliffhanger , though it 's too soon to predict when or what it will be . But expect it to come in the form of a significant demand that , if achieved , would dramatically transform our politics and economy for the better . Based on my conversations with participants at Occupy Wall Street , my sense is that the ultimate demand could be a radical reform to get money out of politics . This might be a call for public financing of elections , new restrictions on lobbying contributions . There might even be a constitutional amendment saying the law should not treat corporations as people , effectively overturning the Supreme Court 's Citizens ' United ruling that allowing corporations and wealthy donors to spend more freely on campaigns . Incidentally , the American people widely support such campaign finance restrictions , but both Democrats and Republicans are chronically unwilling to forsake cash cow corporations and embrace reform . Creating huge public pressure to get corrupting money out of politics would be quite a happy ending for the protesters -- and our democracy . But even if ordinary Americans merely become more awake to the injustices of gaping inequality , if they now begin to fight back , then it wo n't matter where the story ends . In the face of economic travail -- with 16 million American children living in poverty and with unemployment for African-Americans at more than double the already-alarming rate for white people -- the 99 % are finally standing up together and taking action . This foreshadows a much brighter future all of us . "  Meaningful change does n't happen overnight , " Occupy Wall Street organizer Beka Economopoulos told me . "  We are n't talking end game now . We 're just getting started . " Yet organizers seem to realize the point is n't how their story ends but how long they can keep it going , growing public consciousness and building pressure for change . "  At this time , " Economopoulos said , "  we are only interested in impossible demands . "	Sally Kohn says Occupy Wall Street in early stages , but many are eager to know outcome She says its existence is already victory over Americans ' long season of complacency She predicts that the movement will result in a demand for real economic redress of some kind Kohn : Protesters may seek campaign finance reforms ; that they are finally awake is enough
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Capt. Carl Gamble was behind the controls of Piedmont Airlines Flight 451 as the plane headed to Miami when a stewardess delivered a note from a passenger saying the flight was being hijacked . Nearly 30 years later , Gamble still recalls the sense of dread wash over him as he read the hijacker 's demand to be flown to Cuba . "  It 's such a shock that for the first 30 seconds you ca n't remember your name , " Gamble said . "  But then it all falls into place . " Gamble was an Air Force veteran who , exactly 15 years to the day of the hijacking , had been shot down in Vietnam . Over the plane 's intercom system , Gamble tried to negotiate with the hijacker , a pistol-wielding man dressed in black , who called himself "  Lt. Spartacus . " The hijacker threatened to take the lives of the 57 passengers and crew aboard the plane if Gamble did n't fly him to Havana . In addition to the small pistol he had smuggled aboard , the hijacker claimed to have a bomb in his suitcase . "  He said he had a detonator , " Gamble remembered , "  and that he was prepared to blow up the airplane . " Q&A : When hijackings were common The airline told Gamble to comply with the hijacker 's demands . The pilot remembers seeing U.S. military C-130s accompany him south and then , as he approached Cuban air space , turn back . Shortly after landing in Havana , Gamble said his plane was surrounded by a bright green swarm of Cuban soldiers . The Cubans had plenty of experience with hijacked planes from the United States . After Fidel Castro took power , the island became the go-to destination for dozens of hijackers -- some were aspiring revolutionaries , others common criminals seeking refuge in a country where the lack of diplomatic relations with the United States meant they were unlikely to be extradited . Gamble said the Cuban soldiers removed the passengers and crew , swept the plane for explosives and found nothing . Then the soldiers escorted the hijacker off the aircraft . "  I only got a glimpse of him , " Gamble said . "  I never understood what he was trying to do . " U.S. doctors see American jailed in Cuba This week , the world is getting another glimpse of the hijacker , a former Black Panther named William Potts , now 56 , who returned to the United States on Wednesday to turn himself into authorities for the 1984 hijacking . FBI agents arrested him at Miami International Airport on charges of air piracy , federal prosecutors said in a statement . He is scheduled to make his first appearance in front of federal magistrate on Thursday . If convicted , prosecutors said , he faces a minimum sentence of 20 years in prison and a maximum term of life behind bars . Potts has already served time in Cuba for his crime . He had hijacked the plane thinking he would be greeted as fellow revolutionary and given military training so he could begin his own uprising in the United States . Instead , the Cuban government tried Potts and sentenced him to 15 years in prison . "  In a Machiavellian sense , the Cubans changed , " Potts said . "  They simply changed . They used to do it and now they do n't do it . " Instead of becoming the next Che Guevara , Potts found himself a foreigner who spoke little Spanish in crowded and often violent prisons . But he refused Cuban offers to return home . "  If you are not able to suffer for the cause you are just a play revolutionary , " he said . Cuba and U.S. talk mail cooperation Potts served his time and after leaving prison married and had two daughters with a Cuban woman . Although a minor celebrity in his neighborhood of crumbling Soviet buildings east of Havana , Potts never fully fit into Cuban society . He converted to Islam and often wears a prayer cap and flowing robes accessorized with a combat vest . The pidgin Spanish he learned behind bars is combined with the occasional word in English or Arabic . Potts said he yearns to see family , including two daughters born in Cuba who now live in the United States . And he said he no longer feels the same zeal he once did for Cuba 's political system . "  Two generations were forced to sacrifice everything and we ca n't give our children a decent lunch , we ca n't give our old people a decent meal , " he said . "  That 's after 50 years of revolution . " Homesick American hijacker offers to return from Cuba Even though he 's a fugitive after being indicted by a U.S. court for the hijacking in 1985 , Potts has been trying to turn himself over to U.S. authorities for more than a year . Federal prosecutors have never explained the year-long delay in bringing him into custody . In a statement Wednesday , U.S. Attorney Wifredo Ferrer "  commended the investigative efforts of the FBI and the assistance of the Diplomatic Security Service , Coast Guard and the Transportation Security Administration in securing Potts 's return to the United States . " Potts said before he could leave Cuba , U.S. diplomats had to issue him a single-use passport and an exemption from the no-fly list . There also were to be two U.S. marshals accompanying him on the flight to Miami on Wednesday , Potts said , in case he has second thoughts . But the one-time hijacker will return to an uncertain future . Potts was unable to negotiate a plea deal and , while he hopes any sentence he faces in the United States would be reduced by the time he has served , there are no guarantees . "  I did the crime but I did the time , " Potts said before his arrest in the United States . "  I paid the price for that crime I committed , I am entitled to a second chance . " When he sent his daughters to live in the United States and watched their plane take off , he said he was filled with regret for having hijacked a plane . "  I live with the dread of what would have happened if the plane went down , " Potts said . "  I did n't have that perspective at the time , but I have it now and will have it until the day I die . I would have been responsible for all those people dying . " It 's not clear whether Potts will ask for forgiveness from the passengers and crew of Flight 451 , many of whom are no longer alive or only dimly recall their brief diversion to Cuba . Now retired after 37 years of flying , Carl Gamble vividly remembers the ordeal of the hijacking , trying to keep the plane 's passengers calm while complying with Potts ' orders . Asked whether he would accept an apology from Potts , Gamble said he holds no grudges . "  I would consider it , " he said . Cuban newspaper alleges bribes for U.S. visas	NEW : FBI agents have arrested William Potts on air piracy charges William Potts served time in Cuban prisons for a 1984 hijacking Potts , 56 , says he regrets the crime and wants to be with his family The pilot of that plane said he holds no grudges against Potts
Hong Kong  CNN  -- From the ice age to the modern age , a 42,000-year-old baby woolly mammoth debuted on the world stage in Hong Kong . Scientists say Lyuba , which means "  love " in Russian , died after 32 days of life , drowning in river mud in present-day Siberia . And for more than 40 millennia , she laid there encased in her dark , frigid grave . But Thursday the two-foot tall baby mammoth stood in the hot spotlight at Hong Kong 's high-end International Finance Center Mall -- across from Chanel and flanked by an Apple store and a Haagen-Dazs ice cream shop . Karim Azar , general manager of IFC Mall , explained how ice age relics pair up with modern-day retail . "  We try to be a little bit more than a shopping mall . We want to try and be a cultural center . We 're always looking for events that will attract a more cultural kind of angle . " Azar declined to say exactly how much money the mall paid to get Lyuba from her home at Russia 's Shemanovsky Museum but he did hint it was in the realm of several million Hong Kong dollars -- 7.8 million Hong Kong dollars equals about $ 1 million in U.S. currency . "  We do n't do it for the monetary gain , " Azar said . "  We 're doing it more for the cultural connection for the Hong Kong people and to get something interesting for the shopping mall . " He says the "  headaches " and "  red tape " -- including a Hong Kong promise to Russia to return Lyuba -- were worth it for the archaeological significance . Bernard Buigues , the French explorer who announced Lyuba 's discovery in 2007 , divulged that Lyuba is insured for U.S. $ 1.5 million . But the director of the Mammuthus Project added she is priceless . "  When you have access to such a specimen you think it 's not possible . You have to pinch yourself and think you are dreaming , " he said . Buigues goes on to say how excited he was to see Lyuba for the first time , and how fortunate a reindeer herder found the mammoth in 2007 . The region 's extreme cold and the lack of oxygen from Lyuba 's thick mud grave had helped to keep her nearly 100 % intact . Aside from missing a few toenails , Lyuba still sports a tuft of hair . Her skin is a near life-like grey . Even her last meal was preserved . That included her mother 's milk and bits of her mother 's feces -- an aid for digestion . The baby mammoth is not alone on her field trip to Asia . Also on loan from Russia 's Shemanovsky Museum is a three-story , two-ton replica of a woolly mammoth skeleton . A trio of real skulls from other extinct ice age animals round out Lyuba 's coterie -- a woolly rhino with a long single horn , a steppe bison and an open-mouthed cave lion baring its sharp predator 's teeth . But Lyuba is the star of this show . To the thousands of expected visitors , she may prove that being 42,000 years old never looked so good . The exhibit "  I Love Lyuba : Baby Mammoth of the Ice Age " extends to May 10 , 2012 at Hong Kong 's International Finance Center Mall .	Scientists says Lyuba , which means "  love " in Russian , died after 32 days of life The French explorer who announced Lyuba 's discovery in 2007 , says the specimen is insured for $ 1 million Extreme cold and the lack of oxygen helped to keep the baby mammoth nearly 100 % intact A trio of real skulls from other extinct ice age animals are also displayed in the mall
RAJASTHAN , India  CNN  -- Some call him the River Maker , others the Rainman of Rajasthan . His real name is Rajendra Singh . His nicknames come from his self-imposed mission to solve his state 's water problems , one raindrop at a time . Rajendra Singh is trying to solve water issues in Rajasthan -- one of India 's driest states . "  Today with global warming and climate change so many things are going on . Yes , this is the global problem . This is the modern problem . The solution is indigenous water conservation , " Singh says . Singh lives and works in Rajasthan , one of the driest states in India . It is the country 's largest state in land mass but has only about one percent of the country 's water resources . Singh has spent the last 25 years of his life practicing what he preaches there . His message is always the same . He says rainwater is a resource we can not afford to waste , instead we should capture and utilize it . "  If the drops come from the cloud , we can catch it ! " He says with his hands stretched to the sky . "  And that drop go -LSB- es -RSB- into the under -LSB- ground -RSB- aquifer and fulfills the aquifer . If that drop comes back so -LSB- it will -RSB- make springs , make a river . " We caught up with him in Rajasthan 's Alwar district . One of India 's so-called "  princely states " once ruled by Indian royalty . Back in the 1980s the government declared the area a dark zone : An area villagers could no longer pump up clean water because the water table had gotten so low . "  When there was a famine there was a drought I had to leave . " Farmer Narin Joshi told us who has lived in the area his whole life . "  I had to work as a laborer in Delhi to make ends meet . There was no way I could earn any money here . I had to go . " That meant leaving his wife behind to raise their children and try to keep them fed . "  If there is a harvest we benefit from the farm . " His wife Kalawati Devi his wife says . "  And if there is no harvest we get nothing . " For 10 years Joshi worked as a snack seller in Delhi sending back money to help his family survive . He says that all changed after Singh and his organization Tarun Bharat Sangh showed up . The group came to teach the villagers something their forefathers once practiced : The building of traditional dams called Johads . The dams are made of earth and rock . They are fashioned to capture the rain so the water will trickle down and replenish the aquifer eventually giving rise to water in the wells and bringing dead rivers back to life . But the work takes a community effort . One family is not enough to get it done . Singh says his role is to teach and motivate the community . "  There are more than 10-thousand water harvesting structures we -LSB- have -RSB- made in last 25 years . And all these structures came through the community effort . I just motivate and realize to the community and -LSB- the -RSB- community joined hands with us and they made it ! " It is easy to see the result when water becomes available again . Everything from water buffalo to majestic peacocks . Water snakes gather at the watering holes . Over the years Singh says his organization and the villagers of Rajasthan have revived seven rivers across the state helping more than a thousand villages . Now instead of traveling long distances carrying heavy vats of water , or migrating to the cities to make a living , the villagers can stay put and begin to enjoy their surroundings more . The availability of water brought the Joshi family back together again because the husband could finally make a living here . "  I have planted many kinds of trees . For my livelihood I do farming . " He says "  My family and I are leading very peaceful lives . "	Rajendra Singh has devoted his life to solving Rajasthan 's water problems Rajasthan is India 's largest state and also one of the driest Singh says rainwater is a resource we can not afford to waste Ten thousand water harvesting structures have been made in the last 25 years
Estonia summoned Russia 's ambassador on Friday to demand an explanation regarding what it described as the abduction of a security official near its joint border . The news came the same day Russia announced it had detained an Estonia security officer in its northwest Pskov region , where Russian officials allege he was carrying out an undercover operation , according to a report from state-run news agency Itar-Tass . The dueling claims follow mounting tensions between the two nations . Just days earlier , U.S. President Barack Obama visited Estonia , where he promised to protect the Baltic nation against Russian aggression . Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet called the abduction of the Internal Security Service official by unidentified individuals from Russia , near the Luhamaa border checkpoint , a "  very disturbing incident . " "  We expect to receive all manner of help and cooperation necessary from Russia in solving this case and bringing the Estonian citizen back to Estonia , " Paet said , according to the Estonian Foreign Ministry . Neither Paet nor the Foreign Ministry provided details as to how they know the individuals are Russian . Meanwhile , Russia confirmed it detained a man named Eston Kohver , who its security service , known as the FSB , said was detained on Russian soil . The Estonian officer "  had a Taurus handgun , an amount of $ 5,000 in cash , equipment for covert audio recording , and materials indicative of an intelligence mission , " Itar-Tass reported , citing the FSB .	Estonia 's foreign minister says unidentified Russia individuals are behind abduction "  We expect all manner of help and cooperation " from Russia , minister says Russia says it detained a security official in its northwest Pskov region It identified the official as Eston Kohver
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani says the controversy surrounding the death of 18-year-old Michael Brown , who was fatally shot by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , does not exemplify a larger national problem . "  93 percent of blacks are killed by other blacks , " Giuliani said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  We 're talking about the exception here . " "  What about the poor black child that is killed by the other black child ? Why are n't you protesting that ? " In a heated exchange Sunday with academic and radio host Michael Eric Dyson , Giuliani suggested that the white police officer who fatally shot Brown in mid-August should n't be the focus of the nation 's attention . "  We are talking about the significant exception , " Giuliani said . "  I 'd like to see the attention paid to that , that you are paying to this . " Giuliani went on to explain that he and other New York City mayors have worked hard to make New York Police Department "  as proportionate " as possible to reflect the racial makeup of the city . In response , Dyson called Giuliani 's comparison "  a false equivalency . " Giuliani says the chaos signifies that the nation is focusing on racial disparity when it should be setting its attention on the way the police force is arranged in respect to high crime rates . "  Why do n't you cut it down so that so many white police officers do n't have to be in black areas ? " "  White police officers would n't be there if you  speaking to Dyson  were n't killing each other 75 % of the time . " The former New York mayor , who has been credited with greatly reducing crime in the Big Apple among poorer areas , insisted that the focus of the nation should pivot towards reducing crime among the black community . "  Crime  is hardly insignificant , " Giuliani said . "  It is the reason for the heavy police presence in the black community . " Giuliani received significant blow-back from Dyson , an African America who told Giuliani his remarks "  reinforce the problematic perspective that prevails in the culture . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Rudy Giuliani says the shooting in Ferguson is not a reflection of race relations in national crime Giuliani : "  White police officers would n't be there if you were n't killing each other 75 % of the time " Ex-New York mayor : Focus should pivot toward reducing crime in black community Michael Eric Dyson : Those remarks "  reinforce -LSB- a -RSB- problematic perspective "
CNN  -- The Tennis Channel has canceled plans to broadcast a tournament in Dubai because an Israeli player was banned . Israeli tennis player Shahar Peer was denied a visa by the United Arab Emirates . Shahar Peer , the 45th-ranked women 's player according to the World Tennis Association , qualified to compete in this week 's Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships but was denied a visa by the United Arab Emirates . Dubai is one of the seven emirates of the UAE . The cable network had planned to air parts of the tournament this weekend . "  Tennis Channel recognizes that this exclusion has been made by state authorities and neither the tour nor tournament directors themselves , " said a statement posted on the channel 's Web site Wednesday . "  However we also honor the role and proud tradition that tennis has always played as a driving force for inclusion both on and off the courts . "  Preventing an otherwise qualified athlete from competing on the basis of anything other than merit has no place in tennis or any other sport , and has the unfortunate result of undermining the credibility of the very nature of competition itself . " The announcement comes the same day The Wall Street Journal Europe announced it is dropping its sponsorship of the tournament . "  The Wall Street Journal 's editorial philosophy is free markets and free people , and this action runs counter to the Journal 's editorial direction , " the Journal said in a written statement . The paper also said it plans to cancel a special tennis-themed advertising section scheduled for Monday and its backing of a men 's tournament in Dubai scheduled for next week . After days of international criticism , including the WTA saying it would review whether the UAE should be allowed to host future tournaments , the event 's organizers said Peer was barred from the tournament for her own protection , apparently alluding to Israel 's recent military offensive in Gaza . "  We do not wish to politicize sports , but we have to be sensitive to recent events in the region and not alienate or put at risk the players and the many tennis fans of different nationalities that we have here , " organizers said in a written statement . The statement cited anti-Israel protests before one of Peer 's matches at a recent tournament in New Zealand . But this is not the first time the UAE has barred Israeli tennis players . Last year , an Israeli men 's doubles team was denied entry . The emirate also cited security concerns then . In a statement posted on the Tennis Channel 's site , Peer thanked the cable channel for its decision . "  I was very moved and excited to hear about your decision not to broadcast the Dubai tournament following their denial to allow me to participate in the event , " she wrote . "  You at Tennis Channel were the first ones to add action to the words and this is leading the way to other organizations as well . "  All I want is to play tennis and do well . I believe you are helping me to do exactly this . "	United Arab Emirates denies visa to Israeli tennis player Shahar Peer Tennis Channel : Sport should be ` driving force for inclusion ... on and off the courts ' Wall Street Journal Europe drops sponsorship of Barclays Dubai Tennis tourney Peer thanks channel : ' I was very moved and excited to hear about your decision '
CNN  -- AC Milan coach Leonardo has admitted his relationship with club owner and Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is "  difficult . " Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport reported Berlusconi as saying the former Brazil international would be leaving at the end of a season in which Milan failed to make a title bid and were thrashed in the second round of the European Champions League by English club Manchester United . Although Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani refuted the quotes from Berlusconi on Italian television , a denial from the prime minister has not yet been forthcoming . At a news conference on Friday Leonardo told reporters : "  I do n't know what Berlusconi said but , aside from this , I ca n't deny that our relationship is difficult . "  We are very different , perhaps we are incompatible , but the important thing is the next three games and I care about them too much . "  I believe I am headstrong . I believe in my ideas and I do so with passion . It 's an incompatibility on a style level and a way of being . "  If someone says that I have said something that I have n't said , I deny it . But the relationship will go forward . "  I have never spoken about the future because I have never considered it to be the moment for obvious reasons , and I do n't consider it to be today either . " Leonardo has been linked with a return to South America but he insisted he has received no offers to return to Brazil . He said : "  I can say that I have never spoken with anyone at Flamengo , the Brazilian FA and the 2014 World Cup organizing committee . I have no official offer from anyone . " AC Milan play Fiorentina at the San Siro in Serie A on Sunday .	Milan coach Leonardo admits his relationship with club owner Silvio Berlusconi is "  difficult " Berlusconi was quoted by Italian media saying Leonardo would be going in the summer Leonardo says he and the Italian Prime Minister are "  incompatible "
CNN  -- The Tanzanian island of Zanzibar began three official days of mourning Sunday , a day after 200 people died when a ferry jammed with passengers and tons of cargo capsized amid strong waves . In addition to Tanzania , South Africa was sending divers and navy forces to help with recovery efforts , said Mohamed Aboud , the state minister of Zanzibar . British officials have also sent helicopters to help with the search efforts . "  Right now , we are focusing on getting the bodies for the relatives , but you never know , God is God ... we might find people alive , " he said . Rescuers saved 579 people , including 20 children , Aboud said . "  A lot of children are going back to Zanzibar for school , so there were a lot on the ferry , " said Ismail Katumba , a resident of Dar es Salaam . "  It was so chaotic . It was so crowded . " The minister said the ferry carries a maximum capacity of about 600 people and was traveling between the islands of Zanzibar and Pemba . But additional passengers , who were apparently not registered , had also made their way onboard , he said . It capsized in predawn hours local time , sending passengers scrambling for any available objects to avoid getting swallowed by the dark waves , witnesses said . Some jumped atop mattresses floating from the cargo . Fisherman , local hotels and residents joined rescue crews to help in the search , authorities said . Rescue crews took bodies to a nearby tent . "  You could hear people screaming loud and crying as bodies surfaced , mostly children , " said Katumba , who lost a friend in the accident . "  What you do is you just go over and start looking at the bodies to identify them . " Most of the rescued were transported to local hospitals for treatment , and some have been discharged . President Ali Mohamed Shein of Zanzibar , who ordered the three days of mourning , also called for flags to fly at half staff . Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete also said the nation would mark three days of mourning starting Sunday . The government has buried dozens of unidentified victims , the minister said , and will maintain records for those searching for loved ones . Pemba and Zanzibar , the two main islands on the Zanzibar archipelago , are popular among tourists for their pristine sandy beaches on the Indian Ocean . Zanzibar is a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania . CNN 's Jim Clancy , Nicole Saidi , Samira Said and journalist Richard Mgamba contributed to this report	NEW : Britain sends helicopters to help with the search efforts , official says South Africa is also sending divers and navy forces to help "  Right now , we are focusing on getting the bodies for the relatives , " official says Zanzibar is a popular tourist destination
CNN  With tensions running high after the shooting of two officers in Ferguson , Missouri , state and county police took over protest security in the St. Louis suburb Thursday . St. Louis County Police and the Missouri State Highway Patrol are assuming "  command of the security detail regarding protests , " St. Louis County Police said , while Ferguson Police will remain responsible for "  routine policing services " in the city . The takeover came less than a day after two police officers standing guard outside Ferguson police headquarters were shot in what St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar called an "  ambush , " spurring a manhunt for those responsible for targeting the line of officers . "  We could have buried two police officers , " Belmar told reporters . " ... I feel very confident that whoever did this ... came there for whatever nefarious reason that it was . " Belmar said several people "  have been very forthright " with investigators , but authorities have n't released the names of any possible suspects . Investigators believe they have identified two people they want to question in the shooting , and one of them might be the shooter , a law enforcement official said . Police are also trying to find anyone who may have helped the shooter get away . This is n't the first time that county police and state troopers have stepped in to handle protest security . When clashes between police and protesters boiled over last year , Missouri 's governor declared a state of emergency and tapped the State Highway Patrol to take over . After that emergency declaration expired in December , Ferguson Police resumed command of protest security . Officers from other agencies have continued to provide backup at larger protests . At a candlelight vigil Thursday night near the scene of the shooting , religious leaders led prayers for the wounded police officers and protesters . Dozens of demonstrators gathered again outside the police headquarters Thursday night . This time , Jeff Roorda of the St. Louis Police Officers Association said , the security situation on the streets is different . "  It 's a very tense situation , as you can well imagine , " he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  In my communications as a union official with police commanders , I 've been assured that tactics will be different tonight . I assume that means not only more officers , but a wider perimeter , with coverage , perhaps , of these blind spots from which the shots were fired last night . " Shots rang from a hill overlooking the station out shortly after midnight Wednesday , at the end of a protest against the Ferguson Police Department . Officers saw "  muzzle flashes ... about 125 yards away , " Belmar said . Protesters have disavowed any ties to the shooting , saying the demonstrators believe in nonviolence . "  As the protest was dying down , someone , somewhere got violent . Now who they were and what group they were affiliated with , we do n't know , " said Antonio French , a St. Louis alderman . "  In no way are they representative of the thousands of people ... who have been protesting . " Belmar believes someone targeted the police , who have faced heated criticism for months , for a reason . "  These police officers were standing there , and they were shot just because they were police officers , " he said . That department has been under fire since one of its officers , Darren Wilson , shot and killed black teen Michael Brown in August , and more recently since a scathing U.S. Department of Justice report came out documenting a pattern of racial discrimination . Police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned from his post Wednesday . While the demonstrators ' focus was Ferguson , neither of the wounded officers works in that St. Louis suburb 's Police Department . One is from Webster Groves , a city about 13 miles south of Ferguson . The officer -- a 32-year-old with seven years ' experience -- was shot at the high point of his cheek , just under his right eye , Belmar said . The other wounded officer was hit in the shoulder and the bullet came out the middle of his back , Belmar said . He is a 41-year-old from St. Louis County Police who has been in law enforcement for the past 14 years . Both men were treated and released from St. Louis ' Barnes Jewish Hospital . Brown 's parents condemned the shooting as "  senseless , " saying such violence against law enforcement "  will not be tolerated . " So did the White House , with a tweet signed with President Barack Obama 's initials offering prayers for the wounded officers and calling "  violence against police ... unacceptable . " And U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , who visited Ferguson in the aftermath of Brown 's shooting and unrest that spurred , decried what happened as a "  heinous and cowardly  and  repugnant attack . " "  What happened last night was a pure ambush , " Holder said . "  This was not someone trying to bring healing to Ferguson . This was a damn punk who was trying to sow discord . " Iresha Turner says police banged on her door in the middle of the night . "  I opened the door and stood back . I look at my chest , there 's a red dot on it , " she said . "  I have my hands up , start crying . I said , ` please , do n't shoot me . " Turner was one of three people who were questioned for hours by investigators Thursday and eventually released . But they never saw the shooting and had no idea who opened fire , she said . Turner thinks police questioned her because she was in a car of people who sped away after the shooting -- not because they had anything to do with it , she said , but because they were scared after hearing gunshots . It 's not known what connection , if any , the shooter or shooters had to Wednesday night 's protest . One irony is that , for some protesters , Wednesday was a day to celebrate : They 'd called for Jackson 's resignation for months , and finally it was happening . But for others , it was not enough . That 's why they congregated in Ferguson , to demand changes like disbanding the city 's entire Police Department and ousting Mayor James Knowles . Some chanted , "  Racist cops have got to go . " Others held signs with slogans such as "  They do n't really care about us ! " and "  Black lives matter . " "  It was a great group  with  great , great energy , " protester Markus Loehrer said . Three were arrested in a crowd Belmar characterized as agitated and "  pretty rowdy " at times . Demonstrator DeRay McKesson told CNN that one fight that occurred had nothing to do with the protests . At its peak , some 150 protesters congregated Wednesday night in front of the Ferguson police station , Belmar said . About 70 law enforcement officers from multiple departments came in to stand in front of the station , as they have on many other nights -- with the turnout of demonstrators the highest since the November grand jury decision not to indict Wilson . There 's the manhunt , of course . And then there 's the likelihood of more protests and the possibility of more violence as well . Even though Jackson , City Manager John Shaw , Ferguson 's top court clerk and two police officers are gone or on their way out , some activists are vowing to keep pressing for change . "  We are n't satisfied with this , " Reed said of the police chief 's exit . "  It 's a step in the right direction , but it 's not what total justice looks like in Ferguson . " Jackson expressed optimism that , in his view , the Justice Department report concluded that Ferguson "  can do the tough work to see this through and emerge the best small town it can be . " But what are the prospects after Thursday 's shooting ? Loehrer worried that the shooting will undercut the protesters ' message against discrimination and violence . "  It 's a shame that somebody had to take advantage of this great group , " he said , "  to do something so despicable . " And Belmar said it underscores the fact that , eight months after Brown 's death , the streets of Ferguson are still simmering and law enforcement officers there are on edge . "  This is beginning at times to be very difficult for any law enforcement agencies , anywhere , to really wrap their arms around , " he said . "  I want everybody ... to understand how difficult this is . " CNN 's Holly Yan , Joe Sutton , Sara Sidner , Jason Carroll , Shimon Prokupecz , Evan Perez , Don Lemon and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Protests resume outside Ferguson 's police headquarters Investigators identify two they want to question ; one might be the shooter State troopers and county police will take over protest security
CNN  -- For weeks , Nigerian officials said that more than 200 Nigerian school girls would finally be freed . When it fell apart , there was nothing but devastation . Over and over , sources told CNN 's Isha Sesay that negotiations between the government and Boko Haram , the group that snatched the girls in April , were getting somewhere . The journalist was assured that the Islamist terror group had agreed to a cease-fire , and as part of that deal , the girls would be able to return to their families . For once , Sesay allowed herself to feel optimistic . A native of Sierra Leone , the journalist was personally drawn to the tragedy that inspired the global campaign "  Bring Back Our Girls . " "  Those girls were poor , from a remote part of Nigeria , " in Chibok in Borno State , Sesay said . The area has been long ignored , and the people there have gotten by on very little , she said . The girls were kidnapped while they were at school . "  They were just trying to get an education , " Sesay said . "  But for the grace of God , I come from an educated family and my life has been different . It 's the power of education that has allowed me to become a CNN anchor . These girls were in school to change their circumstances . " Sesay got on a plane to Nigeria days ago as sources told her that the girls ' freedom was imminent . When she landed she started to hear more from journalists who have extensively covered Boko Haram , and from those who knew how the terror group operated . They were suspicious , and doubted that the government was really in talks with the terrorists . There were other red flags . No one from Boko said anything about the supposed cease-fire . In fact , members remained active in northeastern Nigeria , and actually carried out more attacks and child abductions . Sesay and her CNN crew kept hoping . Maybe it was simple banditry in the north , she reasoned . It was hard to bear the idea that the girls would n't be freed . "  We wanted to believe , " she said . "  We gave  Nigerian officials  the benefit of the doubt , I suppose . " A crushing video On November 1 , a video appeared of Boko Haram leader , Abubakar Shekau saying no cease-fire been reached . The girls were not going to be released , he said , laughing . They had converted to Islam and were married off . "  They are , " he said , "  in the marital homes . " It was a crushing blow . "  It was like he was saying , ` This is done , ' " Sesay recalled . After the video was released , Nigeria 's government asserted that negotiations had happened , and Shekau had gone back on promises he 'd made during those talks . "  We 've heard about the video , and we can say the road to peace is bumpy -- and you can not expect otherwise , " a spokesman said . "  Nigeria has been fighting a war , and wars do n't end overnight . " In late October , Human Rights Watch released a report on Boko Haram violence against women and girls in Nigeria . The group interviewed kidnap victims including a dozen of the Chibok girls who escaped . The girls had been imprisoned in eight Boko Haram camps in the Sambisa Forest Reserve , the report said . The women and girls who refused to convert to Islam were physically and sexually assaulted , HRW said , and some were forced to marry their captors . Men and boys who were abducted , the report says , were given the choice of joining the group or being murdered . What gives Boko Haram its strength ? ` How could they do this ? ' Before she left Nigeria , Sesay called Obiageli Ezekwesili , a former Nigerian government official and one of the leaders of the Bring Back Our Girls campaign . "  She sounded sick with grief when she answered the phone , " Sesay recalled . "  I said ... ` Are you OK ? ' which is ... so stupid . She was just -- her voice was hoarse with pain . She said , ` How could they do this ? ' " Ezekwesili said she was n't sure if the parents of the girls would recover . Sesay said she is committed to continue to tell the girls ' stories . Each is a person . Each deserves to live out their unique passions and paths . "  We have to keep asking questions , " she said . "  We have set expectations low in terms of getting meaningful answers . That ca n't continue . " Boko Haram -- the essence of terror	CNN 's Isha Sesay is personally driven to continue to tell the story of kidnapped Nigerian school girls She went to Africa because sources told her that terror group Boko Haram would release the girls Boko Haram 's leader said that the girls would not be freed , but had been married off The turn of events felt like a crushing blow to so many who have fought for the girls to return home
Washington  CNN  -- The nation 's major airlines -- lambasted for years because of canceled flights , long tarmac delays , late arrivals and lost luggage -- have significantly improved in all four of those key measurements of customer service , the federal government said Thursday . Indeed , airlines set an 18-year record for on-time performance during the first half of this year , a report by the Department of Transportation said . And lengthy tarmac delays have decreased dramatically . The 586 lengthy tarmac delays recorded during the first half of 2009 dropped to four delays for the same time period this year . Alaska Airlines : Note on wing ` not the best approach ' The improvements are "  very good news , " said Kate Hanni of Flyersrights.org , a passenger advocacy group that fought for rules penalizing carriers for tarmac delays . "  We said that our tarmac rules were going to force efficiency , and that 's what we think is happening , " Hanni said . "  I think the weather has something to do with it as well , in all fairness , " she said . Airlines also have worked to improve customer satisfaction , Hanna said . "  I think they realized they hit a bottom and they realized their customers would n't take any more abuse . " In a statement , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood also credited the new DOT rules . "  Our new airline consumer rules and our vigorous oversight of the aviation industry are holding airlines accountable to their customers , " LaHood said . An airline trade group heralded the report . "  Our member airlines are delivering levels of customer service that no other industry , given its complexity , matches and are working to make air travel even more efficient for passengers and shippers , " Nicholas Calio of Airlines for America said in a statement . The improved service , interestingly , has not resulted in fewer complaints to the DOT . Instead , complaints rose 24 % during the first half of 2012 , the report says . A DOT spokesman said the department has seen an "  uptick " in complaints when there 's a lot of publicity about airline consumer issues , such as January when many of the provisions of the new airline consumer rule took effect . Industry officials say the complaints may be on the rise because the DOT has made it easier to file grievances , and because passengers may be complaining about factors not covered by the DOT report , such as rising ticket prices , cramped seating and baggage fees . Plane lands at wrong airport in West Virginia The DOT may see another uptick when a new requirement takes effect requiring airlines to publish the DOT toll-free hotline number on web sites and e-tickets . The DOT 's Air Travel Consumer Report released Thursday says : -- The 15 largest U.S. airlines had an 83.7 % on-time arrival rate during the first six months of the year , the highest mark for any January-June period in the 18 years the department has collected comparable data . -- Airlines canceled 1.1 % of flights , also the lowest rate for the past 18 years . -- There were only four tarmac delays longer than three hours on domestic flights during the six-month period . This follows the department 's rule , which took effect in April 2010 , setting a three-hour limit for aircraft carrying passengers on domestic flights to sit on the tarmac . In contrast , there were 586 lengthy tarmac delays between January and June of 2009 , the year before the tarmac rule went into effect . -- Airlines posted the lowest rate of mishandled baggage for the period since the data was first reported in September 1987 . The record of 2.97 reports of mishandled baggage per 1,000 passengers improved on the previous January-June then-record low of 3.60 set last year . There were other measurements that , though small in number , put airline customer service in a negative light . The DOT received 344 complaints about airlines ' treatment of disabled passengers during the six-month period , up 20.7 % from the comparable period in 2011 . And airlines bumped -- involuntarily denied boarding -- to 0.98 per 10,000 passengers , up from a 0.80 rate in the first half of 2011 . El Al airlines to honor airfare after pricing mishap	A new federal report shows significant performance improvement by major airlines Airlines set an 18-year record for on-time performance during the first half of this year Meanwhile , complaints rose 24 % during the first half of 2012 , the report says Industry officials say that may be because the DOT has made it easier to file complaints
CNN  -- Authorities have a suspect in custody in connection with a backpack bomb found in January along a Martin Luther King Jr. . Day parade route in Spokane , Washington , according to Michael Ormsby , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Washington . Kevin William Harpham , 36 , of Colville , Washington , was charged with attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and possession of an unregistered explosive device , Ormsby said . Harpham appeared before a federal magistrate Wednesday and was ordered held without bail after Harpham waived his detention hearing , Ormsby said . Federal public defenders were appointed to represent him , and they will be able to ask for a bail hearing at a later date , Ormsby told CNN . Harpham lived alone in a mobile home or modified mobile home on a 10-acre tract in rural Stevens County , and the closest large city is Colville , Washington , Ormsby said . Federal prosecutors will seek a grand jury indictment against Harpham on March 22 , Ormsby said . An arraignment for Harpham is scheduled for March 23 , added Ormsby . On Wednesday , authorities were conducting a search of Harpham 's home , Ormsby said . The weapon of mass destruction charge would carry a maximum penalty of life in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and up to five years of court supervision after release , prosecutors said . The unregistered explosive device charge would carry a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and up to three years of court supervision after release , they said . The suspect was apprehended away from his home , a law enforcement source told CNN . Authorities are trying to determine if the bomb attempt was part of a conspiracy , but for now , the scheme seems to be a "  lone wolf " situation , the source said . In January , the FBI said it would consider recent local neo-Nazi activity in its investigation of the backpack bomb . But this week , authorities still have not publicly linked the bombing attempt to any specific group or organization , Ormsby said . The bureau has been looking into the incident as "  an act of domestic terrorism , " Frank Harrill , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Spokane field office , said in January . The investigation was aided by detailed forensic and follow-up work on the backpack bomb itself , the law enforcement source said . After the bomb was discovered , it was sent to the FBI lab in Quantico , Virginia , authorities said at the time . The bomb was found the morning of the parade in January by three workers before the event began , authorities said . The FBI released photos of the Swiss Army-brand backpack and two T-shirts found in it . One shirt says "  Treasure Island 2009 " and the other reads "  Stevens County Relay For Life June 25th-26th 2010 . " On Wednesday , Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire credited the three workers and law officers , saying when the Spokane 's emergency response system was put to a test , "  it worked as it should have and prevented what could have been a terrible tragedy on a day of celebration . " "  I again want to commend the three workers who reported the suspicious backpack to authorities , and the law enforcement officers who responded , " Gregoire said in a statement . Also on Wednesday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder expressed gratitude no one was injured in the bombing attempt . "  I can say that it was a viable device . It was planted with the aim of injuring or killing people . And we were fortunate that it did not go off and people were not killed . We were just lucky in that regard , " Holder said . The device contained a chemical found in rat poison and was packed with little metal pellets , apparently as shrapnel , another law enforcement official told CNN in late January . The device was set up to be detonated remotely , that official said . The two neo-Nazi activities the FBI referred to in January occurred in nearby Coeur d'Alene , Idaho -- one on the King holiday and another three days earlier . Coeur d'Alene is 35 miles east of Spokane . Three days before the holiday , a handful of neo-Nazis in Coeur d'Alene protested two Mexican restaurants with signs saying , "  This is white land " and "  We want you out of here . " During the evening of the holiday , about 15 neo-Nazis demonstrated outside the Human Rights Education Institute in downtown Coeur d'Alene . The Coeur d'Alene area had been a hotbed of neo-Nazi activity through the Aryan Nations and Order II hate groups since at least the 1970s , though the groups were disbanded through criminal convictions and civil lawsuits by 2000 , said Tony Stewart , one of the founders of the Kootenai County Task Force on Human Relations in Coeur d'Alene . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	NEW : Kevin Harpham , 36 , who lived alone in a rural mobile home , is ordered held without bail He faces two charges , including trying to use a weapon of mass destruction A backpack bomb was found along a Martin Luther King Jr. parade route in Spokane
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Governors of several Venezuelan states have warned that recent oil spills and other contamination could be polluting local drinking water . But President Hugo Chavez counters that the officials ' criticisms and media reports on the water controversy are propaganda in the political battle against him . "  If it is n't war , it is media terrorism . This is very serious . It is an attack on the physical and mental health of a people , of a community . This is a crime , " Chavez said this week , saying authorities should prosecute those responsible . On Thursday , Venezuela 's attorney general said a court had issued an injunction requiring media to "  act with extreme responsibly " and present evidence when broadcasting information about the country 's water , saying that past reports on contamination were presented without proof in order to cause panic . "  They have no technical evidence . They are doing it to foster negative opinions , not to help the population . If you say something is happening and it is untrue , what can you generate ? Conflict and chaos , " Attorney General Luisa Ortega said . Critics say the government should analyze what could be causing drinking water problems , rather than investigating those who have expressed concerns . "  There have been a wave of attacks from the national government . ... What worries us is not only that they are not recognizing the problem , but that they want to censor the people who denounce it , " said Edison Duran , general director of the Movement for Water Quality . "  The government , unfortunately , treats any denouncement of anything wrong as a political attack , and disqualifies it as a media campaign . " Monagas Gov. Jose Gregorio Briceno has argued that federal officials are n't being forthcoming about what could be a serious risk to the population . The governor has said public health is his primary concern . "  I would prefer that the people are healthy , that no one is sick , that no one has cancer or any kind of illness , instead of being irresponsible , " he told CNN affiliate Globovision . Briceno has been at the center of the political and environmental controversy over the water supply since last month , when an oil pipeline ruptured in the Guarapiche River , which runs through his state . Federal officials have said Venezuela 's state oil company has cleaned up 95 % of the oil that flowed into the river , and the water in the area is safe to drink . But the governor repeatedly expressed concerns over the drinking water supply , and another rupture emerged in public view -- this time within the ranks of Chavez 's United Socialist Party of Venezuela . Last week , party leaders expelled Briceno "  for willing , serious offenses derived from unethical and counter-revolutionary positions , " state media reported . Two opposition governors in other states have also expressed concerns about water in recent weeks . "  We call on the national government to declare an emergency in the whole water system because ... there is no guarantee that the water going to the homes in the center of the country is drinkable , " said Henrique Salas Feo , governor of Carabobo state , alleging that drinking water from a reservoir was contaminated . In Zulia state , Gov. Pablo Perez said an oil spill in neighboring Colombia had contaminated a lake . But Chavez maintained that the officials ' concerns and media reports have no credibility . "  It 's a disgrace . It is a great lie , " he said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet in Atlanta and journalist Osmary Hernandez in Caracas contributed to this report .	President Hugo Chavez calls claims of contaminated water "  media terrorism " Venezuela 's attorney general says critics are trying to cause "  confict and chaos ' "  They are not recognizing the probelm , " one activist says Chavez 's party expels one governor who says drinking water may be polluted
CNN  -- It 's another one of those "  you ca n't make this kind of stuff up " stories . A New Jersey high school senior sued her parents , accusing them of tossing her out of the family home when she turned 18 and refusing to pay for her private high school and college education . In a lawsuit , Rachel Canning of Lincoln Park , New Jersey , asked a court to have her parents pay the outstanding tuition for her private high school , pay her living and transportation expenses for the foreseeable future , use money from an existing college fund to pay for at least some of her college education , and pay her legal bills . At a hearing Tuesday in New Jersey State Superior Court , a judge denied the request for high school tuition and current living expenses . Another hearing will be held in April to deal with the other issues in the suit , including college costs . WATCH : Judge 's harsh words for suing teen It 's a case of she said versus they said . Rachel Canning says she is an honors student and cheerleader , who was cut off from her family and could lose the opportunity to attend college , where she hopes to major in biomedical engineering . Canning 's parents , Sean and Elizabeth , argue that she was not kicked out of the house . Instead , they say she left on her own back in October because she did n't want to abide by their rules . Mixed into this seemingly dysfunctional family brew are a number of other allegations against each side : that the Cannings did n't like Rachel 's boyfriend and that they were abusive to her , and that Rachel missed curfews and was suspended from school . No surprise that reaction in social media was swift and significantly tilted in one direction . "  She is an entitled spoiled brat and will regret this later in life , " wrote G.G. Benitez , CEO and founder of a public relations firm , on my Facebook page . Tish Howard , a former elementary school principal and CEO of an educational consulting firm , agreed . "  Here is another example of what happens when children are over entitled . Let 's hand out more trophies for just showing up , " Howard , a mother and grandmother , wrote on Facebook . Kim Kennedy , a New York-based television producer , said , "  Bratty kids have always been there . Some have better publicists . " But there was a little bit of blame for the parents too . "  Her parents have clearly contributed to the development of her character and work ethic  or lack thereof  , " wrote Pamela Sellers , a freelance producer and writer and mom of two girls in Atlanta . "  They should settle this by ensuring that she complete her high school degree . As for college : until she learns to appreciate what she 's had , she will never be respectful . They should cut her off completely . Her learning to make it on her own will be the best thing in the end . " Howard , the former school principal , said she feels "  deep compassion " for the parents . "  I am saddened that someone in their life was not brave enough to have a critical conversation with them years ago about disabling children with an easy easy path , " she said . "  Self esteem and accountability are by products of overcoming disequilibrium and succeeding not by having adults eliminate the hurdles and failures for you . " Dorothy Liu , an entrepreneur and mom in Bellevue , Washington , said if the parents ' side of the story is true , it sounds as though they were "  at the end of their rope . " "  As parents , most of us try to do the best we can and hope we can instill enough good common sense and humility in our kids so they may make good decisions , " said Liu , who has a 10-year-old daughter . "  It saddens me to see the level of entitlement in this generation , but it 's more evidence that by giving our kids every opportunity to realize their potential , we 're also giving them the power to see it as their due rather than the gift and privilege it is . " On the other side are people like Sheryl Resnick of Tucson , Arizona , who believes the appropriateness of suing parents really depends on the individual child 's circumstances "  I know of a situation where a 12-year-old was taken out of private school and had to go to public school in a different city , " said Resnick , also on Facebook . "  His parents drank up his school money . But in those days a kid did n't sue his parents . He pitied them . But it did irrevocably change his life . " Perhaps the view that sums up this entire case was a tweet with the hashtag #Nowinners by a father of two boys . He called it a "  terrible situation . " Indeed it is , because whatever happens , you have a relationship between a child and her parents that is anything but healthy at the moment . Raising a teenager is n't easy . At the same time , being a teenager is no walk in the park either . If only both sides could find a way to meet in the therapist 's office -- together -- that would be a step in the right direction , said Jennifer Hartstein , a New York City-based child , adolescent and family psychologist . "  Clearly , there is a breakdown in communication in this family , bordering on limited communication , " said Hartstein . "  The real question I have is how did it get so bad and go this far ? What kind of steps could have been taken prior to this happening ? "	A New Jersey teen sues her parents to pay her college costs She says her parents kicked her out ; they say she left on her own Reaction online was swift , with many pointing to a sense of entitlement by the teen One tweet summed it up this way : #Nowinners
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Tom Cruise struck back at tabloid reports about his relationship with his 6-year-old daughter , Suri in the wake of his divorce from Katie Holmes . "  The tabloids are at it again , trying to make a buck by publishing more grotesquely false claims about Tom Cruise , " the actor 's attorney Bert Fields said Wednesday . Fields singled out Life & Style , which he called "  a sleazy magazine " for "  a bogus cover headline that Suri has been ` ABANDONED BY HER DAD . ' " Tom Cruise , Katie Holmes ` amicably ' settle divorce , attorney says "  That , as anyone knows who saw their photos together yesterday and today , is a disgusting , vicious lie , " Fields said . Cruise and Holmes announced a week ago that they "  amicably settled " their divorce , just two weeks after Holmes filed for it . "  Until this week , Tom was shooting a film on location , but he spoke to Suri every day , " Field said . "  He 's with Suri right now ; and he was with her the day before Life & Style trumpeted their cruelly false accusation . Tom dearly loves Suri and the last thing he would ever do is abandon her . " Representatives of Life & Style did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Katie Holmes ` doing all right ' as Tom Cruise has ` somber ' birthday CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Tabloid reports on Cruise 's relationship with Suri are "  grotesquely false , " lawyer says Cruise lawyer slams "  ABANDONED BY HER DAD " headline The actor "  spoke to Suri every day " he was away filming , lawyer says Cruise and Katie Holmes announced a week ago that they "  amicably settled " their divorce
CNN  -- Drainage tubes . Waterfalls . Bullrings . These are n't features typically associated with hotels , but the most interesting places to stay in Latin America somehow make them work . This group of hotels goes a few steps further than turndown service and a free breakfast lineup to make your stay memorable . Tubohotel  Topoztlan , Mexico Modeled after the funky Dasparkhotel in Linz , Austria , the Tubohotel has transformed 20 concrete sewer pipes into minimalistic hotel rooms . Artfully arranged in groups of three , the pipes are 8 feet wide and 11 feet long and outfitted with a queen-sized bed , desk light and fan . Claustrophobic or amenities-driven travelers need not apply . Tubohotel , Tlacaltipac Glorieta Kilometer 17 S/N , San Sebastian , Tepoztlan , Mexico ; +52 739 395 3613 ; from $ 31 per night Costa Verde  Quepos , Costa Rica In the dense forest along the western coast of Costa Rica lies the body of an old Boeing 727 . It 's not the ominous remains of a flight gone wrong , but rather a luxury hotel suite . Dangling over the side of a hill amid a selection of more traditional accommodations , the fuselage of the vintage 1965 jetliner has been remade into a two-bedroom rental complete with dining area , sitting room and a small wooden deck for spotting the toucans , howler monkeys and other jungle creatures . The fuselage that encases the two bedrooms of the "  727 Fuselage Home " suite is intact . Apart from the distinctive shape of the portholes and curved ceiling , however , the interior feels more woodsy bungalow than aircraft . Costa Verde , about a half mile from entrance to Manuel Antonio National Park , Quepos , Costa Rica ; +506 2777 0584 ; 727 suite from $ 250 per night Encuentro Guadalupe Antiresort  Valle de Guadalupe , Mexico "  Luxury cabin " sounds like an oxymoron , but not when you 're talking about the 20 designer shelters that make up this Baja California retreat . Each sparse but chic unit includes king-size beds , ceiling fans and floor-to-ceiling windows . The hotel is positioned among craggy terrain , so it blends in with the landscape of this fertile wine-growing region just 90 minutes south of San Diego . Encuentro Guadalupe Antiresort Ctra . Tecate-Ensenada , kilometer 75 , Valle de Guadalupe , Mexico ; +52 646 155 2775 ; from $ 175 per night Lapa 's Nest Tree House , Barrio Bonito , Costa Rica With six stories , four bedrooms , and two bathrooms , Lapa 's Nest just might be the world 's coolest tree house . Built 60 feet up around a towering guanacaste tree in the rainforest of remote southern Costa Rica , this arboreal perch offers guests unexpected luxuries like warm showers and air-conditioning , not to mention a bird 's - eye view of the native wildlife . Lapa 's Nest Tree House , 13 kilometers north of Puerto Jimenez , Barrio Bonito , Costa Rica ; +508 714 0622 ; from $ 1,850 per week Unique Hotel  Sao Paulo , Brazil Other than its name , what makes this hotel unique is its shape . The work of Ruy Ohtake , one of Brazil 's most talented architects , it 's been said to resemble everything from a boat to a slice of watermelon , but the construction was simply an ingenious way to get around the city 's building-height codes . Inside , it 's not all that different from any other upscale property , except perhaps for the rooms ' circular windows and an odd transparent , retractable wall between the bed and the bathroom . Unique Hotel , Av . Brigadeiro Luis Antonio , 4700 , Jardim Paulista , Sao Paulo , Brazil ; +55 11 3055 4700 ; from $ 370 per night Canopy Tower  Gamboa , Panama This 12-room lodge rising above the treetops of Soberanía National Park has an unusual origin . It was built by the U.S. Air Force in 1965 as a radar tower to help in the defense of the Panama Canal , and was later used for everything from controlling air traffic to aiding in the war on drugs . Today , it 's a hotel and nature observatory . The rooftop deck offers a 360-degree view of the forest below . It 's popular with birders hoping to catch a glimpse of the bicolored antbird , blue cotinga and other species that reside in the forest canopy . Canopy Tower Soberanía National Park , 35 miles north of Panama City , Gamboa , Panama ; +507 264 5720 ; from $ 120 per night  three-night minimum Palacio de Sal  Potosí , Bolivia You may be tempted to lick the walls at this oddball hotel , but please refrain . Especially if you have high blood pressure . That 's because the entire thing is made of salt . Billions of tons of it , in fact , all of which came from the nearby Salar de Uyuni salt flat  the world 's largest  . The unusual building material was used to construct the floors , ceilings and almost everything in between , including the beds and the property 's nine-hole golf course . Palacio de Sal , Salar de Uyuni , Uyuni , Potosí , Bolivia ; +591 68420888 ; from $ 135 per night Montaña Mágica  Panguipulli , Chile It 's a trek getting to this 13-room retreat in the middle of the Huilo-Huilo Biological Reserve , but make it and you 'll be treated to a vine-covered , volcano-shaped lodge with daily eruptions that spew water down the side of the property . Step indoors and the woodsy theme will have you feeling like you 're inside a hallowed-out tree . Given the look and feel of the place , you might think you 'd be surrounded by hobbits , but your neighbors are actually the pumas , pygmy owls and other creatures that make their home in the forest . Montaña Mágica , inside Huilo-Huilo Biological Reserve , 530 miles south of Santiago , Panguipulli , Chile ; +56 2 233 559 38 ; from $ 200 per night Quinta Real Zacatecas  Zacatecas , Mexico One look at this luxury hotel and it 's not hard to imagine its previous incarnation as the Plaza de Toros San Pedro , a bullfighting arena dating to the nineteenth century . Forty-nine suites now reside where the grandstand once stood and the ring where the matadors once battled beasts is now a charming courtyard . All of it has been remade to appease hotel guests while preserving the structure 's classic colonial style . Quinta Real Zacatecas , Av . Ignacio Rayón 434 , Col. Centro , Zacatecas , Mexico ; +492 922 9104 ; from $ 126 per night EcoCamp Patagonia  Torres del Paine , Chile Glamping meets sustainability at this cluster of igloo-shaped suites that house visitors exploring the rugged Patagonian plains with adventure outfitter Cascada Expediciones . The domes are designed to mimic the dwellings of the nomadic Kaweskar tribe that once inhabited the area Green features include low-emission woodstoves and state-of-the-art composting toilets . There 's also enough electricity to charge your camera , so you can snap plenty of pics of the incredible Torres del Paine landscape . EcoCamp Patagonia , Torres del Paine National Park , approximately 200 miles north of Punta Arenas airport , Torres del Paine , Chile ; +56 2 2923 5950 ; call for rates	Hotels shaped like volcanoes or built in old passenger jets among more unusual accommodation available in Latin America The Lapa 's Nest Tree House in Costa Rica features rooms perched above the rainforest floor in a guanacaste tree The floors , ceilings and even the beds in Bolivia 's Palacio de Sal are constructed out of salt
Atlanta  CNN  -- Tornado warning sirens echoed across northern Georgia on Monday as the remnants of Tropical Storm Lee swept through the area , damaging dozens of homes and knocking out power to thousands . One man was treated for "  superficial " injuries after being rescued from the basement of a collapsed home near Woodstock , about 30 miles north of downtown Atlanta , Cherokee County Emergency Management Supervisor Robby Westbrook told CNN . He said sheriff 's deputies counted more than 100 homes damaged in a roughly five-mile stretch around the town . And Cherokee County Fire Department spokesman Tim Cavender said several trees were knocked down around Holly Springs , about five miles north of Woodstock . High winds ripped the siding from homes and scattered strands of pink insulation around neighborhoods , while falling trees split others apart . The storm also knocked out power to about 20,000 Georgia Power customers , half of them around Atlanta , company spokeswoman Christy Ihrig told CNN . Another 5,000 were left in the dark in Savannah , on the Atlantic coast , with the remainder of outages scattered around the state , Ihrig said . Lee hit southwestern Louisiana on Sunday and has drenched the Southeast as it moves inland . One flooding death was reported in rural northeast Mississippi , while authorities were still searching for a teenager they said was swept off a beach on the Alabama coast . In eastern Tennessee , Chattanooga saw a record 8-plus inches of rain in a 24-hour period and was expecting another two inches , said David Gaffin , a National Weather Service meteorologist . The previous record of 7.61 inches had stood since 1886 , he said . Two nearby creeks were both over flood stage , but both were expected to crest Tuesday . South Chicamauga Creek , near the Chattanooga airport , ran seven feet over its 18-foot flood stage Monday evening , while Lookout Creek , at 17 feet , was five feet over , Gaffin said . Lee weakened to a tropical depression after hitting land , but was projected to dump up to 20 inches of rain on some areas as it moves northeast , the National Hurricane Center said . The sole confirmed fatality as of Monday evening was in Tishomingo County , Mississippi , where one person drowned after floodwaters swept away a vehicle , state emergency officials said . But the threat of flash floods forced authorities in Jackson to evacuate more than two dozen families from an apartment complex early Monday , Jackson police spokeswoman Colendula Green said . The storm knocked down power lines and trees across Jackson , Mississippi 's capital , officials said Monday . And in Alabama , searchers were still looking for a 16-year-old boy who was last seen on a beach near Gulf Shores on Sunday , Baldwin County Sheriff 's spokesman Anthony Lowery told CNN . The search would continue as weather permits , he said . Lee 's winds have also fueled wildfires that killed at least two people and threatened about 1,000 homes in Texas , officials said . At least 450 homes burned down and thousands of people were evacuated in Bastrop County , authorities there said Sunday night . In eastern Texas , a mother and her 18-month-old child died when flames engulfed their mobile home near Gladewater , the Gregg County Sheriff 's Department said . State and local officials in Louisiana had reported flooding over the weekend in numerous parishes , including Iberia , Terrebonne , Plaquemines , St. Bernard , St. Tammany and Jefferson . Crews in Crown Point , Louisiana , were scrambling Monday to create makeshift levees aimed at protecting homes from water that was creeping out of the Intracoastal Waterway . New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu told reporters Sunday that the storm had dumped 10 to 13 inches of rain on the city and brought wind gusts of up to 50 mph . But New Orleans is otherwise fully functional , with all 24 pump stations in the city "  100 % operational " and roughly 200 people without power , down significantly from Saturday , the mayor said . Lee is expected to dump considerable rain in the East -- including New Jersey , New York and Vermont , where grounds are drenched and rivers are already full after Irene . The hurricane center noted Sunday night that "  flooding rains  are  expected to spread from the Gulf Coast to the Appalachians . " CNN 's Jacqui Jeras , John Branch and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : 20,000 Georgia Power customers lose electricity Authorities report more than 100 homes damaged Mississippi flooding kills 1 ; teen missing off Alabama Gulf Coast Lee 's winds fuel wildfires in Texas , where at least two died in a blaze
Bab al-Salama , Syria  CNN  -- It 's raining on the camp , and water is seeping into the unheated tents . Women use long brooms to try to sweep muddy water out from in between their shelters . They stack up foam sleeping pads and roll up blankets , in a vain attempt to keep them from getting soaked . When artillery rumbles in the distance , the camp 's residents do n't even flinch . Like so many of the other children here , 9-year-old Mohammed Hoot is wandering around the camp , bored . To keep his head dry , Mohammed wears an oversized leather jacket over his head . Inside a pair of plastic sandals , his feet are bare , unprotected from the puddles and plummeting temperatures . "  We 've been living here for a month ... it 's too small , it 's not big enough for us , " the surprisingly vocal little boy says , pointing at the tent where he and nine other family members sleep at night . Hoot 's family fled fighting in Aleppo , Syria 's largest city , like many of the more than 6,000 people living in this rain-soaked camp , erected in a border customs compound on the Syrian side of the border with Turkey . "  We want to enter Turkey ... they are not letting us in , " says Hoot . Photos : Life inside refugee camp | Refugees face brutal winter The Turkish government says it no longer has room to house displaced Syrians in the 14 refugee camps it is currently operating on Turkish soil . Unsafe in Syria , unwanted in Turkey , these people are living in limbo . They are but a fraction of the legions of Syrians made homeless by the war . According to the United Nations ' admittedly conservative estimates , the conflict has pushed close to two million Syrians out of their homes . In other words , roughly one in 10 Syrians is now living on the run . The U.N. says some 1.2 million Syrians are displaced inside Syria . Meanwhile , more than half a million Syrians have registered with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees after fleeing across borders . And there are more coming every day . "  Since the beginning of November , the number of registered refugees region-wide has risen by about 3,200 a day , " the UNHCR announced this week . More : Refugee figures only part of the crisis Agency officials estimate there are hundreds of thousands of additional Syrian refugees who have not registered with local authorities in Turkey , Lebanon , Jordan and Egypt , because they are surviving off of their savings or the hospitality of friends and relatives . But after more than 20 months of conflict , there are signs that resources for wealthier refugees are running out . "  A lot of the increase is from people who are in neighboring countries but they 've run out of everything , " said Ron Redmond , a UNHCR spokesman in Beirut . "  Some of them have already been displaced internally for weeks and months moving from place to place and they are now coming out . And some of them are in a weakened state and the cold weather is certainly a danger to them , especially the children , " Redmond added . "  And these are people who lived a good life at one time . They had nice homes , they had good apartments , they had cars . " As Syrian refugees go , Ali Moraly knows he is one of the luckier ones . After he ran away from Syria three months ago , Moraly had enough money and connections to rent a small one-room apartment in Istanbul , where he practices his violin daily . More : Inside Syria 's underground TV channel "  I feel so much ashamed of myself , being in a warm place and having my violin with me and playing music while people have to stand in long queues in order to have something to eat , " he says . Insecurity and a feeling of hopelessness drove him to pack his bags and leave his home and parents in Damascus , possibly forever . "  I used to practice the violin while hearing gunshots just go by my window , " Moraly recalls . Now , this 32-year-old violinist -- who used to perform at the Damascus Opera House -- is one of the faceless millions of Syrians now living on the run . "  The moment when you know that this time , if you just pack and leave , you might not be able to decide the time when you come back ... that itself is a very painful experience , " Moraly says . More : Rebels say endgame in sight The exiled musician tries remain optimistic about the conflict that is ravaging his homeland . "  If this is a part of a process which will make my country more free and a more promising nation that will have tolerance and social fairness and equality , then this the price that we have to pay , " he explains . Moraly 's future is uncertain . He does not know where he will be living several months from now , and he has no idea when he will be reunited with his sister , who fled with her husband and children to the U.S. , or with his parents , who remain in Damascus . Like so many others , Moraly focuses on the present , unable to plan for the future . "  We do n't think about the future any more , all we are waiting for is the toppling of the regime , " says Adham Ismail , a 24-year-old resident of the camp in Bab al Salama . He speaks while trimming a defected soldier 's hair in the makeshift barber shop he set up in his tent . He has a message for the international community . "  I want people to feel our pain , " says Ismail , who is bundled up in a sweatshirt and coat for warmth . "  These are Arabs , these are humans . I just want people to feel for us . " That appeal for empathy is echoed by the lone Syrian violinist now living on the banks of Istanbul 's Bosphorus Strait . "  If you look at these people as your brothers in humanity , " Moraly says , after completing a mournful rendition of Niccolo Paganini 's Caprice No. 6 , "  then you should know that what is happening to them might happen to you one day . "	Turkey say it 's out of room for displaced Syrian in its 14 refugee camps U.N. : Since November , registered refugees region-wide rising by 3,200 a day Refugee : "  I want people to feel our pain . These are Arabs , these are humans . "
Washington  CNN  -- It 's the wildest dream of tea party extremists : the ultimate political comeuppance for the liberal President they love to hate . Since the day Barack Obama got elected to the White House , they have wanted to force him out . First , it was the birth certificate . Then , it was the bailouts . A succession of other allegedly impeachable issues followed : IRS targeting , the Benghazi terrorist attack , executive branch overreach . But it 's not going to happen , even if Republicans take back the Senate and retain their House majority in the November congressional elections . Here 's why : No chance : The numbers just do n't add up . Under the most optimistic election result for Republicans , they would be far short of the two-thirds Senate majority needed to convict Obama if the House passed articles of impeachment . Also , a CNN/ORC International Poll last week showed nearly that two in three respondents opposed impeaching the President . GOP leaders such as House Speaker John Boehner know all that , and so they 're trying to tamp down the expectations of their conservative base . "  We have no plans to impeach the President , " Boehner said this week . "  We have no future plans . " GOP-led House authorizes lawsuit against Obama House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , who may have presidential ambitions in 2016 , also quashed the possibility , saying Wednesday that "  this does not rise to the high crimes and misdemeanors level " of impeachment . ` Stop just hatin ' all the time ' : Meanwhile , Obama and Democrats talk up the threat to raise money and inspire their supporters to turn out in November . "  Do n't boo . Vote , " Obama told a Kansas City , Missouri , crowd that voiced its displeasure Wednesday over GOP tactics he criticized . The President cited the vote by House Republicans authorizing Boehner to sue him over executive actions , saying Congress should instead be passing legislation . "  They 're mad because I 'm doing my job , " Obama said of his Republican foes , urging them to "  stop just hatin ' all the time . " Top House Democrat : ` You bet we 're going to run ' on impeachment In debate before Wednesday night 's vote , House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi made sure to link the lawsuit proposal to possible impeachment down the road , calling it a first step to trying to oust the President next year . The issue resonates with Democratic supporters , according to Rep. Steve Israel of New York , who chairs the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . The group has raised $ 7.6 million online since Boehner announced the lawsuit plan just over five weeks ago , he said . "  You bet we 're going to run on a Congress that is just obsessed with lawsuits , suing the President , talking about impeaching him instead of solutions for the middle class , talking about jobs and infrastructure , " he said . ` Not how America works ' : It all makes for grand Washington theater in an election year but reflects deeper political undercurrents , particularly for a right wing already divided between diehard conservatives and more moderate Republicans . Brown University political scientist Wendy Schiller called impeachment a "  farfetched " maneuver that could cause independent voters leaning Republican now to instead vote Democratic in November . "  It reflects in the Republican Party the idea that if you lose an election , you can use every means possible to nullify the result , " she said . "  That 's just not how America works . " Jonathan Chait , a writer who predicted four years ago in a New Republic article that House Republicans would vote to impeach Obama before his presidency ended , said Wednesday that he now doubts that will happen . Missteps by Republicans , including primary defeats of viable candidates by conservative extremists and the government shutdown they forced last year , "  really convinced the establishment that they could n't indulge the base on all its flights of fancy , " Chait said . GOP pivot : Now Boehner and others want to steer their base away from impeachment , he said , noting that they fear getting pushed into holding a vote that would be politically damaging . In dismissing an impeachment move , Boehner and Ryan sought to shift the blame for any discussion about it onto Democrats and the White House . Boehner called it a Democratic fundraising "  scam , " adding , "  They 're trying to rally their people to give money and to show up in this year 's elections . " Obama lambastes Republicans for ` hatin ' all the time ' Asked about the accusation , White House spokesman Josh Earnest offered a list of Republican legislators who have discussed impeaching Obama in recent months , including Reps. Steve King of Iowa , Ted Yoho of Florida and Steve Stockman and Blake Farenthold of Texas . The challenge to Boehner and other GOP leaders is to find a middle path between tea party demands to impeach Obama and less extreme options for action , such as the lawsuit . An impeachment effort after the November election would dominate Washington in the final two years of Obama 's presidency , posing possible benefits and risks . It would divert attention from congressional dysfunction contributing to dismal approval ratings but also could cause the public to blame Republicans for exacerbating that dysfunction . "  We 've got a lot of tools at our disposal , " Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma said , citing such steps as cutting funding for some parts of government disproportionate to the problems . "  Nor do I think you ought to do things in a legislative sense to harass the President , " said Cole , who is a Boehner ally . "  We 've got a disagreement between the two branches , and this is not uncommon . You go to court , and that 's what we 're seeking to do . " Nixon : The impeachment proceedings against President Richard Nixon and his subsequent resignation still rankle many Republicans today , 40 years later . It was an event that made efforts to remove a sitting president part of routine political discussion in America . A GOP-led House voted to impeach President Bill Clinton on charges of perjury and obstruction in 1998 . The Senate acquitted him on both charges , with none of the minority Democrats voting to convict , and he stayed in office . Today , any Republican with presidential ambitions -- such as Ryan , perhaps -- wants to avoid making impeachment a reflex response to dissatisfaction with the White House , Schiller noted . "  If you want to be president some day , " she said , "  the last thing you want is for Congress to be able willy-nilly to impeach you . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Kevin Liptak and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Tea party dream of ousting the President not realistic Republican leaders try to tamp down far right 's expectations Democrats happy to raise money off the issue Analyst says nullifying elections is "  just not how America works "
Washington  CNN  -- The front end of HealthCare.gov is working better , but many problems identified in the days after its launch persist , according to a team of Web engineers . Media Temple is a private web-hosting company that analyzed the public-facing side of the site days after its disastrous October 1 launch , and again this week for CNN . "  It 's getting better , but it looks like there 's still a lot to do , " Media Temple president and COO Russ Reeder said . "  So whether that 's three weeks or three months , I ca n't tell . " A week after the site went live , a team of Reeder 's engineers found a slew of out-of-date Web applications , poorly written code , testing code and unnecessary data transmitted to users at each login that should have been stored on local servers or computers for quicker access through a process called caching . House passes proposed GOP Obamacare changes All of these mistakes broke with best practices for Web coding . "  They 're not following the proper protocol when you deal with a website that 's going to get a lot of traffic , " Reeder said on October 8 . More than a month later , many of these problems still exist . "  So far , it does not look like much has changed on the front end , " one engineer wrote in his analysis . The site is still not properly routing data to servers closer to individual users , a practice that helps speed up response times , but is still sending information to too many unnecessary third-party web tools , although there appear to be fewer than in the early days , he continued . It is still loading far too much unnecessary code and there still appears to be needless testing code in the final front-end product . Obamacare : What now ? Jeff Zients , the management expert brought in by the White House to oversee the site 's repair , repeated the administration 's assurances that "  most users " will be able to navigate from start to enrollment by the end of the month . "  As we prioritize fixes on HealthCare.gov , we focus on system performance and functionality , things like site stability , speed and usability that make a real difference to the consumer , " Zeints told reporters on a conference call on Friday . "  But to be clear as you would experience with any major new site , new bugs and other glitches will surface in December and beyond and as they surface we will fix them , " he said . Two of the engineers who participated in the second analysis wrote that things were getting better . The site looks "  a lot cleaner , " one wrote , and another noted that there was less extra code than last time he looked . "  You can tell from the website that there are people working it and making changes , " Reeder said . "  And those changes are good . There are still many changes they can still make . " Reeder and his team had no special access to the back-end of HealthCare.gov , where most of the functionality problems exist . All of these mistakes are visible from the end , Reeder emphasized , which raises questions about the structure of rest of the site . Bachmann : I lost my insurance under Obamacare The Obama administration official in charge of overseeing the site , Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Director Administrator Marilyn Tavenner , testified at a congressional hearing earlier this month that HealthCare.gov would be "  fully functioning " by the end of the month . But Obama , himself , appeared to lower expectations on Thursday when he discussed the issue with reporters . "  The website will work much better on November 30th , December 1st , than it worked certainly on October 1st , " he said before quickly acknowledging , "  That 's a pretty low bar . " "  The majority of people who go to the website will see a website that is working the way it 's supposed to , " he continued . "  I think it is not possible for me to guarantee that 100 percent of the people 100 percent of the time going on this website will have a perfectly seamless , smooth experience . We 're going to have to continue to improve it even after November 30th , December 1st . "	"  It 's getting better but it looks like there 's still a lot to do , " analyst says of HealthCare.gov An engineer writes in his analysis : "  It does not look like much has changed on the front end " Site is still loading too much unnecessary code , report says , which is slowing it down
TIME.com  -- Buildings can earn LEEDS certification for being energy efficient , so why should n't they qualify for being good for our health ? Sustainable homes and "  green " living have been popular trends in real estate for years now , but the latest buzzwords for buildings focus on their occupants . While hotels and spas have increasingly marketed wellness environments to attract health-minded consumers , real estate company Delos , which focuses on so-called wellness properties , is pushing the idea into residences . The company recently partnered with Columbia University Medical Center to conduct a four-year review of 4,000 scientific studies relating to health and the environment , including building technologies . Their findings are now part of a database that helps builders create spaces that are more health - and wellness-friendly . TIME.com : From ` World of Warcraft ' to weight loss Here 's how it works . The data that the team of medical experts , policymakers and designers developed comprise a new certification standard that Delos calls WELL . To meet the WELL Building Standard , spaces must contribute to a person 's well being by providing , among other amenities , filtered or purified air and water , as well as adequate opportunities for fitness , and even psychological comfort and nourishment in the form of proper lighting to balance mood and reduce stress . Some properties even contain behind-the-walls features such as UV sanitizers and air filters that get rid of bacteria and toxins . "  Why stop at building homes or offices or hotels that are good for just the environment ? Why not also build these structures so that they are good for the people who live in them and work in them and stay in them ? -LSB- We 're -RSB- pushing that sustainability intention beyond just environmental and into human or biological considerations , " says Delos founder Paul Scialla . For now , spaces designed by other developers require a partnership with Delos in order to earn the WELL designation . During this pilot phase , the standards are not public as they are with LEED certification , and the specific criteria -- levels of acceptable allergens or other air particles , for example -- are only available to developers who agree to meet the specifications in building their space . TIME.com : The hazards lurking at home The inspiration is in line with hotels that are turning more to wellness principles when designing its rooms and public spaces -- a smart decision since health and wellness-related services contribute to an estimated $ 2 trillion industry annually . Corporate offices are slower to the trend , but are also starting to incorporate more health-focused design and environments , from filtered air to fitness facilities . Hilton and Hyatt hotels , for example , go to great lengths to accommodate guests with allergies . Both use the PURE certification , which provides allergy-free hotel rooms that boast surfaces -- both hard and soft -- that are treated to minimize bacterial growth , and in-room filtration systems that remove potential allergens or pollutants . The hypoallergenic rooms claim to be 99 % allergen free and are re-certified every six months . On the fitness side , in 2011 , Westin rolled out WestinWORKOUT rooms , which transformed hotel rooms into mini-gyms complete with a treadmill or stationary bike , dumbbells , fitness DVDs , resistance bands and stability balls . Similarly , the TRYP by Wyndham New York City keeps its fitness rooms stocked with an exercise bike and complementary exercise clothes . "  We know that 53 % of travelers say that they always or often try to exercise when they 're on the road , " says Brian Povinelli , Westin 's Global Brand Leader . "  Our brand mission is to enable our guests to pursue their well-being when on the road . With the brand 's dedicated WestinWORKOUT Rooms , hotel guests are able to fit their regular cardio , strength training , or exercise routines into their hectic travel schedules with the added luxury of a private workout at any time . " While some of these programs are undoubtedly marketing efforts to compete for consumers , there is a body of research suggesting that design can make a difference in health . For instance , the University of Tulsa 's Indoor Air Program studies ways to improve indoor air quality in homes , schools and workplace environments . Currently , its scientists looking at the differences in various types of flooring to see how each impacts dust collection , cleaning methods and recirculation of settled particles . This particular project is focused on finding healthier breathing environments for students in schools . As for the allergy-free claims made by hotels ? The researchers warn guests to be skeptical and keep in mind that while the room may be relatively sanitized , people may bring with them allergens that ca n't always be whisked away . "  It really depends on what is being used ; some air sanitizers can actually trigger allergy symptoms , " says Dr. Richard Shaughnessy , director of research and manager of the university 's Indoor Air Program . "  Can you make a better hotel room ? Sure , but I do n't know how they get to the 99 % allergen-free . I do n't know what they 're basing it on . There are things you can do to make an environment more allergy-friendly , but you have to know the details . " TIME.com : Is the ` Food of the Future ' really a nutrition solution ? Fitness claims are a bit easier to swallow . For its fitness-inspired designs , Delos studied ways to take advantage of living spaces to encourage beneficial physical activities . Some bathrooms in Delos properites , for example , include heated floor stones instead of tile to mimic the therapeutic effects of hot stone reflexology . " -LSB- We thought about how design could -RSB- encourage people to walk on surfaces that are more conducive to joint health , -LSB- so we considered -RSB- things like posture and supportive flooring , " says Scialla . Indoor lighting is another important element of the WELL Building certification . Scialla says the challenges real estate has with lighting are pretty extreme . Now that we spend that majority of our time indoors , we lose our natural connections to light , and circadian rhythms are thrown off . "  We took a lot of time studying the effects of indoor light on a person 's natural circadian rhythms , on their activity level during the day , and on their sleeping patterns at night . We are very pleased with the program we have come up with that make use of different types of light and intelligent placement of these different types of light to make sure the body 's circadian rhythm is not disrupted , " says Scialla . The company has developed several Stay Well Rooms at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas , which have built-in amenities that range from dawn simulator alarm clocks to naturally awaken the body to an air purification system . Delos is finishing up its first residential homes in New York 's Greenwich Village neighborhood that will bring these same concepts to people 's every day dwellings . And by early 2014 , the company plans to start construction of the Bloc , the first WELL Certified block of residences and commercial spots in downtown Los Angeles . So far , hotels and residential living developers have expressed an interest in the WELL certification , and the company says corporations are also eager to learn about how to both design and certify wellness-friendly work environments . By this fall , more Delos-designed spots will be open for consumers and home-owners to figure out for themselves whether their homes can really make them healthier . This story was originally published on TIME.com & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Real estate company is creating a database to help builders create healthy spaces Properties with WELL Building Standard will have adequate fitness opportunities These buildings will also have filtered air and water , and proper lighting to reduce stress
At least 120 people were killed and 270 others wounded on Friday when two suicide bombers blew themselves up and gunmen opened fire on a Muslim congregation at Friday prayers in the central mosque in northern Nigeria 's largest city of Kano , a rescue official said . The official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , said the toll could rise , as some of the wounded were in critical condition and may not survive . A third bomb exploded outside the mosque among a crowd of worshipers . The attacks come two weeks after the emir of Kano , Muhammad Sanusi II , one of Nigeria 's most influential monarchs , called for self-defense , urging people to procure arms and fight Islamist militant group Boko Haram , which has a significant presence in the area . The emir made the call at the same mosque where Friday 's attack occurred . Although there was no immediate claim of responsibility , Boko Haram is the main suspect . Many believe the attacks were reprisals for the emir 's call to arms against the terror group . A CNN reporter at the morgue of the Murtala Mohammed Specialist Hospital -- one of two hospitals treating victims of the attacks -- counted 94 bodies and was told by a health professional involved in collecting bodies that 38 bodies already had been identified and taken by relations for burial . "  We have around 140 dead bodies brought from the mosque and more than 160 being treated for various injuries , " the health professional said , asking not to be named because he was not authorized to speak on casualties . "  This is only for this hospital . Other corpses and wounded victims have been taken to Nassarawa Specialist Hospital , " he said . At Nassarawa Specialist Hospital , a rescue worker said the facility had received scores of injured and dead . "  We brought in more than 150 people injured in the attack at the mosque along with dozens of dead bodies , " the rescue worker said . Hundreds of relations have thronged the morgues and emergency units of the two hospitals to identify their dead relations and tend for those wounded , with doctors and nurses overstretched by the huge number of casualties . At the Murtala Mohammed hospital , relatives were taking turns entering the morgue in groups to identify loved ones killed in the attacks , then to take bodies for burial after documentation by morgue attendants . National police spokesman Emmanuel Ojukwu said the two bombers detonated explosives strapped to their bodies within short intervals while gunmen opened fire on worshipers who were trying to escape . At least three men , wearing explosives and armed with AK-47s , arrived in a Toyota Sienna van and opened fire on people fleeing the mosque , Kano Deputy Police Commissioner Sanusi N. Lemo told reporters . An irate mob pursued the gunmen who had opened fire on worshipers , and people in the mob killed the gunmen , Ojukwu and witnesses said . "  The fact that the people pursued and killed the gunmen with bare hands shows the people have heeded to the call of the emir to fight back , " said resident Sani Akarami . The emir , who had urged resistance against Boko Haram , was not at the mosque when the attack took place . He is in Saudi Arabia on a pilgrimage , sources close to the emir said . If Boko Haram is found to be responsible for these latest attacks it would be the second worst attack on Kano by the militants . On January 20 , 2012 at least 185 people were killed and scores injured in coordinated bomb and shooting attacks on security formations in the city by Boko Haram gunmen . Kano is one of the areas where Boko Haram has fought an anti-government campaign to institute Sharia , or Islamic law . Attacks attributed to the group in Kano include a wave of bombings that killed 180 people in one day in 2012 and a suicide bombing that killed six people , including three police officers , at a gas station this month . Boko Haram , which means "  Western education is a sin , " still is believed to be holding more than 200 girls it abducted in April from a school in Chibok , Borno state . Also this month , Boko Haram 's leader said the girls had been converted to Islam and married off , and he denied the government 's claim that it had reached a ceasefire agreement with the group . President Goodluck Jonathan extended his condolences to the victims of the mosque attack and directed officials to conduct a full-scale investigation , Nigerian state broadcaster NTA .	Reporter counts 94 bodies at one hospital A rescue official says at least 120 dead , more deaths likely among injured No group has claimed responsibility for the attack in Kano , in northern Nigeria The blasts come in a city where Islamist group Boko Haram has waged anti-government attacks
Berlin  CNN  -- A German lawmaker who met Edward Snowden in Moscow on Thursday said Friday that the National Security Agency leaker offered to testify in front of the U.S. Congress . "  He did n't present himself as an enemy of America , quite the opposite , " German member of parliament Hans-Christian Stroebele told reporters in Berlin Friday . Stroebele said he had suggested Snowden testify before German lawmakers and that the former NSA contractor responded that in fact he wants to testify in Washington . Snowden said he might go to Germany , if he gets assurances that he could stay in a safe place afterward without being deported to the United States , said Stroebele , a well-known leftist legislator in Germany . However , Snowden 's attorney , Anatoly Kucherena , told reporters in Moscow that his client would not be leaving Russia to testify on the U.S. spying allegations . Kucherena said he would advise Snowden not to testify at all if it is not in his client 's best interest . Snowden has been in Moscow since June , having fled there from Hong Kong . In August , after he spent five weeks holed up at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport , Russia granted him asylum for one year . Snowden : ` Heartened by the response ' Stroebele returned from the meeting with Snowden on Thursday with a letter from the NSA leaker to German authorities , which was distributed to the media . In the letter , Snowden says he is "  looking forward to speaking " with German authorities in Germany "  when the situation is resolved " -- a reference to the current efforts by the United States to extradite him . Snowden also wrote that he was "  heartened by the response to my act of political expression , in both the United States and beyond . "  Citizens around the world as well as high officials -- including in the United States -- have judged the revelation of an unaccountable system of pervasive surveillance to be a public service . " The benefits of this knowledge to society are becoming increasingly clear , and the "  claimed risks are being shown to have been mitigated , " he added . Stroebele said he did n't know if Snowden had sent a similar letter to other governments in Latin America or elsewhere . The United States has charged Snowden with espionage and theft of government property . The 30-year-old collected information on spy programs -- in which the National Security Agency mined phone and Internet metadata from thousands of people inside and outside the United States -- and exposed the programs to the media , prompting uproar at home and abroad . German outrage Snowden 's letter to German authorities comes amid outrage among many German leaders about claims that an NSA surveillance operation targeted German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone . Snowden "  is an important witness for Germany , " said Stroebele . But asked if Snowden could testify to German authorities via video link from Moscow , Stroebele said that could be problematic for several reasons . He suggested Snowden would be more limited in what he could say if he were in Moscow than if he were in Germany . So long as Snowden has asylum in Russia , he needs to avoid doing anything that would negatively affect his status there , the lawmaker said . In his closing remarks , Stroebele said that although the United States believes that Snowden has committed a serious offense , he believes he should not be penalized because his revelations have benefited the world . Stroebele also said Snowden , who was due to start a new job in Russia on Friday , appeared to be in good health . Kucherena told CNN on Thursday that the job was with a major Russian website but declined to give the employer 's name for security reasons . He told Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti that Snowden would perform maintenance for the site . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Berlin and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko , Diana Magnay and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Edward Snowden wo n't leave Russia to testify on U.S. spying claims , attorney says Snowden would like to testify in Washington , German lawmaker says Stroebele : "  He did n't present himself as an enemy of America , quite the opposite " Snowden would like to go to Germany if he were safe from extradition , Stroebele said
CNN  -- New York City agreed on Wednesday to pay nearly $ 18 million to settle the civil rights claims of thousands of people arrested during the 2004 Republican National Convention that nominated George W. Bush for a second presidential term . New York police engaged in mass arrests of more than 1,800 protesters , bystanders , legal observers and journalists during the event . Michael Schiller , a documentary maker working for HBO , said he was caught in police netting and arrested while attempting to film protesters from a sidewalk in Lower Manhattan . "  Police rolled out orange nets and I was caught in one of those nets and I ended up spending 28 hours in a temporary jail they created on the West Side Highway in an old bus depot , " Schiller said , adding that he was detained in overcrowded and dirty conditions . "  The ground was covered in oil and stuff that comes out of buses , " Schiller said , "  There was n't enough seating . Men and women were separated in different pens . Everyone was covered in this filthy black . People had abrasions and lesions from their skin touching the oil . " The New York Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit against the City of New York in October 2004 on behalf of Schiller and others , claiming their constitutional rights had been violated . Schiller represents one of more than 430 people who brought lawsuits against the city and the police . Another 1,200 were included in a class-action lawsuit . According to the city law department , New York and the New York City Police Department defended itself against the lawsuits , maintaining that the conduct of the police had been constitutional and that its goal was keep order and prevent the protests from spiraling . In October 2012 , a federal District Court ruled that the Fulton Street mass arrests were unconstitutional and urged for a settlement of the remaining cases . The result was Wednesday 's agreement . Approved by U.S. District Judge Richard Sullivan , the settlement includes $ 10.3 million for all individuals arrested during the RNC , and $ 7.6 million for attorneys ' fees , costs and expenses , according to a press release by the Law Department . Christopher Dunn , NYCLU associate legal director and Schiller 's lawyer , said there is a substantial range of individual settlement rewards . "  They vary depending on how long people were in detention , the conditions they were in , and the outcome of their criminal cases , " Dunn said . Schiller did not comment when asked about his personal settlement . The average payout per plaintiff is about $ 6,400 , according to a news release by the Law Department . "  The quantity of money that the city has spent on this is outrageous in the sense that this is money that could go to New York City public schools or New York City hospitals that are closing left and right and New York City fire departments , " Schiller said . Schiller produced a documentary , "  The After Party , " about his case . "  I think that in some ways it really is a victory for democracy and freedom of speech and freedom of the press , " Schiller said . Is free speech on mute during the conventions ?	1,800 protesters were arrested in New York during 2004 Republican National Convention A joint settlement is resolved between the city and protesters after nine years in litigation The average payout per plaintiff is about $ 6,400
CNN  -- Actor Gary Coleman , who had suffered from intracranial brain bleeding and was on life support in the intensive care unit of a Utah hospital , has died , a hospital spokeswoman said Friday . Family members and close friends were at his side when life support was terminated , Janet Frank said . Coleman , 42 , fell ill at his Santaquin , Utah , home Wednesday evening and was rushed by ambulance to a hospital , the spokesman said in a statement released Friday . He was then taken to another hospital -- Utah Valley Regional Medical Center in Provo -- later Wednesday night , the spokesman said . Coleman one of TV 's brightest stars in '70s and '80s The former child actor was "  conscious and lucid " Thursday morning , but he "  was slipping in and out of consciousness and his condition worsened , " the spokesman said . Coleman became unconscious and was placed on life support Thursday afternoon , the statement , which was released by the hospital , said . Coleman is best known as the wisecracking youngster Arnold Drummond on TV 's "  Diff ` rent Strokes " from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s . "  In recent years Gary Coleman has had difficulties , not only with health issues , but also with his personal and public life , " his spokesman 's statement said . "  At times , it may not have been apparent , but he always has had fond memories of being an entertainer and appreciates his fans for all their support over the years . At this critical moment , we can only ask for your thoughts and prayers for Gary to make a speedy and full recovery . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Coleman suffered a brain hemorrhage Wednesday Actor was awake and talking Thursday morning Coleman became unconscious Thursday afternoon He was placed on life support in the ICU
CNN  -- Ukraine is days away from getting a new president , though seemingly much longer from securing a lasting peace -- as demonstrated yet again Thursday , with its military and separatists continuing to face off in eastern and southern parts of the country . As has been true for weeks , the deadly clashes are centered in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions . Pro-Russian separatists have seized two military bases , and civilian deaths have been reported . Ukrainian National Guard troops on Thursday blocked the main road between the cities of Donetsk and Slovyansk , a hotbed for separatists . Slovyansk itself appeared relatively calm , though there was a real potential the area could erupt at any moment with military and separatist positions separated by less than 1 kilometer . In nearby Krasny Liman , a Ukrainian flag flew over City Hall after government troops took over that community from separatist forces . This turnover followed two days of heavy fighting , with residents reporting they heard firing overnight . Still , any celebration had to be muted by the fact that militants remain close by , dug in on a main road several miles east of the city . These tensions simmered while , hundreds of miles away in Brussels , Belgium , the situation in Ukraine dominated a meeting of G7 leaders . U.S. President Barack Obama threatened more economic sanctions against Russia -- which many in the West accuse of fomenting instability and violence in Ukraine by allowing weapons into the region and supporting separatists -- unless it takes key steps in the coming weeks . Obama warns Russia about continued meddling Those include recognizing Petro Poroshenko , who recently won the first national election since the unrest began last November , as Ukraine 's President when he is inaugurated Saturday . Until now , the Kremlin has refused to recognize the legitimacy of the Kiev-based government that took over after the ouster of then-President Viktor Yanukovych . Neither Poroshenko nor his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , ruled out the possibility of meeting when they are in France over the coming days . If they do , they 'll have their work cut out for them , given the deep divisions about what 's happened in Ukraine and what should happen next . Still , the two countries appear to be coming together at least in one respect : Russia 's ambassador to Ukraine , Mikhail Zurabov , will attend Poroshenko 's inauguration , according to state-run RIA Novosti . " -LSB- Zurabov -RSB- is returning to Kiev in order to continue executing his functions , " added Russian foreign ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich . Conflicting accounts in heightened eastern Ukraine fighting Obama vows to stand with Ukraine as he meets President-elect in Poland CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : State media : Russian ambassador will go to Ukraine president 's inauguration Ukraine 's Luhansk , Donetsk regions remain focal points of unrest Ukrainian troops block a main road between Donetsk and Slovyansk The military takes over Krasny Liman , though militants are dug in nearby
CNN  -- Singer-impressionist-comedian Danny Gans died early Friday at his Las Vegas , Nevada , home , according to the hotel where he was based . Danny Gans was one of Las Vegas ' top entertainers and recently moved to the Encore Theatre . Gans , 52 , was voted Las Vegas "  Entertainer of the Year " for 11 of the 13 years he was based there . There was no immediate word on the cause of death . "  Everybody knew that when they came to Vegas , the one show they had to see was Danny Gans , " said Robin Leach , who covers the Vegas entertainment scene on his Web site . Hotel mogul Steve Wynn , who signed Gans to star in his Encore Theatre in February , said he was "  devastated at the loss of our brilliant , talented and loving friend . " "  One of the most unique human beings and entertainers in the world has been taken from us in an unexpected moment , " Wynn said . "  A profoundly tragic event that leaves us all sad and speechless . " Gans is survived by his wife , Julie , two daughters and a son . "  When he landed the residencies here in Vegas , he was thrilled that he would be able to go home every night to Julie and the three kids , " Leach said . His long Vegas run began in 1996 , when he gave up his one-man Broadway show and a tour schedule of 200 shows a year for a three-month gig at the Stratosphere Hotel . He signed a nine-year deal to play in his own 1,250-seat theater at the Mirage Hotel starting in 2000 . Some reports put the contract at $ 200 million . When that expired early this year , Gans moved to the Encore Theatre , which sits between the Encore Hotel and the Wynn Las Vegas hotel . "  He was an absolute genius with the art of impersonation , " Leach said . "  There was nobody that he could n't imitate , and he was uncanny . " Gans was working on an impersonation of President Obama , which he considered a tough assignment , Leach said . Watch Gans speak with Larry King " The easiest voice to imitate , Gans told Leach , was TV host Regis Philbin . "  When Regis came to see the show , Regis said , ' I thought I was talking out loud , ' " Leach said . Being great at being other people can limit your own fame , Leach said . "  Impersonating other stars does n't give you too many opportunities out there in mainstream show business , to be honest , " he said . "  But what he did was the best there was in the business , and Vegas was the ultimate place to perform that act . " Gans released an album of his musical impersonations this year , but his records have not sold well outside Las Vegas , Leach said . Gans , however , never aspired to be a global household name , he said . "  There was no lust for fame outside the fame he had here in this valley , " Leach said . "  I think he would have been very successful if he jumped on that treadmill of insanity . " The biography on his personal Web site says that out of college , Gans played minor league baseball for two years , until a career-ending injury . He then turned to entertainment , traveling for 15 years before landing in Vegas .	NEW : "  One show -LSB- Vegas visitors -RSB- had to see was Danny Gans , " said Robin Leach Danny Gans was Las Vegas singer-impressionist-comedian Gans was named Vegas "  Entertainer of the Year " 11 times Gans had own theater at Mirage , later moved to Encore
CNN  -- Using archival footage and photographs , producers Peter Kunhardt and Sheila Nevins made the HBO documentary "  Teddy : In His Own Words , " which follows the life of U.S. Sen. Ted Kennedy . Sen. Ted Kennedy "  worked like a bull " to advance his brothers ' unfinished work , Peter Kunhardt says . The film profiles Kennedy , who died late Tuesday , from birth through his speech last year at the Democratic National Convention . Kunhardt began the project after Kennedy was diagnosed with brain cancer last year . Kunhardt previously profiled Kennedy 's brothers , President John F. Kennedy and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , in similar documentaries for HBO . On Wednesday , CNN asked Kunhardt about the production of the latest profile -- which CNN will show Wednesday night -- and what he learned about the youngest of the Kennedy brothers . CNN : Why focus on Ted Kennedy ? Why were you drawn to him as a subject ? Was it the natural follow-up to your previous work about his brothers ? Peter Kunhardt : I grew up with parents who were liberal Democrats . I remember my mother crying as she listened to the radio report that President Kennedy had been shot . So nearly 20 years ago , when I produced "  JFK : In His Own Words " for HBO , it was a subject I knew and cared a lot about . I knew less about Robert Kennedy when I produced "  Bobby : In His Own Words " a few years later -- and even less about Teddy .  Although my uncle , George Lodge , ran against him for Senate in 1962 .  When I was producing those other documentaries on his brothers , Teddy was in his 50s , he was busy building his own career , and there was never even discussion about producing a program about him . It was too soon . Two decades later , when it was announced he was diagnosed with brain cancer and that he was coming up on nearly half a century in the Senate , HBO and I did n't even have to discuss it . We all instinctively knew it was time . CNN : Did you have preconceived notions about Kennedy that interviews either reinforced or dispelled ? Kunhardt : My preconceived notion was that Teddy was the carefree younger brother who rode his brothers ' coattails and did not work as hard as they did . But , yes , that was dispelled as we dug into his story and as our chief researcher , Jill Cowan , began finding the film to prove otherwise . No Kennedy ever worked harder then Edward Kennedy . I 'd say he was a slow starter , but once he took on the responsibility for his big family in particular and for the Democratic Party in general , he never let up on himself . He worked like a bull . He stumbled plenty of times , he had personal faults , he caused others great pain , but he recognized this , he was pained by this , and each time he picked himself up and worked harder to make himself better . CNN : How did you obtain some of the rarely seen home movies and photographs used in the documentary ? Kunhardt : We simply looked everywhere , and we knew we were onto something that had not been done before when so many sources told us that they had never been asked for Teddy-related material . In fact , often we were transferring 16mm footage that had never been transferred before . Even the networks were surprised by the outtakes we found in their archives . It 's all there , it just took time and a dedicated staff . CNN : Were there any surprises during the filming of the documentary ? Did someone say something remarkable or unexpected about Kennedy ? Did a source material reveal something that is contrary to the Ted Kennedy many assume they know ? Kunhardt : We did no original filming for this documentary ; it is 100 percent created using historical footage and audio that was made during different points of Kennedy 's life . That 's what gives it authenticity , I think . It 's something my partner at HBO , Sheila Nevins , insisted upon . And she was right . So sticking to the "  in his own words " format of those original two docs was the single most important decision we made . CNN : Why do you think Americans cling to an idea of "  Camelot ? " What has Camelot come to mean in the Obama age ? Kunhardt : President Obama himself clings to Camelot -- and made that very clear when he thanked Teddy for his early support . He , like so many Americans , was inspired first by Teddy 's brothers , then by Teddy himself . And one of the things that impressed me was how Teddy Kennedy never ceased to try and continue to advance the unfinished work of his brothers . He was incredibly loyal to them and the causes they represented . I think when someone is rich and powerful and glamorous and stands up for his principles and looks after the neediest Americans and speaks out for the downtrodden around the world , it spells "  Camelot " for a lot of people . CNN : Much has been made of Kennedy 's relationship with President Obama . What did Kennedy say about that and about the relationship itself ? Kunhardt : Kennedy made it very clear that he was handing over the mantle that he had been carrying ever since his brother handed it to him . I think he saw Obama as the embodiment of everything he believed in and everything that he had worked so hard to make happen . It must have been incredibly rewarding for him . CNN : What was Kennedy 's reaction when the subject of Chappaquiddick was broached ? How comfortable was he talking about it ? Kunhardt : Again , we did not conduct a new interview , but instead we knit his story together from his responses to many earlier interview questions . Early on he was incredibly uncomfortable speaking about it , humiliated by it . He seemed to cringe and dodge and lower his head . But over time , he was asked about it so often that he built up a shield , a formula response to deflect the questions that never stopped coming . He knew that a life was lost because of his actions , but he moved on . That 's what he did so often . He just moved on . CNN : What do you think Kennedy believed about how he was publicly perceived , both in politics and in his personal life ? Kunhardt : He knew people loved him and hated him . His last campaign was his hardest , and he realized he had to regain the trust of many whose trust he had lost . And I think during the 80s , when he really did want to be president , he believed that the public would support him , despite Chappaquiddick . But that did not happen . Then , once he resolved to commit himself to the Senate , I think he was surprised that the public would never let go of this idea that he wanted to be president . CNN : What ultimately drove Kennedy as a politician ? Kunhardt : His parents . At his mother 's funeral he said that everything he and his brothers ever did , they did for their parents . And I believe this . He cared deeply about the issues he stood for , but you ca n't forget who instilled the work ethic in him in the first place . Teddy Kennedy was a family man because of the deep influence of his parents , particularly his mother .	Producer Peter Kunhardt : Project started after Kennedy 's cancer diagnosis Documentary uses archived footage , photos Kunhardt : Kennedy "  never let up " to carry on where brothers left off
EW.com  -- Six weeks ago , "  The Avengers " entered theaters and blew everyone 's expectations out of the water with its record-breaking $ 207.4 million debut . In the weeks that followed , though , the box office fell into a bit of a slump . Expensive tentpoles like "  Battleship " and "  Dark Shadows " outright bombed , while major studio fare like "  What to Expect When You 're Expecting " and "  The Dictator " underperformed , and even "  Men In Black 3 's " number one opening felt weak given its predecessors ' strength . Last weekend , "  Snow White and the Hunstman " exceeded industry expectations , giving Hollywood hope that summer 2012 might live up to the hype that "  The Avengers " had suggested . This weekend , "  Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted " and and "  Prometheus " continued to ease any fears that the box office was in trouble with robust debuts in first and second place , respectively . These hefty starts helped the Top 10 films gross $ 169.6 million , up a whopping 30 percent over the same weekend in 2011 , when Super 8 topped the chart . Dreamworks $ 145 million 3-D sequel "  Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted , " which features the voice work of Ben Stiller , Chris Rock , Jada Pinkett Smith , and David Schwimmer as lost Central Park Zoo animals , handily won the weekend with $ 60.4 million , 45 percent of which came from 3-D ticket sales . That 's a touch behind 2008â $ ² s "  Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa , " which started with $ 63.1 million , despite the fact that "  Madagascar 3 " earned more on its opening day than "  Escape 2 Africa "  $ 20.5 million vs. $ 17.5 million  . It looks like this threequel may suffer from a slight case of sequelitis , when franchise films become increasingly front-loaded at the box office as the franchise continues . "  Madagascar 3 " earned a terrific "  A " CinemaScore grade from polled audiences , which were 56 percent female and 54 percent below the age of 25 , and it will benefit from strong word-of-mouth in the weeks to come . Still , "  Madagascar 3 " will likely finish a bit behind the $ 180 million total that "  Escape 2 Africa , " which played during the holiday season , earned domestically . International grosses are already proving to be more substantial , though . "  Madagascar 3 " earned $ 75.5 million overseas this weekend , giving it an early worldwide total of $ 135.9 million . The colorful comedy will face direct competition when Pixar 's "  Brave " debuts in two weeks , but its lighthearted tone and zippy pace may prove more attractive for summer moviegoers . We 'll have to wait and see ! Ridley Scott 's return to sci-fi , "  Prometheus , " invaded theaters in second place with $ 50 million . The $ 130 million Fox thriller , which stars Noomi Rapace , Michael Fassbender , and current box office  ice  queen Charlize Theron , conjured an impressive $ 14,723 per theater average from 3,396 locations  ahead of "  Madagascar 's " $ 14,123 average from 4,258 venues  . "  Prometheus " notched the best debut for an R-rated picture since "  Paranormal Activity 3 's " $ 52.6 million bow in October , but where it goes from here is anyone 's guess . After topping the box office on Friday with $ 21.4 million , "  Prometheus " sank 22 percent on Saturday -- a sure sign of built-in excitement from fanboys and fangirls who rushed to the theater to find out if the film really was an "  Alien " prequel . Discouragingly , "  Prometheus " earned a lukewarm "  B " CinemaScore grade , yet it 's sparking more post-release conversation than any title in recent memory , and although much of the chatter is negative  and filled with over-the-top vitriol for scribe Damon Lindelof  , all the buzz could work in the film 's favor . Word-of-mouth does n't suggest that "  Prometheus " will become this year 's "  Inception , " a thinky thriller-turned-box-office-smash , but its successful debut and ample international receipts  it 's earned $ 91.5 million after two weekends  should have the suits at Fox pretty happy . Last weekend 's fairest movie of them all , "  Snow White and the Huntsman , " bit into the poison apple of competition and dropped 59 percent to $ 23 million during its second frame . The $ 170 million fantasy has earned $ 98.5 million total after ten days , and another $ 83.5 million overseas . Universal is reportedly fast-tracking a sequel for the film , which frankly seems like a rather irrational decision at this point . While a $ 181.5 million worldwide total is nothing to shake a stick scepter at , between the budget , marketing costs , and distribution fees , "  Snow White " has a long way to go before it 's out of the red . Still , Universal must see a path to profitability on the home market and ancillary markets . If the studio does make a sequel , I have one request : Bring back Charlize Theron ! "  Men In Black 3 " held on to fourth place , dropping 52 percent  after losing many 3-D screens to "  Prometheus " and "  Madagascar "  to $ 13.5 million . The $ 230 million sequel has earned a lackluster $ 135.5 million after 17 days -- even without accounting for inflation , both "  Men In Black " and "  Men In Black 2 "  neither of which had 3-D ticket prices working their favor  had earned more money at the same point in their runs , with $ 158.9 million and $ 148.0 million , respectively . The Sony production may finish with about $ 165 million , domestically . Fortunately , international grosses have been powerful , and globally , "  Men In Black 3 " has earned $ 487.6 million total . Whether the film will eventually earn enough to counteract it 's massive negative costs is unclear .  Speaking of negative costs , are you aware that the combined budgets of the Top 5 movies right now total $ 895 million ? Seriously . Rounding out the Top 5 , "  The Avengers " flew to $ 10.8 million in its sixth frame -- a 47 percent drop -- which pushed its total to a truly heroic $ 571.9 million . Worldwide , "  The Avengers " has grossed a jaw-dropping $ 1.396 billion . This year 's second-biggest blockbuster , "  The Hunger Games , " reached a major milestone over the weekend . On its 80th day of release , "  Hunger Games " passed the $ 400 million mark in the United States -- a remarkable feat for a franchise launching pad . With a $ 248 million overseas total , the dystopian thriller has n't exhibited similar box office ubiquity overseas , although this may very well change with future "  Hunger Games " installments . The film 's worldwide total will climb substantially when it opens in China later this month . In limited release , Wes Anderson 's well-liked indie "  Moonrise Kingdom " continues to impress . The young love story picked up $ 1.6 million in 96 theaters , enough for a tenth place finish . "  Moonrise " once again boasted a dazzling per theater average : it 's $ 16,448 average was the best at the box office . After three weekends , the film has earned $ 3.8 million . Fellow indies were met with mixed results . "  Peace , Love , and Misunderstanding " found a weak $ 102,000 out of 30 theaters , which was slightly ahead of Sundance fave "  Safety Not Guaranteed , " which earned $ 100,000 , but was notably playing in just 9 theaters . "  Lola Versus " earned $ 34,100 out of 4 theaters , yielding an $ 8,525 average -- too low to merit major expansions . What did you see this weekend ? Do you think "  Prometheus " will crash and burn from here , or do you think curiosity and buzz will attract more audiences ? Sound off in the comments , box office junkies ! 1 . "  Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted " -- $ 60.4 million 2 . "  Prometheus " -- $ 50.0 million 3 . "  Snow White and the Huntsman " -- $ 23.0 million 4 . "  Men In Black 3 " -- $ 13.5 million 5 . "  The Avengers " -- $ 10.8 million See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted " won the weekend with $ 60.4 million "  Prometheus " invaded theaters in second place with $ 50 million "  Snow White and the Huntsman " dropped 59 percent to $ 23 million
CNN  -- Robin Williams will undergo heart surgery , according to his publicist . Actor-comedian Robin Williams was on an 80-city tour for his one-man show . The 57-year-old actor and comedian postponed his one-man show tour and entered a hospital for testing this week after suffering a shortness of breath . Williams will undergo an aortic valve replacement , the publicist said . "  I 'm so touched by everyone 's support and well wishes , " Williams said in a statement . "  This tour has been amazing fun and I ca n't wait to get back out on the road after a little tune-up . " The publicist would not say when or where the surgery will take place . The surgery is similar to the procedure former first lady Barbara Bush underwent Wednesday . Bush 's surgeon , Dr. Gerald Lawrie , described it as "  a very routine procedure " from the doctors ' perspective . Williams was in the middle of an 80-city tour of his "  Weapons of Self-Destruction " show , which is expected to resume in the fall , the publicist said . His Web site says the shows "  highlight Williams ' trademark free associations and riffs on social and political absurdities . " Williams rose to fame in the mid-1970s as the childlike alien Mork , who first appeared on an episode of "  Happy Days " and then was spun off into his own show , "  Mork and Mindy . " His manic standup comedy , combining impersonations , commentary , jokes and nonsense in high-speed profusion , was and remains his trademark . View a timeline of Williams ' life and career " Williams began his movie career with 1980 's "  Popeye , " but succeeding films , such as 1982 's "  The World According to Garp " and 1984 's "  Moscow on the Hudson , " countered his wild standup persona with quiet , pensive performances .  The performer had attended New York 's famed Juilliard School to study drama in the 1970s , where one of his classmates was Christopher Reeve . It was n't until 1987 's "  Good Morning , Vietnam , " which managed to combine Williams ' frenzied comedy style with more sober drama , that he broke through as a film star . He was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of "  Vietnam 's " DJ Adrian Cronauer . Other Williams films include "  Awakenings "  1990  , "  The Fisher King "  1991  , "  Mrs. Doubtfire "  1993  , "  Good Will Hunting "  1997  and "  Insomnia "  2002  . He won a best supporting actor Oscar for "  Good Will Hunting . " Williams has been active in charitable endeavors , most notably the Comic Relief program , which raises money for various causes . Williams ' current heart problems are n't the first time he 's coped with health issues . In August 2006 , the comedian and actor checked himself into an alcohol rehab center . "  After 20 years of sobriety , Robin Williams found himself drinking again and has decided to take proactive measures to deal with this for his own well-being and the well-being of his family , " his publicist told CNN at the time .	Robin Williams to have aortic valve replacement Williams suffered shortness of breath while on tour with comedy show Actor and comedian won Oscar for performance in "  Good Will Hunting "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- In its opening weekend , "  The Haunting in Connecticut " scared and thrilled millions of moviegoers across the country . In "  The Haunting in Connecticut , " Virginia Madsen sees strange things happen in her old house . The film , which earned $ 23 million to finish No. 2 at the box office , emphasizes psychological horror over slasher film blood 'n' gore , which its audience apparently appreciated . But Virginia Madsen , who plays Sara Campbell in the film , confessed that , while filming , fear was not just reserved for the screen . "  We all stayed in this big , old hotel which was kind of like the one in ` The Shining , ' one of those turn-of-the - century big , old hotels , " Madsen told CNN . "  I had a little chat with my room . I said , ` Just out of respect , if there are any entities around , I need to stay here , I have a lot of work to do , I have to sleep at night , so please leave me alone . ' " Yet , Madsen admitted , her belief in ghosts is not very strong . "  I do have an attraction to paranormal investigation and all those kinds of shows but I 'm not sure if I really believe in ghosts , " she said . "  The Haunting in Connecticut " is based on the true story of Sara Campbell , a mother who moves her family into an old house in Connecticut in order to be closer to the hospital where her son , Matt  Kyle Gallner  , receives cancer treatment . The house was once a funeral home and , shortly after their move , the family begins witnessing strange , supernatural activities . "  Something very powerful and very real happened to this family . Whether or not you believe it was some sort of demon or , you know , they 're manifesting it -- whatever it is -- it changed their lives , " Madsen said . Madsen , 47 , is probably best known for her Oscar-nominated turn in "  Sideways " as Maya Randall , the restaurant waitress who gets involved in a romance with the prickly writer played by Paul Giamatti . Since that 2004 film , the actress has made several films , including "  A Prairie Home Companion " and "  The Number 23 . " She and the rest of the cast developed a close relationship on the set and were much like a family behind the scenes . "  I was more like a mother bear with my young actors , " Madsen said . In fact , Madsen added , her close relationship with the younger actors made filming difficult at times . "  One scene in the movie that was the hardest for me to do was when -LSB- Matt -RSB- wakes up ... and his skin is all carved with these different incantations , " she said . "  And I open his shirt and he 's just looking up at me with these big blue eyes with tears ... and he really felt like my boy , he really felt like my second son . " Madsen said the film , complete with ghosts , séances and creaking floorboards , is successful because it has all the elements of a good horror flick . "  The movie works ... because it plays on our most basic childhood fears . ` Something 's under the bed , something 's in the closet , something 's in the mirror . ' And all of us still have those same childhood terrors , " she said . The desire to experience those same terrors and to forget about everyday life , Madsen added , draws people to the theaters at an older age . "  I like things that go bump in the night , and scary things that are fun , " she said . "  That 's really what this movie really is . I think horror movies are so popular because times are especially hard and I think a horror movie more than any other kind of movie is a true escape ... You 're forgetting about your life because you 're like , ` Oh my God ! ' " CNN 's Elham Khatami contributed to this story .	"  The Haunting in Connecticut " had a successful opening weekend at box office Virginia Madsen , who stars in film , likes "  things that go bump in the night " Madsen , best known for "  Sideways , " took motherly role over young co-stars
CNN  -- Tyra Banks has gone from supermodel to super businesswoman . Tyra Banks shows off her real hair during an appearance on "  Larry King Live . " With her successful TV talk show , "  The Tyra Show , " as well as her duties as host/creator and executive producer of "  America 's Next Top Model , it would seem that Banks has scant room left on her plate . But she recently launched an online magazine called "  TYRA : Beauty Inside and Out . " Banks talked to CNN 's Larry King about her career aspirations , the "  F " word and the story behind her "  real hair . " The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : Are you looking to be Oprah ? Is that it ? Tyra Banks : Am I looking to be Oprah ? Oh , Lord , if I tried , I would fail . King : But you 're approaching it -- magazines , shows , specials . ... Banks : She is like the -- the Godmama , you know ? There will never be another . There never has been and never will be another . But looking to be her -- no . I mean , I -- I started as a model , so there 's a path that 's quite different . King : The last time you were on you were dealing with the "  F " word , meaning fat . You were fighting back . There -LSB- was -RSB- a nonflattering tabloid photo of you -- remember ? In the swimsuit ? Banks : Yes . King : You lost weight since then . Banks : Yes . King : Do you still feel an image pressure ? Do you think -- you think like a fat person ? Banks : I do n't actually . You know , when I -- when I told the world to kiss my fat -- I can say "  ass " right ? King : Yes , you can . Banks : Yes . When I told the world to kiss my fat ass , I remained that size for two years . I maintained it with my ice cream and my salad with ranch and dressing and croutons and bacon bits . Like I -- I did n't look at myself even on television and think that I was too big or -- I do n't know . I did n't -- it did n't connect . But since I have lost a lot of weight , and it started with the -- a weight loss challenge , actually at the top of this year . So I 'm two years after "  kiss my fat ass . " King : When you look in the mirror , are you happy with the way you look ? Banks : I 've -- OK , I might be doing a little TMI -- do you know what TMI is ? Too much information ? Watch Banks discuss her body image " King : Well , give it to me anyway . Banks : I always feel great when I do n't have clothes on . So at home , by myself , walking past ... King : Oh , we 're glad you mean that now . Banks : Just too much information . But I always feel good that way . King : So you do n't look at yourself nude and say , "  Oh , I do n't like this . " You like it ? Banks : No , unless the lighting is bad in the dressing room . But , no . I always feel good . But sometimes certain clothes , when I put them on and they do n't fit the way that I would like them to , that 's when I tend to get self-conscious . King : All right . You kicked off season five of your talk show by revealing your real hair . Banks : Let 's talk about my hair right now . I know it 's been a big mystery . And I was like it was an unsolved mystery , and I felt like I needed to solve this mystery . Like I 've worn weaves and wigs and pieces and clip-ons and clip-outs and clip-downs and around since I was 17 , 18 , and I wanted to show the real me . I wanted to show the raw me , and I just got out of the shower -- beat the face first of course , you all -- and then came out of here -- on this stage , and this is me , you all . This is me . King : How did that feel ? Banks : Oh my God , it felt so liberating . It felt so liberating . I have worn fake hair since I was 17 years old . King : This -- is this real ? Banks : Yes . This is me . You want to feel my scalp ? King : Yes . Banks : Yes ? It 's a little kinky in the scalp . That 's like real black girl hair . But -- go -- go in there . Yes . That 's -- yes . It 's kinky . Exactly . My natural hair texture is very kinky . You felt my real hair texture . This is straightened . This part is straightened . This part is not , inside . But , I mean , hair for black women , we spend $ 9 billion a year on hair products -- black women do . So growing up as a young girl and seeing images in the media where they 're saying that a certain type of hair is beautiful and yours is n't is very difficult for a black woman -- for black women and it 's a -- it 's a long , political thing that we can do a whole show about . But I felt it was my responsibility to show as much of my real hair as possible .	Tyra Banks tells Larry King she is happy with her body image Unflattering photos of the former model had appeared earlier Since then , Banks says she 's lost weight Banks also shows off her natural hair
CNN  -- In response to Russia 's invasion and annexation of parts of Ukraine , President Obama this week announced new sanctions against 11 Russian and Ukrainian officials . These sanctions , issued in concert with similar announcements by the European Union , are wildly disproportionate . Disproportionately small , that is . We are ignoring the lessons of history that demonstrate how unusual and unacceptable invasion and annexation are in the post-World War II era . Russia has unleashed a process of domination and annexation that will lead to territorial acquisition by force . Although this has been roundly condemned rhetorically by many world leaders , including our own , the paltry international response thus far indicates that this aggression is not being taken seriously enough . We do not live in a Napoleonic age when force of arms determines boarders . The United Nations has codified the modern view of the international community -- a view that utterly rejects ancient practices of conquest by force . Further , forceful international reaction to banditry like that of Russian President Vladimir Putin provides the opportunity to reinforce the new norm and the strength of feeling followed by the commitment to enforce it . The sanctions announced by the Obama administration and our European allies not only fail to measure up to those new standards , but this rap on a few knuckles will surely encourage the Russian aggressors and alarm its neighbors . There are no more than 20 instances of attempted aggression , invasion and annexation since the end of World War II . North Vietnam 's conquest of South Vietnam in 1975 followed two decades of war attempting to resist it . Timor was annexed by Indonesia in 1975 , leading to two decades of guerrilla war and eventual independence . The international community never recognized the annexation , and vigorous UN peacekeeping and engagement was critical to solution . Morocco 's annexation of the Western Sahara has led to almost 40 years of war and continuous international efforts at negotiation . The invasion and annexation of Kuwait in 1990 led to a massive international effort to reverse that move , involving a half million American troops . Argentina 's invasion of the Falkland Islands in 1982 was met with full-fledged naval warfare by the forces of the United Kingdom . Russia 's invasion of Ukraine and imminent territorial annexation must be viewed in this historical context . The bogus referendum this past weekend fools no one . The international response so far is to deny visas to a small group of Russian officials and deny them access to whatever property they have stashed abroad . This simply is not enough . Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , and I introduced a resolution earlier this month outlining specific steps we believe the administration should take to sanction and isolate Russia . The full Senate unanimously supported that resolution , yet the administration has chosen to take none of these steps . Last week I asked Secretary of State John Kerry if the State Department is considering any of the recommendations we put forward , ideas backed by all 100 United States Senators . His reply was dismissive and nonresponsive . Sanctioning a handful of Russians most responsible for this aggression is a good first step , but too little to influence a change in the Russian position . Much more needs to be done . There is strong bipartisan support for more forceful economic sanctions than what the administration announced on Monday . We must take more meaningful -- and more properly proportionate -- steps to respond to this outrage of aggression . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Dan Coats .	Sen. Dan Coats argues that recent sanctions against Russia are not enough U.S. , EU actions following the Crimea occupation wo n't deter Putin , he says We are ignoring the lessons of history , Coats says
CNN  -- It was a fitting end to a tense back-and-forth series that saw several unlikely players taking key roles . But ultimately , it came down to the top basketball player in the league . LeBron James . He brought his talents to South Beach three years ago . On Thursday night , he silenced his critics -- at least until October -- by leading the Miami Heat to its second consecutive NBA title with a 95-88 win over the San Antonio Spurs . The four-time league MP had a series-high 37 points , 12 rebounds and four assists to earn his second ring . Bleacher Report : Why LeBron 's second title was his greatest achievement yet "  This team is amazing , " he said . "  And the vision that I had when I decided to come here  in 2010  is all coming true . " Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said James was the difference in winning and losing . He was ecstatic for the player from whom so much is expected . "  You 're always happy for guys when they 're so dedicated , " he said . And we all know his work ethic . ... He always rises to the occasion when it matters the most , when the competition is fiercest . " James hit a long jumper with 27.9 seconds remaining in the game to give the Heat a four-point lead then locked up the win with two free throws after stealing a pass from the Spurs ' Manu Ginobili . Dwyane Wade chipped in 23 points for the Heat , who won their third title overall . "  This was the hardest series we ever had to play , but we 're a resilient team and we did what it took , " he said . Reserve Shane Battier made six 3-pointers and had 18 points for Miami . James also had a team-high 12 rebounds in winning his second crown . Tim Duncan scored 24 points for the four-time champion Spurs . "  LeBron was unbelievable ; Dwyane was great . I just think they found a way to get it done , " he said . Duncan said he 'll be haunted by two missed shots in the last minute , either of which would have tied the score . Spurs guard Tony Parker , who went 3-for-12 in Game 7 and scored just 10 points , had no excuses , saying he just could n't get a good shooting rhythm . "  Tonight we did a great fight , " he said . "  We just could n't get over the hump . ... It 's tough to come so close . " The Spurs ' Danny Green , who in the first five games set a NBA Finals record for 3-pointers , went 1-for-12 from the field in Game 7 . Only five players scored for the Heat but four of them -- James , Wade , Battier and Mario Chalmers -- outscored the Spurs . Watch Heat vs. Spurs game 7 highlights	NEW : LeBron James calls his team ` amazing ' James had 37 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Heat Spurs ' Tim Duncan had 24 points in the loss Heat have won three championships , two with LeBron James
CNN  -- As the protests in Cairo enter a second week , CNN takes a look at some of the key questions surrounding them . What are the protests about ? The protesters are calling for democratization -- for a government that they feel represents them . They want President Hosni Mubarak , 82 , to step down after 30 years holding onto power , and an end to what they complain is a corrupt regime . Some have called for the government to face a trial . The anger is driven largely by economic frustrations . Egypt has seen a dramatic rise in the cost of living in recent years . While the government has offered food subsidies to help people handle rising prices , many are struggling . Egypt 's economy was stagnant for decades , but in the past 10 years started to grow , creating bigger differences between rich and poor , said Juan Cole , a Middle East historian at the University of Michigan . "  And I think some of the protest is over the ways in which the labor movements have gotten left behind and have n't shared in the economic growth , " he said . Why now ? What sparked the protests ? A wave of protests in nearby Tunisia which overthrew the government helped inspire people in other nearby countries , facing similar frustrations , that it was time for an uprising . But the spark , in many ways , was one young man . Mohamed Bouazizi , a 26-year-old college graduate in Tunisia , was unable to find work , so he set up a fruit cart . Police confiscated it , saying he had no permit . According to the Federation of Human Rights Leagues , police also beat him . Bouazizi set himself on fire in protest , and later died . His self-immolation triggered the huge protests in Tunisia , which in turn helped inspire people in other nearby countries , including Algeria and Yemen , to take to the streets as well . There have also been protests in Jordan and Sudan . A Facebook page calls for similar demonstrations in Syria . A popular Facebook page that helped organize the Cairo protests beginning January 25 was dedicated to Bouazizi . Who are the protesters ? Many are young men . The majority of Egypt 's population is under 30 , and the vast majority of its unemployed are as well . While the protesters include people from different socio-economic levels and different parts of the country , there is a "  high proportion of the educated middle class , " said Cole . There 's "  a feeling amongst that middle class that they 're not being given the opportunities in life that their degrees warrant -- what historians would call a ` blocked elite , ' " Cole said . Have the protests been violent ? The protesters have generally been peaceful , chanting slogans and holding signs . Last week , police clashed violently with some demonstrators , leaving some dead and others wounded . Once the government sent in the military to take the place of police , the clashes came to a halt . The two sides have generally gotten along well . Some protesters have even posed for pictures with members of the military on their tanks . At times , the protests have even taken on the feeling of a music festival , with people wandering around , chatting , and celebrating . "  This is the start of the rest of my life , " one jubilant young man who appeared to be in his 20s told CNN . "  As cheesy as it sounds , that 's exactly how I feel right now . " How did chaos begin in some areas ? Police disappeared from the streets in parts of Cairo and some other areas , and some police stations were ransacked . Over the weekend , looters attacked stores and homes and torched some cars , and some prisoners escaped . Men gathered in neighborhoods to create vigilante groups protecting their property . In some places , people handed out knives , sticks , clubs , and baseball bats to men and teenage boys , encouraging them to fight any looters who came along . Some Egyptians said they worry the chaos could be part of Mubarak 's strategy , getting citizens angry at the protesters for creating havoc and excited for government security forces to come along and bring order . But the crime has also built more frustration against the government among many Egyptians . How many have died ? While it 's difficult to ascertain a solid death toll , Human Rights Watch staffers have confirmed more than 120 deaths in Cairo , Alexandria , and Suez , according to a researcher for the group in Cairo . How is the food supply ? Many families are fast running out of staples , and they are either unable or unwilling to shop for groceries . "  I have three children , and I only have enough to feed them for maybe two more days . After that I do not know what we will do , " school administrator Gamalat Gadalla said . Grocers have closed up shop or are running out of supplies themselves . "  With the curfew , there are no restaurants , food or gas . Basic goods will soon be in shortage , " Sandmonkey , an Egyptian blogger said via Twitter . Egyptian state-run Nile TV has set up a hotline for citizens to call in and report bread shortages . There has been no other indication of what the Egyptian government is doing to address the crisis . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Nic Robertson , Ivan Watson , Frederik Pleitgen , and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Protesters seek representative government , economic opportunity A young man in Tunisia sparked waves of protests in several countries Many protesters are young , unemployed , middle-class A Human Rights Watch researcher says more than 120 have died
CNN  -- Chengdu police are investigating the death of a Foxconn employee , whose body was found outside his residence earlier this week . The man , whose surname is Xi , fell to his death , according to Chengdu authorities . The death is being reported by Reuters and other news agencies as a suicide , which CNN can not independently confirm . "  We were informed by local law enforcement authorities in the city of Chengdu that -LSB- Wednesday -RSB- afternoon , a 23 year-old male Foxconn employee was found dead outside his off-campus residence in Chengdu , " Foxconn Technology Group said in a statement . "  Chengdu law enforcement authorities are conducting a thorough investigation into this matter and Foxconn is cooperating with that process . We have extended our condolences to the family of this employee and we are working with the Foxconn Labor Union and others to provide the family with the support they need at this very sad time . " Apple and Foxconn -- a major manufacturer of iPhones and iPads -- agreed to improve labor conditions at the Chinese plants earlier this year . Foxconn , a subsidiary of Taiwan-based electronics supplier Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. -- which also makes electronic goods for Sony , Microsoft , Nokia and other household brands -- came under intense scrutiny by CNN and other media outlets in 2010 after a series of suicides by workers at its Chinese plants raised questions about living and working conditions . Though Foxconn maintains its workers are treated well , Chairman Terry Gou made an unprecedented public apology in the wake of the suicides . Foxconn then released a statement saying it had introduced counselors , started a 24-hour phone counseling service and opened a stress room where workers can take out their frustration on mannequins with bats . Apple joined the Fair Labor Association earlier this year -- the first technology company to do so -- and authorized the group to audit Foxconn operations . A March 29 report found several violations , especially regarding excessive work hours of more than 60 hours a week . Apple and Foxconn have pledged to reduce working hours . CNN 's Paul Armstrong and Corinna Liu contributed to this report	Chengdu police are investigating the death of a Foxconn employee Body of the 23-year-old found outside his residence , apparently from a fall Comes after a rash of suicides at the brought scrutiny to the Apple supplier
CNN  -- Seven NATO troops died after attacks in Afghanistan on Sunday , the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said . Five troops died following an insurgent attack in eastern Afghanistan , ISAF said , though it did not provide details about the attack . Another ISAF service member died following an improvised explosive device attack in southern Afghanistan , ISAF said Sunday , after earlier announcing the death of another servicemember in an IED attack in the southern part of the country . It was not clear whether those two troops died as a result of the same attack . Sunday marked the deadliest day for NATO forces in Afghanistan since October 14 , when 7 NATO troops were killed . There have been 34 coalition casualties in Afghanistan so far this month , according to a CNN count . ISAF did not disclose the identifies of the service members killed , citing its policy of deferring casualty identification procedures to relevant national authorities . But the British defense ministry said in a statement Sunday that one of its soldiers died Sunday in southern Afghanistan . The soldier was assigned to 1st Battalion The Royal Irish Regiment and was serving as part of Combined Force Nad ' e Ali  South  , according to the statement . The soldier died in an improvised explosive device attack in the southern Nad ' e Ali area of Helmand Province . The soldier was part of a security patrol , Task Force Helmand spokesman Lt. Col. David Eastman said in a statement . Next of kin have been informed , Britain 's Ministry of Defence said .	Troops killed in insurgent attacks , NATO says The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force does not give identities of the dead
MEMPHIS , Tennessee  CNN  -- When James Earl Ray bought a white Mustang in the summer of 1967 , he stood on a streetcorner in downtown Birmingham , Alabama , and pulled the cash out of his shirt pocket , $ 2,000 in all . James Earl Ray paid $ 2,000 cash for a white Mustang , similar to this one , the seller told the FBI . "  Mostly twenties , with some $ 100 bills , " the seller would later tell the FBI about the sale to Ray , later convicted of assassinating the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . "  He must have had a roll of twenties , if he paid that guy $ 2,000 in twenties , that 'd be a lot of money , " said Jerry Ray , James Earl Ray 's brother . Police Capt. John Light , who was chief of detectives that year in Ray 's hometown of Alton , Illinois , suspects the wad of money came from a still-unsolved bank robbery . While Ray was on the run as a prison escapee from Missouri that summer , two men walked into the Bank of Alton with a pistol and a sawed-off shotgun . Both wore stocking masks . The leaner man went behind the counter , scooped up the cash and fled with close to $ 30,000 . Ray , King crossed paths before shooting " Within a day or two of that robbery , Ray would leave the area and head to Canada -- just as he did almost a year later when he fled the scene in Memphis , Tennessee , after King 's murder . Light told CNN the stolen bank money consisted mainly of $ 20 bills . The partially burned shotgun and the stocking masks were found abandoned in a wooded area near a cemetery where Ray 's mother is buried . Ray returned from Canada and bought the Mustang after seeing a classified ad in Birmingham the month after the robbery . In the months to come , Ray would keep spending $ 20 bills . When Ray underwent plastic surgery in Los Angeles 30 days before King 's death , he paid in cash -- denomination unknown . When he drove back to Birmingham six days before the murder to buy a .30 -06 high-powered hunting rifle for just under $ 250 , the gun store salesman later told investigators , "  I remember he paid for the gun with $ 20 bills , paid cash . " On April 4 , 1968 , only hours before King would die , the landlady at the boarding house where Ray rented a room told police , "  He gave me a $ 20 bill " when he paid for a week 's rent just across the street from the Lorraine Motel . In the sporting goods store where Ray went to buy binoculars , the salesman told police , "  He gave me two twenties ; I think he had two twenties left ... The bills came out of his right pocket , neatly folded , and nothing but bills . " For Light , the bank holdup is the most likely answer to the question of where Ray got the money to travel as a fugitive to Canada and Mexico , then to flee again to Canada and finally London , England , after King 's murder . "  Thirty-thousand dollars back in 1967 was a lot of money , " Light said . In London , Ray ran short of money . Four days before he was caught , he robbed a bank . His thumbprint was found on the holdup note . He got little more than $ 200 -- enough to buy an airline ticket to Brussels , Belgium , where he hoped to join mercenaries fighting to keep white rule in southern Africa . He was stopped at a London airport when a police sergeant spotted his phony Canadian passport . Ray lived very cheaply on the run . He got change back for his $ 20 bill at the Memphis boarding house -- a week 's rent there was $ 8.50 . The original prosecutors in the Memphis case decided it would not have cost that much for all of Ray 's travels . "  He was living on a dollar to two dollars a day , " said current prosecutor John Campbell . "  He was even darning his own socks to be able to save money . "	Police : James Earl Ray 's money came from a bank robbery in his hometown Gun , masks used in robbery found near burial plot of Ray 's mother Ray bought a Mustang and underwent plastic surgery before King 's death Prosecutors believe he lived very cheaply on the run
New York  CNN  -- A New York City crackdown on suspects allegedly involved in forged credit cards and identity theft led authorities to a $ 13 million global crime ring , Queens County District Attorney Richard Brown said Friday . He called it the largest and perhaps most sophisticated ring of its kind in U.S. history . Authorities hired translators to eavesdrop on a series of conversations in Arabic , Russian and Mandarin that led police to 86 suspects in a series of raids that started Tuesday , Brown said . He said the defendants , who were charged with stealing the personal credit information of thousands of unwitting American and European consumers , are allegedly members of five organized crime rings with ties to Europe , Asia , Africa and the Middle East . Twenty-five others remain at large , Brown added . All of the 111 suspects were indicted in the theft case , while nearly two dozen of them were also charged in six indictments related to burglaries and robberies . Several suspects are believed to have engaged in "  nationwide shopping sprees , staying at five-star hotels , renting luxury automobiles and private jets , and purchasing tens of thousands of dollars worth of high-end electronics and expensive handbags and jewelry with forged credit cards , " the Queens County District Attorney 's Office reported . The two-year probe , dubbed Operation Swiper , involved physical surveillance , intelligence gathering and court-authorized electronic eavesdropping on dozens of telephones in which thousands of conversations were intercepted , it said .	The ring is the largest of its kind ever discovered in the United States , the DA says Credit information came from thousands of American and European consumers , he says The suspects went on "  nationwide shopping sprees , " the DA 's office says
CNN  -- Headlines and pundits once again declare that we have a crisis on our hands in the wake of discovering that North Korea is building a new nuclear reactor and a uranium enrichment plant . More ominously , Tuesday brought news of direct artillery barrages between North and South Korea , heightening tensions and costing lives . But as provocative and serious as this is , neither is a crisis . Both fit a clear pattern of North Korean behavior -- a pattern that ultimately holds out the opportunity for progress . Unfortunately , so far the U.S. response also fits a pattern of rhetorical condemnation but little in the way of creative or effective engagement . Some key lessons need to be re-learned in light of these developments . First , the fundamental security situation with respect to North Korea has not changed . Pyongyang 's estimated stockpile of plutonium bombs remains the same  four to eight bombs ' worth  . It does not have the capability to deliver these devices by aircraft or missile and its plutonium program remains frozen or perhaps even further eroded , as described in a report by Dr. Sig Hecker , who visited the North 's nuclear facilities two weeks ago . Tuesday , in a briefing in Washington , Hecker , the former head of the Los Alamos Nuclear Laboratory , said that his report had been "  hyped " in the media . He detailed how the new facilities , while potentially capable of producing material for bombs , are hardly the quickest route for North Korea to do so . Here 's why . Uranium weapons are bigger than plutonium weapons , thus more difficult to shrink to the size needed for a missile warhead . The facility Hecker visited could only produce one or two bombs ' worth of material a year , it is not clear when it will be fully operational and it has been built to replace the plutonium production facilities , not add to them . The new , small light-water reactor under construction is actually not very good for producing weapons-grade plutonium . If North Korea wanted to expand its nuclear arsenal , it makes much more sense for it to restart the plutonium reactor it has , not replace it with this new one . Finally , the North Koreans said they would scrap their plutonium capabilities completely in exchange for improved relations with the United States . In short , it is conceivable that the facilities are what the North claims , its attempt at home-grown nuclear energy , a goal the North has had for decades . As Hecker said , the trip raised "  as many questions as it answered . " Second , as difficult as engagement is , it is preferable to the alternative , isolation and instability . Remember that North Korea succeeded in acquiring or building these new facilities during a time when sanctions were extreme and U.S. engagement was absent . In fact , we only know about the facilities because of an unofficial visit by Americans whom the North wanted to use to reveal them . Before that , the Bush administration 's years-long policy of complete isolation allowed North Korea to produce plutonium , fashion it into bombs and test two of them . Only in the last two years of the Bush era did a change in U.S. approach bear some fruit in freezing North Korea 's programs . "  Strategic patience " has been the nickname for the U.S. approach to North Korea since the early weeks of the Obama administration , when Pyongyang rejected early overtures of dialogue . What the administration failed to grasp is that diplomacy with the North is pretty much the most difficult exercise one can do in international relations . But that does not mean you should n't continue to try , even when -- or maybe especially when -- the response is a poke in the eye . So where does this leave us ? What can or should the United States do to respond to these latest developments ? Here again , everything old is new again : Creative , thoughtful approaches to engaging North Korea have to be designed and tested -- persistently . Yes , U.S. overtures will annoy allies in the region , but not if done in concert with or through consultation with them . Yes , the administration will suffer reactionary criticism from the right for "  dealing with evil " or similar screeds . But the stakes are too high to allow the long-term threats that North Korea poses to be hamstrung by near-term political scorekeeping . President Obama has to be bold . A number of ideas about how to proceed are offered in a recent piece by Lee Sigal of the Social Sciences Research Council . These suggestions , including economic incentives and diplomatic measures such as a trip by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to North Korea and the conclusion of a peace declaration involving both Koreas and China , are a good starting point . Sun-tzu , an ancient Chinese expert on the region , advised , "  Keep your friends close and your enemies closer . " Good advice and as relevant as ever for the United States regarding North Korea . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Carroll and Joe Cirincione .	North Korea 's artillery barrage was serious , but this is not a crisis , say co-authors They say the action fits pattern of North Korea 's behavior and does n't preclude progress Revelation of a uranium enrichment plant does n't signal escalation in its weapons capability , they say U.S. needs to try economic and diplomatic measures to move ahead , they say
London  CNN  -- The past week in London has been like living in a disaster movie . "  Escape from Peckham " would have been an apt title on Monday as we broadcast live from the center of the riots , which saw gangs of several hundred young men and women looting shops , terrorizing by-standers and mugging news crews . We arrived on Peckham High Street in the early evening to find a scene of anarchy . The police were outnumbered and only able to hold a small side road while the mob -- emboldened by the lack of arrests -- controlled the main highway . Our crew was equipped for a war zone -- perhaps an overreaction in hindsight , but during those febrile hours , gunfire did n't seem impossible . Thugs in balaclavas patrolled the streets , menacing anyone that they saw as they helped themselves to televisions , alcohol and cash from local businesses . As we beamed the pictures around the world , we too were targeted -- bottles and bricks thrown at us in an attempt to drive us back . One journalist approached , breathlessly warning us his video camera had just been snatched by a group of about 10 young men . We soon realized the presence of the police nearby was n't enough to stop us being targeted . As we walked back from a supermarket that we 'd filmed being looted and then "  re-taken " by police dog handlers , we were accosted by more criminals . These men , women and children were high on the intoxicating sense of anarchy that had turned a once bustling shopping area into a no-go zone . In a matter of hours they 'd completely lost all fear of arrest -- it was clear to see that the looters now were in control and , for a few hours , could do anything they wanted . It sounds ridiculous , but I was as scared in Peckham as I 've ever been in Afghanistan , Libya or the Ivory Coast . The crowds were skittish and moved in packs . Every so often , without warning or apparent pretext , there would be a panicked stampede . Hooded kids would run down the road as if fleeing from other looters . After several hours the police managed to re-establish order in Peckham , but by then the genie was out of the bottle . Copycat gangs were on the rampage elsewhere . We drove north into central London , seeing shops smashed on Tottenham Court Road , and then into Camden -- the bohemia of cool -- suddenly awash with gangs of masked teenagers without a policeman in sight . Then reports came in of trouble in Ealing -- a leafy suburb to the west . As we drove the radio relayed eyewitness accounts of fires burning out of control across London and beyond . We arrived in Ealing to find a car abandoned in the street , its windshield smashed , as if it had been attacked while traveling along the road . I shuddered to think what happened to its occupants . It did n't take a great leap of imagination to empathize with terrified local residents ; I used to live not far from here -- and have friends who still do . Nearby , a parade of shops was smashed , bins set alight . Further on , we found burning cars , ominous sentinels marking the fault-line between "  turf " held by the gangs and the relative sanctuary of streets controlled by the police . The fire brigade and police watched the vehicles burn , but made no attempt to extinguish them , apparently for fear of being attacked . I do n't blame them -- the risk was very real . Amid all this chaos though , there were signs of civility . I met a man , Luke Metcalfe , who 'd rescued a bus driver from a gang of vandals . The bus remained abandoned in the street , windows smashed , interior charred , wipers -- bent 90 degrees -- still occasionally moving in unison . The driver , Andrew Boe , spoke of the horrifying moment he saw the gang was coming for him , his bus boxed in by traffic and unable to move . He was unhurt , but profoundly traumatized by what had happened , thankful of the kind actions of a stranger who helped him to the safety . The feeling of depression and fear about what we 'd seen was vivid . It felt like British society was collapsing . I wondered how on earth order would be restored and realized how fragile civilized law and order can be . In one night , it seemed we 'd collectively lurched towards a precipice -- a small minority of idiots had hijacked the country . By Tuesday in London it was clear that sheer numbers of police were needed . The officers faced down the gangs with "  robust " action -- as the Prime Minister David Cameron had called for . We watched in Canning Town as youths , some mere children , were arrested for the slightest infraction . Anyone who looked suspicious was stopped , searched and detained if there was resistance or "  back-chat . " And there was a new weapon against the mob -- the public . Fed-up with the spreading chaos , communities were taking on the role of the police , groups of men protecting businesses , mosques , temples and cafes in different parts of the city , applauding the police as they sped past to the latest flash-point . Elsewhere in Britain , though , the mayhem was just starting -- the great industrial cities of the midlands and the north were now facing the same destruction and looting quashed in London . We traveled to Birmingham , where three young British Pakistani men had been mowed down by a car and killed while trying to protect a local garage . Reports from Manchester , Nottingham and Liverpool re-enforced that this was now a nationwide phenomenon . And then as suddenly as it started , it stopped . The invisible momentum which had propelled the gangs evaporated . Perhaps idle parents suddenly took their offspring in hand , perhaps the "  game " of destruction had become boring , perhaps the police were too visible and numerous , perhaps the community vigilantes too threatening . The debate about why it happened is already in full swing -- all I know is that , like millions of other Britons , I am relieved that it appears to be over and hope we never stare into the abyss of anarchy again .	For five nights , CNN and the world watched as riots spread across UK cities CNN 's Dan Rivers and crew became targets of attackers as the violence spread Looters roamed the streets , emboldened by lack of arrests as hours wore on ' I was as scared in Peckham as I 've ever been in Afghanistan , Libya or the Ivory Coast '
CNN  -- The FBI says it is deploying Facebook and Twitter to find "  a wanted terrorist " who grew up near Boston and may now be living in Syria . He is Ahmad Abousamra , 31 , a French-born dual citizen of the United States and Syria . Abousamra was indicted in 2009 after taking trips to Pakistan and Yemen . The bureau is offering a reward of up to $ 50,000 for information leading to his arrest . "  Knowing that the public is the FBI 's best ally in finding fugitives , we 're requesting their assistance to locate Ahmad Abousamra , " said Richard DesLauriers , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Boston division . The FBI said Abousamra allegedly attempted to get military training for the purpose of killing American soldiers overseas . It also said he traveled to Iraq with the hope of joining up with forces fighting against the United States . Read more : Family asks Ahmadinejad for help finding former FBI agent A federal arrest warrant was issued for Abousamra after he was charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists , providing material support to terrorists , conspiracy to kill in a foreign country , conspiracy , false statements , and aiding and abetting . Abousamra and a co-conspirator were charged in a superseding indictment in 2010 "  with an additional single count each of conspiring to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization , namely al Qaeda , " the FBI said . DesLauriers said Abousamra is from Mansfield , Massachusetts , and left the United States in 2006 . Abousamra is of Syrian descent . Agents think he might be living in Aleppo , Syria 's largest city , with his wife , at least one child -- a daughter -- and extended family . Read more : Not one FBI Agent in Benghazi Embassy Crime Scene The FBI launched a campaign on traditional media and social media such as Facebook and Twitter to garner tips about his whereabouts . The FBI also said it will use "  limited advertising on a social media site to reach an overseas demographic . " The FBI has posted on its website three head shots of a bearded Abousamra -- two from 2002 and another from 2004 . The bureau says he is fluent in English and Arabic and has a college degree "  related to computer technology . " He had been employed at a telecommunications company . "  Conspiring to use force or violence to achieve a political or social goal violates our cherished ideal of peaceful dissent . Our goal is to find and arrest Abousamra so he can be tried by a jury of his peers , " DesLauriers said . "  We believe publicizing Abousamra 's photo and characteristics will lead to a tip about his whereabouts and , ultimately , to his arrest . " Abousamra 's co-conspirator , Tarek Mehanna , was convicted by a federal jury last year on four terrorism charges and three charges related to providing false information to the government . He was sentenced to 17Â 1/2 years in prison in April .	Ahmad Abousamra , 31 , was indicted after trips to Pakistan and Yemen He is a dual Syrian-U.S. citizen who grew up near Boston His co-conspirator was convicted and sentenced A $ 50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest
Residents of this sleepy Turkish border town breathed a sigh of relief on Thursday . For the first time in a week , there were no explosions , bullets or bombs coming from the Syrian side of the border . The lull led some locals to gloat . Read more : Blasts may have struck prison of torture in Syria "  You 're late , " announced the owner of a tea shop , as a van full of foreign journalists pulled up to his business , 20 meters from the border fence . But worry was still in the air . "  It 's quiet today , " said a grizzled Turkish man sipping a glass of tea . "  I hope that $ * & # guy running that country does n't do something # * & $ today , " he cursed . Fighting first erupted in the area on November 8 , when Syrian rebels mounted an assault on Syrian government forces in the neighboring Syrian town of Ras Al Ain . Ras Al Ain , Syria , and Ceylanpinar , Turkey , are effectively one town , separated by a fence and a parallel line of railroad tracks . Read more : After the election , a new push on Syria The next day , rebels claimed victory . They raised the opposition flag triumphantly over Ras Al Ain , despite the fact that their offensive had sent thousands of terrified residents streaming across the border to Turkey for safety . Those refugee numbers swelled when Syrian regime forces struck back , pounding Ras Al Ain with artillery , airstrikes and bombardments with "  barrel bombs " hurled out of hovering helicopters . As Ras Al Ain shook and shuddered , Turkish soldiers and ambulances waited at the nearby border gate , collecting scores of Syrians who arrived wounded , and rushing them to nearby hospitals . Locals said Turkish authorities parked lines of railroad cars on the tracks between the two towns in an effort to protect Ceylanpinar from shrapnel and errant bullets . But the Turkish government said at least a half dozen Turks were wounded during the week of fighting . On Wednesday , Turkey 's defense minister issued a warning to Syria . Read more : Over 37,000 have died in Syria 's civil war , opposition group says "  We will respond to Syrian planes or helicopters that violate our borders , " said Ismet Yilmaz . "  Syria has been given a note of protest . Our citizens , especially residents of the  border  regions , should stay calm . Our armed forces are on duty full time and the troops on the ground have been authorized to intervene immediately when necessary . " Whether or not Damascus heeded Ankara 's warning is not clear . But on Thursday , after being shuttered for days , shops were once again open in downtown Ceylanpinar . Mehmet Saitavci , a community leader and the owner of a stationery shop , pointed out businesses that had windows shattered by the force of the Syrian airstrikes . "  Of course we were afraid , " he said . "  Jets flew overhead , there were bombardments , the children were terrified . We had to close the schools for their safety ! " Now , houses were packed full of refugees . An officer from the local Zabita , a municipal police force , said he was hosting 30 Syrian refugees in his home . Volunteers at a nearby municipal building distributed yogurt , beans and bread to families , while also hosting scores of refugees . These frightened Syrians said Ras Al Ain had been a safe haven until last week 's rebel attack . Read more : France , U.S. stand behind new opposition alliance as Syria remains defiant "  From the beginning of the revolution , refugees came from all across Syria to Ras Al Ain because it was safe , " said Rashid Mohammed , a Kurdish farmer who was living in the municipal building with 60 of his relatives . He said seven of his cousins were killed by government helicopter attacks . "  We are angry at both of them  the rebels and the government  , because the rebels entered Ras Al Ain and because the regime bombed us with its aircraft , " Mohammed said . "  Most of the Kurds want neither the rebels nor the regime . " The refugee farmer reflected the ambivalence many members of Syria 's ethnic Kurdish minority have had toward Syria 's grinding conflict . Since the start of the uprising 19 months ago , various Kurdish political parties have resisted joining Syrian opposition groups , which are dominated by Arabs . Last summer , a Kurdish militia closely affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , assumed control over a number of predominantly Kurdish towns along the border with Turkey . The power grab triggered alarm bells in Turkey , which has fought a 30-year war against PKK guerillas . Read more : As U.N. falters , Syria 's conflict threatens regional stability Roughly half of Ras Al Ain 's population is said to be Kurdish . On Wednesday , an umbrella group of Kurdish political parties issued a public declaration , demanding that all armed groups abandon the border town . It was a warning primarily to the Free Syrian Army rebels , who now patrol Ras Al Ain in pickup trucks jerry-rigged with heavy machine guns . "  The FSA has to know that their enemy is not in Ras Al Ain and in other Kurdish areas . Their enemy is in Aleppo and Damascus , so why do n't you go there to attack your real enemy ? " said Omar Aloush , a top official in the Kurdish Democratic Union Party , the Syrian wing of the PKK . Speaking by phone from the Kurdish-controlled Syrian town of Qoubani , Aloush said his Kurdish faction would not use force to push Syrian rebel groups out of Ras Al Ain . But he warned that his movement could withhold food and other supplies to put pressure on the rebels . The threats were met with defiance by a rebel media activist in Ras Al Ain . "  We do n't care if the Kurds say you have to leave , " said Yalmaz Basha of the FSA . "  All Syrians have to sacrifice , even the Kurds , because they are part of the Syrian people . " The simmering tensions between Kurdish militiamen and the FSA have exploded in deadly violence within the past month in the embattled northern city of Aleppo . They also underscore the difficulties foreign powers face trying to unify Syria 's opposition , while trying to hasten the downfall of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad . On Friday , the Turkish government once again denounced the Syrian regime , claiming it had no legitimacy . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu then announced his government would be recognizing a newly formed Western-backed opposition movement known as the National Coalition Forces of the Syrian Revolution as "  the legitimate representative of the Syrian people . " But Turkey has failed to deter the Syrian military from carrying out operations within sight of the Turkish border . On Friday , Syrian and Turkish witnesses told CNN they saw Syrian government aircraft bombing targets near the Bab el Hawa border get between the two countries .	Syrian fight overflows to Turkish town of Ceylanpinar Ceylanpinar and Syria 's Ras Al Ain are one town separated by a border Fighting first erupted in the area on November 8 , when Syrian rebels mounted an assault
CNN  A Brazilian man has confessed to killing 39 women in the Rio de Janeiro region , police said Thursday -- shocking claims that , if confirmed , would make him one of the most prolific serial killers in the country 's history . In an interview with Brazilian broadcaster TV Globo , the alleged killer , Sailson Jose das Gracas , said that he carried out the first slaying when he was 17 and continued to kill over the next decade . "  I started robbing purses and small things like that , " he told TV Globo . "  And as I got older , I started having a different thoughts . My thoughts started changing . From stealing , I started thinking about killing . " Sailson , reported to be 26-years-old , said he did n't kill impulsively but stalked his victims . Rio police said they arrested Sailson on Wednesday on suspicion of killing a woman in the suburb of Nova Iguacu . He confessed to that homicide and then told police about the other killings , they said . Sailson described his need to kill as pathological . "  When I did n't kill , I would get nervous , " he told TV Globo . "  I would pace around the house , and then when I killed , it calmed me . " Police chief Marcelo Machado told TV Globo that Sailson is also suspected of killing a 2-year-old boy , the son of one of the dead women . Fast Facts on serial killers ` No regrets ' Specialized police teams are carrying out an investigation into his claims . "  We must carefully examine , one by one , " Machado said . Police said they had located four other cases from the homicide division that had the same modus operandi presented by Sailson , who told them he used knives to kill . Police said they had also arrested a man and woman , who Sailson said had told him to kill the latest victim . The self-declared killer said he had "  no regrets " about his actions and would kill again if set free . "  What is done is done , " he told the TV network . "  If I leave here in 10 , 15 , 20 years , I 'll go back to doing the same thing . " Opinion : A surprising truth about serial killings	Police : A man arrested on suspicion of a killing confesses to dozens more Sailson Jose das Gracas tells a TV station that he 's been killing for a decade "  When I did n't kill , I would get nervous , " he says Rio de Janeiro police say they have set up special teams to investigate the claims
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- American children are n't necessarily getting smarter or dumber , but that might not be good enough to compete globally , according to numbers cited Tuesday by Secretary of Education Arne Duncan . The National Center for Education Statistics found U.S. students placed below average in math and science . He noted a special analysis put out last week by the National Center for Education Statistics that compares 15-year-old U.S. students with students from other countries in the Organization for Economic Development . It found the U.S. students placed below average in math and science . In math , U.S. high schoolers were in the bottom quarter of the countries that participated , trailing countries including Finland , China and Estonia . According to the report , the U.S. math scores were not measurably different in 2006 from the previous scores in 2003 . But while other countries have improved , the United States has remained stagnant . In science , the United States falls behind countries such as Canada , Japan and the Czech Republic . Duncan told a room full of science and math experts of the National Science Board on Tuesday morning that this will hurt the United States as it competes internationally . "  We are lagging the rest of the world , and we are lagging it in pretty substantial ways , " he said . "  I think we have become complacent . We 've sort of lost our way . " He acknowledged that in some areas of the United States it is hard to find good math and science teachers . To solve that problem , he said , "  I think we should pay math and science teachers a lot more money . We pay everybody the same . We have areas of critical need -- math , science , foreign language , special education in some places . I think we need to pay a premium for that . " The National Education Association , which represents teachers , argues against such a proposal . "  Simply being a teacher of a hard-to-staff subject does not equate with effective instruction , and therefore , should not be rewarded in-and-of-itself through a salary differential , " the organization says in a position statement . The fourth - and eighth-graders who were part of the mathematics testing have improved their average scores compared with their European counterparts , but they still lag behind their Asian peers in China , Hong Kong , Japan , Korea and Singapore . In science , fourth-graders have fallen behind other students even though their average scores remained about the same . The eighth-graders ' scores remain about the same compared to 1995 . "  It has huge implications , " Duncan said . "  I think as a real economic imperative we have to educate our way to a better economy . "	National Center for Education Statistics put out special analysis In math , U.S. high schoolers were in the bottom quarter of the countries Education secretary : "  We are lagging the rest of the world ... in pretty substantial ways "
CNN  -- British Transport Police said Tuesday they found a stolen 300-year-old Stradivarius violin worth more than $ 1 million , along with two bows valued at more than $ 105,000 . Police released few details about how they found the items that were stolen in late 2010 near a London train station . They were found at a house in central England . The violin was recovered intact with some very minor damage , they said . "  We 're delighted to have recovered the violin after a long and very complex investigation , " said Detective Chief Inspector Simon Taylor , who led the hunt . He said members of other police forces , an insurance company , and antique dealers helped with the investigation . Two teenagers were arrested and sentenced in 2011 in connection with the theft of the 1696 Stradivarius . The violin 's owner , acclaimed violinist Min Jin Kym , noticed her case containing the violin and bows was missing and called police . She said she thought about the theft every day , even in her dreams , and was elated to learn it was found . Stradivarius violins were made by the world 's most celebrated violin maker , Antonio Stradivari , in the 1600s . It is thought that from 1666 , the Cremona , Italy-born Stradivari made 1,116 instruments , of which more than 600 are still in existence , including violas , cellos , mandolins and guitars . During the 18th century , his unrivaled reputation extended throughout Europe where his instruments were coveted by royalty , aristocracy , church dignitaries and top musicians because of the extraordinary sound they were capable of producing . Stradivari made his last violin in 1737 when he was 92 . Experts : Bob Dylan 's long-lost guitar finally found Tom Petty 's stolen guitars recovered	The violin is intact with minor damage , police say Police discover the violin and 2 bows at a house in central England They were stolen in late 2010 near a London train station Two teens were sentenced for the theft in 2011
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , senior producer Jim Polk talks about the upcoming documentary "  Eyewitness to Murder : The King Assassination . " CNN 's Soledad O'Brien on the balcony of the Lorraine Motel where King was assassinated on April 4 , 1968 . MEMPHIS , Tennessee  CNN  -- The Rev. Billy Kyles , the only person standing on the second-floor balcony of the Lorraine Motel with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , had started to walk away when he heard the shot . "  When I turned , I could see him lying on the balcony . One of his feet was sticking through the railing , and there was this huge hole in his face , " Kyles told CNN correspondent Soledad O'Brien as they stood together in front of Room 306 where the civil rights leader was gunned down 40 years ago this April . In producing its two-hour documentary , "  Eyewitness to Murder : The King Assassination , " CNN Presents turned to the people who were there that day and others personally involved in the movement to tell their first-hand stories of a tragedy that still resonates today . Watch a preview " Fireman George Loenneke had asked to take a look through a police surveillance peephole in his fire station across the street and saw King at the moment he was hit . "  It sounded like one-by-fours -LSB- boards -RSB- , two of them -- just bam ! -- went together , " Loenneke said . "  He come up off that grating there about a foot . " King 's closest aide , Andrew Young , told O'Brien , "  He probably never even heard the shot . " CNN sought out these critical witnesses and others with pained memories and personal knowledge to tell the story in their own words , rather than depend on official reconstructions of the murder case . Among those interviewed : five policemen on the scene or on duty that day , three men in the firehouse , two of the garbage workers whose city-wide strike brought the civil rights leader to Memphis , the medical examiner who plotted the trajectory of the fatal bullet , and the former Ku Klux Klan lawyer who became James Earl Ray 's first attorney . Ray 's younger brother , Jerry , shared his story of how he stayed in touch with James during the prison escapee 's year on the run and was at his bedside when Ray died almost 30 years after his guilty plea in King 's death . The documentary draws on James Earl Ray 's personal hand-written account at the time , which describes how he purchased his white Mustang and the .30 -06 rifle left at the murder scene , as well as his capture overseas while trying to join up with mercenary forces in white-ruled areas of Africa . The former Lorraine Motel is now the National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis , and its president , Beverly Robertson , allowed CNN unprecedented access not only to the second-floor balcony where King was killed , but also to the museum 's remarkable display of the evidence , including Ray 's rifle and his prison radio , both left behind as he drove away . CNN was able to obtain transcripts of original police interviews with many witnesses now deceased , including boarders in the rooming house where authorities believe the fatal shot was fired . The network also got access to FBI interviews with the owners of the gun store where Ray bought the rifle , and we talked face-to-face with each of them , although both declined to be interviewed on camera . Our team read the full report of the House Assassination Committee , which held extensive hearings in 1978 , as well as two Justice Department reports defending the FBI findings , but we avoided using any of the official government accounts , other than original documents found in the British Archives on the U.S. request for Ray 's extradition after his arrest . CNN 's goal : to bring you as close to a first-hand eyewitness account of those turbulent times and that tragic ending as can be possible 40 years after the death of a leader many consider an American martyr .	Lt. George Loenneke was looking through peephole at time King was hit CNN Presents gained unprecedented access to balcony , evidence Documentary tracks last days of convicted assassin James Earl Ray
Washington  CNN  -- If you 're a Republican woman , the GOP wants you . To run for Congress , that is . The Grand Old Party holds a majority of seats in the House of Representatives . Yet of 234 Republican members , only 19 are women . In an effort to boost that number , the House Republican campaign committee is launching "  Project GROW , " a program largely led by the party 's female members designed to bring more women into the fold . CNN 's Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash spoke exclusively with three sitting House Republican female members spearheading the effort , and one GOP woman hoping to score a House seat . To a person , they recognize that at the very least , Republicans have an image problem -- especially after studying the results of the 2012 election . According to CNN 's 2012 exit polls , 55 percent of women voted for Barack Obama , a stark leap over the 44 percent who voted for Republican candidate Mitt Romney . And Democrats made gains in both the Senate and the House . "  We saw that as Republicans , even though we were talking about the issues that affected America , women across this country felt we were not connecting with them , " Rep. Renee Ellmers  R-North Carolina  said . Rep. Ann Wagner  R-Missouri  , serving her first congressional term , said she and her colleagues need to talk to women "  in a way that 's going to make their life better and easier . " "  You know , I told my colleagues close your eyes , say that you 're speaking to that 37-year-old single mother of two who 's trying to make it to the 15th and the 30th of the month , " said Wagner . "  What do we have to offer her ? How do we make her life easier , better , more manageable ? These are the kind of messaging things we need to do and I think we 've got ... real opportunities here , both to motivate women in the electorate , but also to motivate women to run for public office . " Indeed , women make up a mere 8 % of the Republican House caucus . House Democratic women comprise a staggering 29 % , by comparison . The Republican women agree it boils down to encouraging more GOP women to run . Curiously , "  women who are going to run for office , they almost need to be asked , " Ellmers said . "  They need to make sure there 's a place for them . " Male GOP members , who do n't traditionally seem to need such encouragement , are involved in recruiting women as well . In fact , Project GROW also involves educating elected Republican men "  about connecting with women and doing a better job and going out and meeting with women . " Rep. Susan Brooks  R-Indiana  said . "  Women business owners , women volunteer organizations -- just doing a better job connecting with where they are , with things they care about , " Brooks said . Martha McSally , an Air Force fighter pilot who flew combat patrols over Iraq and Afghanistan , is running in a rematch for Gabby Giffords ' old seat in Arizona , which she just barely lost to Democrat Ron Barber last year . She is exactly the kind of political recruit these GOP women say they 're looking for . "  The Democrats have been effective in attacking us and branding us in a way that 's just not accurate , " McSally said . "  So in my race ... my opponent , a white man , was trying to lump me in the war on women , she said , pointing to a Democratic attack line during the 2012 election accusing Republicans of waging a "  war against women . " "  And here I am a pioneering military woman , the first to fly in command in combat . I sued Donald Rumsfeld for making our servicewomen wear burkas over in Saudi Arabia . I mean , I am not a part of the ` war on women . ' I 've been fighting for women my whole life , " she said . McSally said she does n't know why women make up only a small percentage of the GOP caucus . "  I can only say that in my experience , running that when I engage with Republican , independent and Democratic women in my community , and you talk about the issues that matter to them , " she said . "  If we you connect with them , and we 're real , and we show our leadership , we show we 're solution oriented . " Meanwhile , the top House Democrat recruiter told CNN her party does n't need a special project to attract women candidates to run with our party . " Debbie Wasserman-Schultz  D-Florida  , the chairman of the Democratic National Committee charged with adding more Democratic members , said Republicans have a "  wholly unappealing agenda " that alienates women and discourages them from affiliating themselves with the GOP . She says Republicans are "  wrong " on the economic , healthcare , cultural , and education agendas "  that are important to women . " "  I think acronyms are nice , but at the end of the day women voters in this country and potential women candidates are going to continue to choose the Democratic party because we value the input and feedback from women , and we 're the party that grows leaders , " she said . Rep. Steve Israel , D-New York , who as head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is working to elect Democrats to the House , told CNN "  The difference between Republicans and Democrats is that they have to work hard to recruit women to run for Congress . All I have to do is answer my phone . " Republicans have their work cut out for them . Project GROW 's website says the effort will focus specifically on recruiting , messaging , polling , candidate training , fundraising , a strong digital presence , and other things "  to increase female participation . " At the end of the day , Ellmers believes that , despite appearances , women voters largely lean Republican . "  That 's why in Project GROW , we 're going to be focusing on listening , and recruiting , and engaging and motivating , " she said . "  Because we want women across this country to be involved in Republican beliefs . We believe most women are conservative . " Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Republicans launch drive to attract women candidates for Congress Women comprise 8 % of Republican House caucus ; 29 % of Democratic membership Martha McSally , a fighter pilot who flew combat patrols , is running for Gabby Giffords ' old seat Top Democrat recruiter says her party does n't need special project to attract women
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Even as the world 's military chiefs gathered in Jordan to debate their next move on Syria , the host nation is keen to keep the talks under wraps . Official statements have been scant , the precise date , time and location seem secret . Expect no post-meeting press conference either , we are told . The "  why " is very simple : Jordan fears if it appears in any way to become a spring board for strikes on Syria , it will suffer . How it will suffer and why lies buried in layers of history as complex as the shifting desert sands here . This tiny kingdom has ducked and dived the worst of the regional roiling stirred by the 2011 Arab Spring . Yet the few protests here seem to highlight dissatisfaction with a monarchy the West has come to rely on . A U.S. defense official told CNN no agreements were signed at meetings Monday as "  this was not a planning meeting , where we come ready to discuss a specific way forward . " But he did say the meetings focused on ways the escalating conflict in Syria could spill over into neighboring countries and affect regional security as a whole . King Abdullah of Jordan rules over a population who have seen food and gas prices rise to the point of pain ; they endured the arrival of 100,000 's of refugees from both Iraq and Syria , pushing up property prices . When they want the hurt to stop they look up to Abdullah . Most still suffer . To say Jordan is not the most stable of Arab States right now might seem to fly in the face convention . Tourists are still safe here and although they do n't flock in the droves they used to , the country 's fabled historic sites like the Nabataean ruins in Petra are awash with all shades of international sightseers . But scratch the surface and the have-nots far outnumber the haves . Most agree that corruption is at the root of the growing divide . The Muslim Brotherhood , long a latent force for change here , exploits the inequalities . Their brothers in Egypt , now under the heel of the military , serve as both reminder and reason to wait their moment . And the often unspoken tension here between Palestinians and Jordanians finds greater voice today than in preceding decades . An Israeli-Palestinian peace deal , once again under serious debate , could turn once loyal subjects on their leaders if it upsets the careful balance here -- Jordanians in government , Palestinians in business . In short it would not take much for Bashar al Assad whose forces , an hour and a half drive to the north of Amman and well within missile range of the capital , to turn Jordan into turmoil . So no surprise that this meeting , that was , we are told , planned weeks before the alleged chemical attack in Damascus , has shrunk in profile to be almost invisible . Even U.S. officials appeared to play tag over who can say what . One directs us to the other for comment , and so on . One trusted source here told me of his surprise any details of the meeting had been leaked . For Jordan to host this meeting , at the very moment U.N. weapons inspectors in Damascus are being shot at as they try to figure out if chemical weapons were used , invites the Syrian regime to take the view their tiny neighbor is up to no good . The real fear is this . If military chiefs walk away from their secure chambers here leaving even the tiniest inkling that while on Jordanian soil they would precipitate a strike or intervention in Syria , then Jordan could face terrorist attack or worse from Syria . With chemical weapons now apparently freely in play , few would rule out the possibility those same gun barrels could be directed toward King Abdullah 's people . All this said , there is no secret here that weapons are being smuggled across Jordan 's border to Syrian rebels . Saudi Arabia is quite proud of its role in this , although Jordanian officials deny the help and say they work to block such smuggling . The real secrets are more intangible . For example , on how much of a hair trigger are the chemical weapons ? And what about the U.S. and Jordanian special forces here , hidden away on army bases ? How quickly could they be mobilized ? It 's a worry that many Jordanians have : how quickly could their own stability crumble . CNN 's Chris Lawrence contributed to this report	A meeting of international military chiefs is taking place in Jordan to discuss Syria Jordan is an ally of the West but stability is being threatened by a growing divide between rich and poor Amman , a 90-minute drive from Amman , is within striking range for Syrian weapons Jordan does not want to be seen to be facilitating strikes on Syria , says Nic Robertson
CNN  -- Grand Canyon National Park wants to increase its entrance fees , and several other national parks may do the same . For the first time in eight years , the National Park Service has given park sites that charge entrance and amenity fees permission to increase their rates by set amounts . They have to engage their communities , note what the increases will cover and get approval by park service headquarters . Fee increase proposals are due by March 15 . Though just 133 of the 401 National Park Service sites across the United States charge an entrance fee , they 're some of the parks that travelers often think of first . Think Yosemite , Yellowstone and of course , the Grand Canyon . Grand Canyon is proposing to increase several fees for the first time since 1997 . The single vehicle entrance fee would increase from $ 25 to $ 30 for a seven-day pass , and the individual and motorcycle rate of $ 12 would increase to $ 15 per individual and to $ 25 per motorcycle . The individual park 's annual pass would increase from $ 50 to $ 60 . The cost of national park system passes will remain at $ 80 for the regular annual pass , $ 10 for the lifetime senior pass and free for the annual military passes and access passes  for those with permanent disabilities  . These are five national park sites we think you must see , either now or after any fee increases take effect . They 're still a bargain ! Grand Canyon National Park , Arizona The Colorado River cuts through the bottom of the magnificent Grand Canyon for 277 miles , and it 's a full vertical mile from the South Rim to the canyon floor . The canyon 's width varies , but it measures 18 miles in several spots . The South Rim is open year-round , but the North Rim -- generally the coolest place in the park -- is open during the spring and summer . Current vehicle entrance fee : $ 25 Grand Canyon filled with river of clouds Yosemite National Park , California Yosemite National Park , which released its fee proposal in October , wants to increase its weekly entrance pass from $ 20 to $ 30 . Camping fees would rise from the current range of $ 5 to $ 20 per night for family sites  $ 40 per night for group sites  to a range of $ 6 to $ 24 per night for family sites  $ 48 per night for group sites  . President Abraham Lincoln first protected Yosemite with his signing of the Yosemite Land Grant on June 30 , 1864 , 150 years ago . Yosemite will celebrate 125 years as a national park in 2015 . Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming , Montana and Idaho Old Faithful calls this place home . Established as the United States ' first national park in 1872 , Yellowstone is also one of the first 12 sites on UNESCO 's World Heritage List , which recognizes the world 's most important natural and cultural wonders . Yellowstone is one of the few remaining intact ecosystems of significant size in the northern temperate zone on Earth , including a volcano , more than 300 geysers and more than 10,000 thermal features . Current vehicle entrance fee : $ 25 Arches National Park , Utah Arches National Park is one of the most unique spots on Earth , home to the world 's highest collection of natural sandstone arches . They include the largest , Landscape Arch , and the tallest , Double Arch South . Current vehicle entrance fee : $ 10 Great Smoky Mountains National Park , North Carolina and Tennessee It 's free ! Despite its reign as the most-visited national park in the country last year , with 9.4 million visitors , Great Smoky Mountains National Park is our bargain park , with no entrance fees .  There are camping and other amenity fees . That 's because the park 's Newfound Gap Road was once owned by the state of Tennessee . When the state transferred it to the federal government , the state required that no fee "  ever be imposed " to travel the road .	National Park Service allowing fee increases for first time in 8 years Grand Canyon , Yosemite and 131 other park sites charge fees National parks are still a bargain
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- At least 20 insurgents were killed Friday as Nigeria 's military carried out an aerial bombardment of suspected militant Islamist camps in the country 's northeast , a Defense Ministry spokesman said . The raid by Nigerian Air Force jets and attack helicopters is part of what the military says is a "  massive deployment " of forces this week to tackle insurgent groups , including Boko Haram . ` Massive ' numbers of Nigerian troops target insurgents "  Our military has overrun a number of the militants ' camps in north and central Borno state , " said defense spokesman Brig. Gen. Chris Olukolade . "  Within those insurgents ' camps , we discovered that they have been storing sophisticated , high-caliber weapons including anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons . " Asked whether the military had inflicted any casualties on the insurgents , Olukolade said , "  definitely so . Conservatively speaking , over 20 dead so far . " Members of the armed forces have suffered only minor injuries , according to Olukolade . "  The operation continues , we are injecting even more troops and resources into those areas , " he added . The military operation was announced Wednesday , a day after President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in Borno , Yobe and Adamawa states . The president blamed "  terrorists " aimed at "  rebellion , " causing "  fear among our citizens and a near breakdown of law and order in parts of the country . " He also noted a rise of insurgent violence in eight other states , including Nasarawa , where scores of police officers were killed last week . "  Insurgents and terrorists , " including Boko Haram , are trying to destabilize Nigeria , Jonathan said . "  The military operation will focus on tracking down criminal elements within the vicinity of border communities prone to terrorist activities , " Olukolade said Wednesday . He did not confirm the number of troops deployed or which units are involved in the military operation . Much violence over recent years has been blamed on Boko Haram , the name of which means "  Western education is sacrilege . " On Friday , a spokesman for the U.N. human rights commissioner told reporters that Boko Haram could face war crimes charges for alleged ethnic and religious cleansing in Nigeria . Addressing reporters in Geneva , Rupert Colville urged it and other extremist groups to stop "  cowardly attacks " against civilians , security forces , Nigerian officials and foreign nationals . According to Human Rights Watch , the group has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria . The U.N. human rights office is calling on Nigeria 's government to respect human rights principles during security sweeps , following reports of heavy casualties in some parts of the country . Nigeria is Africa 's most populous country , with a population of nearly 175 million according to the CIA World Factbook , and is the political and economic powerhouse of West Africa . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Boko Haram could face war crimes charges for ethnic cleansing , U.N. official says Nigeria 's military carries out an aerial bombardment of suspected insurgent camps At least 20 insurgents have been killed , a military spokesman says It had announced a "  massive deployment " of troops to northeastern Nigeria
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- Hours after federal civil rights investigators and the FBI opened an inquiry into the death of a teenager shot by a police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , violence flared again in the St. Louis suburb . Police Chief Thomas Jackson told CNN shots were fired Monday night in Ferguson , and police fired tear gas to disperse a crowd that had gathered in an area where looting occurred Sunday . "  Officers were brought in to quell the hostilities , " he said . "  Tear gas was deployed . " The Saturday-night shooting , which left 18-year-old Michael Brown dead , has fueled rising tensions in the town of 21,000 and sparked national debate . One side says the African-American teenager was surrendering , his hands in the air to show he was unarmed , when the officer opened fire . Authorities counter that Brown had attacked the officer in his car and tried to take his gun . After a vigil for the teen devolved into chaos Sunday when violence and looting broke out among some protesters , NAACP President Cornell William Brooks called Monday for people protesting Brown 's death to do so nonviolently . "  We have seen young people giving in to violence and frustration and rage . It may be inexcusable . It is not unexpected , " Brooks told reporters . "  But I say to my young brothers and sisters , note the young man whose rage is your heart , note that he was nonviolent . He never got into a fight . If you want to honor his memory , honor his memory by seeking justice nonviolently . " Witnesses to Brown 's shooting say he was unarmed and had his hands in the air when the police officer shot him . Authorities tell a different story . St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar says the officer tried to get out of his vehicle just before the shooting , but Brown pushed him back into his car . Brown "  physically assaulted " the officer , Belmar said , and the teen tried to get the officer 's weapon . Brown was shot about 35 feet from the vehicle , the chief said , declining to provide more details . The officer 's name has not been released by authorities . "  The genesis of this was a physical confrontation , " Belmar said , adding that his department has been called in to conduct an independent investigation . The Ferguson Police Department said its cars are not equipped with dashboard cameras . Shell casings collected at the scene were from the officer 's weapon , Belmar said . Monday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the shooting "  deserves a fulsome review " by federal investigators . "  At every step , we will work with the local investigators , who should be prepared to complete a thorough , fair investigation in their own right . I will continue to receive regular updates on this matter in the coming days , " Holder said in a statement . "  Aggressively pursuing investigations such as this is critical for preserving trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve . " Mother : ` No violence , just justice ' The lawyer representing Brown 's parents called Monday for a swift investigation . "  We want this investigation to be done fairly , and we make a demand to the Justice Department to come in and help restore trust and confidence in the process of equal justice . ... This family is very distrustful . This community is very distrustful , " attorney Benjamin Crump told reporters , calling for witnesses to come forward . Brown 's parents urged people to remain calm . "  No violence , just justice , " the teen 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , told reporters . McSpadden said her son recently graduated from high school and was supposed to start college Monday . "  We ca n't even celebrate , " she said . "  We 've got to plan a funeral . " Standing beside the teen 's family , Brooks said the NAACP is committed to determining what happened . "  We are committed to this family , committed to seeking justice , committed to being a presence , day-in and day-out , " he told reporters . Mayor calls for calm "  Obviously , the events of last night are not indicative of who we are , " Ferguson Mayor James Knowles said on CNN on Monday morning , adding that Sunday night 's chaos was "  not constructive " and was only "  bringing down the community . " St. Louis County Police said 32 people were arrested and shots were fired at police . Monday , St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch said charges had been filed against about 10 people in connection with burglaries of several businesses . "  What occurred last night , the mob action , we know certainly is not representative of what 's going on and what the people in the neighborhood necessarily think , " he said . Flanked by several from the community Sunday , McSpadden was McSpadden was emotional as she shouted into a television reporter 's microphone . "  You took my son away from me ! You know how hard it was for me to get him to stay in school and graduate ? You know how many black men graduate ? Not many ! " she said . "  Because you bring them down to this type of level where they feel they do n't got nothing to live for anyway !  They feel  they gon na try to take me out anyway ! " Others who gathered shouted at police . "  We will stay out here as long as you are ! " they screamed at officers . Many of the officers appeared stoic , watching young men kneel before them and raise their hands up to symbolize surrender , but one officer can be heard on video yelling back , calling protesters "  animals . " Some in Ferguson are demanding that the name of the officer who shot the teenager be released . Monday afternoon , Jackson -- the police chief -- said he plans to release the name in the next 24 hours . Authorities want to make sure the officer is in a safe location , he said . ` Lost control ' "  Last night , everything lost control , " Knowles said Monday . He was asked about the officer who called protesters "  animals . " "  The officers did their best . They 're only human , " Knowles responded , adding that not every police officer present was from the Ferguson department . Sunday 's gathering became more intense as some people broke windows at a store and began taking things from it . They threw rocks and bottles . Gunshots rang out . Antonio French , an alderman in St. Louis , said a QuikTrip gas station was looted and an ATM dragged out . "  This QuikTrip is where things started  Saturday  with this case , based on various accounts , " French said . The slain teenager and a friend were "  accused of stealing gum from the store or some sort of cigarettes , " the alderman said . "  People have a lot of anger and are frustrated , " French said . "  They do n't have recourse in the system , and it happens often in this country , and it has boiled over . I think people are angry and looking for a reason to let it out tonight . " Knowles said he wants to let the independent investigation into Brown 's death take its course . He plans to meet with Brown 's parents soon and will meet with clergy in Ferguson and African-American leadership in the town . Whatever the investigation 's findings , "  we will deal with that , " he said . Multiple gunshots An autopsy will determine how many times Brown was shot . The medical examiner for St. Louis County , Mary Case , said Monday afternoon the autopsy is complete , but she would not give details and said St. Louis County police will release the information . Toxicology results on Brown 's body are pending . On the number of times Brown might have been shot , Belmar has said , "  It was more than just a couple . " "  We do n't know what happened , and there are lots of conflicting stories , " Knowles said . "  Unfortunately , there will have to be some time taken to understand what happened . Hopefully , we will get to an understanding , and justice will be served . " The officer who shot Brown is on paid administrative leave during the investigation and will be available to talk to county homicide detectives . He has been with the force for six years and will be required to undergo two psychological evaluations before returning to duty , Belmar said . Crump , who also handled the case of Trayvon Martin in Florida , said Monday that Brown 's family is "  devastated " and does n't believe that the teenager got into a physical confrontation with police . Martin , 17 , was killed in 2012 by a Florida neighborhood watch organizer who was acquitted last year of murder charges . The high-profile case sparked a heated nationwide discussion of race as well as debate over Florida 's "  stand your ground " law . Monday , Crump said Brown 's shooting once again highlights "  the senseless death of a young boy of color at the hands of people who are supposed to protect and serve them . " "  Their son was doing all the right things , " Crump said . "  Graduating from high school , never been in trouble . And for this to happen , for him to be killed in broad daylight ... they want answers just like everybody else in the community . " Trayvon Martin case fast facts Opinion : How many unarmed people have to die ? CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Catherine E. Shoichet wrote in Atlanta , and George Howell reported from Missouri . CNN 's Devon Sayers , Shawn Nottingham , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Shimon Prokupecz , Julian Cummings , Jason Carroll , Dave Mattingly , Dave Alsup , Melanie Whitley , Joe Sutton , Faith Karimi , Mayra Cuevas , Shirley Henry , Julian Cummings and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Police chief : Shots were fired and "  tear gas was deployed " amid new violence Michael Brown was shot by police , sparking outrage in Ferguson , Missouri U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder says civil rights investigators have launched an inquiry NAACP president : "  Honor his memory by seeking justice nonviolently "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama on Thursday criticized a recent vote by Democratic presidential rival Sen. Hillary Clinton as helping to give President Bush a "  blank check " to take military action against Iran . Sen. Barack Obama says Sen. Hillary Clinton has shown "  flawed " judgment . "  We know in the past that the president has used some of the flimsiest excuses to try to move his agenda regardless of what Congress says , " Obama said in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Last month , Clinton voted to support a resolution declaring Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , an elite part of the Iranian military , a foreign terrorist group .  The nonbinding amendment to the Defense Authorization Act passed by a 76-22 vote . Obama said he would have voted against the measure but did n't because he was campaigning in New Hampshire at the time . He said it was impossible to know when votes will be scheduled in the Senate . "  This is a problem " related to running for president , he said . Obama said Clinton also had shown "  flawed " judgment during the vote to authorize the Iraq war five years ago . "  We know that there was embodied in this legislation , or this resolution sent to the Senate , language that would say our Iraqi troop structures should in part be determined by our desire to deal with Iran , " Obama said . "  Now if you know that in the past the president has taken a blank check and cashed it , we do n't want to repeat that mistake . " Clinton on Thursday defended her vote on the resolution during an interview on New Hampshire Public Radio , saying "  what I voted on was a nonbinding resolution . It 's not an amendment . It 's not a law . " While Clinton was campaigning Sunday in New Hampton , Iowa , an audience member at a town hall-style meeting pressed her on why she voted for the Iran measure and asked why she had n't learned from past "  mistakes . " Calling "  the premise of the question " wrong , the senator from New York argued the resolution calls for the terrorist label so that sanctions can be imposed . The sanctions , Clinton said , will in turn "  send a clear message to the leadership " and lead to stronger diplomatic efforts . Earlier this month , Clinton also co-sponsored legislation with Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , that would prohibit military operations against Iran without congressional approval . Obama 's comments came on the fifth anniversary of the 77-23 Senate vote that authorized the president to use force against Iraq . Obama , then an Illinois state senator , spoke out against the resolution authorizing force at the time . Clinton 's 2002 vote shows a clear difference in judgment between the two of them , Obama said . Watch as Obama questions Clinton 's judgment " "  I do n't think it disqualified her , but I think it speaks to her judgment and it speaks to my judgment , " Obama said . "  It speaks to how we will make decisions going forward . "  I think her judgment was flawed on this issue . " Obama said he also will step up efforts to clarify his differences with Clinton , whom many political observers view as the front-runner for the Democratic nomination . "  There 's no doubt we are moving into a different phase of the campaign , " Obama said . "  The first part of a campaign is to offer some biography and give people a sense of where I 've been and what I am about . "  In this next phase , we want to make sure that voters understand that on big issues , like the decision to go into the war in Iraq , I had real differences with the other candidates , and that reflects on my judgment . " Another leading Democratic candidate , John Edwards , also voted in 2002 to authorize force in Iraq while he was then a senator from North Carolina . He later called his vote a mistake . In a veiled swipe at Clinton , Obama also suggested he could better unite the country and offer "  something new , as opposed to looking backward and simply duplicating some of the politics that we 've become so accustomed to , that frankly the American people are sick of . " Obama would not say whether he would consider Clinton as his running mate should he become the Democratic Party 's nominee . "  I think Sen. Clinton is a very capable person , " he said . "  Right now , my goal is to make sure I am the nominee , and she is still the senator from New York . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Scott Anderson and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Hillary Clinton defends vote on resolution , saying "  it 's not a law " Sen. Barack Obama : President could use Iran measure to justify military action Obama says Clinton 's vote for resolution shows "  flawed " judgment Differences with Clinton will be clear in "  next phase " of campaign , Obama says
Washington  CNN  -- With approval in hand to arm and train Syrian rebels to fight the ISIS terror group , President Barack Obama said Thursday the plan keeps with "  the key principle " of U.S. strategy : No American combat troops on the ground . "  The American troops deployed to Iraq do not and will not have a combat mission , " he said in televised remarks from the White House . "  Their mission is to advise and assist our partners on the ground . ... We can destroy ISIL without having our troops fight another ground war in the Middle East . " Obama said more than 40 countries , including Arab nations , have offered assistance in the battle against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , which calls itself the Islamic State . The developments came as ISIS advanced its grip on portions of Syria and Iraq , seizing 16 predominantly Kurdish villages near the Turkish border . The move by ISIS was just one in a series of developments that saw new reports of atrocities emerge and the release of a video of a captive British journalist criticizing the American and British governments . Citing the Sunni terror group 's brutality , from beheading civilians -- including American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff -- to the mass execution of its opponents , Obama said the United States will not back down . "  With their barbaric murder of two Americans , these terrorists thought they could frighten us or intimidate us or cause us to shrink from the world , " Obama said . "  But today they are learning the same hard lesson of petty tyrants and terrorists who have gone before , as Americans we do not give into fear . When you harm our citizens , when you threaten the United States , when you threaten our allies , it does n't frighten us . It unites us . " The question now appears to be not if , but when the United States will strike ISIS in its stronghold in northern Syria . The U.S. military has everything it needs to strike ISIS targets in Syria , a plan that officials told CNN is still waiting on Obama 's signoff . ISIS , meanwhile , is modifying its behavior , from the way it communicates to the way it conceals itself , in response to potential U.S. airstrikes in Syria , U.S. military officials told CNN . The officials expressed confidence the airstrikes would be effective . As top U.S. military leadership approved a plan to strike ISIS in Syria , the Senate on Thursday gave final congressional approval to Obama 's proposal . The House approved Obama 's request on Wednesday . U.S. military on deck At the same time , U.S. lawmakers have been debating the best way to stop ISIS . In testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said America 's top military leaders have developed a plan to hit ISIS targets in the terror group 's stronghold in northern Syria . Obama has been briefed on those plans , which were approved by Hagel and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . For weeks , U.S. intelligence and military targeting specialists have been working around the clock on a list of potential targets in Syria . The list is expected to be shown to Obama one more time , U.S. military officials said . An analysis of the risks of bombing inside Syria will be included , as well as an assessment of how the destruction of the targets could degrade ISIS , they said . Carrying out airstrikes against ISIS in Syria would be a continuation of the U.S. military operation in Iraq , where American airstrikes are being carried out against the group . U.S. airstrikes on Thursday struck an ISIS training camp southeast of Mosul , the group 's stronghold in Iraq , the U.S. military said . Another strike southeast of Baghdad damaged an ISIS ammunition stockpile , according to the military . Read more : U.S. ready to strike ISIS , officials say French air support In his remarks , Obama said the United States is building a "  broad international coalition . " As part of that coalition , France will join the air campaign in Iraq , he said . Read more : Who is doing what in the coalition ? France carried out its first airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq on Friday morning , President Francois Hollande announced in a statement . It used Rafale fighter jets to attack a logistics warehouse used by the group in northeastern Iraq , the statement said , adding that the target had been "  reached and completely destroyed . " Further operations will be conducted in the next few days . Hollande said Thursday that there had been French reconnaissance flights over Iraq this week . When officials "  identify targets , we will act " in a short time frame , he told reporters in Paris . Hollande thanked the United Arab Emirates for allowing France to use an air base there . Hollande stressed that France "  will not go beyond " air support and will not send ground troops into Iraq . Iraq : More than 1,000 soldiers MIA ISIS captured 16 predominantly Kurdish villages in northern Syria over the past 24 hours , a Syrian opposition group said . ISIS fighters used artillery and tanks against the villages along the Syria-Turkey border , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Just as in Syria , the crisis in Iraq continues to unfold . Iraq 's Human Rights Ministry said Thursday that 1,095 Iraqi soldiers still are missing after an ISIS attack in June on a military base formerly known as Camp Speicher . ISIS says it killed 1,700 Iraqi troops in the attack . The Iraqi government has n't released a number of those killed ; Human Rights Watch says ISIS executed hundreds of soldiers . The news came as ISIS released a video of British hostage John Cantlie criticizing the American and British governments for their failure to negotiate for the hostages as other governments have done . In a video posted online , Cantlie -- wearing an orange shirt and seated alone at a desk with a black backdrop -- says he is sending what will be the first in a series of messages on behalf of the group that calls itself the Islamic State . Since Cantlie is delivering ISIS propaganda and makes clear in the video he is speaking under duress , CNN is not showing the video on its platforms . In recent weeks , ISIS has drawn growing attention for spewing brutal propaganda across social media -- messages meant both to terrify and recruit Westerners . The group appears to have a well-funded , well-organized social media and video production effort . Its videos are slickly produced , with high production values , experts say . The anatomy of ISIS : How the ` Islamic State ' is run , from oil to beheadings Friends of Alan Henning plead with ISIS to let him go Inside the mind of an ISIS fighter Barbara Starr reported from Washington , and Chelsea J. Carter wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan , Ashley Fantz , Elise Labott , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Marion Lory contributed to this report .	NEW : French President says France has carried out its first airstrikes against ISIS President Barack Obama says more than 40 countries have offered assistance The U.S. military has approved a plan to strike ISIS in Syria , officials said ISIS captured 16 villages in northern Syria in the past day , opposition group says
CNN  -- What would prompt a 23-year-old man , born and raised in France , to chase a small , terrified Jewish girl into a school courtyard , look her in the eye and shoot her in the head ? The very idea brings back memories of the 1940s , of an era that many Europeans have worked diligently , with considerable success , to put behind them . But the echoes of history should not be silenced . The tragedy of Toulouse is a call to take another look at that crucial fight against the poisonous prejudice that ultimately devastated Europe in the middle of the 20th century . I believe an honest examination will reveal a blind spot among those fighting prejudice that has allowed the ancient Jew hatred that infected Europe for centuries to survive . The blind spot is this : When the prejudice -- and even the call for murder -- is made in connection with the Palestinian cause , people look the other way and give it a pass . Blood-chilling security camera video from the city of Toulouse on Monday shows a man we now believe was Mohammed Merah shooting 7-year-old Miriam Monsonego as her mother watched . The chase and murder came moments after he shot two other children -- 4-year-old Gabriel and 5-year-old Arieh -- and their father , Jonathan Sandler , a rabbi and teacher at the Jewish school . Days earlier , Merah had allegedly killed three French soldiers of Arab origin . Initially , the fact that he had murdered both Arabs and Jews made people conclude that this was the work of a racist , right-wing extremist . In recent years , Europeans have been alarmed by anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim sentiment . With a presidential election around the corner in France , the murders quickly took on political significance . But the trail led to Merah , a self-described jihadist . Merah apparently called a television station to explain his actions , saying he wanted to "  take revenge on the law against the full Islamic veil  in France  and also on France 's participation in the war in Afghanistan and to protest against the situation in Palestine . " The prime minister of the Palestinian Authority , Salam Fayyad , reacted indignantly to the familiar , phony link . "  It is time for those criminals , " he said , "  to stop exploiting the name of Palestine through their terrorist actions . " It 's not just the criminals and the terrorists who should stop . It is time to stop excusing anti-Semitic calls for the murder of Jews as an acceptable outgrowth of the Palestinian cause . A couple of years ago , I was in the Netherlands when a pro-Palestinian demonstration broke into a familiar chant : "  Hamas , Hamas , Jews to the gas . " The "  Jews to the gas " is a common cheer at Dutch soccer games . This was nothing new . What was new is that this demonstration included a Dutch member of Parliament , Harry van Bommel of the Socialist Party , who continued along as his comrades called for a repeat of the Holocaust . Political leaders and government authorities often act dismissively when Jews are the target of violence , particularly from Arabs . When a Jewish girl was beaten at school by five Muslim girls who called her a "  dirty Jew " and shouted that she should "  return to your country , " community leaders said they were "  exasperated " by the endless attacks on Belgian Jews and asked the government to take action . Viviane Teitelbaum , a Jewish member of Parliament , condemned the failure of the Belgian media and the political establishment to speak out . The earlier confusion in Toulouse is understandable . After all , when Jews are murdered , the killer could come from the left or from the right . It 's easy to blame the situation of the Arab-Israel conflict , but Jean-Yves Camus , a French expert in extremism , says today 's prejudice includes the "  new anti-Semitism " from radicalized Muslims and the old-fashioned hatred from the right , including neo-Nazis . Often , when the Palestinian link is made , the prejudice comes from the left , couched as passion for human rights . At times , human rights activists seem to have no problem with anti-Semitism -- even of the genocidal variety -- condemning it forcefully only if it is accompanied by anti-immigrant or anti-Muslim sentiment . Just days before the Toulouse murders , on March 19 , the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva hosted an event featuring a high official from Hamas . That is a group whose easily obtainable charter calls not just for the creation of a Palestinian state , which is something I , like many other people , wholeheartedly support . But Hamas ' charter also declares : "  Israel will exist and will continue to exist until Islam will obliterate it . ... The Day of Judgment will not come about until Muslims fight the Jews  killing the Jews  . ... " If a white supremacist organization advocated genocide as this one does , polite society would keep its distance , at the very least . Instead , polite society contributes to a campaign to demonize Israel , fueling the hatred that is then unleashed against Jews in France and elsewhere . Last week , a U.N. official posted to Twitter a picture of a heartbreakingly injured Palestinian girl , tweeting "  Another child killed by #Israel ... " Turns out it was a 2006 picture of a girl who died falling from a swing . Back in 2006 , Reuters had sent out the same picture , saying she was the target of a military strike , but later retracted it , explaining that the girl was the victim of a playground accident . Portraying Israelis as baby killers fits neatly into the old anti-Semitic narrative that outrageously claims Jews kill Christian children to make Passover matzos . These types of "  errors " are all too common , and they contribute to an air of anti-Israel and anti-Jewish sentiment . In Europe , that falls on fertile ground . At least 400 anti-Semitic  which means anti-Jewish , for those who will argue Arabs are also Semites  incidents are recorded yearly in France . French Jews have been killed in bombings . Belgian Jewish children are beaten , and Dutch Jews are afraid to wear their traditional head cover outside because it so often leads to pummelings . A just-released survey in 10 European countries found that 24 % of the French population holds anti-Jewish sentiment , up from 20 % in 2009 . In Hungary , Spain and Poland , anti-Semitic sentiment is "  off the charts , " according to Abraham Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League . Surveys show that 15 % of Americans hold anti-Jewish views . The sentiment is most common among European Muslims , some of whom have attended Islamic schools , whose Saudi-financed textbooks explained that Jews look like monkeys and pigs and seek "  world domination . " Why would a man kill small Jewish children ? The answer has intrigued historians and psychologists for many centuries . But the more urgent question is what we can do to stop it from happening again . And the answer is that the first requirement is telling the truth about anti-Jewish ideologies . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Toulouse shooting echoes the ravages of last century 's anti-Semitism in Europe She says it 's time to examine enduring European blind spot when it comes to anti-Semitism Examples abound that prejudice is given a pass if connected to Palestinian cause , she says Ghitis : This adds to air of anti-Israel , anti-Jewish sentiment that falls on fertile ground in Europe
CNN  -- In the aftermath of the 42-year rule of Moammar Gadhafi , the world is left wondering whether the bloodiest conflict in the popular unrest that has swept the Arab World will signal the rise of democracy in Libya or a descent into chaos . A group of economists is proposing one solution to help a strong Libya emerge from the smoldering ruins of civil war : Give all Libyans direct annual payments from oil revenue . Call it the ` Alaska solution . ' "  In 1982 then-governor Jay Hammond of Alaska said , ` Look , there is no check or balance on our use  of state oil revenue  , " said Todd Moss , a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development in Washington . Hammond started a program to give residents annual checks from the state 's petroleum fund . "  That held Hammond and all his successors into account . " Libya is a textbook example , Moss said , of what is known as the "  resource curse " - countries whose economies depend on oil , gas or other natural resource exports . It 's sometimes known as "  the paradox of plenty " - rather than create an economic boom , export cash from resource-rich nations often flows directly to corrupt leaders while most the population does n't share in the wealth . How to handle a sudden burst in commodity wealth is an issue that echoes around the globe , from the huge copper and coal mines plumbed in Mongolia , to the offshore gas fields in Ghana and vast tracts of lithium deposits in the Andes Mountains of Bolivia . "  Of course you have corruption , but I think the key thing about understanding how the resource curse works is it impedes economic and political development , " said Arvind Subramanian , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute of International Economics in Washington . Resource curse in the Arab World Research shows the more a nation 's economy is dependent on export of natural resources , the less that nation 's economy is likely to grow , says Ragnar Torvik , an economist at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology . "  But it 's a chicken and the egg question - is it natural resources that cause this low growth , or some bad economic and political conditions as a result of just specializing in natural resources ? " Torvik said . The unrest in the Arab world demonstrates the resource curse at play . "  Why was the population  of Libya  not able to get rid of Gadhafi by their own , as they did in Egypt and Tunisia ? One likely part of the answer is that the oil revenues in Libya is much more important than in Tunisia and Egypt , which gives the ruler a much wider menu of political choices to fight the democratic demands from the population , " Torvik said . "  And why was the response in Saudi Arabia to hand out large sums of cash to the people ? Presumably this was not because suddenly that they cared more about the people - the more likely answer is that this was a move to maintain political power and avoid demands for democracy , " Torvik said . "  So I think indeed the varieties of experience in the Middle East in the last months have much to do with oil revenues . " Major natural resources are n't necessarily a national curse . A recent survey of the 10 most livable cities by the Economist Intelligence Unit is dominated by cities in Canada and Australia - nations that both have booming commodities exports . While sub-Saharan countries like Nigeria and Congo have had moribund economic growth despite resource riches , diamond-rich Botswana is the fastest growing economy in Africa . "  Here in Norway we are one of the largest oil and gas exporters in the world ; I can observe that in Nigeria oil has been bad , but in Norway it is good , " Torvik said . A key difference between nations that do well with natural resources and those that are "  cursed " depends on the strength of government institutions before nations strike underground wealth , economists say . Botswana is one of the few sub-Saharan nations with a parliamentary system of government . Norway had 200 years of democracy before its off-shore oil industry took off in the 1970s . Instead of giving direct payments to citizens , Norway has plowed all its oil revenues into a public fund for use in education or other public works . "  We use 4 % of the fund every year , the ambition is you do n't eat the principal but live off the interest , " Torvik said . Mongolia grapples with ` curse ' On the steppes of Mongolia , the land of Genghis Khan has released a horde of coal and copper in recent years , causing an economic explosion in this landlocked nation in Central Asia . But worries are rising with its national coffers , Mongolian Prime Minister Sukhbaatar Batbold said . "  We talk a lot these days , and especially the last couple years , about the resource curse , " Batbold told CNN . "  We have seen the Norwegian experience of sharing the benefit with the people . We have seen the Chilean stability fund , we have seen Canadian and Alaskan model , " Batbold said . "  We should not reinvent the wheel , we should better learn and copy from good successes . " For example , Mongolia is using mining revenues to finance child cash benefits . Each Mongolian citizen will receive 536 shares from the privatization of the Tavan Tolgoi coal mine in southern Mongolia . "  Hopefully , the people will appreciate that they are responsible for an investment in their own future and that they will learn how to treat those shares and use them for benefit for themselves and their children in the future , rather than just selling them , " said Bill Gorman , president of the Mongolian Stock Exchange . Yet the challenges are stark for Mongolia , which has only has 20 years of democracy . The nation ranks 116th out of 187 nations in the 2010 Transparency International corruption perceptions . One-third of Mongolia 's 2.8 million people live below the poverty line . Corruption "  is an enormous problem , but one of things we 're hoping to do with our partnership with the London Stock Exchange is to make certain the listed companies have proper transparency and management , " said Gorman of the Mongolian Stock Exchange . Are taxes the solution ? Giving direct payments to Libyans , Subramanian and Moss argue , is a way for a new government in Tripoli to foster closer economic ties with its citizens - through taxes . Taxes create an incentive for the government to make broad improvements across the economy to increase government revenues . And , as the Tea Party phenomenon in the U.S. shows , taxes create a populace that is deeply interested in how government spends its cash . "  They are going to watch the government like a hawk , " Moss said . "  If one year people get a $ 500 check  from oil revenues  and the next year they get $ 400 , they 're going to wonder why . " "  People think  an oil find  is Manna from heaven , so you do n't need to tax , " Subramanian says . "  But that severs that two-way relationship between the governed and those who are governed . " Two practical problems to giving away oil cash : Convincing leaders it 's in their best interests , and the modalities of getting that cash to citizens . "  The latter is actually the easiest ... there 's been a lot of advances in biometrics , such as iris scanning and fingerprinting , along with e-banking through cell phones , " Moss said . Trying to talk leaders in resource-rich countries to give it away , however , is another matter . Both Moss and Subramanian have approached leaders in Ghana and Nigeria , respectively , to distribute it - both were rebuffed . Still , a new government in Libya could have a unique "  constitutional moment " to allow its oil profits to flow directly to the populace , Subramanian said . "  Libya is a country that has had virtually no political development for nearly 50 years , " he said . Adds Moss : "  When you have a moment of transition , there 's a lot of uncertainty - that 's a moment you can lock into a certain kind of path you may not find for another generation . " CNN 's Anna Coren contributed to this report	` Resource curse ' hits economies depend on oil , gas or other natural resource exports ` Paradox of plenty ' can prop up weak or corrupt leaders at expense of economic growth Some economists believe countries like Libya could reform through sharing oil wealth Many countries , such as Botswana and Norway , have avoided the ` resource curse '
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Two charges against Chris Brown were dropped Tuesday , but the singer is still accused of hit and run after a minor traffic crash . Brown 's lawyer entered a not guilty plea on his behalf and a judge ordered him to show up at a sheriff 's station within a week to be officially booked on the charge , according to a court spokesman . The prosecutor dismissed charges of driving without a license and driving without proof of insurance during a hearing Tuesday in a Van Nuys , California , court . Brown allegedly sped away from the accident scene in May after a confrontation with the driver of another car , having refusing to provide his name , driver 's license and insurance information . The hit and run charge threatens Brown 's freedom since it led a judge to revoke his probation last week in connection with his conviction in the beating of his girlfriend , Rihanna . The judge allowed Brown to remain free until a trial is held . A Brown representative said last week that the singer expected all of the charges to be dropped and probation reinstated this week . Brown , 24 , was already facing a probation violation trial after prosecutors accused him of not completing the community labor ordered for his 2009 felony assault conviction . Brown was ordered to return to court on August 16 for a hearing to set a trial date to determine if the probation revocation will stand . If it does , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin could order Brown to jail to serve part of the original five-year jail sentence imposed for the attack on Rihanna . A woman whose Mercedes was allegedly rear-ended by a Range Rover that Brown was driving on a Los Angeles street told investigators that he "  went ballistic " after the traffic accident and screamed at her . According to the police report on the incident , the other driver , Olga Gure , quoted Brown as shouting at her : "  You are a b -- h ! " The report added more from Gure , who quoted Brown as saying , "  Who do you think you are , b -- h ? Do you think if you driving Mercedes so got money , b -- h ? Do you think I am just a black n -- r ? I got more money than you , b -- h ! " The trigger for Brown 's alleged rage was that Gure took a photo of him and his girlfriend , Karrueche Tran , to document the scene -- since he allegedly refused to show her his driver 's license , she said . When Brown tried to grab the camera , Tran screamed , "  Do n't touch her , do n't touch her , " Gure said . "  I was so shocked that I was speechless , " she said . "  Just a moment ago he was a nice guy . After screaming some insulting nonsense for a while longer , he slammed a door and drove away fast and noisy . " Brown 's Twitter defense Brown used his Twitter account to protest the traffic charges last month : "  It 's not a hit and run if u get out the car , exchange information  who has NO DAMAGE to either cars  . This is really ridiculous " "  I have a valid drivers license and I gave the woman the right info . She saw cameras and wanted to make a scene . " "  She contacted the cops thinking of a payday from Chris Brown when I followed the proper procedures . " "  My lawyers will be contacting you . I will not stand for this bullying and yellow journalism ! " "  My profile pic is the pic I took of the persons car after "  the hit and run " . NO damage . Just a dirty car . once again , I got ta clear my name " "  I work my ass off to provide for my entire family . I 've made mistakes in the past and have worked hard to be a better person . " "  19-24 years of age . I do n't have all the answers and you ca n't show me a person that age who has it figured out . We live and grow . Let me live " Other probation violation charge Brown punched Rihanna inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street , leaving her face bruised and bloody on the eve of the Grammy Awards in February 2009 . He entered a guilty plea seven months later and was sentenced to serve five years ' probation and to spend more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service " for the assault conviction . The judge allowed him to serve the sentence in Richmond , Virginia , under the direct supervision of the police chief . In a court filing in February 2013 , prosecutors accused Brown of not completing the community labor . The paperwork Brown submitted to show he had completed community labor is "  at best sloppy documentation and at worst fraudulent reporting , " District Attorney Jackie Lacey said . Brown was n't in town on some of the dates reported , the motion said . Geragos , Brown 's attorney , said the prosecutor 's filing was so fraudulent that he would ask the judge to punish the deputy district attorneys involved and call for a contempt of court hearing for filing false documents with the court . "  And I do n't mean just false , it is fraudulent , " Geragos said . The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office has "  tortured " Brown during his probation more than any client he 's ever had , Geragos said . The prosecutor is asking the judge to order him to restart his 1,400 hours of community service under the supervision of a Los Angeles probation officer . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Chris Brown must report for booking within a week Brown 's rep previously said they expected hit and run charge to be dropped Traffic charge could mean jail for Brown because of his probation in Rihanna beating Brown faces trial to determine whether he violated probation
CNN  -- Ferguson , Missouri , has been in the national spotlight since Saturday when 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot and killed by a local police officer . Witnesses said the teen was unarmed ; police say that he had tried to get an officer 's gun . Outrage quickly followed the shooting as many in the town charged that the killing was racially motivated . The teenager was black . The officer has not yet been identified publicly . Turmoil has broken out , dozens have marched in the street and tensions are high . As the story continues to develop , here 's a quick look at its backdrop -- Ferguson , a suburb in the shadow of St. Louis : 1 . Are racial tensions getting worse ? Antonio French is a St. Louis alderman who lives near Ferguson . He told CNN on Monday that racial tensions in the suburb are n't unique to Ferguson but part of a larger and wider frustration that has been worsening over time in the area -- a notion that a Washington Post article explores . "  What 's happening in Ferguson is n't different from a lot of municipalities out here in St. Louis County ... small municipalities that have large African-American population and very few black police officers , " French said , adding that there is a disconnect between the people and those who police them . "  Tensions have been rising for years and years , " he said . Ferguson is a predominately black community with a mostly white police force . Only three of the city 's 53 officers are African-American . It 's a statistic Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson says he 's working to improve . He told CNN that racial profiling is "  strictly forbidden . " "  We actually have mandatory racial profiling training that we have to take to be certified , " he said . "  Racial profiling is against our policies . It actually benefits nothing . " 2 . Who lives in Ferguson ? According to the most recent census , 67 % of Ferguson 's community is black ; 29 % is white ; there is less than 1 % Asian and Native American . A little more than 1 % of the population is Hispanic or Latino . Its residents are mostly young ; the average age is 31 . Median household income is about $ 37,000 . Twenty two percent of people in Ferguson live below the poverty line . 3 . Where is it ? About 10 miles north of downtown St. Louis , Ferguson is one of many cities that comprise St. Louis County . The first thing you see when you click on the Ferguson city website is a community family fun fair happening this weekend in the St. Louis suburb of 22,400 and a video that promises to describe the town . Bluesy , folksy music plays while a camera pans down well-trimmed streets dotted with large homes . 4 . What do its leaders say ? "  Everyone knows everyone . Everyone feels like they 're comfortable no matter who they are , " Councilman Dwayne James says in the video . Mayor James Knowles describes the businesses that are flourishing -- new lofts , a farmer 's market , a brew-and-coffee house . He hopes they will help bring people to the city and encourage them to stay , including the younger crowd from nearby University of Missouri-St . Louis . "  The whole city is kind of like the bar in ` Cheers . ' You know , it 's the place where everybody knows your name , " Knowles says . 5 . What 's the city 's history ? William B. Ferguson founded the city in 1894 as a station for a railroad . Ferguson is proud of its history . "  Historic preservation is a big part of what we do in Ferguson because it 's one of those resources that can not be replicated . You can always rebuild a house but you can not rebuild the integrity and the history that is in some of our historic homes and some of our historic buildings . And so maintaining that 's always been a big part of Ferguson , " the mayor says in the video . What we know about Michael Brown 's shooting Teen was two days away from starting college Opinion : How many unarmed people have to die ? CNN 's Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Three of the city 's 53 officers are African-American 67 % of Ferguson 's population is black ; 29 % is white It 's about 10 miles north of downtown St. Louis Mayor : "  It 's the place where everybody knows your name "
It was a hot-button trial that drew comparisons to the proceedings against George Zimmerman in the killing of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin . The outcome , however , was vastly different . The jury in the case of Michael Dunn found him guilty Saturday night on four charges , including three of attempted second-degree murder , but they could n't reach a verdict on the most significant charge -- first-degree murder in the death of 17-year-old Jordan Davis . The decision came on the eve of what would have been Davis ' 19th birthday . "  It was too long before victims ' voices were heard , " Florida State Attorney Angela Corey , who also prosecuted the Zimmerman case , said after the verdict . "  Justice for Jordan Davis is as important as it is for any of our other victims , " she added , saying that the Zimmerman verdict had nothing to do with her pursuit of the Dunn case . Like the Dunn trial , the earlier case had racial overtones and claims of self-defense , but Zimmerman was found not guilty in Martin 's death on July 13 , 2013 . The verdict inflamed passions throughout the nation . Zimmerman trial : Where are they now ? Davis ' shooting also angered many people . It happened on November 23 , 2012 , when Dunn , who is white , pulled into a gas station in Jacksonville , parking next to a red SUV full of black teenagers . Loud music blared from the car . Dunn expressed his displeasure . Words were exchanged . Dunn opened fire , killing Davis . Dunn said he saw a gun . The teens were unarmed , prosecutors said . Moments before the Dunn verdict , Benjamin Crump , the attorney for the family of Trayvon Martin , appeared on CNN . He urged viewers to "  respect " the jury 's decision . "  Do not do like the killers of our children , who have taken the law into their own hands , " he said . After the verdict , Crump said : "  As black males and black people in America , and other minorities and Hispanics as well , it is somehow , if you kill us , the justice system is n't equal . It is almost as if your life is less valuable ... The rules are different . If it were equal , I believe Michael Dunn would have been convicted of first-degree murder . " Still , Davis ' mother , Lucia McBath , expressed her gratitude to the jury . "  We are so grateful for the truth , " she said . "  It 's a long , long road , " she said , "  and we 're so very happy to have just a little bit of closure . " She added , "  It 's sad for Mr. Dunn that he will live the rest of his life with that sense of torment , and I will pray for him , and I 've asked my family to pray for him . " Ron Davis , the teen 's father , said he had waited 450 days for this moment . "  The whole world is looking at all of us here in Jacksonville , " he said . Dunn 's lawyer , Cory Strolla , talked about an appeal but acknowledged the likelihood that his client , at age 47 , was looking at "  basically a life sentence . " The jury convicted Dunn on three counts of attempted second-degree murder , one for each of the other teens in the SUV . Dunn was also found "  guilty of shooting ... as charged in the indictment , " according to the jury 's decision read out in court . As the verdict became clear about 7 p.m. ET Saturday , Dunn looked ahead solemnly with a frown but no tears . Strolla said his client was "  in disbelief . " "  Even as he sat next to me , he asked , ` how is this happening , ' " Strolla said . " ... It has not set in . I do n't think it will set in anytime soon . " Given the attention and emotions tied to the case , a "  comprehensive public safety plan " was established ahead of a verdict , according to the Duval County joint information center handling the Dunn trial . Throughout the deliberations , dozens of protesters gathered , many carrying signs calling for justice for Jordan Davis . After the verdict , there was calm . Outside court , Bishop Rudolph W. McKissick Jr. , senior pastor of Bethel Baptist Institutional Church in Jacksonville , had tears in his eyes as he described feeling numb . "  Not completely satisfied , you know , " he said . "  At the end of the day , we walk away saying Jordan Davis was not vindicated . And I do n't want us to get lost in the guilty verdicts and think that everything is justified . It 's not . They walked away saying we could not decide that this man killed in cold blood a young man because he did n't like the loudness of his music , and , to us , that 's sad . " Bishop John Guns of St. Paul Church in Jacksonville noted that the verdict came on the eve of the day the victim was born . "  How do we celebrate that ? " he asked . "  We have to make a decision that we have to really begin to look seriously at our legal system , at the application of the stand your ground law and some of the other dynamics that created the conditions and climate that brought about this . Jordan Davis will not die in vain . " On Facebook and Twitter , observers also voiced opinions . On Twitter , Lauren Chief Elk , wrote , "  A mistrial : What an incredible demonstration of the legal system protecting and upholding white male rights and interests . " A blogger named Courtney tweeted : "  I just never want to have to hear about anything like this ever again . But I know I will ... "	Closely watched trial drew comparisons to Trayvon Martin case Florida State Attorney : "  It was too long before victims ' voices were heard " Jordan Davis ' mother , Lucia McBath : "  We 're so very happy to have just a little bit of closure " Michael Dunn 's lawyer said his client was "  in disbelief " at verdict
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- The death toll from a tropical storm that pummeled the Philippines rose to at least 447 on Sunday , according to the national chairman of the Philippine Red Cross . The vast majority of the bodies were found in the cities of Iligan and Cagayan de Oro , according to military officials and the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . Five people were killed in a landslide , but all others died in flash flooding . The provinces of Compostela Valley and Zamboanga del Norte were also hit , added Benito Ramos , chairman of the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . About 400 people remain missing after Tropical Storm Washi , which is called Sendong locally . More than 2,000 have been rescued , the country 's military reported . Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin said officials are investigating reports that an entire village was swept away . Philippine Red Cross Chairman Richard Gordon will travel to the stricken region Monday to assess the damage , according to a statement from the organization . Authorities have also begun distributing food rations for some 10,000 families affected by the storm , while also handing out thousands of blankets and mosquito nets , the Red Cross reported Saturday . Flash flooding overnight Friday -- following 10 hours of rain -- fueled the devastation , compounded by overflowing rivers and tributaries . As much as 20 centimeters  8 inches  of rain fell within 24 hours in some areas . Ramos said despite government warning , some did not evacuate . An estimated 100,000 people are displaced , according to the Department of Social Welfare and Development . At least 20,000 people were staying in 10 evacuation centers in Cagayan de Oro , Social Welfare Secretary Dinky Soliman said Saturday . Some 20,000 soldiers embarked on search-and-rescue operations , the military said . Officials asked for volunteers to pack food to send to those displaced . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed her condolences on behalf of the U.S. government and said the United States "  stands ready to assist Philippine authorities as they respond to this tragedy . " CNN Meteorologist Ivan Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : Philippine Red Cross chairman will travel to stricken region Monday Emergency officials are distributing food rations , blankets and mosquito nets Officials estimate 100,000 are displaced They are investigating reports that an entire village was swept away
Clearly something is broken when a Missouri man named Jeff Mizanskey can be sentenced to die in prison for purchasing seven pounds of marijuana . With two nonviolent marijuana convictions already on his record , Jeff received life without parole under Missouri 's three strikes law . The punishment of growing old and dying behind bars for offenses like Mizanskey 's is extreme , tragic , and inhumane . This should outrage us , but it should not surprise us . This country has spent 40 years relentlessly ratcheting up the number of people going to prison and dramatically expanding the time we hold them there . We 've spent decades criminalizing people with drug dependency , passing extreme sentencing laws , and waging a war on drugs that has not diminished drug use . Small wonder , then , that even less serious crimes like Mizanskey 's marijuana purchase result in costly and cruel sentences . And Mizanskey is hardly the only one . Just as he fell into the abyss of our nation 's failed drug policies and excessive sentencing laws , millions more have sat in jails and prisons , often for years , even decades on end , for low-level drug and property offenses . While many of the lawmakers who passed harsh sentencing laws thought they were doing the right thing , the results are now in : This approach has devastated families and communities , generated high recidivism rates , drained state budgets from more productive investments , and has reinforced generations of poverty and disadvantage that disproportionately fall on communities of color . There were ways to hold Mizanskey and others like him accountable for their actions short of sentencing them to die in prison . We can and must do better . It 's time for states to end the costly criminalization of marijuana and recalibrate sentencing laws so that the punishment actually fits the crime as opposed to a politician 's reelection agenda . Public attitudes toward marijuana are rapidly evolving , and a Gallup poll last year found for the first time that a majority of Americans now favor legalization as a better course than criminalization . Unfortunately , laws and police practices that enforce them are out of step with public opinion . Nationally , nearly half of all drug arrests are for marijuana offenses . At least one person is arrested for marijuana possession every hour in Mizanskey 's home state of Missouri , which also wasted nearly $ 50 million on marijuana enforcement in 2010 . Although black people and white people use marijuana at about the same rate , a black person in Missouri was 2.6 times more likely to be arrested for having marijuana than a white person . The solution is clear . Instead of taxpayers spending millions of dollars on this unnecessary enforcement and keeping folks like Mizanskey in prison for the rest of their lives , states could follow Colorado and Washington by taxing and regulating marijuana and investing saved enforcement dollars in education , substance abuse treatment , and prevention and other health care . But even if states are not ready to expand their tax base in this manner , state lawmakers need to take a good , hard look at their sentencing laws and eliminate penalties that far outweigh the crimes they seek to punish . It is tempting to think that Mizanskey 's case is an anomaly , but that is not the case . According to a report released by the American Civil Liberties Union last year , there are currently 3,278 people serving life sentences without parole for nonviolent crimes , including marijuana offenses . Many of them , like Mizanskey , are there because of three-strikes laws and mandatory sentencing regimes . These policies force judges to impose excessively cruel sentences and forbid corrections officials from granting early release or parole , even despite exemplary records in prison . The good news is that there is a growing bipartisan consensus all over the country that our criminal justice system has gone too far and that we can and must safely downsize our prison population . Missouri recently reformed the three strikes law that sentenced Jeff to prison for life . If he were sentenced today , he could have received a significantly shorter sentence and be eligible for parole . As states like Missouri make these kinds of reforms , we must not forget the people who languish behind bars because of old sentencing laws now thought to be excessive . Smart reforms that correct past injustice should be made retroactive , and governors must use their clemency powers more frequently . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon should grant clemency to Jeff Mizanskey . Public safety is not served by having him die in prison . We 're not stuck with the criminal justice system that sentenced Jeff -- a system that too often is unproductive , wasteful , and unfair . Bad policies are made , and bad policies can and should be changed . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	A Missouri man received a life sentence for possessing marijuana Vanita Gupta : The country has spent decades ratcheting up penalty for drug infractions She says states must change sentencing laws so punishment fits the crime
Washington  CNN  -- Both sides agree that forced spending cuts set to take effect next week will harm the economy and national security . Both sides have plans for averting the worst impacts . So why are there no formal negotiations taking place with Congress on break this week as leaders from both parties accuse each other of intransigence ? Once again , the answer is the Washington blame game . The same pattern of politically inspired brinksmanship that dominated President Barack Obama 's first term is continuing in the early days of his second . Now , the collective weight of Obama 's re-election in November and the subsequent fiscal cliff deal in which Republicans conceded on tax increases makes compromise seem distant , if not impossible , in the short term . The central issue is the same one that framed last year 's presidential campaign . Republicans want to shrink the size of government and the spending needed to run it , while Democrats want to strengthen the safety net of federal programs that help the poor , the elderly , the disabled and other vulnerable communities . Obama and leaders of both parties warn the pending $ 85 billion in spending cuts set to kick in on March 1 bode ill for the nation , but the rhetoric so far has focused on blaming the other side . In an interview on Thursday with the radio program "  Keepin It Real with Al Sharpton , " Obama said GOP opposition to any further tax hikes or ending loopholes to raise more tax revenue was "  the thing that binds their party together at this point . " "  Unfortunately , I think Republicans have been so dug-in on this notion of never raising taxes that it becomes difficult for them to see an obvious answer right in front of them , " the president said . "  We continue to reach out to the Republicans and say , ` this is not gon na be good for the economy , it 's not gon na be good for ordinary people ' but I do n't know if they are going to move and that 's what we are going to have to try to keep pushing over the next seven , eight days , " Obama said . In an opinion piece published Wednesday in the Wall Street Journal , House Speaker John Boehner labeled the spending cuts "  ugly and dangerous , " saying they would diminish resources for the military , law enforcement , border security , aviation safety and other programs . However , the de facto GOP leader on the issue argued that his party 's agreement to raise tax rates on top income earners in January ended the discussion on further tax or revenue increases now . Instead , Boehner said he wanted other cuts to replace the across-the-board approach of sequestration , accusing Obama and Democrats of ignoring what he called the nation 's spending problem . "  The president got his higher taxes " with no spending cuts in the January deal , he wrote in the op-ed , adding that "  no one should be talking about raising taxes " with examples of rampant government spending such as "  paying people to play video games , giving folks free cell phones and buying $ 47,000 cigarette smoking machines . " Voters in November returned Obama to office and gave Democrats a stronger Senate majority while reducing the Republican majority in the House , leading to the January agreement on the fiscal cliff by the outgoing Congress in its final hours . That deal raised tax rates on families earning more than $ 450,000 and individuals earning above $ 400,000 while maintaining lower rates for everyone else . It also put off until March 1 the mandated spending cuts from a 2011 agreement that increased how much money the Treasury could borrow to meet financial obligations . Known in Washington jargon as sequestration , the forced spending cuts to the military and other government agencies -- but not entitlement programs that drive chronic federal deficits -- were intended to motivate Congress to come up with a comprehensive deficit-reduction plan sought by both sides . Obama more emotional on spending cuts However , such an agreement proved impossible in the hyper-political climate of an election year , and the government-wide cuts opposed by both sides now are set to take effect . That would mean $ 85 billion in cuts for the rest of fiscal year 2013 , which ends September 30 , as part of a 10-year total of about $ 1 trillion . Obama and Democrats are offering the same approach to the issue as a central theme of the election , calling for the wealthy to pay more as part of a package of spending cuts and increased revenue to replace the forced cuts of sequestration . Ratcheting up pressure on Republicans with Congress in recess for Presidents Day week , White House spokesman Jay Carney announced Thursday that Obama had phoned Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . He provided no details beyond describing the calls as "  good conversations . " Both Boehner and McConnell have complained that Obama refuses to address needed spending cuts and entitlement reforms to bring about substantive deficit reduction , and the timing of the phone calls appeared in response to questions about a lack of formal talks involving the president . A $ 110 billion proposal by Senate Democrats , which is similar to a plan by House Democrats , would replace the forced spending cuts for a year by getting more tax revenue from millionaires , stopping some agriculture subsidies and cutting military spending after the end of combat operations in Afghanistan in 2014 . "  You may not like what we 've proposed but at least let us have a vote in the House of Representatives , " Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , said Thursday in criticizing congressional Republicans . "  Come back here , call the Congress into session in the next eight days and let 's have a vote . If you want to vote no and say you prefer the consequences of the sequester to the alternative ... that 's your right . " On Tuesday , Obama held a campaign-style event at the White House to call for balancing the impact of deficit reduction so that the middle class and vulnerable citizens such as the elderly do n't get hit too hard . Speaking in near apocalyptic terms , the president warned of criminals going free , longer security lines at airports , reduced military readiness , fewer border guards , pre-schoolers losing access to Head Start programs and other problems if the full brunt of the spending cuts occur . Where you 'll feel forced spending cuts GOP leaders , meanwhile , seek to blame Obama for the forced spending cuts so that any hardships that result , such as predicted job losses and reductions in economic growth , get attributed to the president . "  The president 's sequester is the wrong way to reduce the deficit , but it is here to stay until Washington Democrats get serious about cutting spending , " wrote Boehner , R-Ohio , in the op-ed . "  The government simply can not keep delaying the inevitable and spending money it does n't have . So , as the president 's outrage about the sequester grows in coming days , Republicans have a simple response : Mr. President , we agree that your sequester is bad policy . What spending are you willing to cut to replace it ? " Congress passive as spending cuts near By using language such as "  the president 's sequester , " Boehner and Republicans want to implant a public perception that the plan was Obama 's all along . The White House concedes that it raised the idea of forced budget cuts during the negotiations in 2011 on the debt ceiling deal , but argues Republicans , including Boehner and other House leaders , agreed to making it part of the deal and then voted for it . Now , Carney says , Republicans acted like they never supported the idea . He insisted Thursday that Obama has offered the only legitimate compromise proposal for significant deficit reduction , noting the Congressional Budget Office determined the president 's plan would bring deficits below 3 % of gross domestic product by 2015 , which he called an accepted target by economists . Carney labeled any comparisons between what Obama proposes and the Republican stance as a "  false equivalence , " arguing the president 's approach of spending cuts , entitlement reforms and new tax revenue is a compromise from a hard-line Democratic position that rejects any benefit reductions in Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . "  You come half way and your negotiating partner stays where he or she is , that makes it very difficult to reach a compromise , " Carney told reporters . "  You need compromise from the other side . " In negotiations last December on the fiscal cliff agreement , Obama was willing to include a less generous inflation index for benefits such as Social Security , despite vehement protests from his liberal base , Carney noted . "  There 's some responsibility here on the Republican side to do what the president has done , which is to hear what the American people are saying , which is please compromise , please be reasonable , please do not adopt positions that represent a ` my way or the highway ' approach , " Carney said . Obama , Republicans clash on forced spending cuts On Wednesday , Carney defended Obama 's campaign-style approach to generating public support for his stance on the issue , saying such pressure worked in the spending and deficit agreements of the past two years . "  You know why they happened ? Because the American people supported those positions that the president took , " Carney said . "  And , in the end , Congress responded to the will of the American people . And we hope that 's what 's going to happen again this time . " A new poll on Thursday showed a strong majority of Americans want the kind of comprehensive deficit reduction called for by Obama , but support for a stop-gap measure on the forced spending cuts was less certain . Seven of 10 respondents in the Pew Research and USA Today survey called major legislation to reduce the deficit the most important priority for Congress , and 76 % backed the combination of spending cuts and revenue increases favored by the president and Democrats . At the same time , 73 % want more spending cuts than tax increases while only about 20 % say the solution should be spending cuts alone . If the forced spending cuts go into effect , 49 % of respondents would blame Republicans in Congress while 31 % would blame Obama , the poll showed . However , 49 % said the cuts should be delayed while 40 % said they should go into effect . CNN 's Gregory Wallace contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says opposing higher taxes on the wealthy is what "  binds " the GOP Forced spending cuts will harm the economy and national security , both sides agree President Obama says Republicans refuse to compromise House Speaker Boehner rejects Democratic demands for more revenue as a solution
CNN  -- President Obama 's strategy for destroying the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  appears to depend on a volley of airstrikes followed by a  currently absent  holding force of Syrian rebels and Iraqi troops . " -LSB- T -RSB- his strategy of taking out terrorists ... is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years , " the President said . Not so fast . The reality is that the few victories against al Qaeda in Somalia , Yemen and Pakistan are not a product of U.S. air power alone , but a combination of American boots on the ground , advisers and special forces , and as importantly , years of promoting local governance and military reform . Absent such security and political initiatives , Obama 's counterterrorism strategy is destined to fail . There are two critical lessons from the experiences in Somalia , Yemen and Pakistan for the war against ISIS . First , airstrikes without troops on the ground do n't work . Despite innovations in air power such as advanced targeting , intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance capabilities , there is simply no substitute for eyes , ears and feet on the ground . With this in mind , the United States has had a presence on the ground in Somalia , Yemen and Pakistan even when the missions were strictly counterterrorism . At various times in Somalia , Yemen and Pakistan , U.S. troops have directly engaged al Qaeda , protected fellow advisers , marked targets for airstrikes , embedded with and transported local troops , and used armed drones , helicopters and gunships . And yet even after more than 500 air strikes in Somalia , Yemen and Pakistan since 9/11 , U.S. troops still had to conduct high-profile raids against specific top terrorist leaders . American troops have been deployed to Yemen , Somalia and Pakistan to help train local troops , conduct operations and work closely with CIA operatives and local proxies . So boots on the ground are clearly an essential part of any counterterrorism strategy -- as long as local politicians and generals are willing to share power , promote efficiency and embrace diversity . The second lesson for defeating ISIS is that improving local governance and building pluralistic militaries is difficult , but still the best deterrent against recurring Islamic radicalism . Of course , Washington can not fix local politics within failing states that are embroiled in decades of conflict made worse by ethnic and religious divisions . Yet progress in Yemen , Somalia and Pakistan shows that American diplomats have , albeit slowly , pushed central governments to become more inclusive and share power with the periphery , and their militaries to embrace ethnic and religious diversity . In Somalia , with the help of European and African allies , including the 22,000 well-trained and equipped African Union troops , Washington has prodded the central government to implement the "  National Stabilization Strategy , " which is focused on promoting national and local reconciliation , facilitating tribal disputes and devolving power to local and regional administrations . Lack of governance and security is the main source of local grievances that Al-Shabaab frequently exploits . In Yemen , U.S. diplomats have offered $ 40 million in assistance to encourage President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi to convert the National Dialogue Conference into a sustainable peace plan for his fractured country , which will include constitutional reform . Like Somalia , Yemen is in desperate need of a strong plan for disarmament , demobilization and reintegration that devolves power to local districts and places the security forces under the rule of law , guaranteeing religious freedoms . In nuclear-armed Pakistan 's northern tribal badlands , the situation is more complex but governance deficiencies are similar to Somalia 's south and Yemen 's east . The United States has given billions to improve local infrastructure and supported democracy . Most of the $ 4.4 billion in aid to Pakistan between 2010 and 2014 is conditioned on strengthening Pakistani democracy . The passage of the 18th amendment to the Pakistani constitution was a small but encouraging effort to transfer power from the center to the provinces . Moreover , in the most recent protests in Islamabad the Pakistani military has restrained from directly intervening . Besides helping improve local governance , the United States has spent years training and equipping Yemeni , Somali and Pakistani militaries , subtly encouraging ethnic diversity . In Pakistan , for example , U.S. trainers helped transform a ragtag Frontier Corps , commanded by Punjabi outsiders , into a counterinsurgency force that has several units commanded by Pashtuns . Of course , not all investments have paid off . Tribal and religious divisions continue to threaten the Somali and Yemeni armies , while the Pakistani military and intelligence services are widely seen as sympathetic to the Afghan Taliban , although troops have finally put pressure on militants in North Waziristan territory . So what does all this say about how to tackle ISIS ? True , the group trumps al Qaeda and affiliates across the greater Middle East in terms of finances , numbers and territorial control . But it can be defeated . President Obama 's push for more representative Iraqi government and improved vetting of Syrian rebels are steps in the right direction . But realistically the United States should be expecting to send some 4,000 to 6,000 additional U.S. service members to help gather intelligence , train Syrian rebels , revive the Iraqi Army , build a national guard , protect advisers , mark targets and conduct raids against high-profile targets . This can not be realistically be done without U.S. troops -- and will likely take about two years . Meanwhile , U.S. diplomats should be pushing for better Iraqi governance , including ensuring all major ethnic and religious groups are represented in the Iraqi and Syrian security forces . Defeating a foe like ISIS wo n't be easy , and it will require political courage from the United States to follow through . But a multi-pronged commitment is absolutely necessary . This is one conflict that can not be won from the air .	President Obama 's strategy for destroying ISIS seems to rely on air strikes , writes Haider Mullick Obama says strategy has been successful in Yemen and Somalia Mullick says in both countries , some kind of presence was needed on the ground U.S. also needs to focus on improving governance for long-term security , Mullick says
CNN  -- 2014 is an election year . We know this because , once again , the Democrats are out in force with voices raised , full of outrage , trying to convince women that new laws are needed to ensure that they receive equal pay for equal work . Equal pay for equal work . Sounds pretty simple , right ? We all agree that a woman doing the same job as a man should not be paid less just because she 's a woman . Unfortunately , the broader issue is not that simple . What if one employee has more education ? What if that employee has been with the company longer or has more experience ? These are questions that courts have been mediating since 1963 as companies have faced lawsuits over gender discrimination with regard to wages . Why 1963 ? Because that is when the Equal Pay Act was signed into law by President John F. Kennedy . The law says that "  no employer shall discriminate between employees on the basis of sex . " And it passed the House that year by a 362-9 vote . That 's right , nine Democrats voted against it . Democrats highlight equal pay in political push For the past two election cycles , Democrats have tried to paint Republicans as backward cavemen on this issue as part of their so-called "  War on Women , " claiming that Republicans do n't care about women because they opposed the Lilly Ledbetter Act . Never mind that the Ledbetter Act had little to do with the premise of equal pay for equal work and everything to do with the time limit for trial lawyers looking to exploit a potential claim . Democrats consistently ignore data from neutral sources that indicates that when you actually compare men and women with the same background and education doing the same job , equality of pay has been largely achieved . PayScale , a compensation data company , has shown that in careers from software developer to nursing to construction project manager to human resources administrator , women are within 1 % to 4 % of men in terms of pay equity . Obama to strengthen equal pay protections However , much of the research on women voters in recent years supports the notion that women believe that men get paid more for the same job than women do . There are several reasons for this : 1  personal experience , 2  friend to friend examples and 3  Democrat politicians with manufactured data perpetuating it . So what is a Republican candidate to do ? First , every Republican should affirm , without hesitation , support for the concept of equal pay for equal work . There should be no perceived daylight between Republicans and Democrats on this basic value . Democrats seize on equal pay as midterm issue Second , every Republican should remind voters that they support the Equal Pay Act . They should affirm that , had they been in Congress at the time , they would have voted to pass it and that the only "  nay " votes recorded that day came from Democrats . And Republicans should remind women that if they are not receiving the equal pay that they deserve , the law is on their side and that bad actors should be vigorously prosecuted . Third , all Republicans should know their facts . Be prepared to challenge the media and their opponents when they try to claim that some new piece of legislation is necessary to ensure equal pay . Not every problem in America can be fixed by Washington . Every disparity that exists in the workplace is not an opportunity for a new piece of legislation . Fourth , every Republican should celebrate companies that have decided it is good business to have a diverse workplace . We should applaud those that have gone out of their way to attract women and give them a rich and robust work experience . And there are plenty of great examples in the Forbes list , "  The 10 Best Companies for Women in 2014 " : -- IBM , which has a Reconnections Initiative that tries to bring women who left to have children back to IBM . -- Marriott , which has an impressive 55 % female workforce and 58 % female management team . -- Ernst & Young , which has a mentorship program where senior level women pursue opportunities on behalf of younger women within the company . As we celebrate these success stories and condemn bad actors , workplace experiences for all women will improve . Finally , all Republicans should support initiatives to encourage young girls to enter traditionally male-dominated fields such as science , technology , engineering and math . These important STEM fields are crucial to our country 's future and provide incredible opportunities for women to achieve high earnings . As of last month , there were 4.7 million unemployed women in this country . What is sad indeed is the willingness by Democrat candidates to use the issue of pay equity as a political football to change the subject from that sobering statistic and the fact that women ca n't keep their insurance plans or their doctors because the promise of Obamacare turned out to be a lie . These are the real challenges facing women today . But the truth can be inconvenient when it does n't fit into the Democrats ' narrative of a trumped up "  War on Women . " Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Katie Packer Gage says Democrats use the pay equity issue as a political football Republicans , she argues , can take five steps to combat the ploy GOPers should remind voters that they support the Equal Pay Act , she said She also says Republicans should support companies with a diversified workforce
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Eight NATO troops were killed in Afghanistan Thursday , bringing the number of foreign troop deaths in the past two days to 14 , the International Security Assistance Force said . An improvised explosive device attack killed three service members in the west , and two died in an insurgent attack in the south . One died after an insurgent attack in the east , one died in an insurgent attack in the south and another was killed in an IED attack in the south . It 's the first time since August 30 that so many international troops have been killed in hostile incidents in Afghanistan in a single day , according to CNN records . On that day , seven Americans , a Canadian and an Estonian were killed . On Wednesday , six foreign troops were killed . ISAF has not announced the nationalities of any of the recently slain , in line with policy leaving identification up to the victims ' home countries . Forty-one coalition service members have died this October in Afghanistan so far . It 's the deadliest year of the nine-year-old war for foreign troops . The number of coalition service members killed so far in 2010 now stands at 587 . The highest monthly coalition death toll occurred in June , with 103 foreign troop deaths , a figure that includes Americans and service members other nations . In July , 65 Americans died , the highest monthly death toll for U.S. service members . The deaths come at a time when the war has become a subject of fierce debate in the United States and other countries that have contributed troops to the war effort . Gen. David Petraeus , who took command this summer as the top military official in Afghanistan , led the 2007-2008 campaign to stabilize Iraq after years of insurgent and sectarian warfare following the U.S. invasion of 2003 . Meanwhile , Afghan and ISAF forces killed several insurgents and detained many others Wednesday in the Nahr-E Saraj district of Helmand province , ISAF reported Thursday . And in Ghazni province , troops killed a Taliban senior leader and improvised explosive device expert , ISAF said . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	14 foreign troops have died in the past two days ISAF has n't announced the nationalities of the victims
CNN columnist John D. Sutter recently traveled to Alaska to try to find out why that state has the highest rate of reported rape in the nation -- three times the national average -- and what could be done to change that . He 's asking readers to be part of the solution . You voted for him to cover this topic as part of CNN 's Change the List project . The truth is even one rape is too many -- in Alaska or anywhere . Women and men who are victims of rape or sexual assault need support from their communities and from you . Here are some CNN-vetted organizations working to reduce the rate of violence against women in America 's 49th state : Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network The Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network , or RAINN , is the organization that runs the National Sexual Assault Hotline : 800-656-HOPE  4673  . A caller can be connected a local organization within their communities that can help them find the nearest hospital capable of collecting forensic evidence of a rape . They can also provide an advocate to go to the hospital with a rape victim . RAINN can also assist with counseling and legal guidance . The organization has affiliates all over the country , including several in Alaska . Standing Together Against Rape One of RAINN 's Alaska affiliates is called STAR , or Standing Together against Rape . STAR is based in Anchorage and has several of its own hotlines as well . The local crisis number is 907-276-7273 , and statewide , it 's 800-478-8999 . STAR has served survivors of sexual assault in Alaska for more than 30 years , providing a confidential and safe place to talk through their experience as well as a connection to medical and social services . STAR also works with Abuse Women 's Aid in Crisis or AWAIC to provide a 24-hour shelter where victims of domestic abuse or sexual assault may live for up to a month . Alaska Network on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Another group helping sexual assault survivors in Alaska is ANDVSA , or the Alaska Network on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault . This network of programs has served Alaska since 1980 , providing survivors with emergency shelter , 24-hour crisis hotlines , food , clothing , confidential advocacy , counseling , support groups and community outreach as well as rural outreach . This group has a presence in much of the state , including more rural and remote areas . The Fourth R The Alaska Network on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault 's community outreach is extensive . It even has a special program for schools called The Fourth R , which is designed to develop skills of students in grades seven through nine on how to handle bullying , personal relationships , peer and dating violence , substance use and other high-risk behaviors . More than 50 schools in Alaska participate in the Fourth R program . Aiding Women in Abuse and Rape Emergencies Finally , there 's Juneau-based AWARE , or Aiding Women in Abuse and Rape Emergencies . The group has two crisis hotlines -- one for Juneau  907-586-1090  and one for the rest of Alaska  800-478-1090  . AWARE provides an advocate to listen to survivor 's stories and discuss legal options . It also operates a shelter in Juneau , one of the first in the state . While the advocates are not attorneys , they can provide the proper paperwork and support to get a protective order . Rape and sexual assault are problems anywhere they occur , and there are many programs nationwide worthy of support . But as Sutter found in his study , the rate is alarmingly high in Alaska . Even if you live far away from America 's "  Last Frontier , " you can help make the state safer by supporting these organizations .	Alaska is estimated to have the highest reported rape rate in the nation Readers voted for CNN columnist John Sutter to focus on this issue CNN has vetted a list of nonprofits providing counseling , medical attention and shelter There are many ways CNN readers can help rape victims , even from afar
CNN  -- In the spring of 2005 , Arlene Castro appeared on an "  America 's Most Wanted " segment pleading for help in finding her best friend , Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , who 'd mysteriously gone missing along a busy Cleveland avenue one year earlier . Little did she know . At that time , DeJesus was alive but captive in an older man 's house about three miles away , authorities said . There , she was chained , threatened and sexually assaulted repeatedly . The man who police say was responsible for the girl 's hell ? Arlene Castro 's own father , Ariel . Speaking Thursday on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Arlene Castro said she had "  no idea " her father allegedly was holding DeJesus and two other young women , Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry , as well as Berry 's 6-year-old daughter , who was born in captivity . Arlene and her father -- with whom she was not living when her friend went missing , instead being with her mother -- "  were never really that close , " she said . The last time the father and daughter talked was late last month , and their conversations were typically short and confined to niceties . " ` Let me know if you need anything , ' and that was it , every time , " Arlene Castro recalled . Now , she would like to talk with her longtime friend , DeJesus , to introduce her to her kids and tell her much , much more . "  I would like to say that I 'm absolutely so , so sorry , " a tearful Arlene Castro told ABC . " ... I 'm so sorry for everything . " According to the FBI , the then 14-year-old DeJesus disappeared on April 2 , 2004 , as she was walking home from middle school . She was last seen at a pay telephone booth between 2:45 p.m. and 3 p.m. along Cleveland 's Lorain Avenue . And with her at that telephone booth was Arlene Castro . Castro told "  America 's Most Wanted " -- as seen in archived video posted online , including on Slate 's website -- that her friend loaned her 50 cents , so she could use the phone and ask her mother if the two could spend the afternoon together at DeJesus ' house . Daughter : ` He is dead to me ' "  I told her I could n't and she said , ` Well OK , I 'll talk to you later . ' And she walked , " the then-teenage Castro said , with the "  America 's Most Wanted " reporter explaining that DeJesus would have taken the bus but had loaned out the change she 'd normally use for bus fare . Authorities have begun spelling out what they say happened to DeJesus next . Ariel Castro , Arlene 's father , lured the girl into a vehicle , then took her to his home and forced her to stay , according to charging documents . She was not alone . Two other captive women were already inside the 1,400-square foot house -- Amanda Berry , who "  America 's Most Wanted " mentioned in its report had gone missing one year earlier , and Michelle Knight , who had last been seen in August 2002 . Today , all three women are free , including DeJesus who is now 23-years-old . Ariel Castro , meanwhile , is being held on $ 8 million bond after being charged with kidnapping and rape . As for his daughter Arlene , she 's crushed . "  I 'm really disappointed , embarrassed , mainly devastated , " she said .	Arlene Castro said she was with Gina DeJesus just before she went missing in 2004 "  America 's Most Wanted " featured Arlene Castro in 2005 story on DeJesus Authorities say DeJesus was held captive for years by Arlene 's father , Ariel "  I 'm ... embarrassed , mainly devastated , " Arlene Castro says now
CNN  -- Luci Baines Johnson was just 16 years old when she approached her father , President Johnson , with what she considered a reasonable request . Luci Baines Johnson , left , and her older sister , Lynda Bird , pose inside the White House in 1963 . "  I asked my father if we could have the Beatles come to play at the White House , " she recalled . "  I was very excited about it . " His response ? A decisive no , "  without even any moment of trying to soften the blow , " Johnson said in a recent phone interview . The president thought the move would be viewed as self-serving . His daughter , however , saw it as a chance to honor "  a great talent " and strengthen ties between the United States and Great Britain -- not to mention a golden opportunity for her and her friends . "  I could see how different sets of folks could have either perspective . And I suspect my father could see that too , " she said . Luci Baines Johnson learned quickly of the scrutiny that came from being a first daughter . Her family moved into the White House in 1963 , following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy . Johnson was catapulted into the exclusive fraternity of White House families and embraced what she describes as a role she landed simply by chance . That fraternity has most recently expanded to include President Obama 's daughters , Sasha and Malia . "  I was an eyewitness to history , over and over , during my father 's five years in the White House . And I was n't elected to that option . I had no qualifications that provided me that privilege except an accident of birth , " she said . See famous first kids who grew up in the White House " Johnson speaks fondly of the opportunity she was afforded to dine with kings and queens , meet the movers and shakers of her time , engage with the body of America and hold a front-row seat to history . While most of her memories fall into two categories -- "  the fond personal memories " and "  the fond memories of public privilege " -- there 's one in particular that was a combination of both . "  My 17th birthday , I received a handwritten note from my father , the only handwritten note I have , telling me how much he loves me and how much he has delighted in having me as his daughter for all those 17 years , " she said . The note was dated noon , July 2 , 1964 . Six hours later , in the East Room of the White House , Lyndon Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which banned discrimination based on race or gender in public places , schools and places of employment . "  Can you imagine ever receiving a more momentous , glorious , exciting , thrilling birthday present that lasted forever and ever than something like that , that would change the world for all time and make it a much more decent place ? That took place on my birthday , " she said . Life in the White House , however , came at a cost . Johnson and the first children before and after her will always have to "  pay a big price in terms of personal time , " she said . More than 45 years after she moved into the White House , she still receives requests for interviews about the time she spent there . But the public 's interest in first daughters is nothing new . Fanny Hayes , for example , who was about the same age as Malia when she moved into the White House in 1877 , was followed by the media until the day she died . "  She was an American celebrity , " said presidential historian Doug Wead . While the interest in first daughters has stayed steady , the pressure on the children has intensified , said Wead , author of "  All the Presidents ' Children : Triumph and Tragedy in the Lives of America 's First Families . " "  It 's like the Miss America contest -- it 's a real dilemma for the daughter of a president . She 's supposed to be gracious . She 's mocked and ridiculed if she is n't pretty , " he said . When Chelsea Clinton was just 13 years old , for example , she was ridiculed in a 1993 "  Saturday Night Live " sketch that declared her "  not a babe . " Actor Mike Myers later apologized , and the skit was cut from replays of the show . Amy Carter , who was 9 when she moved into the White House , was also mocked for her appearance and for her poor manners , after she pulled out a book during a state dinner . Her parents enrolled her in public school , illuminating the already bright spotlight on her . An infamous photograph of her first day at school shows the young girl with her head hanging low , carrying a Snoopy book bag and surrounded by a swarm of paparazzi . To this date , no other presidential children have attended public school . But other presidential children have taken on power roles in their fathers ' administrations . Anna Roosevelt , for example , was a "  super aide " to Franklin D. Roosevelt during his last year in office , Wead said , describing her as a combination of a personal secretary and chief of staff , not to mention popular in the public eye . And Alice Roosevelt , a fashion icon who was known to have quite the rebellious streak , also played a pivotal role for her father , Theodore Roosevelt . She went on an around-the-world junket for the purposes of American foreign policy -- a move that diverted attention from her father 's efforts to bring about a peace treaty in the Russo-Japanese War , Wead said . The president later won a Nobel Peace Prize for his work on various peace treaties . Under the administration that followed , William Taft 's daughter became one of the unsung heroes of women 's rights , Wead said . Taft credited his daughter , Helen , for helping to change his mind about women 's suffrage . But for all presidential children , Wead said , there remains a lifelong battle of seeking approval from their fathers while struggling to carve their own identities . Many presidential daughters have gone on to author books about their time in White House , in what Wead describes as an attempt to restore their fathers ' reputations . "  It 's like sitting in front of a big window ... and seeing a billboard with misspelled words on it . It 's just irritating , " he said . "  And the writing of a book , if it does n't change history , it is a purifying experience for the child . " Susan Ford Bales once told the San Francisco Chronicle that while in the White House , "  I kept thinking , I want to be normal . But I ca n't be normal . ... . Everyone was watching . It was like living out loud . " But Ford also cashed in on some of the perks of her high-profile position and took Alice Roosevelt 's advice to "  have one hell of a good time . " Ford roller-skated through the White House , held her prom in the East Room and scored VIP treatment at concerts -- including a backstage pass to see Rod Stewart .  That move ignited the public 's interest in her , sparking rumors that she and Stewart were engaged . Johnson said that some of the best advice she received while in the White House was to just recognize that she could n't change things or make the attention go away . "  There are inevitably going to be moments when you feel like the pressures of the goldfish bowl seem unfair or more than you can bear , but so are the opportunities to learn , to understand , to grow , to love , to make friends , to witness , " she said . "  I describe it as the best of times and sometimes the worst of times , but whatever the times , it was a time of extraordinary privilege . "	Luci Johnson describes being a first daughter as an "  extraordinary privilege " It was "  the best of times and sometimes the worst of times , " she says First daughters often followed by media for remainder of their lives The pressure on first daughters has intensified over the years , historian says
CNN  -- The reaction to Mackenzie Phillips ' detailed account of her sexual relationship with her father , John Phillips , has been explosive , and some of the strongest statements have come from her family . Chynna Phillips said she does n't think anyone could make up having a consensual incestuous relationship . But as the former actress and musician talked with Oprah Winfrey for the second time this week -- this time about the firestorm that erupted from her hour-long interview Wednesday -- she said she does n't regret writing her memoir , "  High on Arrival . " "  I understand this is a difficult thing for my family , " Phillips told Winfrey via satellite Friday , "  but nobody 's talking about this , and if I 've started a national dialogue , then I 'm forever grateful . " Phillips said she has gotten letters and Facebook messages from incest survivors , thanking her for coming forward . "  It 's been heartening and heartbreaking at the same time , " she said . John Phillips died in 2001 . Two of his former wives , however , have vehemently denied Mackenzie Phillips ' accusations . In an statement to CNN , Michelle Phillips , an original Mamas & Papas bandmate who divorced John in 1970 , called the situation "  very hurtful . " "  Mackenzie 's drug addiction for 35 years has been the result of many unpleasant experiences , " Michelle Phillips said . "  Whether her relationship with her father is delusional or not , it is an unfortunate circumstance and very hurtful for our entire family . " She spoke more strongly to The Hollywood Reporter 's Roger Friedman , telling him , "  Mackenzie has a lot of mental illness . She 's had a needle stuck up her arm for 35 years . ... She did ` Celebrity Rehab , ' and now she writes a book . The whole thing is timed . " Genevieve Waite , who married John Phillips in 1972 , told Winfrey in a statement that "  John was a good man who had a lot of problems , -LSB- but -RSB- he was incapable , no matter how drunk or drugged he was , to have sexual relations with his own child . " The fallout from Phillips ' decision to reveal her family 's secrets has been heartbreaking for her sister Bijou as well . Bijou Phillips supplied a statement to Winfrey stating that Mackenzie told her about the incestuous relationship with their father when Bijou was 13 but later denied it . "  This news was confusing and also scary , because I 'd lived alone with him since I was 3 , " she said . " -LSB- John Phillips -RSB- was Mr. Mom , loving and encouraging ; the man who raised me would never be capable of such things . " She also questioned why Mackenzie would leave her alone with their father if he 'd molested the elder sister . Still , Bijou Phillips showed signs of measured support . "  I understand Mackenzie 's need to come clean , but it hurts because the man in question is n't here to defend himself , " she said . "  I hope she can come to terms with this and find peace . " Mackenzie Phillips told Winfrey that her family 's disbelief and anger saddened her , especially since she and Bijou Phillips have been very close . Phillips recalled the way Bijou immediately came to her aid when she was arrested last year for cocaine and heroin possession . "  I love my baby sister , and I miss having contact with her , " Mackenzie said . "  By the time Bijou was living with my father , I felt she was safe . I did take her out of there if I felt like she was n't being watched properly , " she said in her defense . But she added that Michelle Phillips ' statements were n't as surprising . "  When Michelle found out I was writing this book , she vowed to do everything to discredit me , " Mackenzie told Winfrey . "  She 's having a textbook reaction , trying to sweep it under the rug . It seems so unkind and ungenerous to lash out in this way ; I do n't have a history of mental illness . I have a history of drug addiction . " Chynna Phillips , who also sat down with Winfrey on Friday , said she believes that her mother , Michelle , made those statements out of anger and that she does still love Mackenzie , even if she does n't admit it . "  I think the most devastating thing is when people are in denial and do n't want things on a public platform , it 's not something everyone wants to share with the world , " Chynna Phillips said . "  It 's not something my mom wants plastered all over the papers . " Chynna told Winfrey that she 'd known about her sister 's history with her father for about 12 years and believes that no one would go out of their way to admit having a consensual incestuous relationship . She 's also not the only one who thinks Mackenzie is telling the truth . Jessica Woods , the daughter of former Mamas & Papas band member Denny Doherty , also wrote in to Winfrey and said her father knew about everything . "  I just watched your show , " Woods wrote , "  and everything she said is true . My dad told me the awful truth , and he was horrified at what John had done . " Chynna , who grew up with her mother , said that although she did n't spend a lot of time with John Phillips , the memories she had of him were positive , in spite of the heavy drug use she witnessed . "  He was a very charismatic man , " she said . "  He was a very talented man and a very loving man in many ways . " Now one half of the Christian music duo Chynna and Vaughan , Chynna said that her relationship with Mackenzie has grown over the past six months and that she 's proud of her half-sister for having the courage to talk about her past . "  The thing is , who among us have n't done something that we 're highly ashamed of in our lives ? " she said to Winfrey . "  Who are we to cast the first stone ? In my faith , as a Christian , God told me I need to forgive . Am I happy that she put me in this position ? No , I 'm not . But I have to forgive . It 's 13 years later , and I still have n't digested this information . " Chynna added that she hopes her sister will take her experiences and use them to help others , offering one piece of advice : "  Get the Lord on board , because you 'll need it . "	Mackenzie Phillips talks about family 's reaction to her claims of incest Sister Bijou called experience hurtful but hopes Mackenzie finds peace John Phillips ' ex-wives do n't think Mackenzie 's story is valid Chynna Phillips believes Mackenzie , hopes she uses her experience to help others
Empowered Patient is a regular feature from CNN Medical News correspondent Elizabeth Cohen that helps put you in the driver 's seat when it comes to health care . Studies have shown that acupuncture can ease pain , but researchers are n't sure of the exact mechanism . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Dr. Andrew Weil was n't sure exactly how he hurt his knee ; all he knew was that it was painful . But instead of turning to cortisone shots or heavy doses of pain medication , Weil turned to the ancient Chinese medicine practice of acupuncture . "  It worked -- my knee felt much better , " says Weil . Americans spend billions of dollars each year on alternative medicine , everything from chiropractic care to hypnosis . Weil says alternative medicine can work wonders -- acupuncture , certain herbs , guided imagery . For example , Dr. Brian Berman , director of the Center for Integrative Medicine at the University of Maryland School of Medicine , has done a series of studies showing acupuncture 's benefits for osteoarthritis of the knee . Extensive studies have also been done on mind-body approaches such as guided imagery , and on some herbs , including St. John 's wort . But on the other hand , there also is a lot of quackery out there , Weil says . "  I 've seen it all , -LSB- including -RSB- products that claim to increase sexual vigor , cure cancer and allay financial anxiety . " So how do you know what works and what does n't when it comes to alternative medicine ? Just a decade ago , there were n't many well-done , independent studies on herbs , acupuncture , massage or hypnosis , so patients did n't have many facts to guide them . But in 1999 , eight academic medical centers , including Harvard , Duke and Stanford , banded together with the purpose of encouraging research and education on alternative medicine . Eight years later , the Consortium of Academic Health Centers for Integrative Medicine has 38 member universities , and has gathered evidence about what practices have solid science behind them . Here , from experts at five of those universities , are five alternative medicine practices that are among the most promising because they have solid science behind them . 1 . Acupuncture for pain Hands , down , this was the No. 1 recommendation from our panel of experts . They also recommended acupuncture for other problems , including nausea after surgery and chemotherapy . 2 . Calcium , magnesium , and vitamin B6 for PMS When pre-menstrual syndrome rears its ugly head , gynecologist Dr. Tracy Gaudet encourages her patients to take these dietary supplements . "  They can have a huge impact on moodiness , bloating , and on heavy periods , " says Gaudet , who 's the executive director of Duke Integrative Medicine at Duke University Medical School . 3 . St. John 's Wort for depression The studies are a bit mixed on this one , but our panel of experts agreed this herb -- once thought to rid the body of evil spirits - is definitely promising . "  It 's worth a try for mild to moderate depression , " says Weil , founder and director of the Program in Integrative Medicine at the University of Arizona . "  Remember it will take six to eight weeks to see an effect . " Remember , too , that St. John 's wort can interfere with some medicines ; the University of Maryland Medical Center has a list . 4 . Guided imagery for pain and anxiety "  Go to your happy place " has become a cliché , but our experts say it really works . The technique , of course , is more complicated than that . "  In guided imagery we invite you to relax and focus on breathing and transport you mentally to a different place , " says Mary Jo Kreitzer , Ph.D. , R.N. , founder and director of the Center for Spirituality and Healing at the University of Minnesota . There 's a guided imagery demo at the University of Minnesota 's Web site . 5 . Glucosamine for joint pain "  It 's safe , and it looks like it 's effective , " says Dr. Frederick Hecht , director of research at the Osher Center for Integrative Medicine at the University of California , San Francisco . "  It may be the first thing that actually reverses cartilage loss in osteoarthritis . " All our experts warn that since alternative medicine is financially lucrative , a lot of charlatans have gotten into the business . They have these tips for being a savvy shopper : 1 . Look for "  USP " or "  NSF " on the labels "  The biggest mistake people make is they do n't get a good product , " says Dr. Mary Hardy , medical director of the Sims/Mann-UCLA Center for Integrative Oncology . She says the stamp of approval from the United States Pharmacopoeia or NSF International , two groups with independent verification programs , means what 's on the label is in the product . 2 . Find a good practitioner Make sure the alternative medicine practitioner you 're going to is actually trained to practice alternative medicine . One place to start is the Consortium for Academic Health Centers for Integrative Medicine 3 . Be wary of crazy claims "  Anything that sounds too good to be true probably is , " says Weil . And once you do start on your journey with alternative medicine , here 's a piece of advice : Take it slow . Alternative medicine works , but sometimes not as quickly as taking a drug . "  I tell people it 's going to take a while , " says Hardy . "  I tell them to do a six - to eight-week trial , or even 12 weeks . " E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	A number of alternative medical practices have solid science behind them Acupuncture highly recommended for pain , nausea Research mixed , but St. John 's wort viewed as worth a try for depression
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Thierry de la Villehuchet , a hedge fund adviser and investor whose firm said he lost $ 1.5 billion investing with Wall Street adviser Bernard Madoff , was found dead in his office in an apparent suicide Tuesday , police said . Police say Thierry de la Villehuchet 's body had cuts on the wrist and bicep . Emergency personnel discovered the body of the 65-year-old French executive at 7:29 a.m. in the Madison Avenue office of Access International Advisors , police said . Villehuchet suffered "  cuts made to his arm , to his wrist and also to his bicep area , with a box cutter , " New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said at a news conference . He also told reporters there were pills present , though it was n't clear whether any were ingested , and there was no suicide note . Liliane Bettencourt , the world 's richest woman , is believed to have entrusted part of her $ 22.9 billion fortune with Madoff through Villehuchet , according to reports . The 86-year-old daughter of L'Oreal founder Eugene Schueller is thought to be an investor in a fund managed by Access International Advisors , although her investment is n't public . Calls to Bettencourt 's foundation , Foundation Bettencourt Schuelle , were not returned . Bettencourt joins other wealthy individuals from Europe and around the world who have lost money -- thought to include Spanish billionaire Alicia Koplowitz , Steven Spielberg and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel . Villehuchet 's body will be examined and a toxicology report issued Wednesday , said Ellen Borakove , a spokeswoman for the New York medical examiner . Kelly read a statement from Access International Advisors ' attorney saying the firm lost $ 1.5 billion by investing with Madoff , 70 , a former Nasdaq chairman who is accused of operating a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme . Reached by phone , Madoff 's attorney , Daniel Horowitz , had no comment . According to the Securities and Exchange Commission Web site , Access International Advisors no longer registers with the SEC .	Thierry de la Villehuchet was a hedge fund adviser and investor Company says firm lost $ 1.5 billion by investing with Bernard Madoff Police : Body had cuts , pills were present , though it was n't known if they were taken No suicide note was left at office where Villehuchet was found dead
CNN  -- Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets is free to play in the Champions League final against Manchester United after UEFA dismissed an allegation of racism by Real Madrid . Real posted a video on their official web site which , they claimed , showed Busquets shouting towards Marcelo during their match at the Bernabeu . The footage was captioned "  mono , mono " , which means "  monkey " in Spanish . An ill-tempered semifinal that saw two players sent off and Real manager Jose Mourinho sent to the stands finished 2-0 to Spanish champions Barca , who then secured their place in the final with a 1-1 draw in the second leg at the Nou Camp . But the European game 's governing body have decided there is no "  strong and convincing evidence " to impose a ban on Busquets that would have forced him to sit out the showpiece final at Wembley on May 28 . Ronaldo matches La Liga scoring record A statement on UEFA 's web site read : "  The report lodged by Real Madrid CF concerning racial abuse against Marcelo by FC Barcelona player Sergio Busquets has been dismissed due to a lack of strong and convincing evidence . " UEFA also confirmed they had dismissed an appeal from by Real regarding to an original complaint they had made about the behavior of Barcelona 's players during the first leg in Madrid . Real accused their rivals of "  premeditated anti-sporting behavior " and claimed Barcelona 's players dived and tried to influence the referee during the game . The billion-dollar grudge match : The enormity of El Clasico UEFA banned Mourinho for five games and fined him $ 71,000 after he was sent to the stands during the game for sarcastically applauding the referee and later claiming Barca 's relationship with charity UNICEF meant they had too much power in football . Meanwhile , Barcelona have announced an extension to their arrangement with UNICEF , which will see them carry the charity 's logo on their shirts . The club have had an arrangement with UNICEF , who are the world 's leading organization protecting the rights of children and young people , for five years . UEFA also announced Monday that England , Norway and Sweden will be awarded another place in the Europa League next season due to the country 's standings in the Fair Play rankings . Fulham , who are currently top of the Premier League 's fair play table , are favorites to claim the English place ahead of Tottenham and Blackpool .	UEFA dismiss allegations of racism leveled at Barcelona player Sergio Busquets Real Madrid had accused Busquets of racially abusing one of their players Busquets is now free to play in the Champions League final against Man Utd Real and Barcelona both filed charges against each other after a fiery semifinal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Dan Neumann was a 14-year-old struggling against cancer when he came across an unexpected ally in his battle . Cancer survivor Dan Neumann plays Re-Mission and is helping create the game 's next edition . He was receiving treatment for leukemia at Lucile Packard Children 's Hospital at Stanford University in 2004 when he saw a flyer inviting teenage cancer patients to test a new video game . A self-described gamer , Neumann says he was immediately drawn to the posting . He signed up to try it and was won over by the game , which simulated what goes on inside the bodies of cancer patients . "  When you go through cancer treatment , chemotherapy becomes something you dread , " Neumann , now 19 , recalled . "  But with the game you 're actively playing something and shooting cells . " That game eventually became Re-Mission , a video game that 's helping teenagers around the world in their fight against cancer . Since its release in 2006 , more than 145,000 free copies have been distributed , and now a new version of the game is in the works . See what it 's like to play the game " Pamela Omidyar , wife of eBay founder Pierre Omidyar , came up with the idea for the game . A former lab technician and avid video game player , she thought kids could learn a lot by experiencing the treatment process in a vivid way . That led her to launch HopeLab , a non-profit that took Re-Mission from the drawing board to an actual product . The organization , which focuses on using technology to create positive health outcomes in kids , was recently recognized by U.S. President Barack Obama for its innovative approach to tackling health challenges . Players control a tiny robot who travels through the human body to destroy harmful cancer cells . Along the way , she breaks down complex medical terminology and explains what 's going on when the body undergoes treatment like chemotherapy . By making cancer a visible foe , Re-Mission gives kids a different mental view of who their enemy is , said Dr. Steve Cole , vice president of research at HopeLab . That 's something that teenagers around the world can benefit from . Video games like Re-Mission transcend national boundaries and cultures , he told CNN . "  Everybody wants to beat death . " Re-Mission has been distributed to 81 countries , and patients anywhere in the world can download it for free online . According to Cole , providing an opportunity to experience the positive emotions that come from treatment can change the behavior of young patients and can make a real difference in their health . A study he conducted that was published in 2008 showed that patients who played Re-Mission took their medication more consistently and learned more about their disease than those who did n't . "  What this game is really built to do is help teenagers be better participants in their own medical care enterprise , " said Cole . "  It gives them a real opportunity to affect their own health outcomes . " Neumann says when he was in the hospital , doctors walked him through pamphlets describing the chemotherapy process . But it was the game that ultimately made him feel better about his treatment . "  There 's a lot of complex medical terminology , which is hard to digest at that age , " he said . "  Re-Mission encourages you to learn that your chemotherapy is doing something . " Now in remission , Neumann is helping HopeLab develop the next edition of the game . In the early stages of development , the new product is expected to be released in 2012 at the earliest . He 's been providing feedback on his experience as a cancer survivor and gamer to help developers understand what patients personally get out of playing Re-Mission . He wants other teenagers to experience the game , and says they should n't shy away even if they 've never played video games before . "  Re-Mission is an excellent game for any cancer patient , regardless of whether they 're a gamer , " he said . "  It really makes you feel like you 're engaging in your treatment . "	Re-Mission video game helps patients visualize battle against cancer Non-profit organization HopeLab is planning new version for 2012 Cancer survivor says game helped change his attitude towards treatment Teenagers around the world can benefit from game , HopeLab says
CNN  -- Stonehenge , an enigma to visitors and scientists alike for so many years , became less of a mystery after a discovery announced to the world this week . A stone circle discovered near Stonehenge may suggest the prehistoric monument was part of a funeral route . Archaeologists have unearthed a new stone circle near Stonehenge that lends credence to the theory that the famous prehistoric monument in Britain was part of a funeral complex . University of Bristol archaeologist Joshua Pollard described the new find as "  incredible " because it establishes Stonehenge as part of a larger ceremonial complex linked to the nearby River Avon . "  No one could have predicted there was another stone circle so close by , " said Pollard , co-director of the excavation project that began in 2004 . This , he said , changes the perception of the popular tourist destination 90 miles west of London . The new find , dubbed "  Bluestonehenge " after the color of the 25 Welsh stones of which it was once composed , sits along the Avon a mile away from its famous sister circle , Pollard said . Neolithic peoples would have come down river by boat and literally stepped off into Bluestonehenge , Pollard said . They may have congregated at certain times of the year , including the winter solstice , and carried remains of the dead from Bluestonehenge down an almost two-mile funeral processional route to a cemetery at Stonehenge to bury them . "  It could be that Bluestonehenge was where the dead began their final journey to Stonehenge , " said Mike Parker Pearson , an archaeologist at the University of Sheffield who co-directed the project with Pollard . "  Not many people know that Stonehenge was Britain 's largest burial ground at that time , " he said . "  Maybe the blue stone circle is where people were cremated before their ashes were buried at Stonehenge itself . " Proof of life artifacts -- pottery , animal bones , food residues and flint tools used in the Stone Age -- are decidedly absent at Stonehenge but were found upstream in a village discovered by the excavation team in 2005 , leading researchers to believe that Stonehenge was indeed a burial ground . But people have debated the purpose of Stonehenge for decades . Known for its orientation in relation to the rising and setting sun , the circle of stones represented a prehistoric temple to some . Others argued it was an astronomical observatory . Or that it was a marker of time . But Pollard is sticking to his theory . He said others have not based their suppositions on archaeological finds . Archaeologists began the latest excavation with the hope of tracking the course of the avenue that led to Stonehenge . They had no idea they would stumble upon a second circle that would help uncover the mystery of Stonehenge . The stones at Bluestonehenge were removed thousands of years ago , Pollard said , but the sizes of the remaining pits , about 33 feet in diameter , point to giant blue stones from the Preseli Mountains of Wales , about 150 miles away . Pollard said that Neolithic people dragged the pillarlike blue stones along the processional route to Stonehenge to incorporate them in a major rebuilding that took place around 2500 B.C. Archaeologists know that after 2500 , Stonehenge consisted of about 60 Welsh stones and 83 local sarsen stones . Some of the blue stones that once stood on the river 's edge probably now stand within the center of Stonehenge , Pollard said . Scientists plan to use radiocarbon dating techniques to better understand the history of the entire site . Stonehenge remains as striking as ever . But with each new find , the enigma fades just a little .	Discovery of lost stone circle sheds new light on Stonehenge 's purpose Researchers say "  Bluestonehenge " was starting point of funeral processional route Bluestonehenge is named after color of Welsh stones from which it was formed Some have viewed Stonehenge as temple , astronomical observatory
Spanish police arrested two suspected terrorists with apparent links to an al Qaeda-affiliated group Tuesday but said they had no indication of an imminent attack . The Interior Ministry identified the suspects as Nou Mediouni , 23 , from Algeria , who was arrested in the north-central city of Zaragoza , and Hassan El Jaaouani , 52 , from Morocco , who was detained in the southeastern city of Murcia . Spanish police worked with their counterparts in France and Morocco to carry out the latest arrests , an Interior Ministry statement said . The two suspects have a "  profile " that is similar to the two suspects in the Boston Marathon attacks , the statement said . Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz told reporters that police consider them "  lone wolves , " like the Boston suspects . However , the similarity is based only on how the two suspects in Spain were "  radicalized , " by going to online forums and chat rooms , and also in the suspects ' alleged interest in pulling from the Internet information on bomb-making , said an Interior Ministry spokesman , who by custom is not identified . The pair , who are from different countries , are not brothers and , unlike the two suspects in the Boston Marathon attacks , have no roots in the Caucasus region , he said . But Fernandez said one of the suspects recently praised the Boston attacks . A second Interior Ministry spokesman said that was the younger suspect , Mediouni . Both of the suspects in Spain are unemployed , the second Interior Ministry spokesman said . Mediouni , arrested in Zaragoza , studied computer sciences but had not worked professionally in that field , the ministry statement said . The two are suspected members of a radical cell close to the terrorist organization al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , the Interior Ministry said . The two men have been under surveillance as part of an operation lasting more than a year run in cooperation with France and Morocco , the Spanish Interior Ministry said . The Madrid train bombings in March 2004 , which killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 , led to a sharp increase in Spain 's fight against Islamic terrorism . The courts convicted 14 Islamic militants for their role in the bombings , along with four Spaniards convicted for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . Since then , authorities have told CNN that Spain has assigned hundreds of additional police officers to investigate Islamic terrorism and added dozens of Arabic translators , so authorities will be able to understand communications and threats . Around 400 suspected Islamic militants have been arrested in Spain since March 2004 , although many have been released by judges for lack of evidence . Mali extremist contacts alleged Mediouni was identified and recruited by Mali-based members of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb through his interest in radical Islamist Internet sites , the Interior Ministry statement alleges . He was given specific instructions for a trip to a jihadist camp in northern Mali led by the group , the Interior Ministry claims , but was unable to meet with AQIM leaders because of the heightened security presence in the area . Since January , France and nearby African nations have been supporting Malian forces in their efforts to push back Islamist extremists who carved out a large haven in northern Mali last year . El Jaaouani is also alleged to have established contact with AQIM leaders in Mali and to be responsible for recruiting radicals in Spain . One of the people he contacted was directly involved with the kidnapping and murder of two French citizens in Niger in January 2011 , the Spanish Interior Ministry said . The two suspects ' homes were being searched by police , the statement added . They are due to be arraigned Thursday at the National Court in Madrid , which handles terrorism cases , a court spokeswoman said . The arrests in Spain come days before the Madrid Marathon on Sunday . About 26,000 runners are expected to take part in a marathon , half-marathon and 10-kilometer race , to be run at the same time . Security has been increased in light of the attacks in Boston , authorities said . READ MORE : Men accused of planning al Qaeda-supported attack in Canada READ MORE : Should we still fear al Qaeda ? READ MORE : Is this al Qaeda 's ` last chance ' for a country ?	One of the suspects praised the Boston bombing , Spain 's interior minister says Minister : Police consider the suspects to be "  lone wolves , " like those in Boston They are suspected members of a radical cell with ties to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb They have been in touch with Islamist extremists in Mali , Interior Ministry says
CNN  It started right on New Year 's Eve with one prominent businessman posing a simple question to a few of his close friends and fellow business leaders : "  How can we make sure that young people will see this movie ? " According to Bill Lewis , co-chairman of investment banking at Lazard , that simple inquiry quickly led to an initiative supported by more than a score of African-American business leaders in New York . The goal ? To provide funding that would let tens of thousands of New York City middle school students see the film "  Selma " for free . Now , African-American business leaders in two dozen other cities have taken up the challenge of #SelmaforStudents , with the hope that nearly 300,000 middle and high school students across the country will have seen "  Selma " in its first week . What is it that so quickly and powerfully united these business leaders ? What is it about "  Selma " that struck a chord , leading them to launch this "  first-of-its-kind " initiative ? It was not driven by a studio or even by the film 's high profile producer Oprah Winfrey , who expressed surprise , excitement and pride at hearing of the plan . Instead , as Lewis and others expressed to me , it was their own response to seeing the film that compelled such personages as Charles Phillips , CEO of Infor , Ken Chenault , the CEO of American Express , Tony Coles , former CEO of Onyx Pharmaceuticals , Ursula Burns CEO of Xerox , Edith Cooper , Goldman Sachs ' Global Head of Human Capital Management , and 22 others to shape , develop and implement their plan in a series of email exchanges over one weekend . Without question , "  Selma " resonates strongly at a time when our country is gripped by race-related protests . For many African-Americans , the civil rights challenges of 2015 have served as a sobering reminder of the ongoing salience of race and racism in American life . The movie provides a sense of historical context for these ongoing struggles , but more importantly , reminds us of the sacrifices that made possible the success we enjoy today . The leaders who created the initiative are direct beneficiaries of those early sacrifices , and they know it . Most serve on boards of civil rights organizations and African-American and other cultural institutions and are leading philanthropists for causes that elevate African-American history and struggle . The push to expose students to "  Selma " speaks to their desire that young people today be aware of our rich history and the continuing advocacy still needed for racial equality . It provides an opportunity for young people to reclaim and engage a critical -- though distant , for them -- part of African-American history . And it also allows these leaders to acknowledge the arc of their own journey . Many have suggested that the television miniseries "  Roots " shaped a generation , prompting African-Americans to openly engage the history and devastation wrought by slavery and compelling our country to confront its original sin . "  Selma " has the potential to play a similar role , engaging young people with a history that has powerful resonance for the challenges and struggles we confront today , and bringing to life the courage , the determination and humanity of a generation of African-Americans on whose shoulders we all stand .	Sherrilyn Ifill , Darren Walker : Black leaders funding drive to pay for students to see "  Selma " They say the goal is to ensure that young people are aware of and connect with U.S. civil rights heritage Writers : "  Selma " can provide powerful resonance for the challenges and struggles we confront today
CNN  -- The gigolo former lover of Germany 's richest woman has been jailed for six years after confessing to blackmailing her and other women out of millions of dollars , a court official said Monday . Helg Sgarbi has admitted blackmailing Germany 's richest woman , Susanne Klatten . Susanne Klatten , the BMW heiress , complained to police last year that Helg Sgarbi had threatened to release pictures of them if she did not pay him nearly $ 60 million . Munich 's state prosecutor Anton Winkler said Sgarbi , who was accused of blackmailing several wealthy woman , had made a written confession which was read by his lawyer to the court . "  He confessed that he blackmailed the victims , told them untrue stories , " Winkler told CNN . However , Sgarbi had not revealed what had happened to the estimated $ 12.5 million he had taken from his victims nor where the pictures had gone . "  It is really only half a confession . We asked him about where the money is , about accomplices and videos ... and he refused to say anything about that , " Winkler said . Authorities said Klatten , who is married with three children , had an affair with Sgarbi . He started to ask her for money , and she paid several million at first , but when she refused to provide more he threatened to send compromising videos to her husband and the media . Klatten went to the police in January 2008 , telling them she was the victim of a fraud and blackmail . At the time , her spokesman , Joerg Appelhans , told CNN that Sgarbi 's goal had always been to con her . "  She rigorously notified authorities even in light of the uncomfortable public repercussions this would have for her , " Appelhans said . Sgarbi 's lawyer , Egon Geis , said he was surprised by all the media attention . "  This is all because of Mrs. Klatten , take the same amount of money and any other person and no one would care . " Sgarbi allegedly maintained relationships with a number of woman , telling them he was a special Swiss representative in crisis zones . Klatten , the daughter of the late BMW chief Herbert Quandt , holds a 12.5-percent stake in the German carmaker and a 51.1-percent share of chemical company Altana . Forbes magazine lists her as the world 's 55th richest person , with a personal fortune of $ 13.2 billion . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Germany 's richest woman told police she was being blackmailed for millions BMW heiress said former lover threatened to release images of them Helg Sgarbi 's admits trying to blackmail BMW heiress and others
CNN  -- Have you heard the one about the Justice Department 's $ 16 muffins ? Probably not , though even if you have , this latest revelation of workaday government waste has long since lost its capacity to shock . And therein lies the real problem . For those catching up : The DOJ 's OIG  Office of Inspector General  Tuesday released an audit showing that the department spent nearly $ 500,000 for food and beverages at just 10 Justice-sponsored conferences in 2008 and 2009 . "  One conference , " auditors found , "  served $ 16 muffins while another served Beef Wellington hors d'oeuvres that cost $ 7.32 per serving . Coffee and tea at the events cost between $ 0.62 and $ 1.03 an ounce . At the $ 1.03 per-ounce price , an 8-ounce cup of coffee would have cost $ 8.24 . " Some outrage at this routine squandering of taxpayer money predictably ensued , but so did not a small amount of eye-rolling and mirth . The Baltimore Sun editorial board , for example , said that while "  Wasteful government spending deserves to be condemned in the strongest terms possible "  the Sun 's preferred strong terms being "  Washington chokes on its muffins "  , the overspending is "  far from the cause of nation 's deficit . " This is true , as far as it goes . The nation 's current and future deficit is driven overwhelmingly by health care , military and retirement spending , each of which involve ever-increasing promises that have proved politically career-threatening to scale back . That 's why politicians prefer instead to talk about $ 16 muffins and $ 600 toilet seats -- it 's the least expensive way to simulate fiscal responsibility . The boy who cries muffin while signing onto every new major entitlement and military adventure is not in any position to deliver lectures about tax-dollar stewardship . And never forget that the spending frenzy is distinctly bipartisan : Even alleged fiscal radical Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , voted for the Troubled Assets Relief Program , the Iraq War and Medicare Part D . So should we just greet muffinflation with a weary shrug ? Not remotely , no . The lesson of government waste , whether on $ 16 muffins or $ 535 million loan guarantees to solar power companies or $ 48 billion in "  improper " Medicare payments , is one worth relearning every day . Managers whose budgets do not depend on customer satisfaction and who do not face competitive pressure in the marketplace , will not , on balance , spend their money wisely . Vendors selling to those managers know that price matters much less than it does to , say , Wal-Mart . And anywhere there is political urgency and official involvement high up the command chain , conditions will begin resembling a gold rush . As major Solyndra investor and Barack Obama donor George Kaiser told a crowd of his fellow Oklahomans not long after Obama 's stimulus was announced in 2009 , "  There 's never been more money shoved out of the government 's door in world history and probably never will be again than in the last few months and the next 18 months . And our selfish , parochial goal is to get as much of it for Tulsa and Oklahoma as we possibly can . " There is no such thing as war without the brutal , violent death of innocents , including children . Similarly , there is no such thing as government spending without gobs of disgusting waste , graft and corruption . It 's all cooked right into the system . That 's why muffin-cynicism troubles me most . The same Baltimore Sun that can decry such waste in one breath , will invite it in its next : "  Let Congress vent its spleen and deal with whoever is responsible for the Justice Department 's very poor judgment , " the editorial board wrote . "  Then it should get back to the business of creating jobs and stimulating the weak economy in the short-run and adopting sensible economic policy that reduces the deficit in the long-term . " As long as we believe that government is good at creating jobs and stimulating the economy , we 're going to be stuffed by much more than just $ 16 muffins . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Welch .	A report criticized Justice Department for extravagant spending Matt Welch says it 's natural to make light of the $ 16 muffin He says government does n't exercise any spending restraint Welch : Larger issue of uncontrolled spending is deadly serious
CNN  -- Spanish champions Barcelona remained five points clear of Real Madrid despite having two players sent off against Getafe on Saturday . Josep Guardiola 's team played more than an hour with 10 men after Gerard Pique was dismissed , then substitute Rafael Marquez was ordered off in time added on to concede a penalty , but Barca still managed to pull off a 2-1 victory and remain undefeated in 21 La Liga matches this season . Second-placed Real had no such problems in defeating Barca 's city neighbors Espanyol 3-0 in the late match , keeping within two victories of their great rivals . Barcelona took the lead after only seven minutes against visiting Getafe when world player of the year Lionel Messi curled in a superb left-foot effort for his 16th league goal in 18 appearances after a corner was not cleared . Defender Gerard Pique then saw red for a rash lunge in the 25th minute on Rafa Lopez , who prevented the hosts from doubling their lead just before halftime with a flying block to keep out striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's goalbound shot . Mali midfielder Seydou Keita also should have scored but hit Getafe 's sidenetting just before an hour , then a counter-attacking Messi set up stand-in captain Xavi to make it 2-0 on 67 . Mexico defender Marquez , who came on at halftime , was red-carded in the second minute of injury-time after crudely pushing Kepa Blanco from behind when he seemed set to score , and Roberto Soldado netted the resulting spot-kick . It came too late for Getafe , who were left in seventh place , 24 points behind the leaders . Kaka scored for the first time since November as Real Madrid cruised to victory at home to Espanyol despite being without the suspended Cristiano Ronaldo . Defender Sergio Ramos headed home Esteban Granero 's fifth-minute free-kick , while Brazil playmaker Kaka pounced to score the second goal after half an hour after goalkeeper Carlos Kameni did well to block Raul 's header . Real seemed to take their foot off the pedal in the second spell until the 90th minute when Gonzalo Higuain showed silky skills to control a long ball , evade the defense and slot his 12th league goal of the season to clinch an 11th successive league win at the Bernabeu this season . Valencia consolidated third place with a 2-0 victory at home to Real Valladolid which left them eight points behind Real . Midfielder Ever Banega scored in the eighth minute and Spain striker David Villa doubled the lead after half an hour as Onesimo Sanchez made a losing start top his reign as coach of the 17th-placed visitors , who could drop into the bottom three after Sunday 's fixtures .	Barcelona remain five points clear of Real Madrid , beating Getafe 2-1 despite two red cards Gerard Pique sent off in 25th minute and sub Rafael Marquez goes in time added on Second-placed Real cruise to 3-0 win over Espanyol as Kaka nets for first time in 2010 Valencia consolidate third place with 2-0 victory at home to lowly Real Valladolid
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Massive mudslides in northwestern China have killed 337 people , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Monday . An additional 1,148 people are missing , the news agency said , citing the civil affairs department in Gansu Province . Authorities report 76 people have been injured and about 45,000 have been evacuated from Zhouqu County in the country 's northwest , according to a statement from the provincial civil affairs department . The landslides occurred early Sunday morning after heavy rains started pummeling the area Saturday , authorities said . On Sunday afternoon , Premier Wen Jiabao and other government officials arrived at the mountainous region to survey the damage , according to Xinhua . Wen also insisted that electricity be restored and traffic resumed in Zhouqu County as soon as possible . The premier trudged through the mud and rocks in the badly hit Sanyan Valley , where some 300 households were submerged by the mudslides , Xinhua reported . "  Currently the key tasks and challenges are : expanding the scope for search and rescue ; dealing with the barrier lake  caused by mudslides  in a timely and scientific manner ; cleaning the sludge and resuming the supply of drinking water , " Wen said Monday , according to Xinhua . The mudslides caused the Bailong River in Gansu province to become obstructed and overflow , and sent water rushing over its banks , state-run CCTV reported . The Chinese military used explosives to blast through the blockage , a spokesman with the emergency rescue headquarters told Xinhua . Excavators also were used to remove the debris and start a controlled release of the water . In Gansu , villagers -- many of them barefoot -- slogged through the mud carrying their children and their belongings on their shoulders . Some villagers carried bodies wrapped in blankets and placed on wooden planks hoisted onto their shoulders . The water level in the county seat of Chengguan Township had receded by 40 cm  16 inches  Sunday , after floodwaters carrying mud and rocks submerged half the town , Mao Shengwu , head of the prefecture , told the news agency . "  Torrential rains began to fall at around 10 p.m. Saturday . Then there were mudslides and many people became trapped . Now sludge has become the biggest hindrance to rescue operations . It 's too thick to walk or drive through , " said an official identified by Xinhua only as Diemujiangteng , head of the county . "  Since excavators ca n't reach the site , we can only use spades and our hands to rescue the buried , " He Youxin , an officer with the Gannan branch of the Gansu Headquarters of Chinese People 's Armed Police Force , told the news agency . His rescue team has saved 23 people and recovered 15 bodies , he said . But , "  It 's very hard to locate the people washed away by floods . It 's hard to say what their chances of survival are , " he said . The news agency said the police rescued two children and three adults who were trapped atop a seven-story building , half of which had been washed away by the flood waters , according to a video clip shot by a police officer shown on Chinese Central Television . More than 300 homes in Yueyuan Village in the county had been buried . But the number of deaths there were not known , Mao told the news agency . A total of 600 soldiers arrived in Zhouqu County to perform relief work , Xinhua said . Three other detachments consisting of more than 1,700 soldiers as well as a 180-member medical team are on their way to the affected areas . China 's armed police have also sent 2,100 members to help , the news agency reported . By Sunday afternoon , the provincial civil affairs department had sent 3,900 tents , about 40,000 boxes of instant noodles and 31,300 boxes of bottled drinking water to the county . But the county still needs 441 tons of drinking water and 22 tons of instant food , said a spokesman with the prefecture 's government , according to Xinhua . The county needs an estimated 11,023 tons of water and 551 tons of instant food in the next 25 days , Xinhua reported . CNN 's Emily Chang contributed to this story from Gansu Province .	Death toll increases to 337 Premier Wen Jiabao urged rescuers to move quickly to find survivors About 1,100 people are missing Heavy rains trigger landslides in the northwest
CNN  -- Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States will not let up its pressure on Iran over its disputed nuclear program despite recent diplomatic overtures between the two countries . "  We will pursue a diplomatic initiative with eyes wide open , " Kerry said in Rome during a meeting Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , "  aware it will be vital for Iran to live up to those standards other nations that have nuclear programs live up to as they prove those programs are indeed peaceful . " Despite a softening of rhetoric on some fronts by the regime in Tehran , there have been fears by other countries in the region that the United States might be too quick to offer incentives to Iran in the latest round of negotiations between Iran and the group known as the P5 +1 , which includes the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council and Germany . Netanyahu , who has said Iran 's nuclear program poses an existential threat to Israel , was cautious in his assessment of the current state of play . "  Iran must not have nuclear weapon capability , " he told Kerry . "  I think no deal is better than a bad deal . " For Netanyahu , any deal with Iran must include a prohibition on centrifuges that can be used to enrich uranium to a weapons grade level , as well as the dismantling of a plutonium heavy water plant in Arak that has yet to come on line . "  They should get rid of the amassed fissile material , and they should n't have underground nuclear facilities , " Netanyahu said in reference to the Fordow facility near the city of Qom , which was discovered in 2009 . Netanyahu is not alone in his plea for the Obama administration to take a slow and cautious approach in the latest round of negotiations . Members from both parties in Congress have urged the administration not to loosen any of the sanctions that are choking Iran 's economy prematurely . Legislation is being drafted that could tighten the sanctions regime until a deal is reached . "  No deal is better than a bad deal , " Kerry said echoing Netanyahu as the two began approximately seven hours of talks about Iran , Syria , and the peace process with the Palestinians . "  But if this can be solved satisfactorily , diplomatically , it is clearly better for everyone . " The next round of talks with Iran and the P5 +1 is scheduled to take place next month in Geneva .	Kerry : "  We will pursue a diplomatic initiative with eyes wide open " "  Iran must not have nuclear weapon capability , " Netanyahu emphasizes to Kerry Both say that not reaching a deal with Iran would be better than agreeing to a bad deal They are discussing Iran , Syria , and the peace process with the Palestinians
Tokyo  CNN  -- Nine bodies -- eight of them burned -- have been pulled from vehicles crushed in a tunnel collapse about 80 kilometers  50 miles  west of Tokyo , highway police said Monday . The disaster has prompted Japanese authorities to order emergency checks on dozens of other tunnels across the country that have a similar design , as questions were raised about whether aging parts may have contributed to the collapse . Five of the bodies were recovered in one charred station wagon , and three others were in another burned vehicle , according to a police spokesperson . The other fatality was in a truck . The Sasago tunnel on the Chuo Expressway remained closed Monday morning , one day after the cave-in occurred on the highway 's Tokyo-bound lanes , police from the nearby city of Otsuki said . Japanese highway police said Monday that the section of concrete that fell was 110 meters  360 feet  long , Earlier , officials from the East Yamanashi Fire Department said it was about 50 to 60 meters  160 to 200 feet  long and about 20 centimeters  8 inches  thick . "  Cars in front of us were crushed . It was terrifying , " a man who witnessed the collapse told CNN affiliate TV Asahi . "  I do n't think I could ever drive through the tunnel again , " he said . Soon after the collapse , Japanese public broadcaster NHK aired images showing smoke rising , a blue car with its side smashed in , and emergency vehicles on the scene . Crews worked through the night as snow fell outside , trying to get to victims . All the while they were wary that the tunnel might collapse further . The Japanese Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism said it had ordered emergency inspections of about 49 tunnels nationwide that have a ceiling structure similar to that of the Sasago tunnel . The privately held Central Nippon Expressway Company operates the 4.7-kilometer-long Sasago tunnel , among others , as well as expressways and toll roads around Japan . Some of the bolts on the on the fallen concrete slabs had dropped off , a company executive , Ryoichi Yoshizawa , said at a news conference Monday in Nagoya . "  The aging of the bolts or the concrete slabs could be a potential cause , " Yoshizawa said , according to company spokesman Takayuki Ohmasa , who relayed the comments . Yoshizawa told reporters that company maintenance teams had carried out regular visual checks on the ceiling that collapsed but had not done physical checks , like knocking on the bolts and slabs . The Chuo Expressway is a particularly busy stretch of highway that runs between Tokyo and , among other places , Mount Fuji . While it is a distance from the Japanese capital , the partial tunnel collapse and its subsequent closure are expected to cause major traffic disruptions , especially for those who rely on the expressway for business . Authorities have not given any indication of when they expect the tunnel to reopen . Are you there ? Share you stories , videos and images . Journalist Toshi Maeda in Tokyo contributed to this report .	Aging parts in the tunnel 's structure could be a cause , a company official says Five of the bodies were recovered in one charred station wagon , police say "  Cars in front of us were crushed . It was terrifying " a witness tells TV Asahi The partial cave-in was on the Chuo Expressway , 50 miles west of Tokyo
CNN  -- A U.S. guided missile destroyer was involved in a collision with an oil tanker near the Strait of Hormuz , the U.S. Navy announced . No one on either the USS Porter or the Japanese-owned M/V Otowasan was injured , the Navy said . The 505-foot Porter is operating under its own power near the strait , a strategically important chokepoint for oil shipments from the Persian Gulf . The crew is evaluating the damage , which appeared in photos released by the military to be a large dent in the side . The Norfolk , Virginia-based ship is part of the U.S. 5th Fleet and left its home port on March 12 . The Navy said the accident , which occurred Sunday at about 1 a.m. local time , was not combat-related . Navy : U.S. destroyer collides with oil tanker Iranian sailors chase off pirates attacking U.S. ship	Vessels collided near important point for oil shipments leaving the Persian Gulf No one was injured , military says Ship is under way while crew evaluates the damage
CNN  -- Unsolicited text messages from scammers , companies and political campaigns are illegal and annoying . But at least now they 're easier to report . Recently all of the major North American wireless carriers have deployed a centralized spam-reporting service backed by GSMA , a global association of wireless carriers . This service collects information about spam complaints from all participating carriers into a common database , which may make it easier for carriers to identify spammers and take action against them . According to GSMA , one feature of the new spam-reporting service is that it generates a data feed of spam reports that carriers can integrate into their network security measures . It may be hard to tell whether this new system does any good . But it probably ca n't hurt . I just tested it . Here 's how it works : When you receive a spam text message on your phone , forward that text to the shortcode 7726  which spells "  SPAM "  . You 'll then receive an automated message from your wireless carrier , asking you then to enter the phone number from which the spam text was sent . I first reported as spam a text message I received from the Mitt Romney presidential campaign .  To be clear , the Romney campaign did not spam me . I voluntarily signed up to receive its text updates . However , I had to test this spam reporting service with somebody 's text message , and I doubt that one spam report would do Romney much harm . The Romney campaign sends texts from a common shortcode  a short telephone number that 's leased by the U.S. government for texting programs -- a use that is highly regulated  . So when I responded to Verizon with the sender 's phone number , I received a response that said : "  It is likely that your message came from a shortcode . Please return to the original message and reply STOP . " OK , this might sound like the new spam reporting service did n't really do anything -- but actually it probably did the right thing . In the United States , any texting campaign that uses a shortcode has to obey strict rules . One of those rules is that if you reply "  stop " to any message that came from a shortcode , it has to stop sending you messages . Many mobile users do n't know this , so this is a good reminder first to try to unsubscribe . And also , it verifies that my test did n't do Romney 's campaign any harm . But many text-spam messages are sent from regular phone numbers , not shortcodes , precisely because shortcode use is so tightly monitored and regulated . Organizations that disobey U.S. shortcode rules can find their shortcode lease revoked , or their messages blocked by carriers . Next I tested the spam-reporting service by forwarding to it a spam text I had received from an ordinary phone number . It claimed to be offering a Walmart gift card , but that was most likely a ruse . After I got Verizon 's acknowledgment of my spam report and sent it the full 10-digit phone number of the spam sender , the system responded : "  Thank you , we appreciate your assistance . " It also offered Verizon 's instructions for blocking text messages from a specific number . This spam reporting service apparently does n't tell you whether any action was taken against the spammer you reported . So it 's a little unsatisfying in that regard . Also , this service is new , so it 's unclear so far what kind of difference it might make in the fight against spam texts . However , forwarding spam texts to an easy-to-remember shortcode is a simple thing to do . So it might be a good idea to try using this service to report any spam texts that you receive . Let 's hope it helps . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	North American wireless carriers have deployed a new spam-reporting service Service generates a data feed of spam reports that carriers can integrate into security Organizations that disobey shortcode rules can find their shortcode lease revoked The service does n't tell you if any action was taken against the spammer you reported
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Is the United States the "  greatest country on earth " ? You hear that a lot , or phrases like that , during this presidential campaign . Candidates may attack other candidates , or the sitting president , but they never attack the idea that America is special , a "  city upon a hill . " "  The last , best hope of Earth . " It 's part of America 's ideology and its tradition of political rhetoric . To many Americans ' ears , it sounds normal . But to citizens of other countries it 's sometimes jarring , as if Americans put their country ahead of any other , as if the United States thinks it has the right to tell the rest of the world what to do . We went to the Jefferson Memorial in Washington , D.C. and asked visitors if they agree America "  knows best " and the United States has an obligation to spread its values around the world . Almost everyone we talked with did not agree . Rachel Army , a teacher with a Washington , D.C. non-governmental organization , said : "  I have a lot of pride in our government however , at the same time , it is ours and I do n't think that it is right to force it on other people . " Jermane Bonilla , from Los Angeles , said he thinks the United States is a special country , "  the most powerful nation on earth and the most beautiful country on earth , in my mind . " But , he told us "  it might not be the same model that everybody should be using . " They 're not the exception , it turns out . In their book , "  America Against the World , " Pew Research Center President Andrew Kohut and journalist Bruce Stokes say it 's more often U.S. leaders who want to impose American values in other countries -- not the American people . The authors analyzed international surveys of people around the globe going back to the 1980 's as well as more than 100,000 interviews in 60 countries . Their conclusion ? "  Contrary to widespread misconceptions , Americans ' pride in their country is not evangelistic . The American people , as opposed to some of their leaders , seek no converts to their ideology . " Citizens of many other countries , too , may think their national way of life is the best but , these authors say , "  they do n't dominate the globe . " Americans may not be that different from others but the differences that do exist are magnified , fueling resentment around the world . E-mail to a friend	"  U.S.A. the special " is a staple of political rhetoric Authors find citizens are proud but not evangelistic about the country View is similar to citizens of other countries but it 's magnified by U.S. power
