Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration has restricted all planes traveling over Iraq from flying at or below 30,000 feet , a threshold similar to the altitude of a Malaysian airliner that was downed over Ukraine . The FAA restriction issued late Thursday comes in response to fighting in Iraq between government forces and rebel militants from Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . The new Notice-To-Airmen  NOTAM  from the FAA also prohibits flights into and out of Erbil and Sulaymaniyah . Erbil , the capital of Iraq 's semiautonomous region of Kurdistan , and Sulaymaniyah , a Kurdish controlled city , have been considered safe havens in the conflict , both housing thousands of refugees . The US has said Malaysia Airlines flight 17 was shot out of the sky by a surface-to-air missile , likely manned by Russian-backed separatists in Ukraine . That disaster , on July 17 , killed all 298 people on board , and raised fears about the safety of international flights over conflict zones .	Planes traveling over Iraq must fly higher than 30,000 feet the FAA also prohibits flights into and out of Erbil and Sulaymaniyah MH17 was downed over Ukraine 's conflict region from an altitude of about 30,000 feet
CNN  -- Hurricane Paloma continued to intensify Friday night as the Category 3 storm pounded Grand Cayman island with strong winds and heavy rain . As of 10 p.m. ET Friday , Paloma was moving northeast through the Cayman Islands . The National Hurricane Center said additional strengthening of the storm could occur through Saturday night as Paloma turned northeast and headed toward Cuba . A hurricane warning was in effect Friday throughout the Cayman islands , with residents being told that "  preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion , " the center said . A hurricane warning means that hurricane conditions are expected within 24 hours . Cuban officials also issued a hurricane warning for the provinces of Sancti Spiritus , Ciego de Avila , Camaguey and Las Tunas , the Miami , Florida-based hurricane center said in an advisory . As of 10 p.m. ET , Paloma 's winds were near 115 mph  185 kph  with higher gusts . Paloma is forecast to approach Cuba as a Category 2 storm after weakening late Saturday , according to the hurricane center . Watch rainstorms beat the Cayman Islands " Friday evening , the center of Paloma was about 25 miles  40 kilometers  south of Grand Cayman Island and about 275 miles  443 kilometers  southwest of Camaguey , Cuba . It was moving northeast at about 7 mph and was expected to pass near Grand Cayman Friday night and approach the coast of central Cuba late Saturday , the hurricane center said . The storm 's projected path would steer it away from the U.S. mainland and into the Atlantic . See where the hurricane could be headed " J.B. Webb , a manager at a radio station on Grand Cayman , said Friday evening that some residents had gone to shelters and others were shutting themselves in downtown businesses rebuilt to withstand a Category 5 hurricane . He said the local government had advised people to be off the roads by 11 a.m. . The storm is expected to produce rainfall accumulations of 5 to 10 inches over the Caymans and central and eastern Cuba , with isolated maximum totals of 15 inches possible . Flash floods and mudslides are possible , forecasters said . Hurricane-force winds extend outward up to 25 miles from the center , and tropical storm-force winds extend outward up to 120 miles , the hurricane center said . iReport.com : Are you in Paloma 's path ? Forecasters predicted storm-surge flooding of 5 to 7 feet above normal tide levels , accompanied by dangerous battering waves , near the center of Paloma in the Cayman Islands . Near where Paloma is expected to make landfall , along Cuba 's southern coast , storm surge flooding of 8 to 12 feet is forecast , the hurricane center said . Cuban television was broadcasting advisories to viewers , telling them not to cross swollen rivers , to avoid fallen cables and to evacuate if told to do so by Civil Defense officials . In Las Tunas , students in boarding schools were sent home , because the schools will be used as shelters . Evacuations were under way in some coastal areas prone to flooding . Rice and cereal was being shipped to other parts of the country to keep it from spoiling , and no tourists were being allowed to enter many areas . CNN 's Morgan Neill and Rory Suchet contributed to this report .	NEW : Cayman Island residents flee homes for shelters , fortified buildings Paloma has 115-mph winds ; storm-surge flooding expected in Caymans Evacuations under way in parts of Cuba ; safety advisories issued Projected path would steer hurricane away from U.S. mainland
CNN  -- Meet football 's answer to Tintin . He was the silver-haired striker whose goals propelled Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain to European glory . Eric Castel was a hero to boys across the continent , his exploits at the Camp Nou and the Parc des Princes cementing his status as a football and comic book icon . And ahead of Wednesday 's European Champions League quarterfinal second leg , memories of a winger who brought joy to fans of both teams will be thrust sharply into focus . Former Barcelona president Joan Laporta called Castel the club 's greatest ever signing , while current Barca playmaker Xavi is among his legion of loyal fans . Join the CNN Football Club Castel 's career flowed through the pencil of Raymond Reding , whose vibrant illustrations captivated a generation of youngsters . The French star was known by different names across Europe -- Ronnie Hansen in the Netherlands , Kai Falke in Germany -- but he was always brought to life by the hand of Reding , who died in April 1999 . Reding , while also working on other make-believe sporting heroes , spent time working on Belgium 's favorite young adventurer Tintin during the 1950s . "  With Francoise Hugues , Raymond Reding created this character in 1973 with a football player named Max Falk , " football agent and Castel enthusiast Olivier Jouanneaux told CNN . "  He played in a company football team , not as a professional , in Dusseldorf , Germany . "  The Dutch comic magazine Zack ordered Reding to create a comic about football to be published in 1974 , the same year Germany hosted the World Cup . " Characters such as Castel have always been a staple for football fans throughout the years . English youngsters were held in thrall by the trials and tribulations of Roy Race , the eponymous hero of the "  Roy of the Rovers " series who dazzled during decades with the fictional Melchester Rovers club . Castel 's career began in 1979 , the year the real Barca team lifted the European Cup Winners ' Cup , and his story was told across 15 albums running until 1992 -- the year the Catalans became champions of Europe for the first time . "  Nothing sounds better for a younger Barca supporter than a comic hero who wears the shirt of his team and lives so many adventures , " says filmmaker Uri Garcia , who is hoping to produce a documentary about Castel . "  On the other hand , as seen in the comics , the drawing style of Reding is very realistic and is very well documented . "  I live in Barcelona , and during my childhood I lived next to the Camp Nou . For me , as well as for many fans of Catalonia , it was very exciting and special to see your city and your football club drawn as well in a comic . " While his exploits on the pitch excited readers , it was Castel 's friendship with a group of young boys which was central to his appeal . "  My favorite moment could be when Castel meets Pablito and the juniors in Tossa de Mar in the first album , " recalls Garcia , referring to the Catalonia municipality , which is north of Barcelona . "  Castel trains with the guys in the middle of the street but they do n't know that he is the new star of Barca . " Reding 's portrayal of the relationship between Castel and Pablito Varela and his friends , the "  Pablitos " , allowed every young child to imagine what it would be like to befriend a soccer superstar . "  Reding did well in creating a strong relationship between Castel and the ` Pablitos ' despite their age differences , " says Jouanneaux , who is a FIFA agent . "  Everyone can find himself in this comic . A child can dream to live events like the ` Pablitos ' did . " True cule As with all good stories , Castel 's career took a sudden twist in 1984 when the goalscorer signed for PSG . "  As a French citizen , I was happy to see him at a French club , " says Jouanneaux . "  That was a big success for the French championship and also the possibility to see French stadiums and teams . "  On the other hand , this move was a little disappointing . Everybody wondered , could his relationship with the ` Pablitos ' continue ? " Castel 's transfer came back to haunt the fictional Barca team in edition eight after he powered PSG to victory in the CEVA Cup , a made up European competition , beating the Catalan club in the final . Castel fans were outraged . The character had never won the CEVA Cup with Barca and now he had extinguished his former club 's hopes . "  The whole affair led to outrage among followers of the series , who were devastated by Raymond Reding and Françoise Hugues ' decision to transfer Eric Castel to Paris Saint-Germain , " said Barca 's official website . "  Not only that , but to also have him participate in the defeat of Barça in the most important club competition in Europe . " Having spent issues eight and nine in the French capital , and after Barca lowered their financial demands , Castel made an emotional return to the Catalan club . His comeback was the stuff of dreams for young Barca and Castel fans . In 1988 , four years after leaving the Nou Camp , Castel finally fired the club to CEVA Cup success . "  I liked so much the moment when Barça wins the final of CEVA with a penalty from Eric in the 12th album 12 , " says Garcia . "  In the 1980s Barça had never won the Champions League . It was a great time to be a Barca supporter . "  Before Barça became the great Barça that it is today , a Belgian illustrator took a chance on this club by making the hero of his comic , a fictional French footballer called Eric Castel , a player for the team . "  Castel quickly became an idol for many young readers in the '80s , all over the world . " In reality Barca and PSG are both attempting to conquer Europe , with Wednesday 's second leg tie in Barcelona delicately poised after the first leg in Paris finished 2-2 . If he were still around today , who would Castel want to advance to the semfinals ? "  I believe that Eric is a Barça supporter , " responds Garcia . "  He is a real cule . "	Eric Castel was a comic book hero who starred for Barcelona and PSG Castel was first seen in 1973 in the form of German player Max Falk Comic book hero graced 15 editions , running from 1979 to 1992 Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain play each other in Champions League this week
CNN  -- "  Thank you , Mr. President , you 're not such a bad-looking guy yourself . " That would have been my response if I were California Attorney General Kamala Harris , who finds herself in the middle of a media dustup after President Obama introduced her as : "  by far the best-looking attorney general in the country , " at a fundraiser earlier this week . Harris is a beautiful woman . She 's also super intelligent and accomplished , which the president also noted . In fact , he lauded her professional merits first . So , I say take the compliment and move on . Or , if you 're slightly embarrassed by the comment , give it back and move on . President Obama 's observation is not a major offense to women around the globe . Ridiculous flaps such as this one have always made me uncomfortable with calling myself a feminist , especially if that means I have to fly into a fit each time a man makes an awkward comment about a woman . These were the president 's exact words , according to a White House transcript from the fundraiser : "  You have to be careful to , first of all , say she is brilliant and she is dedicated and she is tough , and she is exactly what you 'd want in anybody who is administering the law , and making sure that everybody is getting a fair shake . She also happens to be by far the best-looking attorney general in the country â $ " Kamala Harris is here .  Applause .  It 's true . Come on .  Laughter .  And she is a great friend and has just been a great supporter for many , many years . " Opinion : Obama 's ` best-looking ' remark was sexist Clearly , the president realized in hindsight that his comment did n't go over very well , and he has apologized . But I do n't believe an apology was necessary . It 's impossible to believe that anyone could seriously call President Obama a chauvinist over this banter between friends . No matter your politics , you will have a hard time finding a president who has included women more in his agenda . What has he done for us lately ? Let me recall just a few things : - Appointed two female Supreme Court justices , Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor . - Appointed Hillary Clinton as secretary of state . - Signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , which restored worker protections against pay discrimination . The bill had failed in the Senate in 2007 . I have disagreed with the president at times , but if POTUS is sexist , then we need more men just like him ; the world would be a much better place for women . In my book , when a person -- man or woman -- acknowledges someone 's intellect and professionalism and then gives a lighthearted nod to her beauty , it 's not sexist . It 's just a compliment . Throughout my career , I 've had to learn how to deal with men , and a few women , who made it a point to always comment on my looks , or tell jokes about women working in sports . Early in my career , I admit , I was uncomfortable and wondered how to best handle the situation , not easy when you are many times the only woman in the newsroom . But even when I started out , I realized that context is everything , especially in the workplace , when talking about women and harassment . Here 's an example : One night , while I was working late in the office editing on deadline , a male co-worker stumbled into my cubicle in a drunken stupor , he slung himself on my desk and leaned into me , slurring : "  Roxanne , you 're so beautiful . Seriously , I 've been watching you . ... Why do n't you pay attention to me ? " Now , that was creepy . And clearly it was sexual harassment . My bosses and the human resources department quickly dealt with the guy . In fact , his behavior was reported by a male colleague , who witnessed the entire thing , before I could even make the call . On another occasion , a senior executive speaking at an employee "  town hall " meeting at work , pointed me out for a professional accomplishment , and then added : "  Hey , Roxanne looks like that woman on the show , ` The Next Top Model . ' " There was some laughter in the room but most of the women froze . I did not . I laughed and said : "  Thanks , I 'm glad you like my new hairdo . " Sure , I knew immediately that the comment was a little awkward . But I was in no way offended . And I did not want the executive , who had always been a champion for women in the workplace , to get any backlash for his comment . He did n't deserve the criticism . Honestly , when he made that comment I was more worried that my female colleagues would be angry with me . Women might not want to admit this but we often hate women who look good , are smart and successful . Just think : Sheryl Sandberg , Facebook COO , or Marissa Meyer , Yahoo! CEO . Maybe we 've been conditioned to believe the stereotypes . But none of us will achieve true equality in the workplace until we end this animus toward one another and focus on how to truly achieve power . Luckily , sometimes life is n't serious . Sometimes , we can laugh at ourselves and know that not every man is out to hold us down . And if we women are indeed confident in our abilities and our appearance -- no matter how we look on the outside -- then we should stop cowering every time a man notices us and makes a comment . Stand up strong and take the compliment , but just make sure you 're handling your business , because beauty is nothing without brains to match . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones : Obama taking huge heat from comment that California AG is good looking Jones : Comment came after praise for accomplishments and was not sexist She says a comment in that context is a compliment ; women should know the difference Jones : President is known for including women 's issues in his agenda
CNN  -- Hundreds of young adults are getting a lesson in health insurance from some unusual places : an Affordable Comedy Act show and slam poetry in Chicago , a local DJ in New Orleans and a bar crawl in Austin . With a little more than five weeks left for open enrollment in the state and federal exchanges , health insurance advocates are working hard to enroll millennials . In theory , young people are healthier , and in order to make the law cost-effective , the government needs healthy people to enroll to help pay for the sicker people who will be eligible to buy insurance -- some for the first time , since you can no longer be denied a policy because of pre-existing conditions . "  There 's broad agreement that if young and healthy people forgo purchasing coverage for whatever reason while those that are older and costlier choose to sign up , then cost will increase for everyone with insurance . So , it 's important to have broad participation in the system , " said Clare Krusing of America 's Health Insurance Plans . Organizations and cities across the country are hosting events aimed not only at enrolling young people in the exchanges , but also getting them involved in education and outreach efforts . They kicked off the campaign with National Youth Enrollment Day on February 15 and will continue to spread the word until the marketplaces close on March 31 . So far , only 9 % of those who have bought policies are between the ages of 18 and 25 . Only 16 % of those who have bought policies so far are between the ages of 26 to 34 . However , January marked a 3 % increase in enrollment among people ages 18 to 34 , according to HHS , indicating enrollment growth of 65 % for the age group . Of those who have enrolled in the exchanges since October 1 , 25 % are between 18 and 34 , the department says . Terry Burke , vice president of individual business for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan , said in the first four months of the marketplace opening they have seen about a third of their membership among 18 - to 34-year-olds . However , there has been an uptick in young people buying policies -- and indeed , in every age group -- as the end of open enrollment nears . Two organizations -- Enroll America and Young Invincibles -- are spearheading these efforts , trying to reach millennials through the Get Covered campaign that launched in June . "  We 're thinking outside the box in terms of ways to engage people on the topic , " said Aaron Smith , executive director of Young Invincibles . They are also teaming up with the Columbus College of Art and Design and the Chicago Coalition for the Homeless to reach out to young adult artists and the homeless , who are likely to be uninsured . They go door-to-door and provide educational materials , collect "  commit cards " from interested consumers and have navigators enroll people in insurance plans . Outreach has expanded to the digital sphere as well through Twitter , memes and mobile apps . To get young adults on board , they have attempted to focus on issues salient to that age group , a primary one being cost . To combat the idea that insurance is too expensive , Enroll America provides a Get Covered calculator that allows consumers to get estimates for how much insurance will cost them . The Department of Health and Human Services reports that of the nearly 3.3 million people who have enrolled since October 1 , 82 % are eligible to receive financial assistance for their insurance plans . These groups have partnered with community colleges and public libraries , reached out to young parents through Head Start associations , and are doing small business outreach -- especially to restaurant workers . Rachael Klarman , Enroll America 's national youth engagement director , said they have worked with restaurant owners and managers to educate employees about new insurance options and to increase access to this highly uninsured group . Another message that has resonated among college students , in particular , is the fact that health insurance must cover things like mental health treatments and preventive care , Klarman said . California 's state exchange has aided the "  Get Covered , Tell a Friend " campaign by working with celebrities -- Kerry Washington , Magic Johnson and Adam Levine to name a few -- to educate their fans through social media . In Chicago , Roosevelt High School 's student club BuildOn organized 30 students to host an on-campus event Saturday , partnered with Family Focus - Nuestra Familia . The event hosted 30 navigators to provide one-on-one support and assist community members with the enrollment process . Bryan Quinlan , assistant principal at Roosevelt , said students were really excited about getting involved with the cause . Some eligible students even set up appointments and completed applications . "  They 've heard about the Affordable Care Act , but they do n't really know what it is . We know that financial literacy is one of the biggest hurdles the act is facing . It 's been good because they 're learning these financial and healthcare literacy tools and having some fun , " Quinlan said . According to Enroll America , on Saturday alone , #GetCovered was tweeted almost 6,000 times , potentially reaching as many as 225 million users . This online attention helped direct young people to the more than 125 events they hosted with their 70 partners . Nearly 100 people attended a Miami enrollment fair hosted by HHS , Enroll America and Young Invincibles . On site , 69 people created accounts and 40 successfully completed applications . Several hundred people attended "  Rock Enroll Houston " -- a Young Invincibles event co-sponsored by Community Health Choice , Planned Parenthood and United Way , among others . The event was live-broadcast and featured food trucks , free Zumba exercises in the park and autograph signings with two Houston Dynamo players . "  The idea was to provide information about health coverage in a fun atmosphere that encouraged young people to come by , stay , and hang out , " said Erin Hemlin , Young Invincibles ' national organizing and programs manager . Even prior to the launch of open enrollment on October 1 , youth were identified as a group critical to the success of the health insurance exchanges . The fact that young adults traditionally have not enrolled in health insurance makes this an uphill battle , said Doug Holtz-Eakin , president of the American Action Forum , a center-right policy institute . "  If the reason people are n't insured is ignorance , then outreach efforts will make a difference and the education will be helpful . But if the issues are what it costs and the incomes they have , then you ca n't change those fundamentals and it wo n't work , " Holtz-Eakin said . However , organizers remain optimistic . "  Hopefully we have some positive momentum here that we can build on , " Smith said .	About five weeks remain for open enrollment in the health exchanges Hundreds of events were held for National Youth Enrollment Day February 15 Enroll America and Young Invincibles use unique ways to reach young adults HHS reports that 25 % of enrollees are ages 18 to 34
CNN  -- An Australian government commission delivered a stunning blow to the sports-obsessed nation 's self-image , alleging that many professional athletes are using forbidden drugs often supplied by organized crime groups . The Australian Crime Commission said Thursday that a yearlong investigation found evidence suggesting "  widespread use " of prohibited substances and illicit drugs , some of them unapproved for human use , in a number of professional sports . "  The findings are shocking , and they 'll disgust Australian sports fans , " Justice Minister Jason Clare said at a news conference Thursday . Scientists , coaches and other staff have facilitated the use of the "  performance and image enhancing drugs , " which organized crime entities are involved in distributing , the commission said in a report detailing its disturbing conclusions over more than 40 pages . The revelations are especially devastating for a nation where sports such as rugby , cricket and Australian football underpin identity and culture . "  An understanding of sport is central to an understanding of Australian culture and Australians ' sense of who they are in the world , " according to the University of Sydney . "  Australia 's biggest cultural events are sporting events . " A grim start to 2013 for international sports The scandal follows a bleak few weeks for professional sports worldwide . Last month , U.S. cyclist Lance Armstrong admitted to the use of performance enhancing drugs and blood doping during his multiple Tour de France victories . And on Monday , European police officials said they were investigating hundreds of top soccer games over suspicions of match-fixing involving international crime syndicates . The Australian commission 's report did n't specify which sports are the focus of the doping allegations , citing legal restrictions . But it said that the current official doping statistics do n't reflect the scale of the problem . Clare said evidence suggests that the drug use does n't concern the "  majority " of sports professionals , but that "  we 're talking about multiple athletes across a number of codes . " In some cases , sports scientists and other staff are suspected of "  orchestrating the doping of entire teams , " he said . Concerns over organized crime The role of organized crime in the trade of the illicit substances , which include peptides and hormones , has caused particular concern . "  It 's cheating , but it 's worse than that , " Clare said . "  It 's cheating with the help of criminals . " Criminal groups are taking advantage of legal loopholes under which the supply of certain substances prohibited by sporting authorities is n't classed as a crime even though the athletes who use the drugs face heavy bans , the commission says . "  Professional sport in Australia is highly vulnerable to organized criminal infiltration through legitimate business relationships with sports franchises and other associations , " the report said . "  There is also increasing evidence of personal relationships of concern between professional athletes and organized criminal identities and groups , " it added . These connections "  may have resulted in match fixing and the fraudulent manipulation of betting markets , " according to the Australian government . ` The blackest day ' The government said it was responding by giving the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority increased powers and resources to investigate the issues . It also said that if "  persons of interest " refuse to cooperate with the authority 's investigations , they could face civil penalties . "  Do n't underestimate how much we know , " Clare said . "  If you are involved in this , come forward before you get a knock at the door . " He added that as a result of the commission 's report , authorities believe "  multiple potential criminal offenses have been committed , " and the relevant information has been passed onto police . The catalog of problems exposed by the commission 's report prompted expressions of dismay and disgust in Australia . Richard Ings , a former head of the anti-doping authority , summed up the mood . " This is not a black day in Australian sport , this is the blackest day in Australian sport , " he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . In an interview with CNN , Ings called the report a "  wake-up call " for sports and suggested that other countries should take a look at their own sports programs to check for doping and corruption . "  What is happening here and what has been uncovered here could easily happen in any other jurisdiction and any other country around the world , " he said . Many prohibited substances in use nowadays can not be detected by existing drug testing programs , according to Ings . "  The game has changed , " he said . "  It 's now about investigations , it 's about law enforcement , it 's about exactly what happened with Lance Armstrong . "	NEW : The problems could "  easily happen " in other countries , an ex-anti-doping official says An Australian commission finds evidence of "  widespread use " of doping in sports It says organized crime groups are involved in distributing the illicit drugs The findings will "  disgust Australian sports fans , " the justice minister says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A stolen Statue of Liberty replica has resurfaced in a disturbing video posted on YouTube that shows someone decapitating the blindfolded lady and smashing her head into pieces . The YouTube video shows a gloved hand sawing off Lady Liberty 's head before smashing it . The 200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop , a coffee shop in Brooklyn . "  It 's very disturbing , " shop operator Debi Ryan told CNN , adding the video struck a chord similar to that of terrorist assassination videos . "  I do n't know what it means . ... I do n't know who would do this . " The YouTube video begins with a waving American flag , and then shows a gloved hand sawing off the head of the statue before crushing it . The slogans "  We do n't want your freedom " and "  Death to America " flash across the screen during the one-minute video , which is dated July Fourth . It was anonymously e-mailed to the Daily News and Ryan earlier this week . Ryan said she 's sure the statue in the video is the one stolen from her cafe . "  She 's unique . I know my girl , " she said of the statue . "  We just had her completely refurbished , outfitted with a solar torch and painted . " Authorities told CNN they are handling the case as a larceny rather than separately investigating the YouTube video . "  We want to verify who sent the e-mail with the video and see if they 're responsible , " police said . A sign on the store , located in Ditmas Park , reads , "  Books , Coffee , Democracy , " near where the 8-foot replica of Lady Liberty used to stand outside . The self-described community coffee shop is also a bookstore and a spot for artists and performers . "  We 've created a space here that 's owned by the community , " Ryan said . "  We 're all about freedom of speech and freedom to be who you are and say whatever you think . " But Ryan does n't consider the YouTube video featuring her stolen statue appropriate free speech . "  Vox Pop stands for freedom of speech . You do n't get to steal somebody else 's property to send that message . We have to respect each other , " she said . Although the coffee shop recently faced economic problems and neighborhood tension , the motive behind the statue 's theft remains unknown . As for whether there will be a replacement statue , Ryan said , "  I 'm hoping . I think she belongs here . But she added , "  Whether we have a physical statue or not , what she stands for remains here . "	Video shows Statue of Liberty replica blindfolded before it 's decapitated , smashed 200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop coffee shop Slogans "  We do n't want your freedom , " "  Death to America " flash across screen Cops say they are handling case as larceny
The horrendous ambush assassination of two Las Vegas police officers at a pizzeria and the killing of a good Samaritan by a violent young married couple with anti-government hatred again show that domestic extremists on the fringes remain a continuing threat in America . In fact , in recent weeks the Department of Justice reconstituted a law enforcement working group devoted to addressing right-wing extremism . One of Sunday 's killers , who was reportedly removed by other militia protesters from the Bundy ranch standoff earlier this spring , draped an officer 's body with a yellow Gadsden "  Do n't Tread on Me Flag , " a swastika and a note about "  revolution . " In the 1970s , a significant violent threat came from small , tight-knit groups of the "  revolutionary left " such as the Weather Underground and Symbionese Liberation Army as well as the anti-police Black Liberation Army whose assassination sprees left 13 officers dead across the nation . Since the early 1980s , however , the domestic extremism threat pendulum has swung right , not only to white supremacists , but to anti-government "  Patriot " adherents who sometimes , but not always , embrace hard-core racial prejudice and violence . Today , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , these groups number more than 1,000 . The left-wing extremist groups of the 1970s operated as small , yet highly structured , segregated offshoots of the nonviolent civil rights and anti-war community . Unlike the more consistently planned bombings and premeditated assassinations of the 1970s left , right-wing violence today runs the gamut from Sunday 's ambush to more spontaneous killings that follow car stops or police calls about relatively mundane disputes . In 2010 , two West Memphis , Arkansas , police officers were killed by anti-government extremists during a routine car stop , and in 2009 three Pittsburgh officers died during a domestic disturbance call at the home of a gun-obsessed neo-Nazi . Today 's violent right-wing extremists often operate on the fringes of existing groups or social networks , where they gain inspiration and a belief system in lieu of directives or an actual rank or "  membership " card . While many of these favored groups are extremist , some are not . Jerad Milller , who police said carried out the Las Vegas attack with his wife , Amanda , reportedly went to the Bundy ranch militia protests and even posted a picture of a meeting he had with an extremist conspiracist on his Web page . He also used a flag popular with the right at the crime scene and "  liked " various mainstream political groups such as the National Rifle Association , whose executive vice president called federal agents "  jack-booted thugs " during the heyday of the 1990s militia movement , on his Facebook page . His posted manifesto contains overheated versions of themes that could fit into a mainstream political speech , with its vow to fight tyranny . To be sure , mainstream groups in politics countenance reform , not murder , but the often-shrill rhetoric , conspiracy theories and innuendo they sometimes promote may have consequences . Alex Jones , a popular radio personality of the far right , went so far as to accuse the federal government of staging the Las Vegas incident for political gain . Members of law enforcement are among the most visible and active civic officials to interact directly with the public , so their symbolism and proximity make them targets for those who hate and loathe the government . Moreover , many police interactions involve emotionally tense situations , making law enforcement susceptible not only to premeditated violence but spontaneous attacks as well . Extremists , unlike political players , have opted out of accepting the peaceful processes and institutions of our pluralistic democracy . The Las Vegas killers had not only targeted officers as a tyrannical enemy but may have planned an attack on a courthouse as well . When we engage in political debate , we have to be mindful that the embers of dissatisfaction with government can fly and land on violent and sometimes unstable people who rely on conspiracy theories as an anesthetic for either personal failures or emotional frustrations .	Brian Levin : Las Vegas killings show anti-government extremists remain a threat He says pendulum has swung from violent left-wing to right-wing militants Levin : Police are often the target because of their visibility as a symbol of government He says commentators need to be careful that their rhetoric does n't inspire fanatics
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has defended the UK 's involvement in the war in Afghanistan following the British Army 's bloodiest day of the near eight-year conflict . Soldiers from the Welsh Guards carry the coffin of Maj Sean Birchall , killed on patrol in Afghanistan in June . Addressing lawmakers on Monday , Brown said the security of Afghanistan was crucial to preventing terrorist attacks elsewhere in the world . "  In 2009 the case for our continued involvement is the same : to prevent terrorist attacks in Britain and across the world by dealing with the terrorist threat at its source -- that crucible of terror on the border and mountain areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan , " Brown told the House of Commons . "  I am confident that we are right to be in Afghanistan , that we have the strongest plan and the resources to do the job . " Brown also rejected suggestions that British troops , who are fighting alongside other coalition and Afghan forces in Helmand province , are dying unnecessarily because they do not have enough helicopters -- leaving them vunerable to ambush because they have to travel by road . See a map of Helmand province " "  It 's a sad fact that helicopters would not have saved the lives of the individuals last week , " he said , citing Lt. Col. Nick Richardson , a British military spokesman in Afghanistan . "  British armed forces are better equipped today than at any time ... in the past 40 years . In the last two years we have increased helicopter numbers by 60 percent and ... capacity by 84 percent . " But opposition leader David Cameron argued that helicopter capacity in Afghanistan has not risen as fast as troop levels . "  Is n't the real point this , that the number of troops has doubled since 2006 , so proportionally there has n't really been in increase in helicopter capacity at all ? " the leader of the Conservative Party demanded . The former chief of the defense staff , Charles Guthrie , "  has said more helicopters would save lives , " Cameron said . The United Kingdom has been shocked by the deaths of 15 troops in 10 days , including eight in a 24-hour period . Watch profiles of six British soldiers killled in Afghanistan on the same day " The eight dead are the largest number of British troops killed in a single day since the Falklands war between the UK and Argentina in 1982 . Watch a gallery of Britain mourning its fallen in Afghanistan " "  If we can not move our forces by air , they are more vulnerable on the ground , " Conservative defense spokesman Liam Fox said Monday , asking if the Labour government had made a mistake by cutting the helicopter budget in 2004 . Defense Secretary Bob Ainsworth dismissed the criticism . British forces are "  taking on the Taliban in one of their heartland areas , " he told lawmakers . "  That kind of "  hand-to-hand fighting ... can not be conducted from inside a highly armored vehicle and it can not be conducted from a helicopter . " Ainsworth said more helicopters were on the way , but that many operations "  can not be conducted from helicopters . " On Monday the Stop the War Coalition , which has campaigned against British involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq , urged Brown to withdraw all British troops from Afghanistan , calling the conflict "  an unwinnable and unjustified war . " "  We urge the British government to end now this futile war which , if continued , will only mean more wasted lives of British soldiers , countless deaths of Afghan civilians and further devastation of a country that has suffered from decades of war and occupation , " the group said in a statement .	Gordon Brown : Afghanistan campaign crucial to preventing terror attacks Brown rejects charge UK troops killed because of lack of helicopters UK shocked by deaths of 15 troops in 10 days including 8 in one day UK forces have joined with U.S. , Afghan troops in offensive in Helmand
Washington  CNN  White House officials pressured Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel to increase the pace of detainee transfers from the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay , the outgoing secretary acknowledged to CNN 's Barbara Starr in an interview Friday . Those comments come just one day after reports surfaced that a Guantanamo detainee released as part of the deal that freed American POW Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl may have sought to return to militant activity . "  Not everyone at the White House has agreed with me , " said Hagel of his methodology for deciding on detainee releases . The outgoing secretary also said the United States could find it necessary to send noncombat troops to the front lines in Iraq to help Iraqi troops in their fight against ISIS . "  We have to look at all the options , and I think it may require a forward deployment of some of our troops -- not doing the fighting , not doing the combat work that we did at one time for six years in Iraq and we did for many , many years in Afghanistan , but to help airstrike precision  locate targets  , " he told Starr . "  I would say , though , we 're not there yet . Whether we get there or not , I do n't know , " Hagel added , reiterating his position on the issue . In November , Hagel acknowledged the possibility of ground forces in Iraq but said these would not be combat troops . That same month , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey , told a congressional committee that he would not rule out asking the President to send U.S. ground troops into Iraq . Throughout the hearing , Dempsey and Hagel described a mission in Iraq and Syria that will likely be long and fraught with setbacks . Disagreements between Hagel and officials in the President 's inner circle have been widely reported during his short tenure as secretary of defense . But in his interview with CNN , Hagel spoke with uncharacteristic candor about friction related to the prisoner release . "  We 've had a lot of conversations , " Hagel said . "  With the White House ? " Starr pushed back . "  Yes , " said Hagel . "  And Congress . And the press . " But Hagel also said he is n't fazed by the pressure on the issue of detainee transfers . "  Because I have the responsibility and I play my own game here , " he emphasized . "  And that is because , by law , I am the one official in government charged with certification of release of detainees . I take that responsibility very seriously . " Debate about detainee transfers was rekindled Thursday when news emerged that one of the five former prisoners freed to Qatar in exchange for Bergdahl 's release by the Taliban may have attempted to rejoin the fight by making contact with suspected Taliban associates in Afghanistan . Detainee swapped for Bergdahl suspected of militant activities The administration insists that the released detainees are being monitored , and officials remain confident the potential risks are mitigated by the measures they have in place . In his interview with CNN , Hagel echoed that view , and said he has no regrets about making the deal . "  Absolutely it was the right decision , " he said . "  It was the right decision ... because we do n't leave our troops behind . " "  It was a prisoner of war exchange and I 'm absolutely as committed to that decision today as when the decision was made . " he added . "  It was the right decision . " And when the White House ramped up pressure , Hagel said he knew how to take the heat . Said Hagel : "  If you 're not prepared to deal with pressure , every day , in the job you 're in , coming from a lot of different directions , then you should n't be in the job . It 's just part of the process , part of any job I think . " Who were the detainees swapped for Bergdahl ? Hagel 's candor as he prepares to leave the Pentagon was evident on other issues as well . He was blunt in addressing the budget cuts the military has grappled with in recent years as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan draw to a close . "  I am concerned about the future of our force , the quality of that force , " said Hagel , adding that he hears frequently from soldiers who worry they wo n't have the same career prospects in the military they 'd have in the private sector . About half of those soldiers say they plan to leave the military as a result , he added . "  I do n't think Washington understands the depth of that issue because that 's a difficult quantifiable issue , " Hagel said . "  It 's not a budget line . " The secretary also addressed the ongoing fight against ISIS in Syria and Iraq , where the United States is leading an international coalition to take on the terror group . ISIS poses a threat to U.S. interests , Hagel said , but the problem can not be solved using military power alone . "  Big societal problems -- historic injustices , conflicts -- do n't get solved militarily , " said Hagel . "  There is a military component to it , of course . But it 's going to require -- always does and always will -- political settlements . " And that military component comes with risks , Hagel acknowledged , even when the United States does n't commit ground combat troops . "  Any time you introduce American military power anywhere in the region ... there 's always risk , " he said . "  There 's risk to our people in Iraq , to our people in Afghanistan , to our people who are conducting strikes in Syria . " It 's a risk the secretary understands well , having been a soldier during the Vietnam War . "  I think it has helped me a tremendous way to connect with second - and third-level issues of the men and women and their families who make the sacrifices , " Hagel said of his experience in the military . "  I think I understand it . " "  It does n't mean I 'm any better , " he added . "  It does n't mean I 'm any smarter . But I think I understand it maybe in ways that I might not otherwise unless I had served . " From soldier to secretary of defense -- it 's a transition even Hagel could not have imagined for himself during his time in uniform . "  Had I been told 48 years ago when I joined the Army I would end up being secretary of defense , " he said , "  I just would have laughed . "	U.S. eventually may find it necessary to deploy noncombat troops to Iraq front lines , Hagel says Hagel says "  not everyone at the White House " has agreed with him on how to release detainees But Hagel still backed the White House on the decision to swap a Gitmo prisoner for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl
CNN  -- Last year on World AIDS Day , President Barack Obama said that we can achieve an AIDS-free generation "  if we stay focused , and if we keep fighting , " and challenged the world to "  come together to set new goals " in the war against AIDS . Three decades into the epidemic , important headway has been made thanks to ambitious efforts by the U.S. government to end AIDS here and abroad . The National HIV/AIDS Strategy , released in 2010 , is the nation 's first comprehensive road map with clear and measurable targets to be achieved by 2015 : reduce new HIV infections , increase access to care and improve health outcomes for people living with HIV and reduce HIV-related disparities . Over the past four years , it has prioritized funding where it will have the most impact . This World AIDS Day on December 1 , marked today , we can point to successes in combating HIV in the United States . The overall number of Americans who know their HIV status increased to 84 % approaching the Strategy goal of 90 % by 2015 . From 2008 to 2012 , HIV diagnoses declined among blacks , Latinos and women nationally . The latest surveillance data show that new HIV infections have been declining among black women and injecting drug users . Importantly , AIDS diagnoses  or diagnosing people late in their disease progression  decreased among all racial and transmission groups during this time . The Affordable Care Act has enabled millions of uninsured Americans to have access to health care and get free HIV testing . The White House 's HIV Care Continuum Initiative has boosted federal efforts to prevent and treat HIV . Meanwhile , a series of recent breakthroughs in HIV cure research have also brought us more clarity than we have ever had on the precise steps and tools needed to finally eradicate this disease . The federal government has prioritized cure research and amfAR , The Foundation for AIDS Research , recently upped the ante on cure research as well , setting a goal to invest $ 100 million in developing the scientific basis for a cure by 2020 . Unfortunately , we still have work to do . About 50,000 Americans continue to become infected with HIV each year , with nearly 80 % of infections among men and two-thirds of new infections nationally among gay and bisexual men . We continue to see high rates of new infections in the South , especially amongst African-Americans . Astoundingly , one third of all black gay men nationally are HIV-positive -- and they remain the population with the greatest number of infections in the black community and the only population in the black community in which new infections are increasing . Though HIV diagnoses decreased among injecting drug users from 2008 to 2012 , AIDS-related deaths remain the highest in this population . And beyond our borders , we have also reached a turning point . According to the UNAIDS report that was released last week and the GAP report released in July 2014 , we have five years to break the epidemic for good or risk it rebounding out of control . We have made many gains , but there is still much more work to do . The annual number of new HIV infections has dropped by 33 % since 2001 . And more people than ever are receiving lifesaving antiretroviral treatment , leading to historic declines in AIDS-related deaths worldwide . This progress is encouraging , but we have a chance to rid the world of the epidemic now . The United States must be a leader in this effort . The United States leads the world in its commitment to combating AIDS globally . American investments through the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria  Global Fund  as well as the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  have been transformative in the global response to AIDS . PEPFAR is helping provide lifesaving HIV treatment to 6.7 million people , and has prevented countless infections among infants born to HIV-positive moters in some of the hardest hit regions . Yet challenges remain . An estimated 35 million people worldwide are living with HIV , 19 million of them do not know they are infected , and more than 2 million become infected each year . HIV medications remain out of reach for far too many globally -- more than 20 million are unable to access treatment -- and budget cuts threaten the advances that we have made and the possibility of ending the AIDS epidemic by 2030 . We have an obligation to sustain and increase our contributions to the global HIV effort , especially since the U.S. contribution to foreign aid  including HIV prevention and other efforts  is less than 1 of our total budget . Congress must do its part by providing level funding for PEPFAR and the Global Fund in fiscal year 2015 , and increasing our contribution in subsequent years . Level funding for PEPFAR alone will allow an additional 272,000 people on treatment , keep an additional 17,000 infants from being born with HIV and avert an additional 62,000 AIDS-related deaths . Although we now have the tools and the knowledge needed to end the AIDS crisis , the looming question is will we ? We believe that we can and we will . We must reject budget cuts that threaten to paralyze proven lifesaving HIV interventions . Evidence continues to show that the scale-up of treatment for people living with HIV not only saves lives , but also greatly reduces the chances of an HIV-positive person transmitting the virus to others . UNAIDS recently declared that , "  If the world does not rapidly scale-up -LSB- treatment -RSB- in the next five years , the epidemic will spring back with a higher rate of new HIV infections than today . " Momentum is on our side . Now is not the time to slow down our efforts , or be complacent in our attitudes toward a disease that has already claimed 40 million lives and continues to ravage families and economies around the globe . Our country has led on this issue domestically and globally . We must overcome our differences , combine our strengths and our resources and unite in our quest to finally end AIDS and ensure the health and prosperity of future generations .	Barbara Lee and Kenneth Cole : Big strides made in HIV/AIDS fight HIV diagnoses have declined among blacks , Latinos and women , they say An estimated 35 million people worldwide are living with HIV , authors argue
CNN  -- Prosecutors in Clark County , Nevada , filed a felony charge against Paris Hilton on Monday stemming from her arrest over the weekend on suspicion of cocaine possession . Hilton was charged with possession of a controlled substance . She is set to be arraigned October 27 in Clark County District Court , according to courthouse spokeswoman Jillian Prieto . The hotel heiress , 29 , was arrested late Friday . Police pulled alongside a Cadillac Escalade in which Hilton was a passenger about 11:30 p.m. and smelled "  a strong odor of marijuana coming from the vehicle , " according to the arrest report . When the officer looked over , "  the female passenger started to put the window of the vehicle up , " the report said . Police told the driver of the Cadillac to pull over , which he did , in front of the Wynn Hotel . The driver , whom police identified as Cy Waits , 34 , was arrested for driving under the influence after he failed field sobriety tests , the report said . Waits is a Las Vegas nightclub mogul and Hilton 's rumored boyfriend . Authorities immediately recognized Hilton as the passenger , the arrest report said , but police did not want to release the vehicle to her following Waits ' arrest because of the continuing investigation and also because of the strong odor of marijuana emanating from the SUV . A large crowd began to gather at the side of the vehicle as people realized Hilton was inside , the report said . The police lieutenant who wrote the report , identified as D. Flynn , said he approached the vehicle and told Hilton she needed to get out , as police were going to search it for drugs . "  Hilton told me that she was extremely embarrassed , due to all the people taking pictures of her , and she did not want to be seen by them , " the report said . She said she wanted to stay and see what was going to happen to Waits , but also needed to use the bathroom . She asked Flynn if he would escort her inside the Wynn Hotel to protect her from the crowd "  and also asked to go somewhere private and out of the public 's eye until the investigation was over . " Flynn wrote that he took Hilton inside , and hotel staffers directed them to the security holding room , which was private and had a nearby restroom . The officer had Hilton place her purse on the table while the two awaited a female officer to accompany her to the restroom . "  While we were waiting for the female officer to arrive , Hilton said she needed to put some lip balm on , and I handed her the purse from the table , " the report said . As she opened it , a bundle of what looked like cocaine in a plastic bag fell from the purse , and the lieutenant caught it . The officer put the bundle back insde the purse , waiting for other officers to witness it , he wrote . When other officers arrived , Flynn wrote that he opened the purse , removed the suspected bundle and read Hilton her Miranda rights . "  She told me the purse was not hers , and that she had borrowed it from a friend , " the report said . However , Hilton did admit that a broken tablet of Albuterol , also found inside the purse , was hers and was prescribed to her , according to the report . Albuterol is commonly prescribed for diseases such as asthma . Hilton said several cosmetics inside the purse were not hers , but that $ 1,300 cash and credit cards in the purse were hers , the report said . She also said a package of Zig Zag papers , "  which are commonly used to roll and smoke marijuana , " according to the report , were hers . "  I asked Hilton whose cocaine it was , and she said she had not seen it but now thought it was gum , " according to the arrest report . Authorities placed her under arrest and transported her to the Clark County Detention Center , the report said . The substance was tested and confirmed to be 0.8 grams of cocaine . Hilton was released from jail Saturday morning after authorities determined she was not a flight risk , Lt. Wayne Holman told CNN . "  This matter will be dealt with in the courts , not in the media , and I encourage people not to rush to judgment until all of the facts have been dealt with in a court of law , " Hilton 's attorney , David Chesnoff , said in a statement Saturday . Last month , Hilton was briefly detained in South Africa for allegedly smoking marijuana at the World Cup . Her publicist called the July 2 incident "  a complete misunderstanding , " and the case was dropped . In Session 's Carol Gantt contributed to this report .	Cocaine fell out of Hilton 's purse as she was looking for lip balm , police say She said the purse was n't hers , but some items in it were Hilton is set to appear in court October 27
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro called Friday on the United States to exchange ambassadors just days after expelling three American diplomats from the country . The request came during an hours-long news conference aired on state-run TV , where Maduro called on President Barack Obama to begin talks , even as he repeatedly accused the United States of interfering in Venezuelan internal affairs and stoking sometimes violent anti-government protests in recent days . "  I call for a dialogue with you , Obama , " Maduro said . "  You can designate  U.S. Secretary of State John  Kerry or whoever you want to come to this dialogue and I will send my foreign minister ... for this high-level meeting . " At the same time , Maduro accused Obama of failing to live up to a commitment not to "  interfere with Venezuelan affairs . " "  What you have said has not been carried out , " he said . The United States and Venezuela have not had resident ambassadors since 2010 , although they have maintained diplomatic missions and active embassies . Maduro 's call to exchange ambassadors comes after his government accused American diplomats of using a visa program as cover to meet with with youth organizers at private universities "  for training , financing and creating youth organizations through which violence is promoted in Venezuela . " The expulsion , which President Nicolas Maduro first announced Sunday , comes after the State Department expressed concerns about rising tensions in Venezuela . Maduro 's news conference comes amid questions of whether he can hold onto control of the country amid rising demonstrations . Venezuela 's western state of Tachira became a flashpoint Friday between anti-government protesters and security forces . Protesters blocked off some of the main roads in the capital , San Cristobal , public transportation was paralyzed , and few businesses were open . Maduro 's government has responded strongly to protests in Tachira as he faces the largest demonstrations since coming to power almost a year ago . The country 's interior minister , Miguel Rodriguez Torres , has announced a new plan to restore order in Tachira , which , he said , may include sending a battalion of paratroopers there . "  This battalion will reinforce the units that find themselves on the major roadways that converge in this city , " Rodriguez said Thursday . The military is necessary because the government believes that people from across the border in Colombia are crossing into Tachira to make trouble , Rodriguez said . Meanwhile , the government on Friday said that eight people have died in the violence related to the protests and clashes . Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz said another 137 have been injured . Four people were killed in Caracas , two in Carabobo state , one in Sucre state and one in Lara state , he said . The government and the opposition blame each other for the deaths . Maduro singled out one opposition leader , Leopoldo Lopez , as responsible for calling for the protests . Lopez turned himself in to authorities this week , and he was charged Thursday with arson and conspiracy . More serious charges of murder and terrorism were dropped . If convicted , Lopez could face up to 10 years in prison . The unrest During the demonstrations , supporters of the country 's socialist government and anti-government protesters have flooded social media with reports of violence , making drastically different claims about who 's behind it . Since February 13 , more than 2,000 stories from Venezuela have been uploaded to iReport , CNN 's user-generated platform . Many of the videos and photos depict violent scenes between demonstrators and government forces . He also called out called out CNN , Fox and other U.S.-based media , claiming that they are encouraging opposition forces against the government Alejandro Camacho Beomont told iReport that students Wednesday blocked streets and burned debris in San Cristobal , from where he sent photos -- and he said he did n't blame them . "  Even though I am always looking for peace to make a better place to live , I think people have the right to express themselves in the ways they can , and it is not easy to express yourself in this country now , " he said . "  I support the protesters . There have been more than 15 years that the majority of the Venezuelan citizens are going through tough times . There are so many problems we have to face every day , and there seems to be not a sincere attitude from the high government officials to rectify  them  . " In a nationally televised broadcast Wednesday night , Maduro described bullet wounds sustained by government forces during protests and showed videos that he said depicted opposition protesters throwing stones and setting buses ablaze . "  You think this is a novel ? This is the reality that you with your hatred have created , " he said . "  If you do n't like Venezuela , leave . "	Nicolas Maduro calls for talks with the United States Venezuela 's government says eight people have been killed in the violence The western state of Tachira is a flashpoint of the tension The government is considering sending more troops to Tachira
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In a new TV ad airing in Iowa , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney stepped up his attacks on rival Mike Huckabee , this time accusing the former Arkansas governor of being soft on crime . But some of the claims Romney makes in the ad about his own crime-fighting record have raised questions . With the crucial Iowa caucuses a little more than two weeks away , the Romney ad , titled "  Choice : Judgment , " attempts to contrast his record as Massachusetts governor with Huckabee 's in Arkansas . With pictures of the two candidates on the screen , the ad 's announcer says that "  Romney got tough on drugs like meth " and that "  he never pardoned a single criminal . " Watch Romney 's ad attacking Huckabee " The announcer goes on to say Huckabee "  granted 1,033 pardons and commutations , including 12 convicted murderers . Huckabee granted more clemencies than the previous three governors combined . Even reduced penalties for manufacturing methamphetamine . " The announcer closes with "  on crime the difference is judgment . " Speaking to reporters Monday in Los Angeles , California , Huckabee disputed the ad , pointing to his record of carrying out the death penalty while governor as evidence that he was tough on crime . Massachusetts does n't have the death penalty . "  The difference between us is that I did something he never had to do . I carried out the death penalty 16 times , more than any other governor in my state 's history , " Huckabee said . The statistics cited in Romney 's ad come from a recent Associated Press examination of Huckabee 's record of commutations and pardons . Huckabee received more commutation and pardon requests than Romney did and rejected 78 percent of them , according to The Washington Post . One commutation request Huckabee rejected as governor was that of convicted rapist Wayne DuMond . But Huckabee supported DuMond 's early release , and the convict raped and murdered a woman in Missouri after his 1999 parole . The mother of DuMond 's victim has vowed to campaign against Huckabee 's candidacy . Romney 's claim he "  got tough " on methamphetamine dealers is questionable since a proposal to stiffen sentences never passed the Massachusetts Legislature . The former Arkansas governor also challenged Romney 's assertion that Huckabee had "  reduced " the punishment for manufacturing meth . "  With Huckabee way ahead among evangelical voters , Romney is doing his best to change the subject to crime and , in an earlier ad , illegal immigration , " said Howard Kurtz , The Washington Post 's media critic and host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " "  Huckabee may have a hard time fighting back . He 's got little money for TV , while Romney is spending millions . " The two candidates have been engaged in almost daily skirmishes over their records since Huckabee emerged as the front-runner in Iowa a few weeks ago , a position Romney had held . The Iowa caucuses will be held January 3 . Before the disagreement over crime , the two exchanged barbs over foreign policy . In the current issue of Foreign Affairs magazine , Huckabee says , "  American foreign policy needs to change its tone and attitude , open up , and reach out . The Bush administration 's arrogant bunker mentality has been counterproductive at home and abroad . " That stance prompted Romney , on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday , to call on Huckabee to apologize to President Bush for his remarks . "  I said , ` Well , did this come from Barack Obama or from Hillary Clinton ? Did it come from John Edwards ? ' No , it was Gov. Huckabee , " Romney told host Tim Russert . "  The truth of the matter is this president has kept us safe these last six years and that has not been easy to do . " Huckabee said he did n't have anything for which to apologize . "  I did n't say the president was arrogant , " Huckabee told CNN on Sunday . "  One of my opponents has mistakenly , maybe purposefully , misstated my position on that . I 've said the policies have been arrogant . " E-mail to a friend	Mitt Romney ad says Mike Huckabee was soft on crime as Arkansas governor Huckabee says his willingness to carry out executions shows he 's tough on crime Romney 's assertion he "  got tough " on Massachusetts meth dealers questioned
CNN Student News  -- March 30 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What is your response to hearing famous people quoted in the media ? Do you find such quotes inspiring ? Explain . * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Who said , "  Every great dream begins with a dreamer " ? * * 2 . What former U.N. secretary-general presented a plan to stop violence in Syria ? * * 3 . What U.S. legal body heard arguments regarding the 2010 health care reform law that was introduced by President Obama ? * * 4 . What two Latin American countries did Pope Benedict XVI visit this week ? * * 5 . Who is the U.S. transportation secretary ? * * 6 . What is the name of the area that divides North and South Korea ? * * 7 . What was the site of the worst nuclear accident in U.S. history ? * * 8 . What is a perfect score on the SAT ? * * 9 . In what U.S. state did a controlled burn get out of hand , scorching more than 4,000 acres ? * * 10 . In what body of water , located near Europe , did a gas leak force the evacuation of oil rig workers ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- A timid judge is a lawless judge . U.S. District Court Judge Martin Feldman , it would seem , is not a timid judge . In deciding to lift the Department of the Interior 's six-month moratorium on deep water drilling in the Gulf of Mexico , Feldman certainly looks like a decisive jurist . His criticisms of the department 's ban were forceful . But Feldman was remarkably selective in his criticism . He was willing to scrutinize the government harshly , but not the oil industry . His opinion made important points about the department 's mistakes . He noted that the moratorium affects drilling in water deeper than 500 feet , even though a scientific panel that the department commissioned expressed concern with wells in water deeper than 1,000 feet . He worried that the department had no framework for lifting the moratorium . And he is not wrong to suggest that the moratorium might reflect political rather than scientific judgment . Feldman 's opinion also properly expressed concern that the livelihoods of many Gulf residents depend on continued oil production . Feldman , however , did not similarly train his critical eye toward the oil industry . He stated that we can not conclude that "  because one rig failed ... all companies and rigs drilling new wells at over 500 feet also universally present an imminent danger . " That is simply false . The accident reveals exactly what the contingency plan is when equipment fails in a deep water rig ; the plan is not to have the equipment fail . This is much akin to the Titanic 's contingency plan for hitting an iceberg ; the plan was not to hit an iceberg . To be sure , the oil companies had complied with regulatory requirements that they file contingency plans . Plans exist on paper , but they are completely worthless . Some of these plans literately call for the hiring of an expert , who is now deceased , in an effort to protect walruses , which do not live in the Gulf . Consequently , we have witnessed two months of BP foundering from one ad hoc scheme to another while millions of gallons of oil pour into the Gulf . By filing a lawsuit against the department 's moratorium , oil companies have shown that they do not intend to use this disaster as an opportunity to craft a meaningful response plan based on sound engineering principles . The suit itself shows remarkable hubris in which the oil companies demand the right to continue drilling on federal land , as if nothing had happened . Feldman 's decision , unfortunately , might allow them to do just that . Opinion : The case against the moratorium Feldman had all the facts he needed to judge both the department and the oil companies to be sloppy . He critiqued the department thoroughly . But as to the oil industry , he concluded that "  no one yet knows why " the Deepwater Horizon rig failed . That is true enough , but we certainly know that no oil company has a sensible means of responding to a deep water blow out . The reality is that drilling for oil in the Gulf is more dangerous than we thought , and more precautions are in order before proceeding . Feldman 's sensitivity to employees on the drilling rigs is appropriate , but myopic . A moratorium can force the oil companies operating in the Gulf to craft a realistic plan for addressing a deep water blowout . With a moratorium in place , oil companies have enormous incentives to identify a sound set of contingencies for the kind of accident we have seen that would reduce the flow of oil long before a relief well can be dug . Feldman 's lifting of the moratorium is akin to allowing the passenger ships to cross the Atlantic without an adequate supply of lifeboats right after the Titanic sank . Fortunately , the department will likely appeal the ruling , or re-issue it with further justification . Deepwater drilling is and will remain a valuable part of America 's energy supply . One-third of domestic oil production comes from the Gulf , and comes from increasingly deep waters . The fact that engineers can devise ways to send a pipe through 2 miles of rock under a mile of water is itself amazing . But such drilling has inherent risks , and oil companies need to use these engineering techniques to develop a coherent plan B before they proceed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Rachlinski .	Jeffrey Rachlinski says judge is willing to scrutinize terms of ban , but not oil industry so much Judge says BP spill does n't presage others ; but companies still lack sound disaster plans Oil companies ' suit shows they 'd like to keep drilling as though nothing has happened , he says Rachlinski : Ban would force oil companies to come up with plan to prevent future disasters
CNN  -- English club Chelsea have complained to the Malaysian Football Association about alleged racist abuse of Israel captain Yossi Benayoun last week . The Premier League side said constant jeers directed at the 31-year-old midfielder during a pre-season match against a Malaysian XI were anti-Semitic . Malaysia , a mainly Muslim country , does not recognize the state of Israel . The Malaysian FA has yet to respond to the allegations . "  Such behavior is offensive , totally unacceptable and has no place in football , " said a statement on Chelsea 's website . Blog : Team spirit makes Uruguay a World Cup contender "  The club did not make representations at the time as it was initially unclear as to the nature of the abuse Yossi received , as several players from both teams experienced similar treatment , sometimes louder and longer . "  However , having taken time to consider the issue fully , it has become apparent that a formal complaint was necessary . "  Our stay in Malaysia was , on the whole , a very positive experience for all the team traveling on the pre-season tour . It is a shame , therefore , that the behavior of a minority of supporters is also a memory we take away . " The match in Kuala Lumpur on July 21 was watched by almost 85,000 spectators , with Chelsea winning 1-0 thanks to a second-half own-goal from the home team . The 2010-11 Premier League runners-up will conclude the pre-season tour against English rivals Aston Villa in Hong Kong 's Asia Trophy on July 30 , before another friendly away to Scottish champions Rangers on August 6 . New manager Andre Villas-Boas will face his first competitive match in charge when the domestic campaign begins with a trip to Stoke on August 14 .	Chelsea lodge complaint with Malaysian FA over abuse aimed at Yossi Benayoun The Israeli was constantly jeered during a pre-season match in Kuala Lumpur English club took a week to take action after reviewing the July 21 incident Malaysian FA has yet to respond to the Premier League team 's allegations
Washington  CNN  -- Anita Kramer had no idea that a 72-inch water main in her Maryland neighborhood was a ticking time bomb that was about to flood her home and ruin many of her most cherished possessions . In the wake of the water main break , Kramer 's basement kitchen was a mess . Appliances were covered in dirt , as was the floor . Dark water and mold stains marked the baseboards and walls . "  It 's not the money value of what you lost , " she said about the pipe burst . "  You put your heart into doing something ... the memories you lose -- it was a hard experience . " Kramer 's disaster was just one of an average 700 water main breaks nationwide that experts say occur each day . They warn that this is the latest sign of an aging water delivery infrastructure that results in property loss , inconvenience , and threats to public health . The nation 's drinking water system is so troubled , the American Society of Civil Engineers gave it a grade of D minus , in its 2009 Report Card of America 's Infrastructure . "  Anytime you 're breaking the seal of the system that brings water into your homes and apartments , you 're risking contamination from bacteria and viruses , " said Eric Goldstein of the Natural Resources Defense Council . He blamed infrastructure for a 2008 salmonella outbreak that sickened more than 250 people in Alamosa , Colorado . "  And that 's just the tip of the iceberg , " he said . Each day , leaking pipes account for an estimated 7 billion gallons of water , according to the American Society of Civil Engineers . Much of this is blamed on age . A large part of the U.S. water delivery system dates back to the years shortly after World War II . "  Now it 's time to replace that system and we 've got to make those investments or we 'll suffer the consequences , " said Goldstein . To get an idea of how old the nation 's water pipes are , 30 % of pipes in systems that deliver water to more than 100,000 people are between 40 and 80 years old , according to the EPA . About 10 % of pipes in those systems are older . But as they say , timing is everything . The aging infrastructure threat also comes in the wake of a recession , when politicians are struggling to maintain state and federal budgets . Also , water systems must compete with needs for other underground systems , such as communications networks . When crews dig to fix broken water pipes , "  there 's now Verizon lines that did n't used to be there , cable lines , fiber lines , electrical lines , " said District of Columbia water general manager George Hawkins . "  So much has been added to the underworld , that each one of the these fixes is getting more and more complicated to get done properly . " The nation 's capital , Hawkins said , averages about one water pipe break each day . How much would it cost to fix ? Every year , according to the EPA , the estimated price tag for repairing the nation 's water infrastructure rises . The best guess at a total cost over the next 20 years has skyrocketed from about $ 198 billion in 1999 to the latest estimate -- $ 335 billion . "  We also need a national political leadership that understands the extraordinary significance and importance of this investment and why it matters to them and why it will pay us back , " said Hawkins . "  Conservative or liberal does not matter . " So how did things get so complicated ? Through the 1970s most of the cost of building sewage plants and drinking water systems was paid for by Washington , said Goldstein . Federal leaders "  understood what a national priority this is , " he said . "  You ca n't have jobs , you ca n't have businesses , you ca n't have hotels , homes , if this infrastructure is n't in place . " During the past couple of decades federal money for water systems has been cut significantly , he said . Economic stimulus legislation in 2009 was a "  drop in the bucket , " said Goldstein , who said about $ 10 billion was aimed at U.S. water infrastructure projects -- out of $ 787 billion in total stimulus . Government funding of community water systems may be partially to blame for the crumbling water infrastructure , said Randal O'Toole , senior analyst for the Cato Institute policy think tank . "  The money should come from user fees , " said O'Toole . "  All the costs of construction and maintenance might be borne by users out of annual or monthly fees . " To keep prices down , O'Toole suggested privatizing community water utilities . "  In the 19th century , almost every major American city had private water companies , " said O'Toole . "  And then we had this wave of socialization where the government took everything over and mismanaged it so the quality of tap water is lower and costs are higher . "	U.S. averages 700 water main breaks daily , say experts EPA : In biggest systems , 30 % of water pipes are 40 to 80 years old Bacteria , viruses could enter water supply through bursting water pipes , say experts Officials : Cities need money to repair , maintain U.S. water pipes infrastructure
Saying she 'd just heard her husband "  pleading for his life , " the wife of Alan Henning delivered her own plea to ISIS on Tuesday , as well as a slap at the extremist group for threatening to kill the British aid worker who 'd only gone to Syria to "  help his Muslim friends . " In a message released by the British foreign office , Barbara Henning said that she had received an audio file with her husband 's voice , but has n't been able to contact those holding him . "  Islamic State continue to ignore our pleas to open dialogue , " she said . So -- without the chance to talk to his captors confidentially -- Barbara Henning instead made made another public pitch for her husband 's life . Barbara Henning noted the widespread sentiment voiced by Muslim leaders around the world calling for Alan 's release . They include Shaykh Haitham Al Haddad , a judge on the Shariah Council in London , who has said that "  whatever your grievance with American or British foreign policy , executing this man is not the answer . " "  I have seen Muslims across the globe question Islamic State over Alan 's fate , " Barbara Henning said . "  The voices of the people have spoken out loud and clear . " How many more Western captives is ISIS holding ? Similar to what she 'd said in a message Saturday , Barbara Henning said that Alan had gone to the region -- not to join one side or the other , or to spy for a certain group -- but to do what he could to improve the lives of people in the region . A taxi driver from near Manchester , England , Alan Henning was part of a team of volunteers that traveled to Syria in December to deliver food and water to people affected by the Middle Eastern country 's devastating civil war . He was abducted the day after Christmas by masked gunmen , according to other people in the aid convoy . "  He was working with Muslims to help the most vulnerable within Syria . Nothing has changed , " Barbara Henning said . "  He went to Syria to help his Muslim friends deliver much needed aid . " Henning 's friends plead with ISIS to let him go Barbara Henning said she 'd been told that a Sharia -- or Islamic law -- court had found Alan Henning "  innocent of being a spy and declared  him  to be no threat . " Why , then , would ISIS not "  abide by the decisions of their own justice system ? " she asked . "  We are at a loss why those leading Islamic State can not open their hearts and minds to the facts surrounding Alan 's imprisonment and why they continue to threaten his life , " she said . "  Please release Alan . " Yet ISIS has n't shown any mercy yet to its captives , at least the ones it has trotted out before cameras . This summer , the group beheaded American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff -- gruesomely showing their killings in videos posted online . ISIS then claimed its first British victim , aid worker David Haines , according to video that appeared online on September 13 . Henning appeared kneeling in that last video , with an ISIS militant standing menacingly by his side . The families of Foley , Sotloff and Haines all issued public pleas for their loved ones ' lives , but to no avail . Barbara Henning on Tuesday voiced her frustration that her husband 's captors wo n't even allow her to make a case to them directly . She noted that she and her representatives have tried reaching "  out to those holding Alan , " but they have n't gotten a response . Wife of captive Alan Henning begs ISIS to let him go	Alan Henning is being held captive by ISIS militants , who have threatened his life Henning 's wife speaks out because ISIS captors wo n't engage in "  dialogue , " she says She notes Muslims have called for Henning 's release ; Sharia courts found him to be no threat "  He went to Syria to help his Muslim friends deliver much needed aid , " she said
Sen. Rand Paul is proposing legislation aimed at eliminating criminal sentencing rules that adversely impact minorities , saying that "  we need some fresh ideas to combat old and festering problems . " The Republican from Kentucky described the measure Friday in a speech to the National Urban League . It 's part of his aggressive outreach effort to African-Americans and other voting groups who do n't traditionally back Republicans . Paul is trying to expand the GOP base and lay the groundwork for a potential 2016 campaign for the White House . His address highlighted sentencing reform , expanded voting rights , and education reform . It came one day after two other possible Republican presidential hopefuls , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , also touted similar reforms . Sentencing reform is one of Paul 's signature issues . As he 's done in previous speeches , he told the audience gathered in Cincinnati that the nation 's criminal justice system is still stacked against minorities . "  Three out of four people in prison right now for non-violent crimes are black or brown . Our prisons are bursting with young men of color and our communities are full of broken families , " Paul said . Rand Paul fights for felon voting rights "  There is a cycle of poverty that often leads to drugs , to debt , and to prison . In prison , child support can accumulate into the thousands of dollars . Release from prison then finds that employers do n't want to hire a convicted felon . "  With few options of real work , the cycle begins again . I say enough 's enough . I wo n't sit idly by and watch our criminal justice system continue to consume , confine and define our young men . I say we take a stand and fight for justice now , " Paul said . He then pointed out that the current legal distinctions between crack and powder cocaine have led to longer jail terms for the possession of crack . While he said that progress has been made in reducing those distinctions , Paul added that he was introducing legislation on Friday that "  eliminates any disparity between crack and powder cocaine . " Paul also touted that he 's working with Democrats , like Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey , on a bill that would expunge records , under certain circumstances , of non-violent and youth related crimes . And , he 's rubbing shoulders with Attorney General Eric Holder on sentencing reform as well as some Republican governors . Rand Paul and his Democratic buds Paul 's other pitches Paul also used his address in front of the National Urban League convention to make another pitch for expanding the voting rights of ex-cons . "  Nationwide , five million people are prevented from voting because of their criminal record . It 's the biggest impediment to voting in our country . I want more people to vote , not less , " Paul said . He described himself as "  a Republican who wants to restore a federal role for the government in the Voting Rights Act . " Paul twice quoted from Martin Luther King Jr. in his speech to the century-old civil rights organization . And Paul again mentioned King as he continued his crusade against the federal government 's current surveillance activities . "  Dr. King 's ' I Have a Dream ' speech inspired the world but it also prompted the FBI to tap his phone illegally and spy on tens of thousands of Americans . Today , all Americans should be concerned that the government is collecting the records of Americans , " he said . "  Frankly I think what Americans do on their cell phone is none of the government 's damn business . " On education reform Paul attacked the status quo and proposed shifting the power away from government . "  Washington has no clue how to fix education . Washington does n't know if whether you 're a good teacher or a bad teacher . We should allow innovation to occur at the local level . I propose that we allow school charters , school choice , vouchers , competition . Competition breeds excellence , " Paul said . And Paul also touted a plan to increase investment and job creation by moving control of some tax monies away from Washington and into state and local hands . "  I have a 10-year plan for areas of high unemployment and poverty , to lower taxes and promote employment , " Paul said . Rand Paul : Will his star continue to rise ? Christie and Ryan also make pitches Some of Paul 's language sounds similar to what Christie is saying . Thursday night , he and the chairman of the Republican Governor 's Association once again said that there 's far too many people sitting in prisons for non-violent drug crimes and called on Republicans to focus on people not just before they 're born but after as well . "  I 'm pro-life and if you 're pro-life , you have to be pro-life when they get out of the womb also , " Christie said in an appearance at the Aspen Institute in Colorado , repeating comments he made last month at a major social conservative gathering . Gov. Christie : ` You have to be pro-life when they get out of the womb ' Christie said the justice system must stop stigmatizing the disease of drug addiction and focus more on rehabilitation . "  We do n't give them any kind of significant treatment , long-range treatment , and then we release them . And then we wonder why they go back and commit more crimes to support their habit , " Christie said . The potential 2016 presidential candidate also said giving drug addicts treatment instead of prison time would help the economy too . Earlier Thursday , Ryan , spelled out his plan to fight poverty , a pilot program that would combine 11 federal programs into one pool of money for participating states . Paul Ryan lays out new poverty plan According to the plan , which the Wisconsin Republican detailed in a speech to the American Enterprise Institute , states would voluntarily submit their own anti-poverty proposals in order to get money . "  If everything passed muster , the federal government would give the green light , " the House Budget Committee chairman said in a speech to the Washington-based think tank . "  And the state would get more flexibility . It would get to combine into one funding stream 11 different programs , things like food stamps , housing assistance , child care , and cash welfare . " The GOP , under the direction of Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , last year released a report that acknowledged the party 's problem in reaching out to younger and minority voters , who overwhelming went for President Barack Obama and the Democrats in the 2012 election . The report included hundreds of recommendations for the party .	Rand Paul wants to alter criminal sentencing rules that adversely affect minorities His National Urban League speech is part of his stepped-up outreach effort New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has sounded similar themes
New Delhi  CNN  -- A group of locals looked on warily as we filmed our piece inside a congested , riverside Delhi neighborhood . And they 've every reason to feel nervous . A number of deadly collapses in recent months have thrust the issue of illegally constructed and unsafe housing into the spotlight . On June 28 , a four-story building in the city suddenly toppled over killing 10 people , including five children . That same day , an eleven-floor building under construction came crashing down in the southern Indian city of Chennai , killing 61 workers . Both incidents made headlines outside India -- and rightly so . But for many of the people living in these neighborhoods , the publicity is not necessarily welcome . That 's because they 're among the poorest and most vulnerable -- on one hand they fear for the safety of their homes , and on the other they fear being forcibly evicted and their homes destroyed . They have nowhere else to go . So when TV crews arrive , many are understandably defensive . As we filmed in Laxmi Nagar , a neighborhood of eastern Delhi located along the Yamuna River , pockmarked with ramshackle residential blocks , a man approached us and questioned whether we had the right to film . "  You know , everyone gets worried when they see cameras pointing at their buildings , " he explained . "  As the leader of this market association , we have to inquire about the purpose of your shoot . " Safety codes ignored This part of the city is no stranger to disaster . In 2010 , at least 65 people were killed when a building came down after its foundations had been weakened by rainwater . It 's not just Delhi ; decrepit constructions that do n't conform to safety codes are a big problem in cities and towns across India , says Chandan Ghosh , from the Indian home ministry 's National Institute of Disaster Management . He has surveyed Delhi 's structures for decades , and says most break basic building regulations . He says the problem is so pervasive that enforcement has become impossible . "  Our systems are not equipped to enforce engineering standards required to build safe houses . There 's a gross shortage of manpower , expertise -- and maybe will . " The Delhi residential block that caved in on June 28 was built on a plot barely 19 square yards . With no pillars or beams to support its floors , it collapsed after neighbors starting removing earth to re-build their own house . Safety codes prescribe at least 150 square yards of land is required to construct a standard apartment , explains Ghosh . Buildings in Indian cities are often unplanned and strung together in cramped rows , without space between them . Experts say this can be disastrous if one is more structurally vulnerable than the others . Owners of buildings often sell off parts of these buildings to individuals , who then construct extensions . "  This type of housing is not unauthorized but remains extremely dangerous , " says Ghosh . "  Unfortunately , it 's mushrooming all over without checks and balances . " ` Disaster waiting to happen ' With rapid urbanization occurring since India liberalized its economy in the 1990s , New Delhi 's population has grown exponentially to almost 17 million -- more than 21 % in the past decade , census figures show . To make matters worse , Indian authorities believe the Indian capital is vulnerable to seismic activity . In 1999 , an 6.5 magnitude earthquake some 173 miles  280 kilometers  from Delhi caused some damage to buildings in the city , but raised fears about the potential harm from another temblor of similar intensity happening nearer . It 's a "  disaster waiting to happen , " according to Ghosh . According to Delhi 's disaster-management department website , "  Pockets with high-rise buildings or ill-designed high-risk areas exist without specific consideration of earthquake resistance . Similarly , unplanned settlements with sub-standard structures are also prone to heavy damage even in moderate shaking . " Yet people have to continue to put themselves at risk because they 've nowhere else to go . "  A lethal cocktail of unethical constructions , substandard material  and  a lack of enforcement ... are endangering countless lives , " says Ghosh . "  These fatal incidents happening every now and then are a warning . It 's time all stakeholders , including citizens , took it seriously . " Meantime , two injured survivors mourn their loved ones at the site of last month 's Delhi collapse . His head bandaged , Naeem recalled how he literally rode the wave of debris when he tumbled four floors down . Underneath the rubble were his wife and three children , who all died . "  I had just freshened myself up on the terrace . My wife and children were on lower floors . Suddenly , there was this boom . The building was down , " he recalls . Abdul Rashid was also pulled out alive , suffering only bruising . But tragically , he too lost his wife and children . Both men blame the neighbors for digging on ground their houses stood on . "  There 's no strong action against them . We will stage a protest to demand that , " Rashid warns . Their neighbor , an unnamed man , has been charged with negligence , and faces a two-year jail term or fine upon conviction , police say .	India has seen a number of deadly building collapses in recent months On June 28 , building collapses in Delhi and Chennai claimed more than 70 lives Critics point to a lack of safety enforcement and the use of substandard materials
CNN  -- A 6-year-old boy was recovering in hospital in China 's Shanxi province on Wednesday after his eyes were gouged out in an attack that has left him permanently blind , according to state media reports . Local police said a female suspect had gouged out the boy 's eyes on Saturday evening , but ruled out the possibility that organ traffickers had carried out the attack . Earlier state media reports said the boy , named as Xiao Binbin from Fenxi County in Shanxi Province , was found four hours after he went missing in a drugged state and missing his eyeballs , China Central Television said on its Sina Weibo account . The reports claimed the boy 's eyes were found nearby with the corneas missing , which local police have since denied , according to state media . State media pictures on CCTV news Weibo showed pictures of a boy with bandages over his eyes recovering in hospital while his stricken relatives cried at his bedside . China has traditionally relied on executed criminals to harvest transplant organs in a country where few people donate organs . In 2008 , just 36 people donated organs out of a population of 1.3 billion people . A government donation program run by the Red Cross Society has had just under 3,000 donations the past three years , according to Xinhua . In 2007 , China introduced new regulations that banned organ trading and trafficking , and cracked down on "  transplant tourism " by non-Chinese nationals . China 's Supreme Court also introduced new rules the same year to reduce the number of executions , making the present transplant system unsustainable . China plans to phase out involuntary organ donations of executed prisoner by 2014 , state media reported . About 300,000 patients have organ failure each year , but only about 10,000 transplants are done each year due to donor shortages , Xinhua reported . On September 1 , national health officials will launch a computerized system to match organs to patients among the 165 hospitals permitted to carry out transplants .	Six-year-old boy blinded after eye-gouging attack Police say they are holding a female suspect in the attack Police deny earlier reports the boy had fallen victim to organ traffickers China traditionally has relie on executed prisoners to harvest transplant organs
CNN  -- Paul the octopus -- who correctly predicted the outcome of eight World Cup matches in a row -- is officially retiring from the prediction business , said the aquarium in Germany where he lives . "  A host of offers from around the globe will be carefully vetted in the coming days to see if there are opportunities to spread Paul 's fame even further , without involving the canny cephalod directly , " Sea Life aquariums said in a statement . Oberhausen Sea Life Center in Germany , where Paul resides , is also considering establishing a school for octopods "  so that Paul has the opportunity to pass on some of his skills to younger cousins before his short but memorable life reaches its natural conclusion . " Said spokesman Mark Oakley , "  He has been a superstar and deserves a quiet retirement . Paul the octopus is arguably the most famous sea creature there has ever been . " Paul : The first millionaire octopus ? Paul had a correct prediction for each of his eight tentacles , ultimately foreseeing that Spain would win Sunday 's final against the Netherlands and that Germany would beat Uruguay in the playoffs . Before that , he correctly predicted the winners in all six of the German national team 's matches . The two-year-old octopus , who was born in England , became a global celebrity during the soccer tournament . During each prediction , two mussel-filled acrylic boxes labeled with a team 's flag were lowered into his tank . Whichever box he chose conveyed the winning team . He drew cries of despair from assembled watchers before the semifinal round , when he lingered over the box for the German flag before opting for the Spanish flag instead . Spain won the match 1-0 . Bitter German fans later threatened to turn him into sushi and Sea Life in Oberhausen received death-threat emails saying "  we want Paul for the pan , " said entertainment supervisor Daniel Fey . But after Spain 's triumph in Sunday 's final , the country 's Prime Minister Jose Luiz Rodriguez Zapatero called for octopus bodyguards .	Paul the octopus will retire , the aquarium says The 2-year-old correctly predicted the result of eight World Cup matches The aquarium is now considering work offers for Paul
CNN  Beyonce , Taylor Swift , Sam Smith and U2 are among the most-nominated artists for the 57th annual Grammy Awards . The Grammy Awards show will air February 8 on CBS . Beyonce led all nominees with six Grammy nods , giving her a total of 53 for her career . That cements her place as the most-nominated female artist in history , the Recording Academy -- which presents the Grammys -- observed in a news release . The last one came with album of the year . Beyonce 's self-titled release of late 2013 made the list , along with Beck 's "  Morning Phase , " Sam Smith 's "  In the Lonely Hour , " Pharrell 's "  Girl " and Ed Sheeran 's "  X. " Beyonce 's other nominations are for best R&B performance , best R&B song , best urban contemporary album , best surround-sound album and best music film . Newcomer Smith equaled Beyonce with six nominations . His nominations were in the big three -- album , record and song of the year -- as well as best new artist , best pop solo performance and best pop vocal album . "  Stay with Me " was picked for both record and song of the year . Photos : Beyonce through the years Photos : Beyonce through the years And Swift ? Though her album "  1989 " came out too late to qualify for the Grammys , her single "  Shake It Off " did well . It was nominated for song and record of the year . Swift also received a third nomination , for pop solo performance . The star-making power of Taylor Swift The other record of the year nominees are "  Fancy " by Iggy Azalea featuring Charli XCX , "  Chandelier " by Sia and "  All About That Bass " by Meagan Trainor . Song of the year nominations -- a songwriter 's honor -- went to "  All About That Bass , " "  Chandelier , " "  Shake It Off , " "  Stay with Me " and Hozier 's "  Take Me to Church . " Smith 's competition in the new artist category includes Azalea , Haim , Bastille and Brandy Clark . The old guard , U2 , was n't to be denied . Its album "  Songs of Innocence " received a nod for best rock album , giving the band 46 nominations -- a record for a group . Even Miley Cyrus got into the act . She received her first Grammy nomination ever for her album "  Bangerz , " which was nominated for best pop vocal album . What to watch for at the Grammys	Beyonce , nominated for six Grammys , is most-nominated female artist ever Sam Smith also has six nominations Taylor Swift is up for song and record of the year
More than 1,200 people have died as the deadliest ever outbreak of Ebola takes hold in West Africa , but despite information campaigns , fear is spreading even more quickly than the virus itself . This week some Ebola patients in Liberia ran away when the healthcare facility they were being treated at was attacked by rioters frightened of the disease . As medical staff and authorities battle to contain Ebola , are rumors and superstition making the situation more difficult ? Are myths making the Ebola outbreak worse ? "  Absolutely , " says CNN 's Nima Elbagir , adding that the Liberia clinic attack is just one sign of spiraling fear about the disease , which means that those who become sick are terrified of seeking help . The World Health Organization says the "  scale , duration , and lethality of the Ebola outbreak have generated a high level of public anxiety " over the virus . "  People worry that they will be ostracized by their community if they admit that they are ill or that their loved ones appear to have died of Ebola , so they delay reporting the symptoms , and we 've heard anecdotes about secret burials , " Elbagir explains . A lack of understanding about what causes Ebola and how it is passed on means the region is fertile ground for speculation and mistaken beliefs . And according to the WHO , the already difficult conditions are also being made tougher by public misunderstanding caused by "  rumors on social media claiming that certain products or practices can prevent or cure Ebola virus disease . " What sort of myths and rumors are involved ? The WHO reports that at least two people died in Nigeria as a result of drinking salt water , after stories circulated that doing so would protect against Ebola . Other supposed "  cures " for the disease include raw onions , coffee , condensed milk and holy water . While there are high hopes for experimental medicines and vaccines , the WHO points out there is , as yet , no known cure . "  Decades of scientific research have failed to find a curative or preventive agent of proven safety and effectiveness in humans , " it says . The organization has warned against paying heed to any old wives ' tales about potential treatments : "  A lot of rumours on social media claiming certain products , practices can prevent or cure #Ebola . They are false , their use can be dangerous , " it tweeted Tuesday . Earlier this year , at the start of the outbreak , a team from Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  , also known as Doctors Without Borders , had to stop working in one isolation ward in Guinea because local residents mistakenly believed they had brought the virus with them . It 's a common misconception which makes the work of medical staff harder than it already is , MSF 's Dr. Marc Forget told CNN : " -LSB- When we decontaminate houses -RSB- they think we are spreading the disease , so some villages just shut down their access , they put trees on the roads . " He says groups from MSF , the Red Cross and the Ministry of Health have also been pelted with rocks as they try to reach Ebola-hit areas . Elbagir says the region 's recent history of bloody civil war also feeds the rumor-mill , with some claiming that the fact the army has been deployed to stop people dumping bodies in the streets is a sign the government is deliberately infecting people in order to have an excuse to enforce martial law . Why are they proving so hard to dispel ? According to Nima Elbagir widespread suspicion of authority , coupled with a lack of basic infrastructure mean that educating people about how to avoid infection is extremely difficult . "  These are very remote places in countries still bearing the scars of war -LSB- in Liberia and Sierra Leone -RSB- - people are already traumatized and there is a lot of distrust to be overcome : when the government says something , people do n't necessarily believe it , " she says . "  There are n't enough doctors and healthcare workers - people just are n't used to seeing them in their communities , and so they are n't the figures of authority that they are elsewhere . " Elbagir said the practise of quarantining whole areas "  almost like the plague villages of the Middle Ages , " had also led to anger and mistrust as entire communities were cut off from vital supplies . "  People say ` We 're going to die of hunger before we die of Ebola ! ' " she said . The World Food Programme says it is working to "  provide food assistance to around one million people living in restricted access areas in the three affected countries " in an attempt to "  stabilize affected communities by limiting unnecessary movement and enabling them to cope with lost livelihoods . " "  Emergency food aid is essential to enable people to follow strict quarantine rules , and to help people affected by the shock to recover socially and economically , " Elisabeth Faure , WFP Guinea 's country director said in a statement on the WFP 's website . "  We are doing everything we can to continue delivering food to people in need in time . " What can be done to counter the problem ? Those working to counteract the spread of Ebola say better health education is needed , to raise awareness of the virus , explain how it is spread and what can be done about it . To do that , they desperately need more people on the ground in the remote regions of West Africa which have been hardest hit by the disease . Forget says the only way to be sure the information is getting through is to pass it on personally . "  We need to go to the thousands of small villages and repeat the message on and on , because there are no radios , no TV there , " he explains . "  It has to be one by one contact that needs to be done through the chiefs , the local authorities , the youth . It is time-consuming and very difficult . " "  We have about 250 community health workers going village by village to give the right message to the population , " says Anja Wolz , MSF 's emergency coordinator in Kailakun , Sierra Leone . "  Because still we have unsafe burials , done without disinfection , still we have patients who are hiding themselves , still we have patients , or contacts of patients who are running away because they are afraid . " How do people react to Ebola survivors ? Elbagir says those "  lucky " enough to survive the disease frequently find that the stigma attached to Ebola means they are ostracized once they recover . "  They find it very difficult to come back to their communities and be accepted , because people just do n't believe that they have been cured , " she explains . "  There 's a lot of superstition , a belief that Ebola is almost a ` curse ' and that makes it much more difficult to deal with . " READ MORE : Get the facts on experimental Ebola drugsREAD MORE : Inside the Ebola outbreak with the CDCREAD MORE : Nine things to know about the Ebola virus	Despite information campaigns , fear is spreading even more quickly than the Ebola virus itself People worry that they will be ostracized if they admit they are ill , says CNN 's Nima Elbagir Those working to counteract the spread of Ebola say better health education is needed The World Food Programme says it is working to provide food to one million people
CNN  -- Golf 's original bad boy John Daly has welcomed Tiger Woods back to the fray for this week 's Masters tournament , insisting that the troubled world No. 1 "  did n't kill anybody . " On Monday , Woods gave his first open news conference since the scandal about his marital infidelities broke at the end of last November , fielding questions from the media for 40 minutes . The 43-year-old Daly , who has been married four times and has admitted his own problems with alcohol , gambling and his weight , said he was happy to see his fellow American ready to return to golf . "  He handled it very professionally . I just wish he 'd handled it a lot earlier then he would n't have had to put up with all the crap he 's had to put up with , " Daly told CNN . "  I wish him all the best . I 've always said the toughest major he 's got is keeping his family together , but it looks like they 're doing it . " Woods confirmed on Monday that his wife Elin would not be attending the tournament , which is the first of the season 's four major events . Two-time major winner Daly will not be playing at Augusta after losing his PGA Tour card and slipping down to 641st in the world rankings , but was selling merchandise and signing autographs outside the front gates of Augusta while Woods was holding court inside . "  I was in the 12 Steps -LSB- for recovery from addiction -RSB- , the eighth one is making amends to everyone you 've hurt , " Daly said . "  He did n't have to do it with the media , but God bless him . It 's tough what he 's done , but the ones he needs to apologize to are the ones he has -- but he did n't have to do it to the media . "  Everyone makes mistakes , I 've made them , we 're not the only ones who 've made them . The true fans are going to come out and watch Tiger , they 're used to seeing him win . That 's what he 's known for , is winning at golf , it 's really none of our business what he does off the course . "  The thing is , he did n't kill anybody , he did n't kill himself , there were no arrests or anything . Yeah he did some bad stuff , but that 's between him and Elin , so I just wish him the best . We 're just happy he 's back . "	John Daly welcomes troubled No. 1 Tiger Woods back to the fray for this week 's Masters Woods held his first post-scandal open news conference at Augusta on Monday Daly , who has had his own marital problems , said Woods did not need to apologize to media He said Woods ' toughest task would be off the course , keeping his family together
CNN  -- The new year emerges from the depths of winter . In many countries bells ring out at midnight on New Year 's Eve -- a sound that the writer Charles Lamb described nearly 200 years ago as the most regretful sound he ever heard , reminding him of everything he had suffered or neglected in the past 12 months . More recently , though , fireworks have usually taken over this role in providing a fanfare for the coming year all over the world , from Times Square to the beaches of Rio , to hamlets deep in the English countryside . This shift from peals of bells to spectacular explosions is suggestive . We live now in a world that is turning its back on the old traditions and the old skills and replacing them with something far bigger and much louder , far more brash and much more expensive ; a reminder too of technology and military might . My new book , "  The Seasons , " investigates how we are becoming cut off from the rhythm of the natural world and the ways in which the annual cycle has been celebrated for centuries . In the past , the customs and rituals that marked the passing of the year linked society and culture to the environment , and in doing so reflected their values of community and ecology . Today , however , we are witnessing the eradication of the seasons with all-year produce and the replacement of local festivities with mass celebrations of a tiny handful of uniform events , turning contemporary society into an identikit culture with a standardized marketplace . My answer is not only that we should revive forgotten customs , but that we can also establish new traditions that properly reflect today 's values and ambitions . In fact , the celebration of the new year is an excellent example of how quickly major festivals can be established . Just as many old English festivals have their roots in the classical Mediterranean culture of ancient Greece and Rome , so much of the English-speaking world still follows customs that originated in northeast Atlantic Britain and Ireland 200 or 300 years ago , adapting these traditions to their own climate and culture . The practice of kissing and singing to welcome in the new year was noted in England by the American novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne in 1856 , but there are in fact very few English traditions for New Year 's Eve and Day -- not least because until 1752 the new year in England was celebrated March 25 . But in Scotland the practice was to begin the New Year on January 1 with "  Hogmanay , " which the Scots celebrate with new year customs such as "  first-footing . " New year celebrations in the English-speaking world are consequently cosmopolitan affairs , mixing Scottish festivities with other European traditions . Setting the tone The month of "  January , " deriving from the Latin "  janua " meaning "  door , " is a transitional time between the old and new , the past and the future . For centuries , January was a key time for setting one 's house in order and making plans for the forthcoming year . Eat a hen in January , for instance , if you wish to live through the year ; observe the weather on January 12 , to get a taste of the weather for the next 12 months ; and note that activities undertaken on January 1 set the tone of work for the rest of the year -- an early version of new year resolutions . Settle down to some seasonal fare , from nutmeg cakes with currant eyes known as "  Pop Ladies " to the wassail cup , a spiced drink shared among family and friends . And there 's no need to take Christmas decorations down on the Twelfth Day  January 6  -- that became common practice in the nineteenth century to get everyone back to work . Before then , it was felt that during the bleakest months of the year in the northern hemisphere there was good reason to keep one 's house decorated . So the holly and the ivy , bay leaves , and mistletoe , stayed up until Candlemas on February 2 , a tradition that has survived in parts of Canada . Easter the joker in the pack The new year also presents a more profound opportunity to reclaim our individuality and our humanity . As we look forward to the coming year , we can not but be reminded that the calendar of every year is different : days and dates shift  will you have a weekend birthday this year ?  , leap days and leap years can disrupt the best-laid plans , and Easter is ever the amiable joker-in-the-pack . The hair-raisingly complicated calculation of Easter , based on both the spring solstice and the lunar cycle , is currently computed by Catholic astronomers using a 14-step algorithm . Even so , minor variations in the Earth 's orbit mean that Easter can not be predicted with absolute accuracy . It is a humbling reminder of the limits of human control -- and also wonderfully appropriate that such unpredictability can still structure everything from university terms to television schedules , let alone family customs in making and hiding Easter eggs . Quirky and changeable the year may be , but then so are we -- let 's celebrate that . "  The Seasons : An Elegy for the Passing of the Year , " by Nick Groom is published by Atlantic Books The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nick Groom .	The shift from bells to fireworks to bring in the new year is suggestive , says Nick Groom The world is replacing old traditions with something far louder and brasher , he says Old customs should be revived , new ones established to reflect current values , Groom says He argues January provides an opportunity to reclaim our individuality and our humanity
Get ready to meet the new classics of children 's literature . Children 's and young adult books are sporting some shiny new seals after the American Library Association announced its most esteemed literary prizes Monday , including the Newbery and Caldecott medals . The Caldecott Medal went to "  Locomotive , " written and illustrated by Brian Floca . The book follows family and crew traveling together on America 's new transcontinental railroad in the summer of 1869 . The Newbery Medal was awarded to "  Flora & Ulysses : The Illuminated Adventures , " written by Kate DiCamillo , who also wrote "  Because of Winn-Dixie " and "  The Tale of Despereaux , " and illustrated by K.G. Campbell . It 's the story of a young comic book enthusiast and cynic , Flora , and a superhero squirrel named Ulysses who helps Flora against her greatest enemy . The awards announced Monday recognize children 's and young adult authors , illustrators and media producers . The winning list guides parents , teachers and libraries , and the books typically remain in print and on store and library shelves for years to come . The ALA Youth Media Awards were announced during the organization 's winter meeting in Philadelphia and selected by a national judging committee of librarians and children 's literature experts . Here 's the list of winners : John Newbery Medal for "  most outstanding contribution to children 's literature " "  Flora & Ulysses : The Illuminated Adventures , " written by Kate DiCamillo , illustrated by K.G. Campbell Honor books "  Doll Bones , " written by Holly Black "  The Year of Billy Miller , " written by Kevin Henkes "  One Came Home , " written by Amy Timberlake "  Paperboy , " written by Vince Vawter Randolph Caldecott Medal for the "  most distinguished American picture book for children " "  Locomotive , " illustrated and written by Brian Floca Honor books "  Journey , " written and illustrated by Aaron Becker "  Flora and the Flamingo , " written and illustrated by Molly Idle "  Mr. Wuffles ! " written and illustrated by David Wiesner Coretta Scott King awards for an African-American author and illustrator Author award : "  P.S. Be Eleven , " written by Rita Williams-Garcia Illustrator award : "  Knock Knock : My Dad 's Dream for Me , " illustrated by Bryan Collier and written by Daniel Beaty Honor books Author : "  March : Book One , " written by John Lewis and Andrew Aydin and illustrated by Nate Powell Author : "  Darius & Twig , " written by Walter Dean Myers Author : "  Words with Wings , " written by Nikki Grimes Illustrator : "  Nelson Mandela , " written by Kadir Nelson Coretta Scott King/John Steptoe New Talent Award Theodore Taylor III for his illustrations for "  When the Beat was Born : DJ Kool Herc and the Creation of Hip Hop " Coretta Scott King-Virginia Hamilton Award for Lifetime Achievement for illustrator/author Patricia and Fredrick McKissack Margaret A. Edwards Award , for an author 's "  significant and lasting contribution to young adult literature " Markus Zusak , author of "  The Book Thief , " "  I Am the Messenger , " "  Fighting Ruben Wolf " and "  Getting the Girl " May Hill Arbuthnot Honor Lecture , recognizing an author , critic , librarian , historian or teacher of children 's literature Brian Selznick , author and illustrator of "  Wonderstruck " and the Caldecott-winning "  The Invention of Hugo Cabret , " will deliver the 2015 Arbuthnot Lecture . Pura Belpre awards for a Latino writer and illustrator "  whose children 's books best portray , affirm and celebrate the Latino cultural experience " Illustrator : "  Nino Wrestles the World , " illustrated and written by Yuyi Morales Author : "  Yaqui Delgado Wants to Kick Your Ass , " written by Meg Medina Honor books Author : "  The Lightning Dreamer : Cuba 's Greatest Abolitionist , " written by Margarita Engle Author : "  The Living , " written by Matt de la Peña Author : "  Pancho Rabbit and the Coyote : A Migrant 's Tale , " written by Duncan Tonatiuh Illustrator : "  Maria Had a Little Llama , " illustrated and written by Angela Dominguez Illustrator : "  Tito Puente : Mambo King , " illustrated by Rafael López and written by Monica Brown Illustrator : "  Pancho Rabbit and the Coyote : A Migrant 's Tale , " written by Duncan Tonatiuh Stonewall Book Award , the Mike Morgan & Larry Romans Children 's & Young Adult Literature Award for "  books of exceptional merit relating to the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender experience " "  Beautiful Music for Ugly Children , " written by Kristin Cronn-Mills "  Fat Angie , " written by e.E. Charlton-Trujillo Honor books "  Better Nate than Ever , " written by Tim Federle "  Branded by the Pink Triangle , " written by Ken Setterington "  Two Boys Kissing , " written by David Levithan 5 questions for Tim Federle Schneider Family Book Award for "  books that embody an artistic expression of the disability experience " Young children 's book : "  A Splash of Red : The Life and Art of Horace Pippin , " written by Jen Bryant and illustrated by Melissa Sweet Middle grades book : "  Handbook for Dragon Slayers , " written by Merrie Haskell Teen book : "  Rose Under Fire , " written by Elizabeth Wein Michael L. Printz Award for "  excellence in literature written for young adults " "  Midwinterblood , " written by Marcus Sedgwick Honor books "  Eleanor & Park , " written by Rainbow Rowell "  The Kingdom of Little Wounds , " written by Susann Cokal "  Maggot Moon , " written by Sally Gardner "  Navigating Early , " written by Clare Vanderpool A brief history of young adult literature Theodor Seuss Geisel Award for beginning reader book "  The Watermelon Seed , " written and illustrated by Greg Pizzoli Honor books "  Ball , " written and illustrated by Mary Sullivan "  A Big Guy Took My Ball ! " written and illustrated by Mo Willems "  Penny and Her Marble , " written and illustrated by Kevin Henkes William C. Morris Award for "  a debut book published by a first-time author writing for teens " "  Charm & Strange , " written by Stephanie Kuehn Finalists "  Sex & Violence , " written by Carrie Mesrobian "  Dr. Bird 's Advice for Sad Poets , " written by Evan Roskos "  Belle Epoque , " written by Elizabeth Ross "  In the Shadow of Blackbirds , " written by Cat Winters Robert F. Sibert Informational Book Award for informational books for children "  Parrots Over Puerto Rico , " written by Susan L. Roth and Cindy Trumbore and illustrated by Susan L. Roth Honor books : "  A Splash of Red : The Life and Art of Horace Pippin , " written by Jen Bryant and illustrated by Melissa Sweet "  Look Up ! Bird-Watching in Your Own Backyard , " written and illustrated by Annette LeBlanc Cate "  Locomotive , " written and illustrated by Brian Floca "  The Mad Potter : George E. Ohr , Eccentric Genius , " written by Jan Greenberg and Sandra Jordan YALSA Award for Excellence in Nonfiction for Young Adults "  The Nazi Hunters : How a Team of Spies and Survivors Captured the World 's Most Notorious Nazi , " written by Neal Bascomb Finalists "  Go : A Kidd 's Guide to Graphic Design , " written by Chip Kidd "  Imprisoned : The Betrayal of Japanese Americans During World War II , " written by Martin W. Sandler "  Courage Has No Color : The True Story of the Triple Nickles , America 's First Black Paratroopers , " written by Tanya Lee Stone "  The President Has Been Shot ! The Assassination of John F. Kennedy , " written by James L. Swanson Mildred L. Batchelder Award for a book published in a language other than English in a country other than the United States and subsequently translated into English for publication in the United States "  Mister Orange , " written by Truus Matti and translated by Laura Watkinson Honor books "  The Bathing Costume or the Worst Vacation of My Life , " written by Charlotte Moundlic and illustrated by Olivier Tallec "  My Father 's Arms Are A Boat , " written by Stein Erik Lunde and illustrated by Øyvind Torseter "  The War Within These Walls , " written by Aline Sax and illustrated by Caryl Strzelecki Odyssey Award for audiobooks "  Scowler , " produced by Listening Library , written by Daniel Kraus and narrated by Kirby Heyborne Honor audiobooks "  Better Nate Than Ever , " produced by Simon & Schuster Audio and written and narrated by Tim Federle "  Creepy Carrots ! " produced by Weston Woods Studios Inc. , written by Aaron Reynolds and narrated by James Naughton "  Eleanor & Park , " produced by Listening Library , written by Rainbow Rowell and narrated by Rebecca Lowman and Sunil Malhotra "  Matilda , " produced by Penguin Audio , written by Roald Dahl and narrated by Kate Winslet Andrew Carnegie Medal for children 's video "  Bink & Gollie : Two for One , " produced by Paul R. Gagne and Melissa Reilly Ellard Alex Awards for 10 adult books that appeal to teens "  Brewster : A Novel , " written by Mark Slouka "  The Death of Bees : A Novel , " written by Lisa O'Donnell "  Golden Boy : A Novel , " written by Abigail Tarttelin "  Help for the Haunted , " written by John Searles "  Lexicon : A Novel , " written by Max Barry "  Lives of Tao , " written by Wesley Chu "  Mother , Mother : A Novel , " written by Koren Zailckas "  Relish : My Life in the Kitchen , " written by Lucy Knisley "  The Sea of Tranquility : A Novel , " written by Katja Millay "  The Universe Versus Alex Woods , " written by Gavin Extence What were your favorite recent books for young adults and children ? Share your thoughts in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	The American Library Association announced awards for young people 's literature Kate DiCamillo won the Newbery Medal for "  Flora & Ulysses : The Illuminated Adventures " The Caldecott Medal went to "  Locomotive , " written and illustrated by Brian Floca
LifeWire  -- Janice Shih might be the most educated pastry chef you 'll ever meet . Janice Shih left her career in medicine at age 38 and became a pastry chef . Shih attended Johns Hopkins University , followed by medical school at George Washington University , then practiced for eight years as an obstetrician/gynecologist before realizing that baking , not medicine , was her calling . "  Everyone would say , ` You 're a doctor ; it must be so great to be able to save lives , ' " she says . "  But I felt like I was just pushing papers and feeling pressure to see more patients in less time . It was very draining . It just was n't fun anymore . " So in 2004 , at age 38 , she swapped her stethoscope for a rolling pin and enrolled in the pastry program at L'Academie de Cuisine in Gaithersburg , Maryland . "  I had always been interested in pastries -- mostly interested in eating them , " she says with a laugh . Shih now owns Tenzo Artisan , a bakery and catering company in Baltimore that specializes in pastries for people with food allergies -- it 's rewarding , she says , to make birthday cakes for people whose dietary sensitivities had forbidden such treats . She 's one of thousands of career changers who have left their cubicles for culinary school . Enrollment has risen 40 percent since 2000 at the Culinary Institute of America , and it 's up 15 percent this year at The Art Institutes , which operates 30 culinary programs across the country . The trend is helped by a growing cultural interest in gourmet food and a proliferation of cooking-themed TV shows like the Food Network 's "  Ace of Cakes " and Bravo 's "  Top Chef . " Plenty of possibilities Students attending the grueling programs , which can last six to 38 months , can dole out as much as $ 30,000 to $ 40,000 for the diploma . And then the real work begins . Neil Robertson , 44 , was technical director at a graphic design firm in 2003 and felt like he no longer fit the mold . He quit his 18-year career and attended the French Pastry School in Chicago . "  I 've always loved to bake , " he says . "  But baking in a professional kitchen ? I was n't sure that I could handle it . " In his first professional experience after pastry school , he found out how tough it can be : "  I came very close to tears . " Yet he persevered , and five years later became head pastry chef at Seattle 's Canlis restaurant . "  You 're not a chef as soon as you finish culinary school , " says Michael Ruhlman , author of "  The Making of a Chef , " an inside look at life at the Culinary Institute . "  You 're a chef only after spending several years further honing your craft and learning the ropes . To say otherwise would be like saying grads of medical school could instantly be called pediatric neurosurgeons the day after graduation . " And becoming a chef is n't the only option . "  There are so many possibilities today , " says Culinary Institute President Tim Ryan . "  Catering , sales , manufacturing -- we even have graduates who have launched clothing companies  or  become food scientists . " Jen Beltz , 38 , and Thom Householder , 40 , testify to that . In 2004 , they quit their jobs at AARP and followed their palates to Italy . Using the proceeds of their house sale , the couple attended a five-month culinary program in Florence , then a nine-month course in Canada . All the while , they had no idea where their gastronomic education would take them . "  Some of our friends and family seemed to think we were a bit insane , " Beltz recalls . But with their newfound culinary know-how , Beltz and Householder launched Front Burner PR , a boutique public-relations and marketing firm in Portland , Maine , that focuses on restaurants , hotels and other food-related clients . Do n't quit your day job just yet Think carefully before writing your resignation letter -- culinary school is no cakewalk , says Robertson . "  It 's hot . It 's fast . It 's high-stress . It 's a pressure cooker . " Ruhlman agrees . "  I ca n't even tell you how many people have read my book and thanked me for saving them from going to culinary school , " he says , "  because they had no idea how hard it really is . " Before taking the plunge , Robertson and Ruhlman suggest getting a feel for the job via a culinary vacation , like those offered through gourmetontour.com and foodvacation.com , or by shadowing a chef . For the second option , "  go to a restaurant that you like and respect and ask if you can spend a day in the kitchen , " suggests Ruhlman . It 's called trailing , and some restaurants are open to it . If you have some food experience , you might be able to stage  pronounced stauge  , which entails working in a kitchen alongside a chef , without pay , for a day or two . "  You get to see what life is really like in a professional kitchen , " he says , "  and it will really open your eyes . " Looking back , Robertson says leaving his job for the culinary world was a bold move , but worth every deflated soufflé along the way : "  I 'm much more excited about what I 'm doing now . " LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Sarah Jio 's work has appeared in "  Gourmet , " "  Health , " "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " and many other publications .	Physician one of thousands to leave office drudgery for cooking school "  It just was n't fun anymore , " says doctor , now owner of catering business Chef : School is "  hot . It 's fast . It 's high-stress " Trend is fed by TV shows "  Ace of Cakes " and "  Top Chef "
CNN  -- Reality TV may prove to be a golden ticket for Clay Aiken 's congressional bid . Nearly a decade ago , Americans were introduced to the adorable schoolteacher from North Carolina . Aiken wowed viewers and judges early in the second season auditions of "  American Idol . " No one expected such an incredible voice to come out of such an unassuming package . He came out of nowhere and stole the show . His singing won him a golden ticket to Hollywood , but his resolve won him a unique place in the hearts of American viewers . And that could be just the training he needed for his next career . This week , Aiken once again presented himself as an unassuming candidate , this time jumping into North Carolina politics as a Democrat to challenge U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers , a Republican , for her 2nd Congressional District seat . As a former political appointee and reality TV show participant , I am intrigued by Aiken 's foray into the world of politics . He and I got our start on TV right around the same time . In all of my encounters with him over the last decade , I have found him to be kind , warm and authentic . I bet the voters in North Carolina will see the same thing . A friend asked me if I thought Aiken 's TV background would help or hurt him in his congressional race . That 's easy . National TV has uniquely prepared Aiken for this adventure into politics . Here 's why . Aiken has had to convince millions to vote for him -- first via a toll-free 866 number and soon in a voting booth . He has had to deflect the barbs of critics -- I 'm not sure who is worse , Simon Cowell or Sean Hannity . And he has had to learn how to win over the media -- first in Hollywood , now inside the Beltway . Back in 2003 and 2004 , reality TV was a lot different . Aiken and I both were parts of instantly successful franchises at the peak of their popularity . Each week , millions of viewers tuned in not only to watch but also to vote for their choices -- or vote off whom they did n't like . This created a new entertainment democracy . Viewers were empowered to choose their favorites , and contestants had to campaign and compete for a spot on the show -- and for the hearts of America on an unofficial campaign trail . Reality TV requires you to have thick skin . When you have to face harsh critics such as Cowell or Donald Trump weekly , you have no choice but to be tough . But the toughest critic of all proved to be the American public . Aiken was subjected to intense , relentless scrutiny . He was forced to learn and apply leadership principles that were essential to his longevity and success , on screen and off . And even when he got knocked down , he had to get back up and fight again . There are skills that we learned being on a reality show that may help Aiken win . First , his message , which he has already tried and tested during his "  American Idol " days , will get refined in the political arena . He proudly shared Christian beliefs and his passion for young people with special needs , both traits that resonated with viewers -- and likely with North Carolina voters . Secondly , his relationship with the media during "  Idol " taught him how to deal with them in a smart , shrewd yet upfront and sincere way . The press can spot a fake a mile away . On "  American Idol , " he quickly learned to forge relationships with the media to connect with those who would cast their votes each week . In his congressional race , he will likely be able to reach voters in ways that his competitor ca n't . Because of his TV training , he already knows how to do so . Lastly , his two previous losses -- he came in second place behind Ruben Studdard during the second season of "  Idol " and placed second behind Arsenio Hall in the fifth season of "  Celebrity Apprentice " -- could prove to be just the hook in his bid for Congress . Going up against an incumbent in a traditionally Republican district , voters will see Aiken as the underdog and may rally behind him . Voters may feel that his time has come . And everyone roots for the underdog . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Omarosa Manigault .	Ex - "  Apprentice " star Omarosa Manigault says reality TV was good training for Clay Aiken Aiken announced he is running for Congress in North Carolina as a Democrat Manigault : Reality TV makes you appeal for mass votes and requires you to have thick skin
CNN  -- He is the new leader of the most populous Arab nation . But Egypt 's interim president Adly Mansour is , in many respects , a mystery man . Profiles of him in local and international media have stuck to the basics -- where he was born , where he went to school , how he fared in his last job . Facts that hardly offer an insight into how Mansour will run the country until new elections are called -- whenever that may be . But his low-key demeanor might be the very reason the military picked him , analysts say . "  He represents what the military needs , a fairly low-profile but respected technorat , " said David Hartwell , a Middle East and North Africa analyst at Jane 's Islamic Affairs . One of his main roles will be to help draft a constitution , a job he is well-versed in as the head of the nation 's Supreme Constitutional Court . The Egyptian people have given me the authority "  to amend and correct the revolution of the 25th of January 2011 , " Mansour said . Egypt 's revolution , which led to the toppling of Hosni Mubarak after three decades in power , started that day . More than two weeks later , Mubarak was ousted . Work spans two regimes Mansour was born in Cairo , and attended law school at a local university before heading to Paris for studies . Appointed vice president of the court in 1992 by Mubarak , he is also one of its longest serving judges . Deposed President Mohamed Morsy appointed him to the judicial role last month after the former chief " s term expired . He assumed the top judiciary post as a result of a law that mandates that the chief should be hired from within the system . His work spans two regimes -- Mubarak 's and Morsy 's . The latter was deposed Wednesday after a year in power . Mansour also helped draft the elections laws that set the time frame for campaigning in the 2012 vote that brought Morsy to power , the state-run Al-Ahram newspaper reported . "  The Muslim brotherhood will try to say he is part of the judicial conspiracy against them , " Hartwell said . "  However that 's unlikely to carry weight . He is fairly balanced and has made legally sound decisions in the judiciary . " Viewed as an independent The 67-year-old is married and a father of three . Though virtually unknown -- no one was chanting his name on the streets as a potential replacement -- he is viewed as an independent . "  In a sense , you could argue that 's what the military wanted , " Hartwell said . The army seized power after Mubarak was toppled , but lost popularity after cracking down on continuing protests . Morsy 's election win last year was welcomed as win over military rule . "  This time , they  military  are looking to perform an indirect role , " Hartwell said . "  They do n't have any desire for some kind of public body . " During the anti-Morsy protests that led to his ouster , some opposition groups had called for the head of the constitutional court to take over the running of the country . Mansour 's appointment is likely to appease them . He will "  establish a government that is strong and diverse , " said Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi , the nation 's top military officer . Until parliamentary elections are held , the interim president will have the power to issue constitutional declarations . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Catherine Shoichet , Laura Smith-Spark and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	The married father of three takes over amid chaos , division Mansour , 67 , was named head of the Supreme Constitutional Court last month State media : He helped draft election laws for the vote that brought his predecessor to power
San Juan , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Investigators do n't know if the massive fire at a fuel storage facility near San Juan was deliberately started or was an accident , the agent in charge of the FBI 's San Juan office said Monday . The blaze , which started with an explosion at the Caribbean Petroleum Corp. facility in Bayamon municipality early Friday , was extinguished Sunday , firefighters said . Some of the tanks continued to smolder and crews stood ready to fight any flare-up . "  We do n't know if it 's a crime scene , " said FBI Special Agent Luis Fraticelli . "  We do n't know if it 's an accident , so we 're not making any determinations at this point until our experts do their work , do their analysis and then provide input to us as to what they feel happened here . " Puerto Rico is a territory of the United States . The FBI is investigating graffiti found on two San Juan tunnels that referred to a fire , Special Agent Harry Rodriguez said Friday . A spray-painted message on the tunnels , less than three miles apart , said : "  Boom , fire , RIP , Gulf , Soul , ACNF . " Caribbean Petroleum owns the Gulf Oil brand , but Rodriguez said he did not know what ACNF referred to . Hundreds of firefighters battled the blaze , which began with an explosion early Friday morning . That explosion shook the ground with the force of a 2.8-magnitude earthquake , authorities said . Flames shot into the air while plumes of thick , black smoke hovered over the region . Agents from the FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were investigating to determine whether the explosion was an act of sabotage or an accident . Seventeen tanks were destroyed by flames and the initial explosion . Puerto Rico 's governor , Luis Fortuno , said the main priority of his government is to counter any long-term effects of air and water pollution caused by the disaster . Representatives from the Environmental Protection Agency have been checking air quality near the fire . "  We 're not finding levels that would be of concern , " said Bonnie Bellow , EPA spokeswoman . She said the fire had been so intense because it was "  burning off chemicals that are part of the fuel . " About 600 displaced people stayed in shelters on Sunday night , but many were being sent home . Dr. Lorenzo Gonzalez , Puerto Rico 's health secretary , tests conducted on the air and water showed no reason for concern . Because they were placed in close proximity in the facilities , everyone in the shelters and all the emergency personnel were vaccinated against the H1N1 flu virus as a precaution , Gonzalez said . President Obama declared an emergency in Puerto Rico , which frees up federal aid . Fortuno said the blaze has cost the island at least $ 6.4 million . The governor sought to allay fears over gasoline supplies . Caribbean Petroleum owns 200 gas stations in the island and several inland distribution facilities , and supplies much of the island 's fuel . Puerto Rico will receive 3.6 million gallons of regular gasoline , more than 1 million gallons of premium gasoline and more than 1 million gallons of diesel fuel to help make up for what may have been lost , Fortuno said . The company has been cited for violations of the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act , the main law in the United States that deals with the disposal of solid and hazardous wastes , according to EPA spokeswoman Bellow . Caribbean Petroleum is under a corrective-action plan , she said . CNN 's Rafael Romo and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Blaze started with massive explosion early Friday Graffiti found in two San Juan tunnels made reference to fires Puerto Rico to receive fuel imports to make up for what burned
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- NASA released newly restored videos Thursday of two U.S. astronauts taking the world 's first steps on the moon . NASA hired a digital restoration firm to improve video showing astronauts taking first steps on the moon . The images were released just four days before the 40th anniversary of the historic event that captivated the world on July 20 , 1969 . The release , part of a larger Apollo 11 moonwalk restoration project , features 15 key moments from the historic lunar excursion , NASA said in a statement . Astronaut Neil Armstrong , now 78 , was the first to venture onto the moon 's surface after the lunar module Eagle landed on the so-called Sea of Tranquility . Following him was Buzz Aldrin , now 79 . The videos are far superior to the initial dark , fuzzy images people watched on their television sets at the time , although they are far from crisp . Watch a clearer view of "  one small step for man " " The original tapes of images sent back to Earth by Apollo 11 have been lost , and the camera that shot them was left on the moon , according to a NASA official . Given those circumstances , the team of Apollo-era engineers who helped produce the 1969 live broadcast of the moonwalk acquired the best of the broadcast-format video from a variety of places . These images were turned over to a firm specializing in digitized video restorations , said Mark Hess , chief of public affairs at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland . "  It was the very best of the broadcast video that we were able to locate from all the sources , " he said , referring to any place that had the original broadcast . "  The quality of those varied widely . " One source was kinescopes found in film vaults at NASA 's Johnson Space Center in Houston that had not been seen for 36 years , NASA said . Kinescopes are the motion-picture records of a television program . NASA is fairly sure that the original tapes were placed in storage , and taken out and used in the 1970s and 1980s , Hess said . "  Once that technology became irrelevant , they were probably destroyed , " Hess said . These are just the first restored videos to be released , he said . NASA expects that by September , the firm will have worked on the entire moonwalk , and the quality of those videos -- about three hours worth -- will be even better than today 's . The company NASA used , Lowry Digital of Burbank , California , specializes in restoring old Hollywood films and video . iReport.com : Where were you during the moon landing ? The images posted Thursday on the NASA Web site include a two-minute video montage with highlights of the moonwalk , and separate videos of Armstrong and Aldrin descending a ladder to the moon 's dusty surface . Each partially restored video is shown beside an original image , for comparison . Another comparison video shows Armstrong reading a commemorative plaque on the lunar module , which says in part : "  Here men from the planet Earth first stepped upon the moon -- July 1969 . " The montage video shows highlights from the Apollo 11 mission , from the launch in Florida to the spacecraft 's departure from the moon .	NEW : NASA used company that specializes in restoring old Hollywood films NEW : Some images obtained from kinescopes found in NASA 's film vaults Videos released just four days before the 40th anniversary of first moonwalk Videos far superior to the initial dark , fuzzy images but far from crisp
CNN  -- A high-speed passenger train derails as it rounds a curve , killing dozens and injuring scores more . That scene played out Wednesday in Spain , leading U.S. residents to ask , "  Could it happen here ? " The answer : Not likely , not now , if only because there 's precious little high-speed rail in the United States . Also , the train that crashed near Santiago de Compostela is an extremely complicated machine , nothing like any train in the United States , said University of Dayton assistant professor Steven Harrod . "  From the U.S. public 's point of view , I think it 's important for them not to be scared or panicked about this , " said Harrod , whose research expertise lies in railway operations . "  I could never imagine such a complicated piece of equipment running in North America . " Where the United States , like most of the world , has a standard track width of 4 feet , 8.5 inches , the Spain train was designed to run on both that gauge and on wider tracks that are used in much of Spain and Portugal , Harrod said . "  The wheels on this train actually move , so you can imagine the complexity that adds , " he said . Spain 's high-speed AVE trains run on a different voltage than other trains in the country , so this train 's electrical system was outfitted to adapt to multiple voltages and signal systems , and because parts of Northwest Spain have no electric wires , the train was designed with a diesel engine so it can run on both electric and nonelectric tracks . "  It 's an enormously complicated train , nothing like the U.S. or North American continent has ever seen , " Harrod said . In the crash video , he said , "  the train looks like it peels off the track between the diesel engine and the first coach . " This is the weakest juncture in the train , he said , because the coach car is far lighter than the engine . America 's slower locomotives While Harrod said there are routes between Chicago and St. Louis and Chicago and Detroit where trains can top 100 mph  the Spain train was reportedly running about 118 mph  , the closest the United States has to high-speed rail is the Acela Express that runs between Washington and Boston at advertised speeds of up to 150 mph . But that 's a bit misleading , some say . The trains rarely travel that fast because along many stretches the tracks are n't rated for that kind of speed . Amtrak announced in September it plans to run test trains at 165 mph in Delaware , Maryland , New Jersey , Rhode Island and Massachusetts . "  They 're operating on tracks and going through tunnels that are 100 years old , " said Robert Puentes , a transportation expert at the Brookings Institution . While Acela trains could potentially derail , Federal Railroad Administration requirements demand they be heavier than similar trains in Europe , making them less likely to fly off the tracks , according to an excerpt from "  Waiting on a Train : the Embattled Future of Passenger Rail Service , " posted on the publisher 's website . Speed limits enforced by the agency also keep the trains moving slower than their powerful engines allow , further reducing the risk of an accident . Those limits are necessary because of curves , small tunnels and freight traffic along the same tracks , according to the book , written by James McCommons . "  The high-speed corridors in Europe and Japan are straight , level , sealed from intrusion , and set aside solely for fast passenger trains , " McCommons writes . "  To create such a corridor in the Northeast with its dense population would cost tens of billions of dollars and require the purchase or condemnation of more land and neighborhoods . " The curves , traffics and tight tunnels may actually make U.S. trains safer , Harrod said , because engineers have to pay more attention , especially since there 's far less automation in American trains than in European ones . "  Human factors play a big role , including the risk of oversight due to boredom . The Northeast Corridor is curvy with frequent speed changes , so engineers there never have a chance to get complacent or bored . They are constantly braking and accelerating , " he said . "  We do n't have this level of computer control . In most places in the U.S. , the engineer 's in the cab . He 's watching visual signals outside the cab . " American trains also have an auto-stop feature , so if an engineer misses a stop or caution signal , either inside or outside the cab , the brakes are applied automatically . Slow progress for high-speed rail High costs and political opposition have led to limited success for efforts to bring widespread European - and Asian-style high-speed rail to the United States . President Barack Obama used the 2009 economic stimulus package to dole out $ 8 billion for high-speed rail projects , and in 2011 proposed spending $ 53 billion over six years to promote construction of high-speed lines around the nation . More than two years later , there 's been little progress . While the federal government offered money to spearhead high-speed rail efforts in states such as Wisconsin , Ohio , Florida and California , Republican governors in Wisconsin and Florida killed the projects . In California , voters in 2008 approved a 520-mile high-speed rail project that would have carried riders between San Diego and San Francisco at nearly 200 mph . Since then , the cost estimate has gone up , speeds have come down and the route has been limited to a roughly 200-mile stretch between Fresno and Burbank . Now , the attention appears to be turning to state and local initiatives . A private company has proposed a line in Texas , while another private proposal would bring high-speed rail linking Miami and Orlando , Florida . But for high-speed rail to make significant inroads into the United States , the nation would first have to make significant improvements to basic infrastructure , such as tracks and bridges to allow freight and passenger traffic to coexist , said Brookings ' Puentes . "  We 've got a long way to go , " he said . CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	High-speed trains are not widely available in the U.S. , though some can top 100 mph Expert : The Spain train is "  enormously complicated , " nothing like U.S. trains The Federal Railroad Authority regulates U.S. train speeds and other safety measures Efforts to expand high-speed programs have met with little success in U.S.
CNN  -- It may be early days in the quest for energy underneath the crystal blue waters of the Mediterranean -- but the eventual bounty may be sizable for Cyprus . The Eastern Mediterranean is considered a new energy frontier with a 2010 report from the U.S. Geological Survey estimating there to be 122 trillion cubic feet of gas in the area . Nearby Israel , Lebanon and Egypt have also marked their offshore territories and are evaluating their potential . But for Cyprus , still bitterly divided between a Greek Cypriot south and Turkish Cypriot north , the rewards could be more than just financial . According to the Republic of Cyprus ' president Nicos Anastasiades , this rich supply of energy could help unite the island . "  The benefits out of the exploitation of the wealth of energy is going to the interest of all the people of Cyprus whether they are Greek or Turkish Cypriots , " Anastasiades told CNN . "  What I 'm saying and trying to convince our compatriots is that the wealth is belonging to the state , the residents of Cyprus . You  Turkish Cypriots  have the nationality of Cyprus as well , let 's find a solution on the basis as has been agreed then you will have your proportion in participating in this wealth . " Texas based Noble Energy undertook its first drilling work in Cypriot waters last summer . French firm Total and ENI of Italy , meanwhile , will start exploration later this year . In between the ports of Limassol and Larnaca there are plans for a $ 10 billion facility to manage the natural gas discovered offshore . Cypriot officials say that the reserves in the one block that has been surveyed so far , when brought to market , would represent more than 100 % of the country 's GDP of $ 23 billion dollars . Early indications from Noble also hint that there are many millions of barrels of oil in their field as well . With such a potentially valuable asset , Anastasiades believes it is important to take heed of the experiences of other countries with large energy reserves and for Cyprus not to be caught out by the resource curse . "  That 's why we are talking about the Norwegian model , " he said referring to the Scandinavian nation 's sovereign wealth fund that invests a large chunk of the money generated from its own underwater oil and gas fields . At the same time Anastasiades hopes to manage expectations as to the level of wealth Cypriots can expect to gain . "  We are trying to pass on to people that when we talk about energy we are talking about future generations and not for the present only . " However it is important that they "  do not have any expectations that we are going to become like the Arab Gulf Emirates and so on , " he added . Anastasiades also recognizes that external factors have the potential impact how this lucrative new industry develops in the region . He points out that Turkey has been "  violating  Cyprus 's  economic zone " in recent years as they attempt to influence relations between Greek and Turkish Cypriots . These actions may still come to impact attempts to unify the country in the future , he said , but he is confident that will ultimately not be the case . "  All of us nowadays are realizing that it 's a high time to give an end to these this protracted problem . This is why I have mentioned before as an incentive the energy , the hydrocarbons and all these kinds of things . " See also : The King of hotels in Iran , Iraq and Syria See also : New fashion capital of the Middle East See also : Regal British store lands in Dubai	Cyprus is sitting on large underwater reserves of natural gas Country is expected to exploit fields in coming years and generate billions of dollars in process Cypriot president believes energy discovery could help unite the island
CNN  -- Benjamin Wallen , self-proclaimed biggest fan of HBO 's "  The Wire , " thought it was well worth a $ 300 flight home to watch the highly anticipated series finale of the acclaimed crime drama with his best friends -- and fellow series diehards -- Sunday night . The finale of "  The Wire " has raised intense interest -- all the more so because it 's not available on demand . Though the season finale is not scheduled to air nationally until Sunday , HBO has made episodes of the series available through certain cable providers ' on-demand feature up to a week before their national air dates . But when Wallen and his friends huddled around the television and switched on the cable box at 12:03 a.m. Monday , their hearts sank : The new episode was n't listed . They tried an old trick , turning the cable box power switch on and off , hoping the episode would eventually appear . Finally , something did show up -- but not the finale . In the place where the show should have been , Wallen , 24 , and his friends found a one-minute preview of the finale that ended simply with a title screen bearing the date "  March 10 , " the day the show will be available on demand . Like thousands of other "  Wire " fanatics who had similarly flocked to the presumed early screener Sunday night , the group sat stunned . "  It completely killed the whole weekend , " Wallen said . "  We are diehard fans who have watched it every week -- a week early . We did n't think this week would be any different . " The finale of "  The Wire " has earned intense interest from fans who have followed the Baltimore-set show zealously since its premiere in 2002 . The critically lauded show has never matched the audience of other HBO programs , such as "  The Sopranos , " but its viewers are a particularly passionate lot , following the show 's motley crew of cops , drug dealers , struggling children , politicians and journalists with deeply probing blogs and running commentary . Gallery : Get to know the characters of "  The Wire " " They want to delve deeper into the show 's portrayal of what creator David Simon has described as "  what it feels like to live in the American city . " Monday morning , the official HBO Web site confirmed that the series finale would not be made available early , but would premiere during its regularly scheduled 9 p.m. Sunday time slot . While the decision to not release the show early was a surprise to fans , it was one made back at the beginning of the final season at the urging of Simon , executives at HBO said . HBO vice president Dave Baldwin said that in seasons past , spoilers about season finales and the episodes themselves had leaked onto the Web , so Simon requested a change in the schedule . Baldwin acknowledged that there were many angry fans -- some of whom are calling HBO liars -- but attributed their rancor to their passion for the show . But what could he say ? "  Forgive us , we thought we were doing the right thing , " Baldwin said . "  And anything else that a husband would say to his wife -LSB- in -RSB- begging for forgiveness . " The curtain of secrecy around "  The Wire " finale is one Simon intends to keep tightly drawn until the show begins Sunday night . Aaron Barnhart , TV critic for The Kansas City Star , found out just how tightly guarded Simon intended to keep it when he posted an entry to his blog about the advance copy of the finale he received . Barnhart told CNN he intended not to spoil the show for fans , only discussing small details of the finale . But what Barnhart thought was a small detail -- the finale 's closing song -- turned out to be otherwise for Simon . Less than three hours after the blog entry was posted , Barnhart received a voice mail from someone identifying himself as Simon , imploring him to take the post down , because there is a great deal of anticipation and betting on what the song will be . Barnhart said he had no idea the closing segment was such a big deal , saying it had n't made a big impact on him in the past , but he realized that does n't mean it is n't a huge deal to other fans . "  I think it is a token of the strong bond that this show has to its small niche of fans , " he said . " -LSB- Simon -RSB- wants to reward the devotion of those fans with a moment like that . He 's decided it 's important , and the fact that it 's not important to me does n't entitle me to spoil it . " While some "  Wire " fans who were duped out of an early release ranted on HBO message boards , Facebook and MySpace , Wallen said he and his friends decided to find the positive in it all . "  I guess the consolation is that we have five extra days to be excited and talk about the show before it 's over , " he said . HBO is a division of Time Warner , as is CNN . E-mail to a friend	"  The Wire " has been available on demand , but not Sunday 's finale Show has a hard-core audience of passionate fans HBO show , set in Baltimore , wraps up five-season run Sunday
CNN  -- Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy will consider returning to politics to save his floundering center-right party , not because he wants to but because of patriotic "  duty , " according to an article to be published Thursday in a right-leaning magazine . In an eight-page special called "  In the head of Nicolas Sarkozy , " the former president discusses his political future in public for the first time . He is quoted as saying in Valeurs Actuelles magazine that he has no desire to return to politics , a world that "  bores him to death , " and balks at the task of "  picking up France in the state where the Socialist Party will leave it . " But , Sarkozy said , "  there will be unfortunately a moment when the question will no longer be : ` Do you want to ? ' but ` Do you have a choice ? ' " "  In this case , I can not continue to say : ' I am happy , I take my daughter to school and I give conferences all around the world . ' In this case , effectively , I will be obliged to come back . Not by desire . By duty . Only because it is for France . " According to a French Institute of Public Opinion poll released Wednesday , 56 % of the supporters of his party -- the Union for a Popular Movement , known as UMP -- prefer Sarkozy as their candidate for the 2017 presidential election . In the article , Sarkozy criticizes President Francois Hollande , saying the Socialist Party leader "  has smashed everything that I managed to build with  German Chancellor  Angela Merkel . Not because he does not get along with her but because his politics are completely opposed to that of Germany . " On the subject of Mali , Sarkozy questioned the government 's purpose : "  What are we doing over there ? Apart from supporting coup-makers and attempting to control a country that is three times the size of France with 4,000 men ? " Since being defeated by Hollande last May -- and vowing never to return to politics -- Sarkozy has kept a low profile , working at his law firm in central Paris . But rumors of a comeback have intensified since the UMP 's confused attempt to elect a successor last November , in which both candidates Francois Fillon and Jean-Francois Cope claimed victory amid intraparty squabbling and allegations of vote-rigging . After a two-day gridlock , Cope was declared the winner . Fillon disputed this and the pair eventually agreed to a re-election later this year .	Patriotic "  duty " may force former President Sarkozy back to politics , he tells a magazine He says he balks at picking up France "  where the Socialist Party will leave it " A poll says 56 % of his party supporters want him to be the candidate in 2017
Washington  CNN  -- Congressional leaders on Tuesday will mark the 50th anniversary of the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which outlawed discrimination on the basis of race , religion , sex or national origin . Rep. Marcia Fudge , chair of the Congressional Black Caucus , will join Congress ' top two Democrats and Republicans to commemorate the law and issue the Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and his wife Coretta Scott King . The Congressional Gold Medal is the highest civilian honor awarded by Congress . President Barack Obama marked the anniversary in April , speaking at the Lyndon B. Johnson presidential library . "  As a master of politics and legislative process , he grasped -- like few others -- the power of government to bring about change , " Obama said then . Here is a look at the legacy of Congress on civil rights : 2 : Number of founding members of the Congressional Black Caucus still in Congress -- Reps. Charlie Rangel and John Conyers . The Caucus was established by 13 lawmakers in 1971 . 730 hours : The time Congress spent debating civil rights legislation in 1964 , according to the Dirksen Center . The debate amounted to 83 working days and took up 3,000 pages in the Congressional Record . 290-130 : The vote on the bill in the House on February 10 , 1964 . 14 hours , 13 minutes : The time that Sen. Robert Byrd of West Virginia filibustered the bill . But Byrd 's filibuster did n't come close to Sen. Strom Thurmond 's 24-hour stand against the Civil Rights Act of 1957 . 71-29 : The Senate vote to break Byrd 's filibuster . In what could be called an eye for an "  aye , " terminally ill California Sen. Clair Engle , who was unable to speak , pointed to his eye to signal a "  Yes " vote to end debate on the bill and move to a final vote . 73-27 : The Senate vote that sent the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to President Lyndon Johnson 's desk for signature . 5 : The number of African-Americans serving in Congress at the time of the bill 's passage . 86 : Gap between black members of the Senate . Sen. Edward Brooke of Massachusetts became the third African-American senator in 1967 , 92 years after the second-ever black senator , Blanche Kelso Bruce , left in 1881 . 18 : The number of black representatives in Congress 10 years after the Civil Rights Act -- 13 more than in 1964 . 2 : A Democrat , New Jersey 's Cory Booker , and a Republican , South Carolina 's Tim Scott , are currently the only African-American members of the Senate . The 113th Congress is the first time there been more than one African-American U.S. senator in the same period . 5 : The disparity in percentage points between the proportion of African-Americans in Congress and in the U.S. population  13 %  . Just 8 % of all senators and representatives are African-American . 5 : The number of the six states that voted against Johnson in the 1964 election that were from the South . Johnson reportedly told an aide after signing the act , "  We have lost the South for a generation . " Kennedy had carried the popular vote in four of those states in 1960 . 32 % -12 % : The percentage of blacks who voted for the Republican presidential candidate in 1960 compared to 1980 . Just as many Southern whites moved away from the Democratic Party , the shifting political landscape also pushed blacks away from the Republican Party . Â 1/4 : The the percentage of African-American population living in poverty , compared to 11 % of whites living below the poverty line . 1 : Remaining members of Congress who voted on the Civil Rights Act . Rep. John Dingell , currently the longest-serving member of Congress , voted yes . 1964 Civil Rights Act Fast Facts What you might not know about the 1964 Civil Rights Act	Two original members of the Congressional Black Caucus remain in Congress Only one member of the current Congress voted for the Civil Rights Act of 1964 There are currently two African-American members of the U.S. Senate
Hugo Chavez , the man who built his powerful persona on a populist platform of sharing Venezuela 's vast oil wealth with the poor and disenfranchised , leaves his nation with a greater distribution of cash to the poor . But his death also leaves an economy in tatters , some analysts say , as the country had to step in and massively devalue its currency 30 % to the U.S. dollar last month . While the OPEC-member nation is sitting on the world 's largest oil reserves and is among the biggest oil exporters , oil production has declined . An influential leader with a mixed record Chavez built his political base in the barrios of Venezuela , and his pledge to share the wealth among the nation 's poorest is the strongest measure of his success during 14 years in office . The inequal distribution of wealth dropped to among the lowest in the Americas during his tenure . In 2011 , the Gini coefficient -- which measures income inequality -- was .39 , down from nearly .5 in 1998 , according to the CIA Factbook . That is behind only Canada in the Western Hemisphere . "  He 's made Venezuelans feel proud to be Venezuelan again . And that is something I think that really no other leader in that country has done there before -- in fact , they were doing the opposite , " Eva Golinger , a former Chavez advisor , told CNN . Chavez 's death draws sympathy , anger Those living below the poverty line fell to 36.3 % in 2006 from 50.4 % in 1998 , according to the World Bank , and infant mortality fell from 20.3 per thousand births when Chavez came to power , to 12.9 by 2011 . Education also became more accessible , with the number of children enrolled in secondary education rising from 48 % in 1999 to 72 % in 2010 , according to UNESCO figures . "  He has changed the lives dramatically of the majority of Venezuelans , he 's altered the country forever , his policies have reduced poverty more than half and have brought people out of dire circumstances  who  today enjoy a decent standard of living , " Golinger said . "  His policies have implemented widespread national healthcare for all Venezuelans fee of charge . " Chavez 's death leaves many questions But "  Chavismo " and his program of "  21st Century Socialism " have been bankrolled by the national energy company , Petróleos de Venezuela  PDVSA  . Critics say Chavez used the state oil company like a piggy bank for pet government project funding homes , healthcare and food while neglecting oil infrastructure and production . "  He is supporting social programs by bleeding the state oil company PDVSA , which accounts for 95 % of export revenues and 12 % of the GDP , " William Ratliff , a research fellow at the Hoover Institution , recently wrote . "  Chavez came into power in Venezuela promising the people that had been left on the margins and ignored by the political class in that country a new opportunity to participate in the economy , participate in the decision-making in the country , " said Roger Noriega , a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think tank . "  Unfortunately he 's destroyed the economy and centralized all power in his hands , decimated the democratic institutions in the country and left the Venezuelan democracy in even worse shape . " Under Chavismo , oil specialists were sacked and replaced by party loyalists , foreign oil contracts were radically altered or canceled , making investment in Venezuela risky business for international firms . "  These factors have really led to shortages in basic staples . So , Venezuelans for example suffer from a lack of in some cases , baby diapers , or flour , or corn meal , which is the basic daily dietary of the Venezuelan diet , so this is just an example of the distortions in the economy that have been a result of Chavismo , " Kathryn Rooney Vera of Bulltick Capital told CNN . Chavez leaves Venezuela saddled with high inflation -- 22.2 % year-on-year in January , according to the Central Bank of Venezuela After Chavez nationalized foreign-run oil fields , critics say oil production has slowed . "  Venezuela in 2008 was producing 3.2 million barrels per day . One of the most recent statistics I have shows Venezuela producing 2.5 million -- so that shows you a decrease of the last four to five years , " Vera said .	Chavez will be remembered for improving the wealth and political participation of the poor The inequal distribution of wealth dropped to the lowest in the Americas during his tenure While Venezuela has the world 's largest oil reserves , production dropped under Chavez Venezuela devalued its currency by 30 % last month and is saddled with high inflation
CNN  -- Wise men say to look before you leap . In Alaska , it 's advisable to look before you land . That 's because , in Alaska , where seaplanes are common , you just might land on a whale . Last week in tiny , remote Angoon , Thomas Hamm was shooting video of a seaplane coming in for a landing . It was a mundane scene in the island community that 's only accessible by boat or seaplane . The video starts out normal . But as the plane lowers , it 's clear something is different about this approach . "  All the sudden , the pilot advanced the throttle and I did n't know why . I thought , ` Oh something must be wrong , ' " Hamm told CNN . That something was a whale , a humpback , swimming just under the surface . For a moment , it appeared the whale and plane would collide . But the pilot pulled up , getting just enough lift to avoid the mammal . The plane landed safely seconds later . Later Hamm showed the pilot the video he shot . Hamm said the pilot told him he did n't notice the whale ; he reacted to the commotion on the shore . Guys were pointing and yelling . Right as the pilot pulled up , the whale breached , clearing his blowhole and drenching the plane 's windshield . That 's one way to make a splash . Jetliner diverts to Pacific atoll , mechanical glitch blamed Rare albino whale ` parades ' off Australian coast	The whale was swimming just under the surface It happened in tiny , remote Angoon
Oscar Pistorius did n't consciously pull the trigger the night he shot and killed his girlfriend , the sprinter testified at his murder trial Tuesday . The Olympic and Paralympic athlete said he was "  overcome with a sense of terror and vulnerability " before he shot through a closed bathroom door last year , fearing an intruder was inside . Defense attorney Barry Roux asked his client what he meant when he referred to the shooting as an "  accident . " "  I mean the situation , and the situation as a whole , it was n't meant to be , " Pistorius said . The double amputee said he was terrified when he heard the sound of the toilet door opening . "  I did n't think about pulling the trigger . As soon as I heard the noise , before I could think , I pulled the trigger , " he said . The testimony came after the prosecution ended five days of grueling cross-examination , which has seen the athlete break down on several occasions . Valentine 's Day card Pistorius cried and his voice trembled as prosecutor Gerrie Nel challenged his account of what happened the night he shot and killed his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . Nel asked who should be blamed for shooting his girlfriend on Valentine 's Day 2013 . "  I 'm not sure , my lady , " Pistorius said , directing his answer to the judge . He repeatedly said he feared for his life and thought there was an intruder in his bathroom . A day earlier , Pistorius testified , "  I blame myself for taking Reeva 's life . " He became emotional as he described finding his girlfriend slumped over by a toilet after shooting her through a closed bathroom door . "  I was saying , ` Baby hold on . Jesus , please help me , ' " he said Tuesday . Nel has accused Pistorius of "  tailoring " his version of events to suit his story . He questioned Pistorius on details after the shooting that the athlete said he does n't remember , such as what exactly he did with the gun immediately afterward and who connected his cell phone to a charger in the kitchen . The prosecution contends that Pistorius shot Steenkamp intentionally after a heated argument , which Pistorius has repeatedly denied . The defense ended its re-examination of Pistorius by giving the court a piece of evidence : the Valentine 's Day card that Steenkamp wrote to Pistorius . Pistorius read the card aloud . "  Roses are red , violets are blue , " he read , his voice cracking . "  I think today is a good day to tell you that I love you . " Gripping trial The defense called expert Roger Dixon as its next witness to take the stand at the Pretoria court . The forensic geologist was brought into the case to analyze the lighting conditions in Pistorius ' home , specifically the main bedroom and connected bathroom . The defense team will call 14 to 17 witnesses , Roux said when he opened his case . The trial is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . The trial has gripped South Africa and millions of sports fans around the world who saw Pistorius as a symbol of triumph over physical adversity . His disabled lower legs were amputated when he was a baby , but he went on to achieve global fame as the "  Blade Runner , " winning numerous Paralympic gold medals on the steel blades fitted to his prostheses . Only those in the courtroom saw Pistorius on the stand because he chose not to testify on camera . His testimony could be heard in an audio feed .	"  Before I could think , I pulled the trigger , " Oscar Pistorius says He reads the Valentine 's Day card that his girlfriend had written for him The prosecution is trying to prove Pistorius killed his girlfriend intentionally The double amputee insists that he mistook Reeva Steenkamp for an intruder
CNN  -- Kyrgyzstan 's president signed a bill Friday to close an air base that the U.S. military uses as a route for troops and supplies heading into Afghanistan , the president announced on his Web site . Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan serves as a U.S. supply route for troops and supplies into Afghanistan . The news came as two other central Asian nations -- Tajikistan and Uzbekistan -- reportedly agreed to let U.S. cargo pass through their countries on the way to Afghanistan . Such deals , if confirmed , could help fill the void left by the closing of the Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan . The Kyrgyz order became effective on Friday when President Kurmanbek Bakiyev reportedly signed legislation that the parliament in Bishkek backed on Thursday , the Pentagon said . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry on Friday officially notified the U.S. Embassy in Bishkek that a 180-day withdrawal process is under way . Embassy spokeswoman Michelle Yerkin told CNN the United States hopes to retain the base . Officials in Washington and Bishkek signed a deal three years ago allowing the United States to renew the arrangement annually through July 2011 . "  We do remain in contact with the government of Kyrgyzstan , " Yerkin said . "  The Manas Air Base continues to operate under existing agreements , as per the coalition 's efforts in Afghanistan . " U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Friday the United States will continue to work with Kyrgyzstan on keeping the base open . Watch why Kyrgyzstan wants to close the base " "  I continue to believe that this is not a closed issue and that there remains the potential at least to reopen this issue with the Kyrgyz and perhaps reach a new agreement , " Gates said at a NATO meeting in Krakow , Poland . "  If we are unable to do that on reasonable terms then , as I have suggested , we are developing alternative methods to get resupply and people into Afghanistan . " The Manas Air Base outside Bishkek is the only U.S. base in Central Asia and is a major resupply hub for the war in Afghanistan . Its closing could deal a significant blow to the U.S. military effort there , especially following President Barack Obama 's announcement of additional troops to halt a resurgence of the country 's former Taliban rulers . The United States pays $ 17.4 million a year to use Manas , a major logistical and refueling center that supports troops in Afghanistan , the Pentagon said . About 15,000 troops and 500 tons of cargo reportedly move through Manas monthly , it said . The air base currently employs more than 1,000 servicemen , 95 percent of whom are Americans , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported . "  This is an important facility , it has been an important facility , but it 's not irreplaceable and , if necessary , we will find other options , " Whitman said . How far is Manas from Afghanistan ? View our map " Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , two other Central Asian nations that border Afghanistan , have agreed to allow U.S. cargo to be transported to Afghanistan through their countries , the Russian news agency Interfax reported Friday . The agency said Rear Adm. Mark Harnitchek , U.S. transportation command director for strategy , policy , programs and logistics , held a meeting with Tajik Foreign Minister Kharokhon Zarifi , after which he said he had also secured Uzbekistan 's consent . A Tajik government statement said only that the two sides discussed the issue , but a spokesman for the Tajik foreign ministry told CNN that "  practically all issues " to allow U.S. cargo transit through the country have been resolved . If confirmed , success would still depend on how much access the United States would have to those countries for flights and cargo , and even then , it may not totally replace the capacity lost in Kyrgyzstan . U.S. General David Petraeus , who oversees the war in Afghanistan , was in Uzbekistan this week for talks on Afghanistan and other regional issues . A Pentagon spokesman told CNN that his discussions included the regional supply network into Afghanistan . The U.S. military leased a base in Uzbekistan after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . But after Uzbek troops were accused of killing at least 150 people during a demonstration in 2005 , the autocratic government of President Islam Karimov came under criticism from Washington and severed most of its military ties with the United States .	Tajikistan , Uzbekistan may allow U.S. military supplies heading to Afhanistan Kyrgyzstan president completes next step towards closure of U.S. base The U.S. says it 's still working with the country to keep the operation open The Manas base is used to transport key supplies and troops into Afghanistan
CNN  -- There is an old African proverb : "  If you want to walk fast , walk alone . But if you want to walk far , walk together . " That was the guiding principle behind the International Roundtable on China-Africa Health Cooperation this week in Gaborone , the capital of Botswana . This is the fourth such annual conference -- and the first to be held on African soil . The roundtable brought together Chinese and African health ministry officials , academics , members of the private sector , and representatives of such international organizations as the World Health Organization , Global Fund , Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , GAVI Alliance and United Nations entities . Over two days , we tackled such topics as malaria , AIDS , reproductive health , and schistosomiasis â $ " health issues that China has largely brought under control but remain major health challenges in Africa . China and the countries of Africa have much to unite them . We fought to free ourselves from colonialism ; we view health as a key building block for economic development ; and we are learning to build upon traditional economic development models that have allowed our societies to make progress . Sharing these values and history , we are pioneering a new South-to-South model based on mutual interests and respect . To be sure , there is a long history of China and Africa collaboration on health . In the 1960s , China began sending medical teams to the continent . More recently , China has built hospitals and medical centers in many African countries . China has also provided medical training to African health professionals and is building capacity in other ways , such as providing scholarships to train health experts . Going forward , we all foresee a stronger collaboration . Many African countries could benefit from low-cost , high-quality Chinese-made health products . China has made enormous strides in the manufacture of drugs , vaccines and other health products . It is the world 's largest producer of the active ingredients for malaria treatments and antiretroviral drugs against HIV/AIDS . China also makes implantable contraceptive devices that provide women with birth control for several years . China also makes simple and inexpensive rings allowing men to be circumcised , which can greatly reduce the risk of contracting HIV , without undergoing surgery . China can also provide refrigeration equipment and logistical support for the "  cold chains " needed to safely deliver many vaccines to remote communities . All these have great relevance to Africa . But collaboration is a two-way street . Participants at the meeting shared lessons learned in delivering health services to their people . Many countries , including Botswana and Zambia , have made enormous gains in preventing mother-to-child transmission of HIV , even in rural areas . China can learn much from this progress as it provides services to its remote communities . The relationship between China and Africa has of course been long and complex , and not without misunderstandings . Chinese investment in Africa has gained global attention because of its scale . Chinese-built roads , buildings , dams , airports , hospitals and railways are visible across the continent . So , too , are the tensions that have on occasion emerged due to different styles of management and communication . This is why these face-to-face meetings are so valuable . They pave the way for our long walk together . We are also grateful so many international organizations are joining us for this journey . They bring a wealth of experience working in both Africa and China and can help bridge many technical gaps that South-to-South collaboration can not address . The results of this partnership will be sustainable , African-owned solutions to many of the continent 's greatest health challenges . Of course , we still have far to walk before all people with AIDS , malaria and TB receive the treatments and dignity they deserve ; before all children are immunized ; before all women have access to safe and effective contraception ; and before neglected tropical diseases are eradicated forever . But , I am encouraged that we are walking together , and in the right direction . It 's only fair , since I opened with an African proverb , to close with a Chinese saying : "  Numerous grains of earth make a mountain ; numerous drops of water form an ocean . " As long as we keep advancing China-Africa cooperation , we will build those mountains , fill those oceans and provide all of our people with the sustainable health solutions they deserve .	4th International Roundtable on China-Africa Health Cooperation held in Botswana China and African countries have a lot of common history , health and economic challenges Long history of China and Africa collaborating on health initiatives Africa could benefit from low-cost , high-quality , Chinese-made health products . writes Dr. Lucy Chen
CNN  -- New junior federal prosecutors literally started in the basement of the U.S. courthouse in downtown Brooklyn . I moved into my subterranean office in January 1990 . A few weeks later , Loretta Lynch moved into her new digs down the hall . We were assistant U.S. attorneys in the Eastern District of New York , which covers Brooklyn , Queens , Staten Island and Long Island . The work of this U.S. attorney 's office is unglamorous , especially for new hires . Our jurisdiction included John F. International Kennedy Airport in Queens , so our introductory cases often involved low-level drug smuggling , especially the "  swallowers " who ingested condoms full of cocaine or heroin . Lynch thrived in that chaotic environment . And now , two-plus decades later , it looks like she will be the next attorney general of the United States . She has been U.S. attorney twice in the courthouse where she came up -- first under President Bill Clinton and currently under President Barack Obama . She is not a well-known figure , even in New York . She is a workhorse , not a show horse , and she has flourished doing the hard , ordinary work of federal prosecution -- narcotics cases , organized crime  always big in Brooklyn  , public corruption  ditto  and civil rights violations . Lynch has showed her strengths more as an administrator than as a courtroom performer . She always had good relations with the U.S. attorney 's "  clients " -- the FBI , Drug Enforcement Administration and other law enforcement agencies . Still , against heavy pressure from the New York police , she led a full investigation and prosecution of the horrible assault of Abner Louima by NYPD officers in 1997 . She is a tough and successful New Yorker , but she has also never forgotten her North Carolina roots . There is a Southern graciousness about her  and her accent  , and it will certainly be on display in any confirmation hearings . Two major questions loom over her prospective tenure as attorney general . First , will she continue the emphasis on voting rights that Eric Holder displayed ? The answer is almost certainly yes . Like Holder , she comes from the generation after the civil rights movement , but it is part of her DNA , and that will come through in her priorities . The more interesting question involves drugs . Holder moved carefully but steadily to reduce federal prosecutions of low-level narcotics offenses , especially marijuana . In addition , he started plans to lower the sentences of federal inmates who were convicted under those laws . Will Lynch continue these efforts ? She has no public track record on these policy issues , though she has aggressively prosecuted narcotics offenders in Brooklyn . This area offers a possible route for cooperation with some Republicans , like Sen. Rand Paul , who were sympathetic to Holder on this issue . In any event , one verdict is clear : Lynch has come a long way from that basement we shared .	Jeffrey Toobin , who worked with Loretta Lynch , says she thrived in chaotic U.S. court in Brooklyn She showed strength there more as administrator than courtroom performer , Toobin says He asks if she will keep Eric Holder 's voting rights ' emphasis if tapped as attorney general Toobin : And will she continue Holder 's efforts on reducing drug penalties ?
CNN Student News  -- November 18 , 2009 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Iran • Prague , Czech Republic • New Mexico Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News . First Up : Purple Heart AZUZ : First up , Congress considers a new bill that would make some soldiers eligible for the Purple Heart . Representative John Carter introduced the new legislation yesterday . The Fort Hood Army Post is located in his home district in Texas , and this bill is focused on the victims of the recent shooting there . The Purple Heart , first created in 1782 , is given to any U.S. service member who is wounded or killed while serving in action against an enemy or in a terrorist attack . Representative Carter says the Fort Hood victims deserve the Purple Heart because he considers the shooting to be an enemy attack . Asia Trip AZUZ : China has a big role on the international scene . The country is a major part of the talks about North Korea 's controversial nuclear program , and it holds one of the five permanent seats on the U.N. Security Council . Ed Henry fills us in on what happened when President Obama met with Chinese President Hu Jintao yesterday . BEGIN VIDEO HENRY : In Beijing 's bitter cold , President Obama was all about showcasing a new warmth with China as he toured the historic Forbidden City and its Hall of Supreme Harmony . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : It 's beautiful . What a magnificent place to visit . HENRY : By the end of this week , Mr. Obama will have visited 20 nations , the most in the first year of any American president , though he told Chinese President Hu Jintao in the ornate Great Hall of the People their relationship may be most pivotal of all . OBAMA : In this young century , the jobs we do , the prosperity we build , the environment we protect , the security that we seek , all these things are shared . HENRY : It was not , however , all sweetness and light . While Mr. Obama avoided a meeting with the Dalai Lama in Washington last month to not ruffle feathers before this visit , here in Beijing , he gently but publicly pushed the Chinese to cool tensions with the Tibetan spiritual leader . OBAMA : While we recognize that Tibet is part of the People 's Republic of China , the United States supports the early resumption of dialogue between the Chinese government and representatives of the Dalai Lama to resolve any concerns and differences that the two sides may have . HENRY : And while they spoke of broad economic cooperation , Hu slapped at the U.S. for recently hitting Chinese tires and steel with new levies . PRESIDENT HU JINTAO , CHINA -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : Our two countries need to oppose and reject protectionism and all its manifestations in an even stronger stand . HENRY : But the world 's two biggest emitters of greenhouse gases vowed to work together to get concrete action on climate change at a summit next month in Copenhagen . OBAMA : An accord that covers all of the issues in the negotiations and one that has immediate operational affect . This kind of comprehensive agreement would be an important step forward in the effort to rally the world around a solution to our climate challenge . HENRY : But the Chinese president stopped far short of endorsing tough new sanctions against Iran , though both sides are pledging cooperation to stop North Korea 's nuclear program just a couple of days before Mr. Obama visits South Korea , the final stop on this long Asian journey . Ed Henry , CNN , Beijing . END VIDEO Nuclear Concerns AZUZ : All right , Mr. Henry there mentioned Iran 's nuclear program . That includes a facility that was made public just recently . A new report from the International Atomic Energy Agency says the fact Iran kept the facility a secret brings up some serious questions . For example , are there other facilities Iran has n't made public ? Under a previous agreement , the country is required to tell the energy agency about them . Iran says its nuclear program only has peaceful purposes ; other countries believe Iran may be trying to build a nuclear weapon . That is why the U.S. is concerned about the program and why it is making this : a massive ordinance penetrator . This is a 30,000-pound bomb that could blast through 60 feet of concrete and potentially damage underground weapons factories . The military says it 's building the bomb ; it does n't have any immediate plans to use it . Shoutout MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What is the name of the student-led demonstration that took place in Prague in November 1989 ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Was it the : A  Cultural Revolution , B  Boxer Rebellion , C  Velvet Revolution or D  Industrial Revolution ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Velvet Revolution took place about a week after the fall of the Berlin Wall . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Velvet Revolution AZUZ : Thousands of marchers went out in Prague yesterday , celebrating the 20th anniversary of the peaceful uprising . It looked something like it did in 1989 , when citizens of Czechoslovakia demonstrated against the country 's communist government and eventually helped to bring it to an end . Czechoslovakia would later split into two countries : the Czech Republic and Slovakia . Musicians and other artists played major roles in the Velvet Revolution , and yesterday 's rallies in Prague wrapped up with a massive concert . Blog Report AZUZ : How do you feel about the government 's decision to try five suspected 9/11 terrorists in a New York civilian court instead of a military tribunal ? Monday 's show at CNNStudentNews.com has a refresher if you need it . Sara believes the suspects should be tried in a military court . "  They are not U.S. citizens and should not be entitled to the same privileges . They would still be given a fair trial , " she says . "  The wounds from 9/11 run deep , " Kreven says , "  and by bringing these suspects back to New York , it would re-open some of these harsh wounds . " From Nicole : "  Bringing them to America shows that we are giving them a fair trial ... it 's important to give them the same justice that 's given to everyone . " And Billy does n't think it matters where they 're tried , just as long as they get tried . He thinks they should 've gone to trial years ago . The government 's decision , not a popular one : In a recent CNN poll , 64 percent said that confessed 9/11 planner Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- one of the suspects -- should be tried in a military tribunal , not a civilian court . Rebirth of Space AZUZ : NASA is n't going anywhere , but its space shuttle program is about to be a thing of the past . It 's scheduled to end next year . The future of space travel will include private companies that could take you on a trip out of this world . One business has already sold 200 tickets for $ 200,000 a each ! Do n't know where you 're going to get that , but Bill Tucker takes us to New Mexico for a look at what could be America 's launch pad . BEGIN VIDEO BILL TUCKER , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Out here in the vast desert of southern New Mexico is where America 's space program was born with pioneers like Joe Kitinger and Robert Goddard . And it is here that some believe it is being reborn . New Mexico is investing almost $ 300 million in a project known as Spaceport America , an airport for commercial space exploration . STEVE LANDEENE , EXEC . DIRECTOR , SPACEPORT AMERICA : It 's about being visionary , and I think of the state of New Mexico back from the early days of Goddard , Von Braun , Kitinger , space has always been in the mainstream of what New Mexico is all about . And this is just one more step . TUCKER : Virgin Galactic will use Spaceport America to launch its space tourism business , offering wealthy clients rides into spaces , carried aloft by the White Knight II . Virgin Galactic is the largest private partner in this futuristic and futuristic-looking venture in the desert , committing more than $ 200 million in technological development . The project broke ground in June ; construction contracts have been awarded . Over the next year and a half , the state expects construction will provide between 400 and 600 jobs in the middle of nowhere . In this field where there is nothing but grassland , cactus and mesquite bushes , a year from now there will be a runway , 10,000 feet by 200 feet , with the spaceport hangar located just over there . Virgin Galactic is attention-getting , the headline grabbing stuff . But space tourist rides are still a couple of years away . Small entrepreneurial companies are already busy changing the face of space exploration . JERRY LARSON , UP AEROSPACE : I think any time you get entrepreneurs getting into the space business or any business , actually , you 'll see some real innovation , because entrepreneurs and companies have to make money with it . So , that 's what 's exciting about this . You start to see small companies like mine that are actually in this business for money . TUCKER : His company is Up Aerospace , providing low-cost launch facilities at the spaceport to clients like Moog FTS , a company involved in space research and manufacturing . His launch costs are one-tenth of those of a standard facility , and there 's a fast turnaround time between launches . Which means engineers like Ray Nielson can get away from their desk and on to the launch pad . RAY NIELSEN , MOOG INDUSTRIES : That 's huge . So , if you can do ten of these vehicles for what it costs to do one mission on a sophisticated military test range , it 's an amazing simplification of your life , just to go out quickly , get the data you need , build another one and try it again . TUCKER : Up Aerospace is just one of several small companies with big ambitions and dreams . Lockheed Martin is one of the not-so-small names at Spaceport America . Bill Tucker , Spaceport America , New Mexico . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Okay , before we go , anyone pondering whether cardboard can float , here 's your answer . All it takes is sealing up the cardboard with 16 rolls of duct tape . Then yar , she be a fine ' sea-goin ' vessel . This is actually a part of a science class at a school in Connecticut where students race their boats across the school pond . The "  Titanium Rubber Duck " came in first place . But the paddlers did n't celebrate too quickly . Goodbye AZUZ : 'Cause after all , they did n't want to go overboard in their excitement . Man . CNN Student News sets sail again tomorrow . See you then .	Consider what was said in a meeting between the U.S. and Chinese leaders Hear how some Czechs marked the 20th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution Launch into the plans for a civilian spaceport in the New Mexico desert Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- A teenager who only picked up sailing to keep out of mischief while her mother worked at a yacht club has become a sporting success story in Mozambique . Maria Mabjaia , 14 , won the bronze medal in the women 's laser radial sailing event at the All-Africa Games last year , and was subsequently named Sports Person of the Year at her country 's sports awards . Her rapid success has seen her travel as far away as Australia and New Zealand to sail in tournaments -- a far cry from the humble village of Maracuene Bolaza , from which Maria regularly makes the 40km trip to train at the Maputo Marine Club . Despite being blessed with thousands of kilometers of coastline , sailing is not a common pastime in Mozambique , a former Portuguese colony is south east Africa . Although she loves the sea , it is likely Maria would never have learned to sail were it not for the fact her mother , also named Maria , worked at the yacht club . Read also : Artist creates objects of beauty from instruments of death "  I took her there to have fun , to stop her from staying home and just sleeping all the time , " said her mother . "  I did not expect anything -- what I intended to do was keep her away from mischief . Thank God she got to where she is . " Maria 's specialty is sailing Optimists -- small yachts typically used by young people to learn to sail . She picked up the skill so quickly due to her dedication to training , she said -- a disciplined approach enforced by her mother . "  She does not let me miss practice , " said Maria . "  If you do not miss practice , those who are experienced miss practice and get weaker . " Decio Muianga , one of the club 's directors , said Maria had become a national cause celebre following her unexpected success at September 's All-Africa Games , held in Mozambique . "  Everyone reacted -- everyone was surprised . She was just 13 years old . No one was expecting a girl coming from a poor background to get a medal , " he said . "  Some of the sailors had been competing for five years , and Maria only had a year and half of training , and she managed to get to the medals . This was the surprise of the All-Africa Games . " Watch also : Maputo 's changing skyline Her composure under pressure had played a large part in her success , he said . "  Maria does n't feel the pressure when she has to do something , " he said . "  The other kids felt the pressure because there were another 13 countries racing for the medal . " Muianga said the club 's membership used to be mostly made up of foreigners -- diplomats and development workers -- but it had been actively pursuing an outreach program to engage more young people in sailing . While many of the new recruits came from disadvantaged backgrounds , the club would cover the fees of the most promising , in the hope they would act as ambassadors for sailing . Maria 's rapid success would go a long way to attracting other young Mozambicans to the sport , he said . "  For the normal citizens of Maputo , when they look to this club , they always think this is a fancy club , " he said . "  Normally sailing clubs are like golf clubs , they 're for rich people . But we 're slowly changing this perception . "	Maria Mabjaia 's bronze sailing medal was one of the surprises of the All-Africa Games The 14-year-old only learned to sail because her mother worked at a yacht club Her story is inspiring other Mozambicans from modest backgrounds to sail
CNN  -- Being diagnosed with a chronic disease -- any disease -- is hard . But imagine first spending months or years going from doctor to doctor , trying to figure out what 's wrong . Then , in the end , being diagnosed with a disease few people have ever heard of . Now think about all that happening when you 're just a kid . Nearly 30 million people in the United States have a rare disease . What qualifies something as a rare ? It 's a specific disease or disorder that affects fewer than 200,000 Americans , according to the National Institutes of Health 's Office of Rare Diseases Research . Scientists have identified more than 6,800 of these diseases worldwide . In honor of Rare Disease Day , CNN asked readers to submit their stories . We were inspired by these children living with rare diseases . They endure stares , disbelief and debilitating symptoms as they find joy in life 's simple pleasures . Here are a few of their stories : Mitochondrial myopathy The fact that Sam Brinneman , 16 , is alive and well is inspiring all on its own , says his mom , Chris . The Brinnemans knew something was wrong within days of Sam 's birth -- he had a weak cry , was n't nursing well and was "  floppy , " Chris says . It took three years for doctors to diagnose Sam with mitochondrial myopathy . Since then , Sam has exceeded everyone 's expectations . He 's currently a sophomore at a rigorous college-prep high school in Fort Wayne , Indiana . He participates on the school 's speech team and in architecture club . Last year he was the state 's Goodwill Ambassador for the Muscular Dystrophy Association . "  He was so deathly ill at times as an infant and toddler , that he constantly amazes me with his abilities , " Chris said . "  The thing that makes me most proud is the fact that he teaches acceptance wherever he goes . Because he is so open about his disease and so willing to share , he has rarely -- next to never -- been teased by his peers . " Sam struggles on a daily basis to get enough calories for optimal nutrition . He wears a breathing machine to bed to treat his sleep apnea . His parents are diligent about keeping him away from sick people , as his immune system is weak . Yet Sam never uses his disease as an excuse , his mom says . "  He has spoken with groups of all sizes , spreading the message about  mitochondrial diseases  , including the need for quicker diagnosis , the need for treatment and the hope for a cure . " Read more about Sam 's story on iReport Cyclic vomiting syndrome "  I never expected my little girl to have to fight a battle with a foe she could n't see , " Tricia Andersen said . But when her daughter , Ali , was 13 months old , she started throwing up and could n't stop . For a day and a half , Tricia watched as Ali retched painfully and was admitted to the hospital for dehydration . When she was discharged the vomiting episodes continued -- every three weeks like clockwork . After a year of doctors ' visits , Ali was finally diagnosed with cyclic vomiting syndrome . It took the family another six months and a trip to another state to find a medication combination that would work to ease her symptoms . Even then , she was hospitalized half a dozen times by the time she was 9 . Ali is now 11 years old , and does n't let CVS dictate her life , Tricia says . She does robotics at school , plays basketball and participates in several track and field events , even though she has to wear an ice vest to keep her body temperature from getting too high . "  She gets involved with the activities that make her happy , " her mom said . " -LSB- This -RSB- allows her to be a ` normal ' kid despite having a chronic illness . Having CVS is a part of her life , not what controls it . " Read more about Ali 's story on iReport Cutaneous mastocytosis When Kellie and Josh Ewell saw their baby , Gage , for the first time , they were shocked . "  His sweet body -LSB- was -RSB- covered from the tip of his head to the soles of his feet with blisters , hives , knots , and raw places where the blisters had come open , " Kellie wrote on iReport . "  His skin the texture of an orange and fire-engine red . " Gage , now 2 , has pediatric diffuse cutaneous mastocystosis . An overabundance of mast cells in his body causes severe allergic reactions to just about everything . His skin turns purple , he struggles to breathe and his parents can only watch as he tears at his skin , trying to find some relief . He is in constant pain , Kellie says . Despite his illness , Gage is "  a little boy anxious to learn and explore the world , " his mom said . He loves people , laughing , playing outside and with the family boxer , Colt . He has never known a life without itching , aches or pains , but does n't let that stop him . "  I want him to be anything that he wants to be and go after any dream that he has , " Kellie said . "  I never want him to hold back out of fear of what might happen . " Read more about Gage 's story on iReport Arthrogryposis multiplex congenita Kailen Carpenter is a ladies ' man . The 12-year-old learned early that women love to help him with things like carrying his lunch tray or holding his hand as he climbs steps -- and takes full advantage of their companionship . Kailen was diagnosed with arthrogryposis multiplex congenita , a condition that affects joint movement , shortly after birth . The condition was caused by his cramped quarters next to his twin in utero , his mom Kayawna says . His arms are locked in a straight position . He can not bend his arms to put on his clothes , use a knife and fork , comb his hair or touch his face . Yet he teaches everyone around him the meaning of perseverance , she says . He 's also a terrific dancer and a nearly straight-A student . "  This is an able-bodied world , and people like me have to learn how to live in it , " Kailen said . "  I ca n't move like you do , but I hold my own ...  People  should take every day and live it like you 're awesome . I do . " Read more about Kailen 's story on iReport Leukodystrophy MRI scans of Ryan Wright 's brain show he has the white matter of a 6-month-old baby . Yet he speaks in five - to six-word sentences , rides his bike and goes to preschool . Ryan is 4 years old . He was recently diagnosed with a rare form of leukodystrophy , a progressive genetic disorder that affects the development of myelin in his brain . Myelin is fatty tissue that protects the brain 's nerve fibers . The disorder affects Ryan 's balance and muscle strength , and causes hand and eye tremors . His parents try to keep his life as normal as possible in between therapy sessions . He sees an eye doctor every three months , and a neurologist and geneticist every six months . "  It is very hard to tell the prognosis for children with leukodystrophy , " his mom , Tricia , said . "  Some children stay the same for the rest of their lives , some children decline fast , and some children decline slow . " Ryan never gives up , Tricia says , and is fiercely independent . His geneticist says these traits will keep Ryan healthy longer . Read more about Ryan 's story on iReport Juvenile dermatomyositis Tristan Coffey is 5 years old . In July , he developed a mysterious rash on his hands . Three months later , he was diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis , a rare autoimmune disorder . His immune system is attacking itself , causing painful inflammation in his joints , muscles and internal organs . The Coffeys call it the "  invisible illness " because except for the rashes on Tristan 's hands and feet , there is little obvious to the eye . "  Everyone looks at him and says ` Oh , he looks so great , ' but they ca n't see his body attacking his heart , or his liver , or his veins , or his muscles , " his mom Brianna said . "  They ca n't see how much he is in the hospital , all that he endures , all the treatments . " Juvenile dermatomyositis is treatable , but not curable . Tristan takes 11 to 14 medications a day . He has a catheter port in his chest for weekly steroid infusions and monthly IVIg therapy . These medications cause huge mood swings , and limit Tristan 's ability to be outdoors in the sun . Despite all this , Tristan is always first in line to play soccer and at the playground with his friends . He 's also one of the funniest kids you 'll ever meet , Brianna says . "  He will always light up a room , the hospital , the grocery store -- wherever we may be . " He 's also super sensitive to other people 's feelings , she says . "  Occasionally he will catch me crying . He will put his little hands on my cheeks and wipe away my tears and say "  Mom , I just love you and I 'm going to be OK . Do n't cry , Mom . " Read more about Tristan 's story on iReport	Rare Disease Day is held on the last day of February each year CNN asked readers to share their stories about living with a rare disease Families shared stories of perseverance and hope , despite illness
CNN  -- Sweden is having a very good year ... in America . Anticipation is building for the film version of journalist Stieg Larsson 's immensely popular book "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo "  due in theaters in December  , Stockholm-based streaming service Spotify just launched last month in the United States to acclaim from tech blogs , and branches of Swedish discount store H&M are opening in malls across America with their winning formula of designer duds at bargain basement prices  the first Texas outpost of the chain debuted last week in Dallas  . But the way the Nordic nation is most influencing America this year is via several stellar singer/songwriters who are resonating with fans in a way not seen in the United States since acts like Ace of Base and Roxette ruled the airwaves and MTV . Today , the names to know are Robyn , Lykke Li and Swedish House Mafia , all of whom have suddenly moved beyond cult status and crept into the mainstream , selling out shows and popping up on some of the largest radio stations in America . The United States ' embrace of Sweden this year has pleased one artist , Robyn , who has taken the proverbial long road to success over the past 15 years or so . "  I have been touring this record since May 2010 to continue what I started with the last album , " she said after an appearance on "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " earlier this month . "  I wanted to build my audience in the U.S. in an organic way . It seems to work , although it 's very hard for me to say why . ... I hope it 's because the music is good . " For the humble performer , who is known for her quirky outfits and earnest delivery devoid of pop star artifice , being Swedish is paramount to her personality , and by extension , her music . "  Because of where we are geographically , we probably see ourselves as outsiders , " she explained when asked why Sweden seems to produce so many interesting artists who are winning fans across multiple genres of music at the moment . "  We consume and are fascinated by Anglo-American culture , and I think that has made it possible for us to make music that makes sense in the big world as well , " she added . Proof of Robyn 's assertion could be found at Gothenburg 's Way Out West festival earlier this month , where progressive bookers reportedly laid out more than $ 2 million to land names such as Prince and Kanye West to play alongside homegrown talents such as Säkert and Robyn as a cross-pollination experiment -- providing a heady mélange of influences that thrilled and will likely inspire young Swedes who are already avid fans of rappers such as West as well as more traditional songwriters . Just as Swedes are interested in uniquely American artists like Prince , so too are Americans becoming curious about quintessentially Swedish names such as Robyn . The singer topped many critics ' Top 10 lists last year with her "  Body Talk " series , which is still selling slowly , though steadily , this year as the passionate 32-year-old keeps converting new fans via video releases on YouTube and buzzed-about live shows . But it 's not just Robyn cutting deep into the hearts of U.S. music fans . Lykke Li has seen surprising success abroad with a different sound that is proving no less appealing to many . The singer recently sold out shows at Los Angeles ' Greek Theater and New York 's Summerstage and has received airplay on influential rock station KROQ and elsewhere . Her new record , "  Wounded Rhymes , " has so far sold around 62,000 copies , per Nielsen SoundScan , and is tipped as one to top many critical Top 10 lists this year . In the indie rock world , where acts from Stockholm 's ripe experimental pop scene have long been championed , names such as Peter , Bjorn & John , Little Radio and The Teddybears continue to excite adventurous music consumers . However , it 's dance music where Sweden has truly left its mark recently , and 2011 is proving a banner year for Swedish DJs such as Avicii , Swedish House Mafia and Dada Life -- all of whom are connecting with young fans of house music who flock to festivals such as Las Vegas ' massive Electric Daisy Carnival . The DJs spotlight sweeping , optimistic anthems that pulse with confidence and aspire outward with an escapist sound big enough to fill any void in a globally depressed economy . "  It 's so cold in Sweden and there 's nothing much to do ... a lot of us dream of getting out , " said Avicii , aka Tim Bergling , after a set in Europe where the 21-year-old played to a crowd of around 25,000 people . "  We see the success of people like Swedish House Mafia and it 's an inspiration . " It 's that success of Swedes abroad that seems to be the key to why Sweden outperforms its Scandinavian neighbors in the music industry . Despite a wealth of talent from countries such as Denmark , Finland and Norway , it 's only Sweden that has numerous blogs such as New York 's The Swede Beat and Chicago 's Swedesplease obsessively tracking new music from the Nordic nation . Swedish influences are being felt in America in major U.S cities such as Los Angeles , which boasts bands aping the "  Swedish sound . " Southern California , in fact , has long been connected to Stockholm in music circles , and the cities are only getting closer . Swedish producers living and working in L.A. , such as Max Martin  who has penned hits for artists such as Britney Spears and plans a permanent move to L.A. this fall with his family  and Red One  Lady Gaga  , have helped craft a sound that has all but taken over urban and pop radio formats in the United States . When labels or managers need an uplifting hit , Swedes often get the call . So what 's the secret that 's made Sweden a virtual hit factory since the days of ABBA ? The reasons are myriad , but Malmö-born , L.A.-based producer/songwriter Tobias Karlsson has a few ideas . "  There 's more focus on melody in Sweden , " said the co-founder of music-licensing company Thunderhoney . "  Sweden has a very strong folk music tradition spanning back 800 years at least which is almost all melody driven , " continued the producer , who is fresh off work on a Carolina Liar record . Robyn echoed the sentiment . "  Swedish folk music is so melancholic and melodious and I seem to find those qualities in Swedish modern music as well , " she said . "  A lot of countries do n't have that melody tradition , but us Swedes are pretty crafty . ... We like to engineer and make sure everything is perfect , " Karlsson said . For music lovers in America , that quixotic quest for melodic pop perfection has not gone unnoticed in 2011 .	Swedish influences are being felt in America in major U.S cities such as Los Angeles Swedish acts like Ace of Base and Roxette ruled the airwaves and MTV some time ago Today , the names to know are Robyn , Lykke Li and Swedish House Mafia
CNN  -- Roma romped to a third successive league win on Sunday to close the gap with league leaders Juventus to six points . Cote d'Ivoire striker Gervinho provided the attacking flair with a goal and an assist as Serie A 's second placed side won 3-1 on the road at Hellas Verona . Reigning champions Juve could only draw 1-1 with Lazio in the Stadio Olimpico on Saturday and Rudi Garcia 's side made the most of the slip . Adam Ljajic opened the scoring on the stroke of halftime tapping in Gervinho 's cutback , but it was n't long before Verona were back on level terms as Emil Hallfredsson slotted home four minutes after the break . Former Arsenal striker Gervinho put Roma back in front on the hour mark drilling a low shot through a crowd of players before Francesco Totti guaranteed all three points -- the veteran midfielder putting away a 83rd minute penalty following a foul on Greek international Vasileios Torosidis . Roma , whose only league defeat this season came against Juventus at the beginning of the month , now have 50 points while Antonio Conte 's side have 56 . The Turin-based team also have a potentially tricky league match next weekend against Inter who played out a goalless draw against bottom-of-the-table Catania at the San Siro on Sunday . Walter Mazzarri 's side will be desperate to reinvigorate a season which has been stuttering along since the end of November -- their last nine league games yielding just eight points . In Sunday 's other games , city rivals AC Milan recorded back-to-back league wins for the first time this season with a 2-1 at Cagliari . The result nudges them up the table to ninth with 28 points , four behind Torino who beat Atalanta 1-0 . Elsewhere , Sampdoria and Bologna drew 1-1 , but there were more positive results for struggling Livorno and Parma . Second-from bottom Livorno 's 3-1 against Sassuolo was their first since the beginning of November while Parma 's 1-0 win moves them up to seventh with 32 points . Meanwhile in the two Bundesliga fixtures played Sunday , mid-table Werder Bremen drew 0-0 with bottom side Braunschweig while Schalke are up to fifth on 31 points after beating 16th place Hamburg 3-0 .	Roma record a 3-1 against Hellas Verona to move to within six points of leaders Juventus AC Milan record back-to-back wins for the first time this season with a 2-1 win against Cagliari City rivals Inter , who play Juventus next weekend , played out a goalless draw at Catania
Berlin  CNN  Fans and film critics battled to be the dominant voice at the international premiere of "  Fifty Shades of Grey " in Berlin Wednesday night -- and it was the unrestrained exuberance of the fans that won the day . The scene was apparently different at the two press screenings earlier in the day , after which many critics were eager to pour out their abhorrence -- not at the movie 's sado-masochistic sex scenes but to the causes of greater offense in the critical mind -- script , plot and performance . Some traumatized refugees of these screenings stood alongside me at the red carpet outside Berlin 's swanky Zoo Palast cinema , awaiting the arrival of the stars for the film 's international premiere . Their sense of outrage had not been cooled by the chilly evening air . "  It was Fifty Shades of sh*t ! " exclaimed one appalled journalist . But on the other side of the carpet a different story was playing out . Several hundred fans huddled together for warmth , spurred on by a shared devotion to the books of E.L. James and the anticipation of catching an eyeful of Jamie Dornan , the handsome actor who plays her bondage-loving billionaire , Christian Grey . They had come from Germany , of course , but as far afield as the United States . A man from Uruguay was in attendance with his wife and daughter . Had he read the book ? "  I read some of it , " he told me rather sheepishly , "  but then I gave it back to my wife . She loves it and my daughter does too . " Male opinion was relatively hard to find among a crowd in which women outnumbered men by about 20-1 . Some fans had come along as couples , revealing different approaches to "  Fifty Shades . " "  I 'm Fifty Shades of sex , " offered a young German man , to which his girlfriend countered : "  And I am Fifty Shades of romance . " Meanwhile , a few hundred miles away in the UK , London firefighters are anticipating an increase in call-outs when the film hits general release in a few days . London Fire Brigade says it is "  concerned " that the event could lead to a "  spike " in people being trapped in handcuffs or genital rings . Pandemonium broke out when the stars arrived , as fans went into ecstasy at first sight of their heroes . The camera crews and reporters bawled out equally hysterically , not in delight but frustration as the enormous entourage of minders and PR managers accompanying the cast obscured all but a glimpse of them . Scuffles broke out between camera crews defending their inadequately-allocated space . I was wedged between a sharp piece of camera equipment from a rival broadcaster to my left and my CNN colleague to the right -- and it was he who inadvertently provided the most jarring moment of the evening , catching me full in the face with the back of his camera as he gamely fought to hold the line against a brute on a stepladder . Not journalism 's finest hour , perhaps . For Dornan and Dakota Johnson , who plays submissive Anastasia Steele to Dornan 's dominant Grey , it 's been a long road from the film 's notorious bondage dungeon , the "  Red Room of Pain , " to the red carpet . Having been virtually gagged from discussing the movie for almost a year since filming ended , both seemed relieved to be able to talk about the film . Dornan addressed the mayhem surrounding him . "  We knew how many people read the books and how many cared about the film and we were kinda ready for this in a way , I 'm not shocked , I mean it 's a little bit shocking but I was aware there 'd be a lot of heat , so this is kinda mad . " The "  Fifty Shades " books have sold over 100 million copies worldwide and been translated into more than 50 languages -- the film 's forthcoming Valentines Day release is this year 's hot ticket . But it 's not everyone 's idea of pleasure . Voices have been raised in concern that the film could be seen as glamorizing domestic violence . That was denied by the film-makers on the carpet . Director Sam Taylor-Johnson told me : "  I think they have n't seen the movie because I feel like I empower this woman and I give her the final word and the message is very strong and the message is really ` No , ' when someone crosses the line , so I 'm really hoping that people wo n't feel that , of course , and that they 'll see it very differently . " Her leading lady Dakota Johnson agreed . "  Everything that Anastasia does , it 's completely her choice and consensual and no person is abused in the movie and I think it 's kind of a closed-minded outlook  to say it glamorizes domestic violence  . " Author and director are reported to have indulged in a few verbal lashings on-set but their creative partnership could tie them together for several more years with unofficial reports of sequels in the works . Could Taylor-Johnson make those reports official ? "  It 's not official , no , but they are waiting to see how this does , so you can imagine it might do well enough for them to consider it . " At the box office , first signs indicate that it might indeed do well . Some online ticket sites have reported record advance sales for an R-rated movie , with a $ 60 million opening weekend predicted . It will likely fare less well with most critics . During the screening which followed the red carpet there were several muted expressions of derision but they were more than matched by applause . Unscheduled moments of laughter punctuated Grey 's post-coital visits to the piano but there were also moments of well-crafted mirth , notably a scene in which Christian and Anastasia sit at opposite ends of a business meeting room table and discuss the contract intended to govern their relationship . A series of kinky clauses are discussed with admirably straight faces as Ana instructs Christian to strike out those concerning some more extreme sexual acts . It 's one of several scenes which support Taylor-Johnson 's claim to have empowered her heroine . Dakota Johnson 's Anastasia may not hold the key to the cuffs but she does hold the key to the relationship and what she may or may not consent to . The sex scenes account for little more than ten minutes in a film approaching two hours and I 'd be surprised if many considered them shocking . One scene involving the erotic deployment of an ice cube could have been cut straight out of "  9 1/2 Weeks , " that other notorious S&M movie which starred Kim Basinger and Mickey Rourke , whose character would have kicked Christian Grey 's butt . We do get to see the Grey butt in action , but no full-frontal nudity , a modesty which is not afforded to Dakota Johnson . Sure it has its cheesy moments and its flaws -- but it 's not aimed at winning Best Picture .  "  American Sniper " on the other hand won a nomination despite its shockingly obvious fake baby scene  . Just as the books have been derided for literary inadequacies there 's plenty here to allow critics to take pot-shots . But if you 're a fan of the books , chances are you may well love it . And when a movie becomes an "  event movie , " drawing crowds in vast numbers for a fun night out , the cheers of "  Fifty Shades " fans may effectively pop a gag into the mouth of the most po-faced critic .	Hyped movie "  Fifty Shades of Grey " premiered Wednesday at Berlin Film Festival Critics were derisive , but unrestrained exuberance of fans won the day Filmmakers denied critics ' assertion that film glamorized sexual violence Director Sam Taylor-Johnson : "  I feel like I empower this woman "
Guy , Arkansas  CNN  -- Things are still shaking in Arkansas . More than 500 measurable earthquakes have been reported in central Arkansas since September 20 , ranging in magnitude from a barely noticeable 1.8 to a very noticeable 4.0  recorded on October 11  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Geologists ca n't say whether they 'll stop anytime soon . Steve Wilson is looking forward to the quakes going away , he said . "  In the beginning , it was fun , it was neat , it was a cool thing to experience . But now we 're wanting it to go away , " said Wilson , assistant superintendent at Woolly Hallow State Park . "  We 've had all the fun we want . " Although drilling for natural gas has been ruled out as a cause for the quakes , experts want to continue looking at salt water disposal wells , said Scott Ausbrooks , geohazards supervisor for the Geological Survey . Disposal wells occur when drilling waster is injected back into the earth after drilling . Earlier this month , the Arkansas Oil and Gas commission issued an emergency moratorium on permits for new disposal wells . The commission will ask for a six-month extension for the moratorium at a January regulatory meeting . The state also will soon become one of a few to require companies to disclose the chemicals used in fracking fluid , the water-and-chemical solution used in high-pressure drilling operations , said Shane Khoury , deputy director and general counsel for the Arkansas Oil and Gas Commission . "  I think everyone recognizes that there is an increased number of seismic events occurring in and around this area . If you look at the maps , at least circumstantially , there appears to be evidence that they may be related to disposal operations , " said Khoury . "  But we also know that this is an area that is historically active . " Meanwhile , Sam Higdon , the mayor of Guy , says the quakes ' novelty is worn out . "  I think everyone just kind of figures maybe it 'll just go away , " he said . "  And that 's what we 're all hoping . "	More than 500 earthquakes have been recorded in Arkansas in the past few weeks Geologists want to investigate salt water disposal wells related to natural gas drilling "  In the beginning ... it was neat . ... But now we 're wanting it to go away "
CNN  -- She 'll never forget the day her 17-year-old son , John , asked her permission to enlist in the U.S. military . "  Mom , I owe this to my country . " Samantha Schroeder of Chester , Maryland , worries about her 19-year-old son , John , who is deploying to Iraq . Now , at age 19 , her son is a Marine preparing to deploy to Iraq . "  He does n't care if you do or do n't understand his choice ; he is n't concerned with political views , religion or race . His greatest concern is doing the job he is asked to do with skill and pride , protecting those abroad and at home and standing up to the standards he has set for himself , " Samantha Schroeder said . iReporters shared an array of stories about how the Iraq war has affected them over the past five years . One man said he met his wife , a fellow service member , while serving in Iraq . Others described the pain of having fathers so far away , especially when new children are born . Some military wives said they often keep their true feelings to themselves , fearing that they would affect their husbands ' morale in the field . See photos , hear stories of sacrifice " Below are a selection of responses from iReporters , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Angela Fritz of Fort Hood , Texas "  Having -LSB- my husband -RSB- gone is the worst kind of pain . It is the burden I chose to bear but am not happy to . On the outside , I have to stand strong . I have to support my country and my husband , regardless of what I feel . That is the Army way . I am so proud of him for having the courage to step up and serve his country . On the inside , I am angry and worn thin . Of course , I want my husband home , but it 's so much more than that now . " Samantha Schroeder of Chester , Maryland "  I am the mother of a 19-year-old Marine . He joined while still in his senior year . When he came to me to sign his enlistment papers , I was hesitant . No , I was downright , ` Not in a million years . ' He was only 17 . How could I give him permission ? Just wait , I asked , and think about it some more . He looked at me with a mixture of fear in thinking I might not sign and anger in knowing I did n't understand . And what he said next has stuck in my head through all his training , and now he leaves in a week for Iraq . He told me , ` Mom , I owe this to my country . ' ... "  Now , as he prepares for Iraq deployment , I am a little better prepared for what the future holds mentally . But to me , he and most of the men who will accompany him are so young . They still seem like boys to me , but I know they are men . Willing to serve their country . I remember 9/11 like it was yesterday , and I also remember the fear that was on that seventh-grader 's face when he was bused home early that day and watched the events unfold on the TV . And now he stands as a Marine , willing to sacrifice his everyday freedoms to assure we are safe here at home . " Katherine Shigekane of Virginia Beach , Virginia "  The Iraq war has changed our lives in many ways . My husband has been serving in the Navy for 16 years , and since March 2003 , he has been on four different deployments . Our lives have been affected in many ways . Our wedding plans were changed due to the invasion . He missed most of my first pregnancy . He was able to be home for the birth of our twins but left again when they were a year old and was gone until after their second birthday . He is now gone again . ... As a family I think we have learned to appreciate the time we do spend together . " joshM "  While serving in Iraq with the United States Marines , I met my wife . She is in the United States Army . We met while on R&R in Qatar . We did long distance for the remaining time that we had left of our deployment and then another year while I was still stationed in Cherry Point , North Carolina . She is still stationed at Fort Campbell , Kentucky . After I separated from the Marines as a corporal , I moved to Kentucky to be with her . We are now happily married , and she is on her third tour to Iraq . So even though the news shows all the bad things of war , some good really does come from it . " ChristopherM "  I am a soldier in the U.S. Army . I am a 20-year-old combat veteran . I returned home this past summer and enrolled in college with hopes of going to law school . Unfortunately , with future deployments likely to postpone my schooling , I will be in college long past traditional college years . That is just a minor nuisance compared with the fact that relating to my family and friends is infinitely more difficult since I 've returned . I find myself zoning out and going back to the war during family functions and when I 'm out with my friends , I apparently talk in my sleep about the war and occasionally sleepwalk . " Sierra Derrick of Waymart , Pennsylvania "  This is the second time my husband is deploying to Iraq , and trust me , it only gets harder !! The first time , I was 17 years old , two months pregnant and a brand-new bride .  We got married literally the day before he left .  Now , exactly four years later , we are in the same situation , although things are a little different . Together we have two amazingly beautiful little boys , Connor and Carson , ages 3 and 1 . Needless to say , he is their hero as well as mine . "  The impact that this war has had on our family has been extraordinary . We are so incredibly proud of him in ways that civilian families could n't comprehend . We have been brought closer because of these deployments , and the support we have is absolutely phenomenal . "  In that sense , I believe it has been worth it . " E-mail to a friend	iReporters share their thoughts on how the Iraq war has affected their lives "  Having -LSB- my husband -RSB- gone is the worst kind of pain , " one woman says Wife : Invasion changed wedding plans , hubby missed most of first pregnancy iReport.com : Tell us how the war has impacted you and your family
CNN  -- T-Mobile got aggressive in 2013 , positioning itself as the "  UnCarrier " and actively courting customers of other mobile providers to switch . According to the company , it 's working -- at least in terms of adding new customers . The fourth-largest mobile carrier in the United States was also the fastest-growing in 2013 , adding 4.4 million customers , T-Mobile said Tuesday during a quarterly call with investors . "  What a year it 's been , " CEO John Legere said . "  We 've been extremely busy . " More than 1.6 million of those new customers arrived in the last three months of the 2013 fiscal year , marking the third quarter in a row that T-Mobile added more than 1 million paying users . But it was also the third quarter in a row that the company lost money : $ 20 million , this time . That reflects the money T-Mobile is spending to attract new users and expand its network , as well as some of the less-expensive plans it 's offering to lure all those new customers . Not surprisingly , Legere and other T-Mobile brass were n't emphasizing that part on Tuesday . Instead , they cited the growth numbers again and again . And they do mark a turnaround from the 256,000 customers T-Mobile lost in 2012 . Under Legere 's brash leadership , the company has taken some unconventional tacks to lure business . In January , T-Mobile offered to pay up to $ 650 towards customers ' early termination fees with other carriers if they switch .  Of course , that was a response to AT&T targeting T-Mobile customers with a similar deal  . It rolled out Jump , a program that lets customers upgrade phones twice a year for a small monthly fee , and announced new plans that do n't require an annual contract . And it did n't hurt that , last March , T-Mobile became an approved carrier for the iPhone for the first time . "  We changed the way this industry operates and customers responded , " Legere said . While acknowledging that the highest number of customer defections came from AT&T , the No. 1 carrier in the United States , T-Mobile declined to give more detailed figures . "  We 're not trying to be too cute about where the customers are coming from , " Legere said . "  That 's not something we 're going to get into anymore . As  mobile carriers  are all getting highly competitive , we 're not going to give a further road map of where they 're coming from . " T-Mobile also expanded its 4G LTE network in 2013 . It now covers 209 million people and is in 95 of the top 100 metro areas in the U.S. . The company has plans to further expand in 2014 , eventually covering more than 250 million potential customers .	T-Mobile added 4.4 million customers in 2013 Its "  UnCarrier " approach targets customers of other carriers Company still lost money , though : $ 20 million last quarter 2013 saw T-Mobile offer no-contract plans , add iPhone and expand network
CNN  -- Chelsea 's attempt to make FA Cup history came to a halt on Saturday when the holders were eliminated from England 's top knockout competition in a penalty shootout by Premier League rivals Everton . The London club , seeking to become the first to win the trophy three years in a row , were held 1-1 at home in the fourth-round replay despite going ahead in extra-time through England midfielder Frank Lampard . Leighton Baines forced the spot-kick showdown with a superb left-footed set-piece a minute from the end , but the defender looked to have handed Chelsea the advantage when Petr Cech saved his penalty . However , American goalkeeper Tim Howard kept out an effort by French striker Nicolas Anelka and then England defender Ashley Cole blazed his attempt over the crossbar , giving captain Phil Neville the chance to make it 4-3 and seal a last-16 clash with division two Reading on March 1 . It was a big blow for Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League first-leg , last-16 tie away to Denmark 's Copenhagen . "  We deserved to win . Obviously we are not happy , but we have to look forward , to use these days , the next days , to recover well , to recover energy and to prepare well , " the Italian told reporters after his side 's first home defeat against Everton since 1994 . A historic first victory in Europe 's top club competition seems like Chelsea 's only real hopes of winning a trophy this season , with the Blues languishing in fifth place in their Premier League defense . Cup magic shared by cross-channel minnows League leaders Manchester United were made to battle against non-league part-timers Crawley Town before reaching the last eight with a 1-0 home victory on Saturday . Wes Brown scored the only goal in the 28th minute , his first since 2008 , as he headed home a well-worked short corner by Darron Gibson . The defender also made a vital late block on an attempted overhead kick by Matthew Tubbs as Crawley kept fighting for an equalizer and an unexpected replay , with striker Richard Brodie heading against the United bar in time added on . United boss Alex Ferguson started the match with several non-regulars , but brought star striker Wayne Rooney off the bench in the second half . Earlier , Premier League teams Stoke and Birmingham moved into the quarterfinals with 3-0 victories over third division Brighton and Sheffield Wednesday respectively . Stoke went through with first-half goals from strikers John Carew and Jon Walters and defender Ryan Shawcross . Chile winger Jean Beausejour and Obafemi Martins netted inside 20 minutes for Birmingham , the latter his first for the club since the Nigeria striker joined on loan last month , while defender David Murphy wrapped it up eight minutes after halftime . On Sunday , Manchester City host Notts County in a fourth-round replay , while in fifth-round matches Arsenal travel to another division three team Leyton Orient and Fulham take on Premier League rivals Bolton .	Two-time defending champions Chelsea knocked out of FA Cup in fourth-round replay Everton claim last-16 place after winning the penalty shootout 4-3 on Saturday Manchester United reach quarterfinals with 1-0 win over non-league side Crawley Premier League Birmingham and Stoke also progress , beating third-division opposition
CNN  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Saturday that "  we need to close ... gaps " with Iran in talks about its nuclear program , adding that those negotiating with Iranian officials "  are deeply committed to ensuring that Iran does not obtain a nuclear weapon . " Iran faces a March 24 deadline to reach a deal about its nuclear program . Several interim agreements have been made in recent months , though a long-term pact so far has been elusive . Speaking in Paris alongside French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius , Kerry said progress has been made "  but there remain gaps , divergences . " He acknowledged "  the days are ticking by , " but that does n't mean there 's an urgent rush to reach an agreement . "  We have to get the right deal , " the top U.S. diplomat said . Kerry said one thing all members of the P5 +1 group -- which consists of the United States , Russia , China , the United Kingdom and France , plus Germany -- agree on is that it 's imperative Iran does n't develop nuclear arms . Iranian minister : Some consider peace an ` existential threat ' Officials in Tehran have publicly insisted they want a nuclear program for energy purposes , not to create atomic weaponry . "  We will find out whether or not ... Iran 's prepared to take the steps to answer the questions that the world has a right to get answers to , " Kerry said .	Iran faces a March 24 deadline to reach a deal with world powers on its nuclear program U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry : "  We have to get the right deal "
Tracy Morgan remained in critical condition Sunday but appeared to show signs of improvement after a car wreck a day earlier that killed another passenger , the comedian 's publicist said . "  He has been more responsive today , which is an incredibly encouraging sign , " Lewis Kay said . Morgan 's limo van was hit by a tractor-trailer on the New Jersey Turnpike at about 1 a.m. Saturday , according to Sgt. Gregory Williams of New Jersey State Police . Morgan suffered several injuries , including broken ribs , a broken nose , a broken leg and a broken femur . He underwent surgery on his leg on Sunday , Kay said , noting any road to recovery would be a long one . "  We expect him to remain in the hospital for several weeks , " he said . The chain-reaction wreck killed Morgan 's fellow passenger , comedian James McNair , who performed under the name Jimmy Mack , and injured several others , according to officials . The truck driver charged in the crash has turned himself in , police said Sunday . Kevin Roper , 35 , posted a $ 50,000 bail Saturday night , according to James O'Neill , spokesman for the Middlesex , New Jersey , district attorney 's office . Comedians Ardie Fuqua and Harris Stanton were among the injured , as was Jeffrey Millea , Williams said . One person was released Saturday , but Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Jersey would n't disclose that person 's name . Two others remained in critical condition Sunday , hospital spokeswoman Zenaida Mendez said . CNN reached Fuqua 's agent on Sunday , but he had no comment . Walmart employee charged Roper is charged with one count of death by auto and four counts of assault by auto after the tractor-trailer he was driving crashed into the limo bus , a statement from Middlesex County Prosecutor 's Office said . Walmart spokeswoman Brooke Buchanan said Roper is an employee . "  This is a tragedy , and we are profoundly sorry that one of our trucks was involved , " Bill Simon , president and CEO of Walmart U.S. , said in a statement . "  The facts are continuing to unfold . If it 's determined that our truck caused the accident , Walmart will take full responsibility . " Chain-reaction crash The wreck occurred about 1 a.m. ET Saturday on the turnpike in Mercer County , Williams said . "  The driver of the tractor-trailer failed to observe slow-moving traffic ahead , " Williams said . "  At the last minute , he swerved to try and avoid the Mercedes limo bus but struck it from behind , forcing the limo to rotate and overturn . " Four other vehicles were involved in the crash , the prosecutor 's office said , but no one in those vehicles was injured . Williams said he does not believe alcohol played a role in the crash , but that is under investigation . The National Transportation Safety Board will investigate "  safety issues related to commercial trucking and limousine safety , " said agency spokesman Keith Holloway . "  All I know is I saw traffic ... and I stopped ... and I was upside down and in the vehicle , " limo driver Tyrone Gale told WCAU . Gale suffered bruises in the crash , WCAU reported . Christopher Thompson , the co-owner of Atlantic Transportation Services , which was operating the limo bus , said he thought the bus was heading to drop Morgan off in New Jersey . From SNL to '30 Rock ' Morgan , 45 , was a regular on "  Saturday Night Live " for seven years . He later received an Emmy nomination for his role in "  30 Rock , " in which he played Tracy Jordan , an exaggerated version of himself . The New York City native made his reputation with over-the-top characters and impressions of celebrities such as Mike Tyson and Oprah Winfrey . Morgan performed a comedy tour act Friday night at the Dover Downs Hotel & Casino in Dover , Delaware , the venue said . The actor received messages of support and concern on Twitter . "  Wishing a speedy recovery to our friend @RealTracyMorgan , " tweeted SNL Weekend Update . "  Shocked to wake up and read that @RealTracyMorgan is injured . Love to Tracy and wishing him strength , " said former SNL cast member Rachel Dratch . "  My thoughts are with Tracy Morgan and his family . I hope he pulls through this soon and gets back to making us laugh ! " said Joan Rivers . "  Saying a prayer for @RealTracyMorgan , " said actor-director Jon Favreau . "  Come on @RealTracyMorgan pull through this buddy , " tweeted actor Ike Barinholtz of "  The Mindy Project . " Funny man Tracy Morgan has known fame and foibles	"  I saw traffic and I stopped and I was upside down , " limo driver tells WCAU Morgan remains in critical condition ; truck driver charged in the crash has turned himself in Comedian James McNair , also known as "  Jimmy Mack , " died in the crash
Vero Beach , Florida  CNN  -- Louis Schacht 's family has been growing citrus in Vero Beach , Florida , for 60 years , contributing to a multibillion-dollar industry . But this year , he 's worried . The winter weather blasting much of the country has made it to Florida , and the cold front now moving through is expected to last longer than usual . That could prove disastrous for Schacht and his fellow growers at the peak of the picking season . A chill can enhance the taste of the oranges and grapefruit that the Schacht family business grows and ships around the world . But if the temperature drops to 28 degrees Fahrenheit or below and stays there for four hours , fruit across Florida could be frozen and the crop destroyed . "  If it stays just above freezing , it can really help sweeten the fruit , but it 's a fine line to walk . If it gets too cold , you can definitely have some damage , " Schacht said . He has flooded his 280-acre grove in a bid to protect his fruit , as have larger growers across the state . "  What that does is create a little layer of warmth , usually about 20 to 25 feet from the surface , which is all we really need , " Schacht said . And Schacht said that 's just about all he can do . He said the fate of his fruit is now out of his hands . "  We 've basically done what we can do , " he said . "  You say a prayer and go to bed . " CNNMoney.com : Will prices rise for orange juice ? Schacht ships directly to customers around the world . "  As a small grower , you try to sell everything that you can , direct to the consumer , " he said . His crop contributes to Florida being the No. 1 producer of oranges in the country . "  The citrus industry has a 9 billion-dollar annual economic impact , " says Florida Citrus Mutual spokesman Andrew Meadows .	Citrus grower says fate of his fruit is out of his hands Cold snap now chilling state is forecast to be unusually long Louis Schacht fears oranges and grapefruit could freeze and be ruined
CNN  -- Republicans effectively gained control over Congress on Tuesday . The GOP won a majority of seats in the House of Representatives , thus overturning the gains Democrats made in 2006 and 2008 . In the Senate , where the procedural power of the minority has already given Republicans the power to shape deliberations , the narrowed Democratic ranks will further weaken the majority . In the weeks running up to the election , there were some commentators who concluded that the current situation would be the best outcome for President Obama . Pointing to the example of the 1994 midterms , which gave Republicans control of Congress , they have argued that a bad outcome for Democrats would ironically allow Obama to regain his standing . Obama could use Republicans as a foil to attack extremism -- just as Clinton did with Speaker Newt Gingrich in 1995 and 1996 -- and he would have political cover and incentives to move closer toward the center , where voters would like him more . Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico said , "  I do see a similarity to the Clinton experience . The divided government result , if it happens , is good for the president , because he now has some potential enemies but he also has some potential partners to get things done where he did n't have them before . " Yet this analogy rests on a selective memory of what happened after 1994 , which is particularly surprising from someone who worked in the administration . The period that followed those midterms was among the most contentious in recent American politics . Republicans conducted a series of investigations into the Clinton administration , which consumed an enormous amount of time and political energy from the White House . The investigations culminated in Clinton 's impeachment proceedings . The partisan battles took their toll . While Osama bin Laden and his minions were preparing to attack the United States , Washington was engaged in bitter partisan wars over Clinton 's relationship with an intern . As the historian Steve Gillon recounted , the partisanship also drowned a secret effort by Gingrich and Clinton to reach a bipartisan pact on Social Security reform . The process damaged both parties , not just Democrats . Republicans were left without their own leaders . Gingrich essentially was forced to resigned because the Republican Conference lost confidence in his leadership . His slated successor , Louisiana 's Robert Livingston , had to resign because of personal problems . The 2000 election revealed how divided the parties had become . Democrats and Republicans squared off in the courts after questions about the vote in Florida , making the electoral process itself fair game in the scandal wars taking place between the parties . Divided government will make a fragile legislative process even more difficult to maneuver . Although political scientists have shown how important legislation has passed in periods of divided government , it is unclear how this model holds up in recent times . There was not much legislative progress on big issues such as Social Security or health care reform in the second half of the 1990s . These years were not some high point in policymaking . In fact , it was just the opposite . Most key issues were pushed aside . The situation will only be worse today . The intensified partisan polarization that exists in today 's never-ending campaign cycle makes it even more difficult for the parties to reach deals on major issues . With the exodus of moderate Democrats as a result of Republican victories , the parties in Congress will move farther apart . The 24-hour polarized media will fuel the conflict and facilitate scandal warfare . For those who liked what they saw in the second half of the 1990s : Obama will have more trouble doing what Clinton did politically when he painted Republicans as right of center . After all , the nation does n't have divided government , it has a divided Congress . So if Obama attacks the Congress for failing to produce results , voters will not only turn to see the face of Speaker John Boehner but they also will see whoever ends up as leader of the Senate Democrats . This makes the argument hard to sell . Additionally , there is no reason to believe that either President Obama or congressional Republicans will have much incentive to enter a grand bargain such as welfare reform in 1996 . If there was ever a time that Republicans had reason to compromise it was after their disastrous showing in the election of 2008 . Yet Republicans did not compromise . Now , with 2012 over the horizon , the GOP will have more incentives to oppose the president . Indeed , Sen. Mitch McConnell , leader of the Senate Republicans , recently said : "  The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president . " At the same time , Obama faces a significant risk if he tries to appease Republicans in Clinton-like fashion . After all , many liberals are already frustrated with the kinds of compromises Obama has made . Going too far -- for example , declaring that the era of big government is over -- could trigger a challenge to the president in the Democratic primaries . We should hope that the United States is not about to live through a repeat performance of what occurred after 1994 . The nation faces too many pressing economic and foreign policy problems to have that happen again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer says GOP gained control of Congress and some predict that will help Obama They say when Clinton faced this in 1994 , it gave political cover to press agenda , he says But what really happened , he says , was years of gridlock , investigations , division Zelizer : We should hope Obama does not face this , as too many issues need real attention
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Anna Chapman , one of the Russian sleeper agents deported by the United States in last summer 's spy swap , will be giving the dour face of Russian political life a bit of flash and glamour . Chapman was elected to the public board of the pro-government The Young Guard of United Russia on Wednesday , according to Russian news agency reports . The organization , which is the youth branch of Russia 's ruling United Russia party , held a congress in Moscow on its fifth anniversary and reshuffled its leadership . The country 's powerful prime minister , Vladimir Putin , is chairman of the United Russia which controls more than two-thirds of seats in the Russian parliament , the State Duma , as well as most local legislatures across the country . Chapman is one of the 10 Russian spies in the United States swapped last July in exchange for four Russian prisoners -- a transfer that conjured the politics and tensions during the Cold War . Chapman , perhaps the most famous of the 10 Russians , has been relentlessly covered by international media and portrayed as a glamorous spy . In her new role , Chapman addressed the congress 's participants , according to Interfax . "  So many people are hunting after power , glory and money , " she was quoted as saying . "  But does all that make us more happy ? Maybe all we really need is something more human and positive ? " "  There would be much less negative things in the society if each of us would wake up with a smile and be happy about a new day , when one can create something new and useful , " she said . Interfax and state-run news agency RIA-Novosti reported that Chapman rushed out of the congress hall right after her short speech without speaking to journalists who chased her all the way to the exit . RIA-Novosti said they were asking her about why she joined The Young Guard and what she plans to do in her new position . But Chapman did n't respond to any questions , RIA-Novosti said .	Chapman was elected to the Young Guard of United Russia board The spy swap last summer conjured the Cold War Chapman says "  wake up with a smile and be happy "
CNN  Authorities in Scotland are looking for whomever abandoned a mixed-breed dog outside a railway station , along with a suitcase containing his food and other belongings . The Scottish SPCA is appealing for information on Facebook after the male shar-pei crossbreed was discovered Friday night , tied to a railing outside the Ayr train station . Beside him was a suitcase with some of the dog 's belongings , including a pillow , toy , a bowl and food . Heart-tugging photos of the forlorn dog attracted thousands of shares and sympathetic comments on social media , with many people condemning his former owner . "  Poor lad , what a thing to do to him , " wrote one woman on Facebook . "  I hope his future is brighter . " SPCA Inspector Stewart Taylor said the dog is microchipped , allowing authorities to find out his name : Kai . The SPCA contacted the owner registered to the microchip , who said they had sold Kai online in 2013 but did not know the address of the person who bought him . "  This case highlights the potential consequences of selling an animal online as it often leads to the impulse buying of pets that people know very little about , " Taylor said in a post on the Scottish SPCA 's website . "  Regardless of the fact Kai was left with his belongings , this was still a cruel incident and we are keen to identify the person responsible . If anyone can help we would ask them to get in touch as soon as possible . " A woman from Aberdeenshire , Scotland , told the Daily Record on Friday that the dog 's abandonment was the result of an attempted sale gone wrong . The woman said she responded to an online ad and agreed to buy the dog for about $ 600 but changed her mind once she arrived at the Ayr train station to meet the seller . "  I went to buy a dog but the dog was not the same as the picture advertised , " she told the Record . The seller then took off in his car , leaving the pooch , she said . The woman said she considered taking the dog home but panicked and left him tied to the railing because she had to catch the last train to Aberdeen with her daughter , who suffers from asthma . Meanwhile , the SPCA has been flooded with requests from people wanting to adopt the dog . Taylor of the SPCA said Kai is about two to three years old and is "  a lovely dog with a nice nature . We will look after him until we can find him a permanent and loving home . " Some people noted that Kai 's plight echoes that of Paddington , the fictional bear in a series of popular kids ' books , who was adopted by a family after they found him sitting on his suitcase at Paddington Railway Station in London . Abandoning an animal is an offense under Scotland 's Animal Health and Welfare Act , and anyone found guilty of doing so can expect to be banned from keeping animals for a fixed period or even life .	Woman claims dog 's abandonment was result of an attempted sale gone wrong Dog was left at a Scottish railway station , along with a suitcase of his belongings Photos of the forlorn dog have attracted thousands of shares and comments on social media
CNN  -- Two people , including pro football player Donte Stallworth , were hospitalized Saturday after the hot air balloon they were riding in crashed into power lines in Miami , police said . A third passenger in the balloon was not injured . Police responded to calls at around 10 a.m. about the basket of the hot air balloon crashing into the power lines while airborne . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash with the help of Miami-Dade police , Detective Roy Rutland said . Video from CNN affiliate WSVN showed the basket  where people stand  upright on a two-lane road , while the envelope  the balloon part  sat some distance nearby . Stallworth suffered severe burns and is in stable condition at Miami 's Kendall Regional Medical Center , said his attorney , Christopher Lyons . The wide receiver was in the balloon with a female friend when the accident occurred , according to Lyons . The lawyer did not name the woman or detail her condition . The third person was operating the balloon , according to local media reports . The California native began his NFL career in 2002 with the New Orleans Saints and most recently played for the New England Patriots . His is currently a free agent . Drew Rosenhaus , Stallworth 's sports agent , said his client is "  in good spirits . " "  He was injured , but will be fine , " said Rosenhaus , adding later that he hopes Stallworth is back playing "  in a matter of weeks . " "  He will be able to resume his NFL career . " Beyond his on-field exploits -- from his time at the University of Tennessee to his years playing with the Saints , Patriots , Philadelphia Eagles , Cleveland Browns , Baltimore Ravens and Washington Redskins -- Stallworth is known for hitting and killing a construction worker crossing a street in Miami in 2009 . Under a plea agreement , Stallworth was sentenced to 30 days in jail for DUI manslaughter . He also reached an "  amicable " settlement with the Reyes family , his lawyer , Lyons , said . The NFL also suspended him for one season . CNN 's Rick Martin and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : NFL player Donte Stallworth could be playing again in "  weeks , " his agent says A hot air balloon went down after hitting power lines in Miami , sending 2 to the hospital Stallworth , who suffered severe burns , was in the balloon with a female friend , his lawyer says The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating
Editor 's note : Wayne LaPierre has served as the executive vice president and chief executive officer of the National Rifle Association of America since 1991 . His latest book is "  The Global War on Your Guns : Inside the U.N. Plan to Destroy the Bill of Rights . " Wayne LaPierre says the Mexican drug war is n't a reason to restrict gun ownership in the U.S. CNN  -- Here 's a summary for the time - or attention-challenged : Never surrender freedom for laws that ca n't affect criminals ; they disobey laws for a living . Nobody is surprised that Attorney General Eric Holder wants to make good on his promise to ban guns . We just did n't know whose tragedy he 'd seize to advance his agenda . Now we do . It 's the drug-driven death and violence in Mexico at the hands of ruthless criminal cartels . Barely a month on the job , Holder cited the Mexican cartel killings as the excuse to resurrect the Clinton gun ban . Though a new face to some , Holder is a rabid Second Amendment foe from the Clinton administration who helped orchestrate the 1994 Clinton gun ban . America has made this mistake already . So let 's learn the lies that led to their gun ban . Even earthworms learn from experience Ask any anti-gun politician to define an "  assault weapon , " and the honest answer is , "  I know one when I see one . " When cosmetics alone can infringe constitutional freedoms , we 're all in trouble . But that 's precisely how the 1994 gun ban came about . The gun-ban lobby and national media lied with lockstep conformity by playing endless footage of fully automatic machine gun fire . They fooled the American people and the U.S. Congress into thinking they were banning "  high-powered , " "  rapid-fire , " "  battlefield-bred " guns designed to "  spray fire from the hip . " None of that was true . Then Sen. Dianne Feinstein convened anti-gun bureaucrats to conduct a firearm beauty pageant . They browsed photos of hundreds of perfectly legal semiautomatic rifles . They picked 19 they deemed most military looking . And they banned them . But the guns are n't designed or used by the military . They 're commonly owned semiautomatic rifles that fire one shot when the trigger is pulled . They can not "  spray fire , " nor are they designed to be fired "  from the hip . " Nor are they the choice of terrorists in Afghanistan or drug gangs in Mexico . They prefer fully automatic machine guns , which our soldiers use . Congress was so doubtful about the ban 's effectiveness , they limited it to a 10-year experiment . So it expired in 2004 , and for good reason . It was useless all along . As the study mandated by that Congress found , "  The banned weapons and magazines were never used in more than a modest fraction of all gun murders " in the first place . The ban had absolutely no effect on gun crime . But what about Mexico ? Of course , everyone 's rooting for Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's government to crush the drug cartels ' stranglehold . But our rights are not what 's wrong . Nobody can substantiate claims that U.S. guns cross the border "  by the thousands " or "  account for 95 % of weapons used by Mexican drug gangs . " Because it 's not true . Replying to Feinstein in subcommittee hearings last week , William Hoover , assistant director of field operations at the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said , "  The investigations we have , that we see , for firearms flowing across the border do n't show us individuals taking thousands of guns a day or at a time flowing into Mexico . " Yet reporter after politician after news anchor parrot the lie as readily as high schoolers gossip , and with equal disregard for truth . That 's how gun abolitionists claim Mexican gun laws are so strict that our "  weak laws "  read : freedoms  are to blame for "  fueling the violence " in Mexico . Well , to believe that : • You have to believe these butchers and beheaders break every Mexican law they want except Mexican gun laws , which they honor -- while they break America gun laws . • You have to believe that Mexico 's drug cartels , which possess the wealth and armies of nations , prefer American semiauto target and hunting rifles over fully automatic machine guns and any other military arms they want to crush opposition . • You have to believe Mexican drug lords -- who make Forbes magazine 's list of billionaires -- do n't get large lots of weaponry on the transnational black market but instead choose to trifle with paperwork at U.S. gun stores . • You have to believe that narco-terrorists who buy fragmentation grenades , grenade launchers , explosives , body armor , biometric security equipment , infrared surveillance technology and intelligence-grade reconnaissance gear will salute and obey a new American gun law -- if only we 'd pass one . Get real , get tough , but get away from our rights Everything Mexico 's murderous thugs are doing is already illegal . At issue is not the absence of law , but the absence of political will to enforce the laws that both nations already possess . Even Immigration and Customs Enforcement said , "  We have the laws we need . We just need to more effectively enforce them . " Those that make possible Mexico 's colossal corruption wear the garb of not only drug lords and gun runners , but also of too many city mayors and police chiefs , state bureaucrats and military officers . A $ 40 billion criminal enterprise could not exist without the complicity of these powerful co-conspirators . And these cartels are being abetted by American media and politicians who blame our freedoms for it . We should seal the border . Punish the guilty . And use existing gun and drug laws against violent drug syndicates here and in Mexico . But leave American freedoms alone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wayne LaPierre .	Wayne LaPierre : Effort under way to reinstate Clinton-era gun ban He says claims that 95 % of Mexico drug guns come from U.S. are n't backed up LaPierre : Our gun freedoms are n't responsible for fueling the drug war He says U.S. should seal the border and enforce existing gun laws
Tribune Media Services  -- Ahh ! Ohh ! Spa time at the Hawks Cay Resort in Florida I 'm face down on a massage table looking through glass at fish swimming in the lagoon , as the Polynesian masseuse caresses me with bags of seaweed and creams made from ground pearls and deep-sea water . Polynesian music plays softly . Waves lap the shore . Can it get any better than this ? We 're at the Thalasso Spa at the InterContinental Bora Bora Resort , which I 'm told is the largest spa in French Polynesia , the first in the world to use water drawn from deep in the Pacific , which they tell us is extremely pure and rich in minerals . It 's just an average mom-and-daughter afternoon together , or once in a lifetime , in this case . My friend , Pam Roza , her daughter , Orlee , my daughter , Mel , and their two friends , Margaret Bylsma and Lane Washburn -- all newly minted high school grads -- have taken an afternoon off from sailing on our chartered catamaran to enjoy a little spa action , followed by a real shower . The two dads have declined our invitation to join us and are snoozing by the pool at the resort . As if the massage is n't enough , we luxuriate in a walk-through pool that pummels our legs with jets of water . There are also treatments with deep-sea water showers , baths with deep-sea water and hydro massages , marine scrubs and mud treatments ... too bad we only have an afternoon ! Of course , my mom never took me to a spa -- I do n't think she 's ever been to one herself -- but I 've taken my wilderness-loving daughters to spas from the Caribbean to Colorado , from Arizona to Austria from the time they were young teens , and like others their age , they are perfectly at home getting facials and massages  as long as mom 's paying  . It turns out they 've got plenty of company . According to the International Spa Association , 4 million teens have been to a spa . More than half of the hotel resort spas with memberships in ISA now have teen programs , and new ones that include younger children are opening all the time . An increasing number of resorts have dedicated spaces just for kids and teens -- from Scoops Kid Spas at the 10 Great Wolf Lodges around the country  choose your own sherbet scrub  to the Wild Hare Youth Spa at the Hyatt Regency Lost Pines Resort in Texas where you can create your own lip gloss . The teen spa area at Loews Coronado Bay Resort , designed with Pottery Barn PBTeen , offers young spa goers a chance to play video games or watch DVDs while they wait for their special acne facials , sports massages or skincare lessons . The Homestead in Hot Springs , Virginia , meanwhile , advertises treatments suitable for several "  generations " of your family , while the Tabacon Grand Spa Thermal Resort in Costa Rica has a family spa bungalow that a family can use for an entire day , scheduling alternating treatments with dips in the river . "  Teens we see are experienced spa-goers , " said Pat Liberto , manager at the Cloister Spa at Sea Island , Georgia . "  The younger children who have older spa-goer siblings want to try something too . " You 'll find junior spa programs in cities  Trump International Hotel in Chicago  , at ski resorts  The Sundance Resort in Utah  , in Florida  Hawks Cay Island Resort  and Hawaii  Grand Hyatt Kauai  , in Williamsburg , Virginia  Kingsmill Resort and Spa  , where birthday party spa camps are all the rage and even on Royal Caribbean and Carnival cruise ships . And the Four Seasons Bora Bora , which is making a huge effort to attract the family market , is developing an entire teen program to add to their special treatments for honeymooning couples . This pampering wo n't necessarily break the bank either , since many "  treatments , " especially for younger kids , are substantially discounted . The spa treatments at Orlando 's Nick Hotel start at just $ 6 . Solace Spa at Boyne Mountain Resort in Michigan now hosts Family Nights with mini treatments . Admission is just $ 5 and includes yoga , steam , sauna and mini-treatments for as little as $ 10 . "  At the age of six , it 's not often you get to be a princess for an evening and receive royal treatments , " said Danielle Donovan , from Petoskey , Michigan , who took her daughter Libby . "  The special mommy/daughter time made Family Spa Night one of a kind ! " "  It 's an affordable luxury , " added Carmen Gillett , an attorney from Sarasota , Florida , who takes her 9-year-old daughter , Rosie , to Longboat Key Club and Resort where kids ' treatments might include a junior escape massage  strawberry kiwi body icing ?  . "  She loves it , " Gillett says , adding , it 's a great way to share an experience and have a good time yourself ! While the International Spa Association reports that spa goers are opting for fewer and shorter treatments , youth spa programs continue to flourish -- likely because of the reduced fees . For that reason , said Anne Monnier , who took her daughter Hanna to the spa at Loews Lake Las Vegas Resort , "  It was well worth the price . It made her feel like royalty . And just having some special mother/daughter time  no husband or son allowed  was special in itself . " For tweens and teens , spa treatments are n't just about indulgence either ; they can have a lasting impact . "  The teen facial made a difference . It also helps teach a young girl about taking care of her skin and about taking pride in her appearance , " said Laura Patterson , who has been taking her daughter , Sara , to the Homestead 's Kid Spa for years . Carmen Gillett jokes she did n't even know what a spa was until she was in college . "  I 'm giving her everything I did n't have , " she laughs . Serenity Shower , anyone ? For more Taking the Kids , visit www.takingthekids.com , where Eileen Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments . Copyright 2009 EILEEN OGINTZ , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	According to the International Spa Association , 4 million teens have been to a spa The spa treatments at Orlando 's Nick Hotel start at just $ 6 Solace Spa at Boyne Mountain Resort in Michigan now hosts Family Nights
CNN  -- A specialized military unit has begun analyzing possible human remains recovered from wreckage of a cargo plane that crashed 60 years ago in Alaska , killing all on board . The C-124 Globemaster , near the end of a flight from Washington state to Alaska , crashed in November 1952 on Mount Gannett , killing 52 . The debris was covered by an avalanche and not rediscovered until June 10 , said Capt. Jamie Dobson , spokeswoman for the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command based in Hawaii . An eight-member team from the command flew to the site on Colony Glacier , several miles from where the plane went down . After the avalanche and over the years , some of the wreckage moved to the glacier , officials said . "  We took back with us material evidence that could possibly make an identification , " Dobson said Saturday . Besides possible human remains , the team recovered pieces of clothing with names , life-support equipment , such as parachutes and lifeboats , personal effects and survival kits with food , she said . Military units based in Alaska were back at the scene this week to recover and safeguard additional debris . Identification of remains typically takes months , but can take years , Dobson said . Dobson called the recovery site hazardous , marked by deep crevices and shifting pieces of glacier falling into a lake . Typically , about 10 % of debris in such an incident will surface . The Alaskan Command , involved with the debris recovery , did not immediately respond to a message left Saturday by CNN .	A C-124 Globemaster cargo plane crashed in Alaska in November 1952 All 52 aboard were killed Debris from the crash was spotted last month on a glacier several miles away A team is now analyzing material recovered at the site
CNN  -- Bayern Munich have confirmed that Turkish international Hamit Altintop is one of three players who will leave the club after Saturday 's final Bundesliga match of the season against Stuttgart . Former Schalke midfielder Altintop , defensive midfielder Andreas Ottl and reserve goalkeeper Thomas Kraft are the trio who will be moving on during the close season , with the club marking their farewell with a bouquet of flowers after the game . Altintop , 28 , joined Bayern in 2007 and was a member of the domestic double winning sides of 2008 and 2010 , also featuring in the 2010 Champions League final defeat by Inter Milan . However , his time at the club was restricted by injuries , restricting him to just 63 Bundesliga appearances in four seasons . "  This season , Hamit only played three games from the start . He feels that 's not enough , and we understand and respect his decision , " Bayern chairman Karl - Heinz Rummenigge told the club 's official website . It is unclear where Altintop will play his football next season , although there have been reports linking Real Madrid with a move for the player . Meanwhile , Ottl leaves Bayern after joining the club in 1996 aged just 11 . The 26-year-old never fully established himself in the senior side , making 91 appearances and scoring five goals during his time with the Bavarian giants . A valuable squad member , Ottl has won three Bundesliga titles and three German Cups during his time with Bayern . Meanwhile , Kraft has decided to leave Bayern in search of regular first team football , and has agreed a deal to join Bundesliga newcomers Hertha Berlin for next season . Director of sport Christian Nerlinger said of the 21-year-old : "  I can understand that Thomas Kraft 's aim is to be a first-choice goalkeeper , but we could not give him that guarantee . "	Hamit Altintop is one of three players who will leave Bayern Munich after Saturday Midfielders Altintop and Andreas Ottl and goalkeeper Thomas Kraft all leaving club Kraft has already signed a contract to join Bundesliga newcomers Hertha Berlin
CNN  -- Looks like they made it . Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have been married for 73 days , a significant number given that her last marriage , to basketball player Kris Humphries , ended after 72 days . Kardashian announced that she was filing for divorce from Humphries in October 2011 after tying the knot that August , and the swift separation immediately prompted the hashtag #ThingslongerthanKimsmarriage . But in 2014 , the "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " star is once again a married woman and the mother of toddler North West . In honor of Kardashian 's newest marital milestone , salutes from across the Web included The Huffington Post 's headline "  In shocking news , Kimye survived 72 days of marriage , " while another user congratulated Kardashian with the tweet "  Happy 73 days of marriage for #KimYe @KimKardashian @kanyewest . " Not that the couple is n't used to the attention . From their courtship to Kardashian 's pregnancy and their lavish wedding in Florence , Italy , on May 24 , the pair have been the subject of countless headlines . West told GQ magazine that "  The concept of Kimye has more cultural significance than what Page Six could write . " "  Saying ` Hey , I like Kim ' is n't as inspiring to people as us getting married , " West told GQ of their decision to marry . "  And anyone that 's in a relationship knows that in order to get to the point to get married and then to be married and to then carry on , it needs that work put into it . Right now , people look at it and it 's like , ` Wow , that 's inspiring . ' " And her relationship with her husband is n't the only thing garnering Kardashian attention . On Sunday , she posted a picture on Instagram of her and old friend Paris Hilton with the caption , "  Reminiscing about the 1st time we went to Ibiza in 2006 ! @parishilton it was so good to see you & catch up !! Loves it lol . " The two were rumored to have ended their friendship in 2008 after Hilton reportedly said during a radio interview that Kardashian 's backside "  reminds me of cottage cheese inside a big trash bag . " Hilton later told InTouch magazine that she was joking and had apologized to Kardashian , but the former BFFs appeared to give each other plenty of space until they reunited for the Instagram photo while in Ibiza for designer Riccardo Tisci 's birthday celebration .	Kardashian 's last marriage , to Kris Humphries , ended after 72 days She and West married on May 24 Kardashian recently reunited with old pal Paris Hilton
Atlanta  CNN  -- On September 1 , 2012 , an adult inmate was attacked at Baldwin State Prison in Hardwick , Georgia . He had a sense of what was coming so he ran to a dorm entrance and screamed for help . Help did n't come . Other inmates dragged the man to a bathroom where he was stomped , kicked and punched . They tied his hands and poured scalding water on his groin and thigh . They forced a broomstick up his rectum . Eventually , his assailants let him go , which -- amazingly -- puts that inmate in the lucky category . Lucky to be alive . Thirty-three prisoners and one officer have been killed by other prisoners in Georgia since 2010 , according to a report released Wednesday by the Southern Center for Human Rights in Atlanta . The report details the attack on that inmate , and other attacks on other prisoners , and calls for the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate . It says the Georgia Department of Corrections  GDC  has failed . Calls to the Georgia department were not immediately returned Wednesday . "  People who are supposed to be running our prisons have lost control , " said Sarah Geraghty , senior attorney at the Southern Center for Human Rights . "  It appears they either can not or will not take appropriate steps to address the level of violence . " ` Violent prisons teach and breed violence ' The violence is staggering and , according to the center 's report , becoming more and more brutal . In January , a prisoner at Coffee Correctional Facility in Nicholls , Georgia , suffered third-degree burns after boiling water was poured on his face and genitals , and bleach was poured into his eyes . In February , a prisoner had three fingers severed by a man with a 19-inch knife at Wilcox State Prison in Abbeville , Georgia . And just this week , an inmate at Augusta State Medical Prison in Grovetown , Georgia , died after being stabbed . The problem , Geraghty said , is multidimensional . One , prisoners have access to lethal weapons . Two , supervision and protective custody procedures are inadequate . Three , locks on some cell doors have been broken -- and left that way for years . And on , and on and on . "  It has reached a point where nearly every day we receive calls or letters from someone who was assaulted or stabbed or beaten or raped in our state prisons , " Geraghty said , stressing that inmates are n't the only ones in danger . The conditions pose significant risk to correctional officers and to the public as well . Last year , some 21,000 men and women were released from Georgia prisons , according to the report . "  Prisons are supposed to provide rehabilitation . But violent prisons teach and breed violence , " it reads . Federal report finds Alabama prison ` toxic , ' female inmates abused What could happen next ? A request for comment to the Department of Justice was not immediately returned Wednesday . Besides launching an investigation , the department could recommend changes and pursue litigation . It 's done so before in a number of cases . The report highlights three Georgia prisons as particularly dangerous : Baldwin State Prison , Hays State Prison and Smith State Prison . Twenty-one percent of the 33 homicides of Georgia prisoners since 2010 took place at Smith State Prison , located in Glennville , Georgia , according to the Southern Center for Human Rights . But Geraghty is not asking the Justice Department to look at specific prisons ; she wants it to investigate the system as a whole . The center says three times as many prisoners were killed in Georgia in 2012 , as compared to 10 years ago , and that in that one year , Georgia had more homicides in its state prisons than some other states ' prisons had in the last 10 years . For context , between 2001-2011 , there were 31 state prisoner deaths by homicide reported in Georgia , nine in Alabama , 21 in South Carolina , 44 in Florida , eight in Pennsylvania , seven in Mississippi and 142 in California , the nation 's most populous state , according to Justice Department statistics . "  The U.S. Department of Justice should launch a thorough investigation , " reads the center 's report . "  It is not possible to stop all violence in prison . But the frequency and severity of violent incidents that are now occurring in Georgia 's prisons do not happen in a well-run system . " Texas inmates sue over lack of air conditioning U.S. moves toward shorter sentences for drug crimes New regulations aimed at helping prisoners in federal halfway houses	Thirty-three prisoners and one officer are reported killed since 2010 "  People who are supposed to be running our prisons have lost control , " says attorney Calls to the Georgia Department of Corrections are not returned
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A huge storm that collapsed part of a cliff on Israel 's central coast led to the discovery of a statue dating back to the Roman period , the Israel Antiquities Authority said Tuesday . The white marble statue of a woman wearing a toga and sandals is estimated to be 2,000 years old . It stands 1.2 meters tall , weighs about 200 kilograms and was found with no head or arms , according to a news release by the authority . A person walking on the shore of the southern city of Ashkelon made the discovery , the authority said . "  The statue fell into the sea when the ancient maritime cliff collapsed as a result of the storm , " said Yigal Israel , the Ashkelon district archaeologist . "  The collapse also ruined a bath house and mosaics that had been in the cliff for many hundreds of years . " The storm , one of the strongest Israel has experienced in recent years , brought winds of more than 100 kph that sent 10-meter waves crashing into Israel 's coast .	The statue of a woman dates back about 2,000 years It fell from a cliff collapsed by a huge storm that hit Israel A passerby on the coast found the statue
CNN  -- On Nikola Tesla 's 158th birthday , it was the effort to build a museum in the influential scientist 's honor that got the gift . Elon Musk , the magnate and inventor behind electric-car company Tesla Motors , has pledged $ 1 million to the Tesla Science Center in Shoreham , New York , on the site of Wardenclyffe , Tesla 's only remaining laboratory . And it 's all due , at least in large part , to an appeal from a webcomic creator . Matthew Inman , whose comic and website the Oatmeal draws millions of readers each month , wrote Thursday that he had spoken to Musk and confirmed the pledge . "  So , I had a call with Elon Musk earlier this week ... " Inman wrote on his site . He said Musk , who named his car company as a tribute to the inventor , told him two things during the phone call : that he would install a Tesla charging station in the museum 's parking lot and that he 'll donate the million to the effort to fully restore and operate it . Jane Alcorn , president of the Tesla Science Center , announced the pledge at a birthday party at the center on Thursday . "  Musk  has challenged us at the center to use our resources wisely , find additional resources , and reach our goal of creating this museum , " she said . "  We are excited and extremely grateful for Mr. Musk 's generous gift to Tesla Science Center , and also to Matthew Inman for arranging the opportunity . " The Tesla Science Center had confirmed the news on its Twitter feed earlier . "  Elon Musk : from the deepest wells of my geeky little heart : thank you , " Inman wrote . "  This is amazing news . And it 's Nikola Tesla 's 158th birthday . Happy Nikola Tesla Day . " In one of his comics , Inman compared Tesla favorably to his better-known contemporary -- and rival -- Thomas Edison . Then , in 2012 , he joined forces with an effort to buy Wardenclyffe and turn it into a Tesla museum . A fundraiser he started on Indiegogo , cheekily named "  Let 's Build a G ** damn Tesla Museum , " raised a whopping $ 1.3 million , more than enough to buy the property . Since then , the foundation has been raising the roughly $ 8 million needed to restore the site and build the museum itself . That 's why this year , in a comic reviewing his new Tesla Model S , Inman devoted part of it to calling on Musk to help out . Though Tesla Motors is named in honor of the scientist , whose work included early electrical experiments , the Tesla family is in no way involved with the company . Within hours of the comic being posted , Musk , who had donated $ 2,500 to the initial effort , sent Inman a simple message on Twitter : "  I would be happy to help . " A representative for Tesla Motors also confirmed the gift to CNN on Thursday . Born in 1856 , Nikola Tesla was a Serbian-American engineer and inventor who helped pioneer the use of electricity , among other achievements . At Wardenclyffe , Tesla worked on developing wireless communications , more than 100 years before anyone would hold a smartphone , and methods for delivering clean , free energy . But his work lost much of its financial backing after inventor Guglielmo Marconi sent radio signals across the Atlantic Ocean , and the lab site was lost in 1915 . Tesla died at age 86 in 1943 , in debt and living in a New York hotel . His legacy and work languished in relative obscurity for decades thereafter . But in recent years , people in the science community have begun championing him as the true innovator of his age , saying that if his work had been properly funded , it may have led to dramatic changes in the way utilities like phone and electric service are delivered today .	The founder of Tesla Motors is giving $ 1 million to a museum for its namesake Volunteers raised money to save the last remaining lab of inventor Nikola Tesla They need several million more , though , to restore it and build a museum Matthew Inman , creator of the Oatmeal , announced the donation Thursday
CNN  -- Others may already be faltering , but Chelsea march on . Jose Mourinho 's side continued their impressive early season form with a 6-3 win against Everton in the English Premier League on Saturday . After comfortable wins against Leicester City and Burnley in their opening two league fixtures , the Blues traveled to Goodison Park . Roberto Martinez 's side were expected to provide a stern test of Mourinho 's newly-modeled side but were ultimately swept aside in a thrilling encounter on Merseyside . The home side 's interest in the match threatened to be curtailed inside three minutes as Chelsea raced into a 2-0 lead . Diego Costa struck after just 35 seconds , guiding a low shot underneath Everton keeper Tim Howard with Branislav Ivanovic doubling the lead two minutes later . Everton regrouped and thought they 'd pulled one back in the 16th minute when Sylvain Distin turned the ball in after Romelu Lukaku 's header had rebounded off the post . But the French defender 's effort was ruled offside . The Toffees stuck at it and their perseverance paid off on the stroke of halftime as Seamus Coleman 's cross was met by Belgian midfielder Kevin Mirallas who headed past Chelsea keeper and international teammate Thibaut Courtois . Everton started the second half brightly , but Chelsea were soon in control of the match once more when Coleman deflected Eden Hazard 's cross into his own net in the 67th minute to make it 3-1 . Despondency soon turned to hope again as Everton 's Steven Naismith scored two minutes later only for Nemanja Matic to restore Chelsea 's two-goal cushion in the 74th minute . Substitute Samuel Eto'o made an immediate impact against his former club with a headed goal to make the score 4-3 , before Ramires scored for the visitors again moments later . Diego Costa confirmed the inevitable with his second goal of the match in the 90th minute to cap another good day for his new club . As one Spanish striker beds in at Stamford Bridge another has departed after it was announced that Fernando Torres will join Serie A side AC Milan on a two-year loan deal subject to the 30-year-old passing a medical . Torres has endured a torrid time in London since his Â # 50 million  $ 83 million  move from Liverpool in 2011 scoring just 20 times in 110 appearances . The unsettled Spaniard leaves an increasingly settled Chelsea side who are now top of the league with nine points from three games . Their main rivals for the title this season have so far endured mixed fortunes with Manchester City the latest to slip up . The Sky Blues slumped to a shock 1-0 defeat to Stoke City earlier on Saturday . Following comfortable wins over Newcastle United and Liverpool , Manuel Pellegrini 's side were hot favorites to make light work the Potters who had lost all previous 12 matches at the Etihad Stadium . But it was Stoke who walked away with all three points after Senegal striker Mame Biram Diouf 's fine solo effort in the 58th minute settled the game . Stoke 's first win of the new campaign lifts them to ninth in the table while City slip to fourth . United still winless The red side of Manchester will be equally blue this weekend as Louis van Gaal 's search for a first Premier League win goes on . Despite fielding new signing Angel Di Maria for the first time , United were unable to break down the defenses of newly promoted Burnley in a game that ended goalless . The result leaves United languishing in 14th place in the table with two points from a possible nine . The lackluster display caps another dismal week for United who suffered a shock exit from the English League Cup in midweek at the hands of MK Dons , a team two divisions below them . There was one bright spot on an otherwise gloomy weekend for United fans with the announcement that Dutch international Daley Blind will join from Ajax , subject to a medical and the defensive midfielder agreeing personal terms , the club said Saturday . In Sunday 's matches , Mario Balotelli is expected to make his debut for Liverpool as the Merseysiders take on Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane . Arsenal are also in action against Leicester City , while Aston Villa take on Hull City . Bayern held by Schalke Meanwhile in the Bundesliga , Xabi Alonso made his debut for Bayern Munich but could n't prevent the German champions from dropping their first points of the season in a 1-1 draw at Schalke . The veteran Spanish midfielder , who joined Pep Guardiola 's side from Real Madrid on Friday , played nearly 70 minutes before being substituted , by which time both goals in the game had been scored . Bayern took the lead in the 10th minute courtesy of Robert Lewandowski -- scoring his first goal for his new club since joining from Borussia Dortmund in the summer -- before Schalke picked up their first point of the new season with a 62nd minute equalizer from Benedikt Howedes . The draw leaves Bayern with four points from two games and joint second behind Bayer Leverkusen who continued their perfect start to the season with a 4-2 win over Hertha Berlin . Paderborn , Cologne were also winners on Saturday with the matches between Werder Bremen and Hoffenheim and Wolfsburg and Frankfurt ending in draws . Atletico win in Spain In La Liga , reigning champions Atletico Madrid picked up their first win of the new season beating new boys Eibar 2-1 . Former Bayern Munich striker Mario Mandzukic scored what proved to be his new team 's winning goal in the 25th minute following Brazilian center back Miranda 's 11th-minute opener . Abraham Minero Fernandez pulled one back for Eibar in the 33rd minute but they could n't find an equalizer . The result leaves Diego Simeone 's side on four points from two games with Barcelona and city rivals Real Madrid both in action on Sunday . The Catalans travel to Villarreal while Real visit Real Sociedad . Serie A kicks off new season Two matches were played on the opening day of Serie A in Italy on Saturday . Reigning champions Juventus were 1-0 winners at Chievo while last season 's runners up were also victorious beating Fiorentina 2-0 at the Stadio Olimpico .	Chelsea maintain 100 % start to new English Premier League season Diego Costa scores twice as Everton are beaten 6-3 at Goodison Park Manchester City suffer shock defeat against Stoke Manchester United play out goalless draw at newly-promoted Burnley
CNN  -- As we approach the referendum , what is being proven time and time again is that the people of Scotland are showing a political will that has been sadly lacking in these islands for the last generation or so . Whatever the vote and whatever the outcome on September 18 , the victory will be the revival of social democracy . Hopefully -- from my point of view , and that of the Scottish people -- the vote will be a resounding "  Yes . " A "  Yes " which reinforces the will of the Scottish people to supersede the political apathy of the last twenty years or so . In the debate between "  Yes " and "  No , " there clearly has arisen confusion between Nationalism and Independence . Nationalist sentiment can obfuscate the point of Independence . This vote is not about nationalism , it is about social democracy , and for myself and the people of Scotland , social democracy is at the root of our desire for Independence . An independent state of Scotland will reinforce its own laws , embrace new forms of political thinking , new creeds , new political parties , and new positions of argument . Independence will allow a new system to be put in place , and in Scotland 's case , and for the people of Scotland , a system of social equality where the yoke of the old feudal ideologies are finally dismantled . The political systems of New Labour , Conservative and Liberal Democrats have atrophied in the UK ; atrophied to such an extent that the dividing line between these ideologies have become increasingly blurred by each party 's pragmatic desire for political power . A power to be got seemingly at any cost . And particularly in the Labour Party 's case , to be got at the expense of political ideology . Sadly -- and as a member of the Labour Party it pains me greatly to write this -- over the last fifteen years or so I have witnessed the Labour Party 's fundamental socialist thought being consistently compromised on a needs must basis , an "  ends justifies the means " ideology ; floundering in a swamp of sound bite sentiment . Labour 's failure to understand and anticipate Scotland 's desire for a state of independence could at root lie in its reconstitution of the party as New Labour in the 1990s . The need for this reconstitution came about as a desire for the party to purge itself of its top heavy industrial union dependency and militant tendency . It tried to create itself anew as New Labour , but perhaps in the process threw the baby out with the bath water . And yet , it might have succeeded in this metamorphosis had it not been for the all-wheening hubris of its leader , Anthony Charles Lynton Blair , who insisted in involving these islands in an illegal war which created a painful fissure in the body politic of the party . That fissure has never been healed . Faith was lost and has yet to be restored . And at this vital time when the big battalions of political thinking of Westminster are mustering their final offensive against Scottish Independence , the very act of this coercion creates in the Scottish character a defiance and an understanding of their true spirit ; a spirit which despite overbearing adversity remains fiercely independent in its constitution . The environmental campaigner George Monbiot has written that "  to vote ` No ' in this referendum is to choose to live under a political system that sustains one of the rich world 's highest levels of inequality and deprivation . A system that treats the natural world , civic life , equality , public health , and effective public services as dispensable luxuries , and the freedom of the rich to exploit the poor as non-negotiable . " Throughout the Independence campaign , I have been shocked and shaken by the disconnect of my colleagues and their failure to understand the state of play throughout the whole of this nation , exemplified by the needs of the Scottish people . I have been appalled at the condescension and patronizing attitudes of those who I would have thought would have known better , and who could have offered far deeper and more profound arguments against the idea of Independence . And not once during this entire campaign has there been a successful attempt by the naysayers to match and compete with the profound belief of those in the "  Yes " camp : Their arguments have always deteriorated into tactics of fear , and the disparagement of faith . But you know , when you go into the polling booth and you place your mark on the ballot paper , that very act , in its purest form , is an act of faith , "  Yes " or "  No . " The only guarantee you 've got is the guarantee of your own spirit , for good or for bad . And on September 18 , my hope and the hope for my people is to choose "  Yes , " for good . WATCH : Brian Cox and Rory Stewart debate independence READ MORE : Comedian Eddie Izzard on why Scots should vote ` No ' READ MORE : Scottish independence : What you need to know	Voters in Scotland to decide on country 's independence on September 18 Actor Brian Cox supports the "  Yes Scotland " campaign Cox : A "  yes " vote will see "  the old feudal ideologies dismantled " Independent Scotland "  will embrace new forms of political thinking , " says Cox
EW.com  -- "  Battleship " is a special-effects-heavy movie invented to extend the brand of a commercial board game -- suitable for ages 7 and up ! -- in which two players move imaginary boats around a simple grid . That part 's not newsworthy . The surprise , for this veteran of board games , is that "  Battleship " is also the rousing , engaging , and emotionally complex action war picture the silly 2001 action war picture "  Pearl Harbor " only wished it could be . It 's "  Pearl Harbor " with greater intelligence , less hokum , and more aliens . For every line of howler dialogue that should have been sunk , there 's a nice little scene in which humans have to make a difficult decision . For every stretch of generic sci-fi-via-CGI moviemaking , there 's a welcome bit of wit . Under the direction of Peter Berg -- the talented , ever-maturing filmmaker behind "  Friday Night Lights " and "  The Kingdom " -- "  Battleship " is a sound vessel floating in Hollywood 's oil-slick sea of "  Transformers " sequels and vampire riffs . The object of the original game is simple : Attack an opponent 's " fleet " through a combination of mental strategy , deductive logic , and luck . The movie does n't forget these low-tech roots . There 's a nifty sequence in which sailors track incoming alien fighters using similar X-marks-the-spot skills . But before getting to the hardcore blow - 'em - up portion of the humans-versus-aliens warfare entertainment , we are given time to invest in the relationship between Stone Hopper  "  True Blood 's " Alexander SkarsgÃ ¥ rd  and his younger brother , Alex  Taylor Kitsch from TV 's "  Friday Night Lights "  -- the former a courageous Navy officer of great character , the latter a corner-cutting showboater who is about to have his character entirely re-welded through the Navy challenges that await him .  Kitsch does an admirable , controlled job of steering his character from screwup to leader . We understand that Alex loves a bombshell physical therapist named Sam  Brooklyn Decker  , and that Sam happens to be the daughter of crusty U.S. Pacific Fleet commander Admiral Shane  Liam Neeson , barking but not biting  . We see the emotional-zeitgeist logic in the special interest that Sam has taken in the physical rehabilitation of an Army veteran and amputee , authentically played by real-life Army vet and amputee Gregory D. Gadson . We appreciate the pop culture traffic jam that has musical glam girl Rihanna passing muster as a tough  yet cool !  fellow sailor . And we know to keep an eye on the conflict that rumbles at first between Alex and a Japanese officer  Tadanobu Asano  because Japanese-American hurts and fears left over from the real Pearl Harbor will be worked out before the movie is over for the benefit of boomers and assorted granddads in the audience . It 's only once we know all these things -- carbon-based touches not found in the Hasbro product -- that "  Battleship " gets down to the business of hotshot combat between brave U.S. Navy fighters and aggressive alien visitors .  The invaders , by the way , appear to have studied "  Transformers " fashion magazines to design their space-metal wardrobes .  Amid this fracas , there 's a welcome mood lightener in the form of a gentle comic-neurotic turn by Hamish Linklater  "  The New Adventures of Old Christine "  as a deep-space scientist who has reason to regret his search for extraterrestrial life . "  Battleship " is gratifying that way . At the story 's center are all the clanging fireballs a kid could want to watch whizzing across a computerized sky -- not to mention naval strategy and a fact-based demonstration of real destroyer-ship capabilities . And surrounding the alien rumpus , the filmmakers have built an unexpectedly sincere salute to the awesome responsibilities of today 's U.S. Navy as well as to the heroic work of veterans who came before . For all that , the captains of this movie deserve a medal . B + See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Battleship " is a rousing , engaging , and emotionally complex action war picture There 's a nice little scene in which humans have to make a difficult decision Taylor Kitsch does an admirable , controlled job of steering his character
Parenting.com  -- What does being a mother mean when your baby is dying ? How do you parent a child with no future ? These questions needle the reader throughout Emily Rapp 's moving and beautiful new book , "  The Still Point of the Turning World . " In January of 2011 , when her son Ronan was just nine months old , Rapp learned he was dying from Tay-Sachs , a ruthless and heartbreaking disease with no cure . Ronan was given no more than three years to live . He had developed normally for six months until he simply stopped . He would very gradually unravel , fading away from her piece by piece , until his death in February of this year . Rapp , a powerfully elegant writer , turned to writing to grieve and for therapy . She processed her pain and fear on her blog , Little Seal . And now , Ronan lives on in this touching book -- as agonizing to read as it is imbued with hope and light . Parenting.com : How a Dragon Mom taught me to live in the moment Rapp recently spoke with Parenting 's Brian Braiker about Ronan , what it was like to shepherd and protect him , and what she hopes parents of healthy children can take away from her book . Parenting.com : This is one of the most personal and agonizing things one can imagine going through . How did the act of writing help you process and deal with it ? Rapp : I think it totally saved me . I talk to a lot of moms who lost their children to Tay-Sachs and a lot of them had children right after their child was diagnosed . I did not . I think I used the book as a way of putting life into the world . When you 're faced with death , the response is "  how do you create life ? " It gave me something to do that was a positive thing in the face of something that was just going to end in a horribly sad way . Parenting.com : What can you say about parenting without a future ? What does parenting become when your baby is dying ? Rapp : I think parenting is about wanting your child to have the best experience in the world possible . And I do n't mean the most privileged experience . I mean the happiest . There are a lot of devastating things about this disease and one of them is that it goes against all these primal instincts we have to protect our children . But it 's also a primal instinct to want to usher your child out of the world with dignity . That 's also taking care of your child . Parenting.com : And you found a kinship these other mothers of Tay-Sachs children . You call them dragon moms . Rapp : I love those ladies . What 's great about this moms ' group is that no one is trying to one-up each other , which is a nice relief and change from most parenting groups . They 're from all different parts of the world , different economic classes ; they 're hugely diverse in terms of religion , politics , age , geography . No one talks about things that would normally unite people like church or political affiliations . We talk about "  how do you use a suction machine ? Did you use a suction machine ? " It 's grim . But it 's people sharing ideas about how to make their kids most comfortable and what 's best for their kids and how difficult those decisions can be when you 're dealing with end-of-life issues . Parenting.com : My special needs baby changed my life for the better Parenting.com : What did you learn about the nature of grief and illness through Ronan ? Rapp : What I learned the most from this experience is that nobody knows anything about anything . There 's no norm , there 's no right life , there 's no right way , there 's no right person . All that stuff is completely silly . And it 's meant to rank each other on this ladder : if you had a life someone wishes they had , you 're a success . Which is stupid . If you 're the person doing the envying , you 're disregarding the things in your own life . Parenting.com : We all struggle with that grass-is-greener syndrome , fear of missing out . Rapp : It really shattered all of those categories for me . It 's not like I 'm suddenly some enlightened being . I 'm not enlightened at all . I do n't have any wisdom , it just made me realize so many of the things I was worried about were so silly . At first it terrified me , but now I find it really liberating . Parenting.com : This book is also about the myths and the stories we construct for ourselves . How do you provide a narrative for a dying baby , for someone who will never be able to even understand his own story ? Rapp : A lot of the book is me projecting on him . He was just his own guy . Yes , his life was completely tragic on a biological level . His body did not work in the world . But people were really moved by being with him -- not because it was a sad story , but because he was so present and calm . He never worried , because he did n't know how . He 's sort of beyond story and we 're left to create a story . But that itself is a story . It 's a very weird experience being around a human person who has no ego . It 's stunningly different than being around your average toddler . Parenting.com : Living for the day my autistic son speaks I 'd think about it in yoga class , when they say "  put it all out of your mind . " I 'd think "  that 's Ronan . He 's just chillin ' . " We try so hard to drop into those moments and it 's interesting when we meet a being that does it by his nature . Parenting.com : There is of course a lot of intense sadness and grief in this book , but there are also moments of great joy . Rapp : He would do funny things . He would giggle and have little sighs . He had a personality . Sometimes he would do something that would make me laugh . He was gorgeous and sweet . You could snuggle with him and take him places . All of that was happy . Behind that was this thunderous knowledge and fear of what was going to happen next . You ca n't bear the second without the first . That 's why those moments of elation happen . It 's what human beings have to do . At Tay-Sachs conferences , it 's the darkest humor you 've ever heard . Some people would probably find it offensive . But you have to laugh sometimes , to offload the gargantuan stress that is involved in taking care of a baby who 's dying . It sucks . Parenting.com : This book is all about living that knowledge that the end is coming . Now that you 're on the other side , is there something you would tell the you who was living in that ? Rapp : I would tell the me who was living that that when he died I would be relieved . And I was . I do n't know if there 's any right way to grieve . But when Ronan was diagnosed , it was like he died on that day . It was like he got hit by a truck . I went through what I think any parent who loses their child suddenly goes through . I was out of my mind . When he died , he was ready to die . Anyone who has witnessed a death or knows someone who died knows that in that final moment the body is unraveling . It will do its thing and you just have to witness it . It 's really wrenching but he was really , really sick when he died , and I wanted him to go because I did n't want him to suffer any more . I miss him , but there was nothing for him here . Parenting.com : You finished writing the book before he died , but it was written in past tense . Was that a deliberate choice ? Rapp : The blog was written in present tense . I did that because I was writing things as they unfolded . But it felt really breathless to have that in the narrative in present in terms of the craft of the writing . Also I did n't want his death scene to be in the book . If it stayed in present tense it felt like it had to end that way , whereas this is more looking back . Parenting.com : Is there anything you wish parents of healthy children would take away from this book ? Rapp : I wish parents of healthy children would n't be smug about it . There 's something about smug parents that really hacks me off . Parenting.com : Smug how ? Rapp : I hear this a lot from parents , and it 's like how is this in any way helpful ? "  Looking at your life makes me feel blessed . " Which is another way of saying "  I 'm glad I 'm not you . " Parenting.com : What a horrible thing to say . Rapp : It 's disgusting . And what I want to say but do n't say is "  you do n't know what 's going to happen . " I do n't wish anyone ill . But you do n't know what 's going to happen to your children , so you better enjoy them now . They could drown in a pool or get leukemia or shoot themselves in the head when they 're 30 . People do n't want to hear that . But do n't look at me and put that sympathy on me , because you do n't know when chaos will hit you . And it will . I have a great life . It 's a sad , complicated , beautiful , strange life . It 's mine . Parenting.com : You say you were n't a parent for very long . You do n't feel that once you 've been a mother , you 're always a mother ? Rapp : It rings a little false . I miss my kid . I miss caring for him . Sometimes I 'd get a glimpse of who he 'd have been if he had n't been sick and I wanted that kid . And I wanted to see him and meet him and know him . I 'm glad I was his mother . I just wish I had been able to be it for longer . Read an excerpt from Emily 's book Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Writer Emily Rapp 's son was diagnosed with Tay-Sachs disease at 9 months old As her son lived out his short life , Rapp grieved through writing Rapp delighted in moments of joy with her son and learned profound lessons
CNN  -- Hundreds of South Koreas were left in limbo after North Korea shut its borders Monday at the start of joint military exercises between the United States and South Korea . U.S. troops have started joint military exercises with their South Korean counterparts . When Pyongyang took the action , 573 South Koreans were staying at the Kaesong industrial complex , north of the demilitarized zone , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported . Many of the stranded South Koreans work at the complex , which is a joint project between the Koreas . "  The South Korean government is closely monitoring the situation and preparing for all contingencies , " said Kim Ho-nyun , a South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman . "  We emphasize that currently the first priority is the safety of our citizens . " Eighty South Koreans had applied to cross the border into South Korea on Monday , Kim said , but had not been cleared to do so . "  We are also not certain what will happen to the South Koreans that want to cross tomorrow as well , " he said . The cross-border developments came as North Korea said it would retaliate if a "  satellite " launch from its northeastern coast were intercepted , with the communist nation saying interference would "  mean a war . " "  Shooting our satellite for peaceful purposes will precisely mean a war , " a spokesman for the North Korean army said in a statement carried by the state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . U.S. and South Korean officials have said that North Korea appears to be preparing to test-fire its long-range missile , the Taepodong-2 , under the guise of launching a satellite into space . The missile is thought to have an intended range of about 6,700 kilometers  4,200 miles  , which -- if true -- could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii . North Korea 's bellicose announcement came on the first day of annual joint military drills between South Korea and the United States . "  We have said several times that the U.S.-South Korean military exercises are annual defensive exercises , " Kim said . "  We again urge North Korea to maintain the agreed stance of mutual respect and to stop its verbal attacks and actions that are raising tensions on the Korean peninsula , " he said . The North said it has shut its borders to "  any enemies " and has cut off "  the North-South military communications in order to guarantee the security . " North Korea said the military phone lines with the South , the last remaining communications channel , will remain closed until the 12-day military exercises end on March 20 , according to Yonhap . Kim said his government is urging North Korea "  to immediately retract this measure and to allow the smooth flow of personnel and communication . " On Saturday , U.S. envoy Stephen Bosworth said he wants dialogue with North Korea , but he also spoke against North Korea 's move to go forward with a launch , saying it would be "  ill-advised . "	573 people staying at Kaesong industrial complex , north of demilitarized zone 80 South Koreans not cleared to cross the border into South Korea Monday Follows vow to retaliate from N. Korea if its satellite launch is intercepted S. Korea , U.S. have started their annual joint military drills
Health.com  -- Doctors and health officials have relied for decades on body mass index  BMI  , a ratio of height to weight , to categorize people as overweight and obese . A new study , however , suggests the use of BMI may be leading us to underestimate the already sky-high obesity rate . BMI , the researchers say , is an overly simplistic measure that often misrepresents physical fitness and overall health , especially among older women . Nearly 4 in 10 adults whose BMI places them in the overweight category would be considered obese if their body fat percentage were taken into account , according to the study . "  Some people call it the ` baloney mass index , ' " says lead author Eric Braverman , M.D. , president of the Path Foundation , a nonprofit organization in New York City dedicated to brain research . Bodybuilders can be classified as obese based on their BMI , he says , while "  a 55-year-old woman who looks great in a dress could have very little muscle and mostly body fat , and a whole lot of health risks because of that -- but still have a normal BMI . " Health.com : Surprising celebrity BMIs Based on their findings , Braverman and his coauthor , New York State Commissioner of Health Nirav Shah , M.D. , say the BMI threshold for obesity , which now stands at 30 , should be lowered to 24 for women and 28 for men . By that standard , a 5-foot 6-inch woman and a 5-foot 11-inch man would be considered obese at about 150 and 200 pounds , respectively . The study participants -- patients at a specialized private health clinic in Manhattan -- are n't typical of the population as a whole , Braverman notes . Still , he says , the large discrepancy between BMI and body fat measures seen in the study suggest that BMI guidelines should be revisited . "  People are n't being diagnosed -LSB- as obese -RSB- , so they 're not being told about their risk of disease or being given instruction on how to improve their health , " says Braverman , who is also a clinical assistant professor of neurosurgery at Weill Cornell Medical College , in New York City . Health.com : Best superfoods for weight loss James Hospedales , M.D. , chief of noncommunicable diseases at the Pan American Health Organization , a division of the World Health Organization based in Washington , D.C. , says that while one study is not enough to justify changing national standards , the findings do call for a discussion . "  We 've known for a long time that BMI is not a perfect measurement , and that it 's important to look at the overall picture , " Hospedales says . "  In this study , it turns out that a lot of people who are classified as just overweight in fact have a bit more to worry about , and those are indeed valuable findings . " But lowering the cutoff for obesity could create its own problems , Hospedales adds . "  We 'd also be calling an increasing number of people obese who are n't , which could lead to issues with stigma , insurance policies , and other problems , " he says . "  We have to think quite carefully about the pros and cons . " Health.com : Can you be fit and fat ? In the study , published today in the journal PLoS One , Braverman and Shah compared the BMI of roughly 1,400 men and women with their body fat percentage , which was measured using a type of scan , known as dual energy X-ray absorptiometry  DXA  , that provides a detailed breakdown of fat , muscle , and bone mass .  DXA scans are also used to measure bone density . Overall , 39 % of patients who were merely overweight by BMI standards fell into the obese category for body fat percentage , which the American Society of Bariatric Physicians defines as 25 % or more for men and 30 % or more for women . BMI appeared to provide a far less accurate picture among women , possibly because women lose muscle mass faster than men as they age , the study notes . Nearly half of the women were considered obese according to body fat percentage but not BMI , compared to just one-quarter of the men . Health.com : Mistakes women make in middle age Testing for blood levels of the hormone leptin could boost the usefulness of BMI , the study suggests . Leptin , which helps regulate energy and appetite , was strongly associated with body fat percentage in the study , and it has previously been linked to obesity-related health complications . Adjusting BMI to account for leptin levels would provide patients with a more accurate measure of their disease risk , Braverman says . Lowering BMI obesity cutoffs , using DXA scans when possible , and incorporating leptin tests represents a "  three-pronged approach , " Braverman says . "  Making these changes now can save the U.S. a fortune down the road , if it allows us to alert more people to their risks and prevent them from getting worse . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	BMI , researchers say , may be an overly simplistic measure for overall health BMI threshold for obesity should be lowered to 24 for women and 28 for men , authors say Authors : Patients who are not considered obese are n't being told about their health risks
London  CNN  -- A man accused of defacing a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II with paint at Westminster Abbey is due in court on Friday , police in London said . Tim Haries , an electrician from South Yorkshire , has been charged with causing criminal damage over Â # 5,000 , Metropolitan Police said . The 41-year-old suspect was arrested on Thursday soon after the damage to the painting was reported . He will appear before Westminster Magistrates ' Court . The portrait , by the Australian-born artist Ralph Heimans , has been taken down , the abbey said in a statement Thursday . "  Until work can be done to remedy the damage it will -- very regrettably -- not be possible to have the painting on public view , " it said . The portrait went on show in the Chapter House last month as part of the abbey 's celebrations for the 60th anniversary of the queen 's coronation . The 9-foot by 11-foot oil painting depicts the queen in state dress , including the crimson velvet robe she wore for her coronation in 1953 , in an imagined scene at night in the abbey . According to the abbey website , it captures the queen "  in a moment of solitary reflection . " Last week , the queen and other royals attended a service at the abbey to mark 60 years since her coronation there . There have been 38 coronations at Westminster Abbey since the coronation of William the Conqueror in 1066 . Westminster Abbey is also where Prince William married Catherine Middleton in 2011 . Gallery : A look at the life of Queen Elizabeth II	A man accused of defacing a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II is due in court Tim Haries has been charged with causing criminal damage over Â # 5,000 The portrait , by the Australian-born artist Ralph Heimans , has been taken down It went on display in the abbey last month to mark 60 years since the queen 's coronation
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Egypt had a critical role to play in countering extremism , as he met with Egyptian leaders in his latest effort to build regional support for President Barack Obama 's strategy to combat ISIS . His stop in Cairo follows talks with leaders in Turkey on Friday and meetings with Arab leaders in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , a day earlier . Kerry spoke with Egypt 's President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby , before meeting with Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry . Egypt , a country whose population makes up a quarter of the Arab world , has great influence in the region as an intellectual and cultural capital , Kerry told a news conference in Cairo . As such it can play a central role in the global fight against terrorism and extremism , he said , adding that this had been an important feature of the Arab leaders ' discussions in Jeddah . The ideology of ISIS has "  nothing to do with Islam , " Kerry said . "  It is increasingly clear that its message of hate is rejected by the overwhelming majority of Muslims around the world . "  I 've heard this loud and clear from leader after leader in Muslim states that I 've visited and it is clear in the pronouncements of religious leaders around the world . " Nice words but limited commitment so far for Obama 's ISIS coalition ` No place in modern world ' Kerry also spoke of the need for international partners to support the new government in Iraq , not only militarily but with humanitarian aid , addressing illicit funding stream reaching ISIS and stopping the flow of foreign fighters . Kerry said efforts to move forward the coalition against ISIS would continue Monday in Paris , where France is hosting an international conference on the crisis in Iraq . The Australian government is preparing to deploy up to 10 aircraft , including up to eight combat aircraft , to the United Arab Emirates in response to a U.S. request to contribute to the coalition , the Australian prime minister 's office said Sunday . "  We are not deploying combat troops but contributing to international efforts to prevent the humanitarian crisis from deepening , " Prime Minister Tony Abbott 's office said in a statement . The threat posed by ISIS will also be on the agenda of the upcoming U.N. General Assembly meeting in New York , Kerry said . Almost every country in the world can help in the fight against the Sunni extremist group , he said . "  The bottom line is that terrorists like ISIL have no place in the modern world but it 's up to the world to enforce that truth . " The U.S. government refers to ISIS as ISIL , while the group now calls itself Islamic State . Kerry also said he had discussed Egypt 's democratic transition with el-Sisi . Kerry : U.S. not at war with ISIS ` Acute threat ' A senior State Department official told reporters on the way to Cairo that a "  broad consensus " was reached in the Jeddah talks that the threat posed by ISIS is the most acute in the region . This threat "  crosses borders , and if it is n't stopped , would increasingly expand beyond borders , " the official said . "  So that is why , not just Egypt , but all countries in the region need to focus not just on whatever parochial counterterrorism and other issues that they need to resolve , but also this broader threat to the region and beyond . " Obama outlined a plan in a speech Wednesday to "  dismantle and ultimately destroy " the Sunni extremist group that has seized a swath of territory across Iraq and Syria . ISIS has said it 's bent on creating an Islamic "  caliphate , " where harsh Sharia law governs every aspect of life . As Iraq needs strong air support from its allies to confront ISIS , French President Francois Hollande promised Iraq 's new Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi that France "  will participate in efforts to hit terrorist locations in Iraq , " al-Abadi told reporters in Baghdad Friday . "  We need air support and not soldiers on the ground , " al-Abadi said . U.S. forces have already carried out more than 150 air strikes against ISIS targets in Iraq . Military aid Obama said Wednesday that the U.S. counterterrorism operation could include possible airstrikes in civil war-torn Syria . He also said 475 more U.S. military advisers will head to Iraq , raising the total of American forces there to 1,700 for a mission originally described as limited . In addition , Obama shifted $ 25 million in military aid to Iraqi forces , including Kurdish fighters in the north combating the ISIS extremists . The aid could include ammunition , small arms and vehicles , as well as military education and training , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . It 's not clear how soon U.S. forces will launch operations in Syria . New U.S. envoy to join coalition Kerry announced Saturday his appointment of retired Gen. John Allen as special presidential envoy for the new coalition to fight ISIS , to be joined by Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Brett McGurk . Both will begin work immediately , according to Kerry 's statement . Taking on ISIS : That which we call a ` war ' ...	Australia will send up to 10 aircraft to help fight ISIS after a U.S. request U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry : Egypt can play critical role in fighting extremism Kerry is in the Egyptian capital for talks ahead of a conference on ISIS in Paris He has already met with Arab leaders in Saudi Arabia and Turkish leaders in Ankara
Raffaele Sollecito was a 23-year-old computer science student when his girlfriend 's roommate , Meredith Kercher , was found dead in the house she shared with Amanda Knox in Perugia , Italy , in 2007 . The discovery was the beginning of what Sollecito has called "  a nightmare " he would n't wish on anyone . In 2009 , he and Knox were convicted of Kercher 's murder . In 2011 , the pair were acquitted -- only to have that decision overturned by Italian Supreme Court judges two years later . A retrial began in Florence in September 2013 . The initial guilty verdict at the 2009 trial had not been the result Sollecito had been expecting . "  When the sentencing was read , I did n't understand what was happening and even now it seems impossible and still I do n't understand why I was convicted , " he said in a prison interview through his lawyer the week after the sentencing . He said then he dreamed of returning to his studies . Sollecito is from Bari , on the Adriatic coast , far south of the central Italian university town where he was studying . In his prison interview , he said he missed the smell of the sea , among other things . "  Above all my family , " he said in the interview conducted via attorney Luca Maori . "  I also miss my friends , the everyday life , the walks in my town 's square . " Sollecito finished his computer science degree while in prison , according to media reports . He was not studying at the same university as Knox , and was not held in the same prison . In the prison interview , he described how the verdict brought the world collapsing down on him and Knox . But he denied then that he was still in love with her , saying , "  I feel close to her because I consider her my companion in misadventure . " He rejected the idea that Knox was capable of murder . "  I do n't even dare think a thing like that . It is absurd and inadmissible . She is a very sweet girl , " he insisted . When their successful appeal saw Knox and Sollecito freed in 2011 -- after four years in prison -- they set about trying to rebuild their lives , a continent apart . Sollecito had hoped simply to blend in in his hometown of Bari . "  I only hope to be forgotten ; the sooner the better . I want to have a normal life , " he said before his release . "  I do n't want to be recognized when I leave the prison . " ` Journey to hell ' Sollecito published a book in 2012 , the first by someone directly involved in the chain of events sparked by the discovery of Kercher 's body . The memoir , "  Honor Bound : My Journey to Hell and Back with Amanda Knox , " draws heavily on diaries he kept and letters he wrote to friends , family and his hometown newspaper during his years in prison , the preface says . Sollecito chronicles the day of the murder , admitting that he and Knox smoked marijuana that afternoon , which he says he regretted because it clouded his memory of what happened . While maintaining his innocence , he says he does not clearly remember even if Knox spent the night with him . He and Knox made mistakes the morning of the discovery , including trusting police investigators , he writes . Sollecito acknowledges that at times , he was uncomfortable with Knox 's "  bizarre behavior , " which he says prosecutors used against both of them . In the epilogue , he recounts how he went to visit Knox in Seattle after their release , but he was nervous to see her . "  I was n't at all sure it was a good idea and I continued to waver back and forth even after I booked my ticket . "  We had been through so much ; perhaps we owed it to each other to live our lives and leave each other in peace . " Rather than that hoped-for peace , Sollecito 's nightmare began again following the 2013 ruling of the Supreme Court judges in Rome that there should be a retrial . In an interview with CNN soon after the retrial opened in September 2013 , Sollecito maintained his innocence . "  I just think that in the Italian system , there 's something really wrong in the rules that they sometimes are not respected or they are turned to hurt people . And they can hurt actually innocent people , " he said . "  My life now is a hell . " Sollecito took the stand to defend himself in November . "  I would like to make you understand that these charges against me are absurd , " he told the court . "  There was not a basis to charge me , to put me in jail ... I do n't wish anybody on Earth to go through what I went through . " He said that evidence against him -- a knife that was a key part of the prosecution 's case -- was "  an illusion . " "  I ask you ... to really look at reality , " he implored the judges . "  For me , it 's a nightmare that goes beyond imagination ... "  Right now , I do n't have a real life . " Read more : Family keeps Kercher 's memory alive Read more : Six things to know about retrial Read more : Meredith Kercher murder case timeline Read more : Who is Amanda Knox ?	Sollecito and Amanda Knox were convicted of murder in Meredith Kercher 's 2007 death In 2011 , they were acquitted but that decision was overturned and a retrial began in 2013 Sollecito wrote a memoir , "  Honor Bound : My Journey to Hell and Back with Amanda Knox " He has described his experience as "  a nightmare that goes beyond imagination "
Washington  CNN  If Sen. Bernie Sanders were the director of the Lego Movie , whose catchy song blares , "  Everything is awesome , " the animated film 's title track would have been decidedly less upbeat . For Sanders , everything in the United States is n't awesome -- far from it , in fact . "  I know that people are n't comfortable when I say this , but I worry very , very much of the future of democracy in our country , " said the Vermont independent , speaking at the Brookings Institution on Monday . Sanders is known for highlighting what he sees as the ills that plague the United States in speeches and interviews . He regularly decries the amount of money in politics , frets about the growing income inequality gap and attacks the "  greed , recklessness and illegal behavior of Wall Street . " But Monday 's was down even more dour than usual . Sanders said former President Abraham Lincoln 's vision of "  government of the people , by the people , for the people , " was not only "  perishing " but "  coming to an end . " Instead , Sanders argued the United States was becoming a country "  of the billionaires , by the billionaires , for the billionaires " who are now able to "  purchase the candidates of their choice . " "  The most serious problem we face is the grotesque and growing level of wealth and income inequality , " Sanders said . "  This is a profound moral issue , this is an economic issue and this is a political issue . " After a 30-minute prepared speech , one questioner joked that Sanders was n't laying out a positive agenda like Ronald Reagan 's "  morning in America . " Moderator E.J. Dionne quickly joked it was more like "  mourning in America . " "  I have been trying to be more cheerful , " he said , adding that his wife jokingly says he should hand out "  tranquilizers and anti-suicide kits , " after he speaks . The senator , who is entertaining a 2016 presidential run , was n't without ideas to combat these problems , though . Sanders urged breaking up big banks , backed a $ 1 trillion investment in infrastructure and proposed making college free to anyone who wants it . He also urged raising taxes on Wall Street -- whose business is based on "  fraud and deception " -- and passing "  real tax reform " to pay for his plans . He also came out against Israeli Prime Minster Benjamin Netanyahu 's upcoming speech to Congress . "  I am not going , " he said . The speech has rankled some in the White House because it did not follow traditional protocols for foreign leaders visiting the United States . The message , however dour , seemed to connect . After the event , people could be heard asking about the senators presidential aspirations and urging him to run . Sanders will travel to key presidential states like Iowa and New Hampshire in the coming months where he will take this message on the road . If he runs , Sanders will likely face Hillary Clinton , the former secretary of state and frontrunner for the Democratic nomination . Clinton is "  a woman I respect , clearly a very intelligent person who I think is interested in issues , " Sanders said , adding that if he challenges her , he hopes to have a debate over climate change , the war in Iraq and other issues . "  It is not my style to trash people , " Sanders said , hinting that he would n't go negative if he runs .	Sen. Bernie Sanders was dour on the state of the United States in a speech on Monday "  I worry very , very much of the future of democracy in our country , " he said
New York  CNN  -- Competitive eater Joey "  Jaws " Chestnut proved himself the official top dog of the hot dog-eating world when he ate 62 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes at the annual Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest on Monday , but his archnemesis Takeru Kobayashi crushed Chestnut 's world record at an off-site event where he pounded down 69 hot dogs and buns . For the fifth year in a row , Chestnut beat the 17-man field at the 96th annual Major League Eating event at Coney Island in Brooklyn , New York . Kobayashi , who has been banned from the contest due to a contract dispute with Major League Eating , competed from afar : on the roof of a Manhattan bar , in unison with Chestnut and his fellow competitors . Kobayashi polished off 69 hot dogs and buns to the tune of a crowd chanting "  Kobi ! Kobi ! " and the official Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest playing on a television beside him . He beat Chestnut 's 2009 world record of 68 hot dogs and buns . But Chestnut brushed off the feat since Kobayashi was miles away from the cheering crowds in Brooklyn . "  It was n't a competition , " he said . "  It was no different than what I do at practice on my own and I 'm able to break a record at my house , " Chestnut added . Event organizers agree , arguing that the record is not official if it 's not broken at Coney Island . "  I do n't know if it was a magic show or an eating contest , " said Richard Shea , president of Major League Eating . "  Not having been there , it seems like a bit of a farce . The hot dog eating contest is on Coney Island . " Major League Eating will not recognize Kobayashi 's 69 hot dogs as a new world record , Shea said . Kobayashi , who gained 18 pounds during the contest , said his makeshift competition was to remind the world "  that I 'm still good , that I 'm still in the contest , " he said through an interpreter . "  During practice , I had already broken the record , so I had enough confidence that I could beat that , " he added . Kobayashi took home six consecutive Nathan 's contest titles from 2001 to 2006 . Last year , he was arrested after rushing the stage at the Coney Island event . But Chestnut remains the official champion , and he will share his official title with Sonya "  The Black Widow " Thomas , who devoured 40 hot dogs and buns to beat eight other eaters in the first women 's Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest . Thomas missed her own personal record by just one hot dog . Event organizers split the contest into female and male competitions this year to give the ever-expanding female field of competitors a chance at the big prize . Both Chestnut and Thomas were awarded $ 10,000 . Chestnut took home the contest 's signature Mustard belt -- a yellow championship belt -- while Thomas was the first recipient of a pink belt , meant to promote event sponsor Pepto Bismol .	Joey Chestnut wins Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest , eating 62 hot dogs and buns Takeru Kobayashi beats Chestnut 's world record at a separate event Major League Eating will not recognize Kobayashi 's feat as a record Sonya Thomas wins the women 's competition , eating 40 hot dogs and buns
CNN  -- The Atlanta Hawks organization 's issues with race go beyond one inflammatory email or offensive comments on one conference call , the team 's CEO said , before promising fans that those systemic problems will be corrected . "  As an organization , we must own these shortcomings and failures , " Steve Koonin wrote in an open letter Saturday to his team , fans and the city of Atlanta . " ... We should build bridges through basketball , not divide our community or serve as a source of pain . " Koonin 's comments come a day after general manager Danny Ferry began an indefinite leave of absence tied to controversial comments he made in June about Luol Deng , then a prospective free agent player . And they occurred six days after the franchise 's owner , Bruce Levenson , announced he would sell his controlling interest team in light of a 2012 email that many derided as racist . In the same announcement last Sunday setting the stage for Levenson 's exit , the NBA said that Koonin will oversee team operations during the ownership transition . The Hawks CEO did not mention Levenson or Ferry specifically in his letter Saturday , nor did he delve into detail into their or possible other cases . But he did say that "  we enough today , based on investigations conducted by the league , by external legal counsel on behalf of the team and information that has appeared in the media , that our shortcomings are beyond a single email , a single person or a single event . "  To the contrary , over a period of years , we have found that there have been inflammatory words , phrases , inferences and innuendos about race , " Koonin said . "  We as an organization did not correct these failures . We did not do the right thing . " Koonin then laid out four key steps aimed at addressing the issue : Koonin ended his letter with an appeal to rally around the team 's players , rather than abandon them out of frustration . "  We ask our fans to continue to support our players as we all learn through this process -- we should not punish them , " he said . "  We aim to win as a collective team both on and off the court . " CEO : Incidents ` put a blemish on our team and our city ' The issue of race , and the prospect of alienating African-Americans , takes on added significance in Atlanta , given its history and makeup . The home of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and other civil rights leaders , Atlanta was one of the few large Southern cities not to see major race-related disruptions during the 1960s as it earned the reputation as "  the city too busy to hate . " Today , Atlanta is led by a black mayor in Kasim Reed and its population is 54 % African-American , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . All but a handful of players on the Hawks roster are black . In the 2012 email to Ferry that led to his giving up the team , Levenson estimated African-Americans made up 70 % of those attending Hawks games and 90 % of those in the Philips Arena bars . He said , too , that the team 's cheerleaders were black and hip-hop , rap and gospel music was likely to be heard in the arena . "  Then i start looking around at other arenas . It is completely different . Even  Washington  DC with its affluent black community never has more than a 15 pct black audience , " Levenson wrote . The Hawks ' controlling owner then offered his thoughts on why more whites did n't attend games : "  My theory is that the black crowd scared away the whites and there are simply not enough affluent black fans to build a significant season ticket base . "  I never felt uncomfortable , but i think southern whites simply were not comfortable being in an arena or at a bar where they were in the minority . " Levenson then outlined steps to take , like asking for more "  music familiar to a 40 year old white guy " and that camera shots and "  the kiss cam " do n't focus as much on black fans . He said changes had shifted the crowd makeup , by his estimates , to 40 % African-American as of 2012 . Still , Levenson insisted that African-Americans ' lack of "  spendable income " and whites being uncomfortable in an arena with many blacks was still "  far and away the number one reason our season ticket base is so low . " Hawks owner to sell team after racially charged email The comments that led to Ferry 's going on leave were n't directed at African-American fans , but one black player in particular -- former Chicago Bulls and current Miami Heat forward Luol Deng . In a June conference call discussing free agent options , Ferry said that Deng  who was born in South Sudan  was "  not perfect . He 's got some African in him , " according to audio obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution . He also characterizes Deng as "  a two-faced liar and cheat " who is "  like a guy who would have a nice store out front but sell you counterfeit stuff out of the back. , " according to a letter about the comments to Levenson written by J. Michael Gearon Jr. , a minority owner of the Hawks . Ferry has apologized , saying he was "  repeating " words prepared by others . The audio of the call and a copy of the scouting report shows similarities , though Ferry did not read word-for-word from the report . Hawks GM on leave over controversial comments Koonin , in his letter Saturday , acknowledged that these and other , similar examples are n't acceptable , especially in Atlanta . "  I am deeply saddened and embarrassed , " he wrote , "  that this has put a blemish on our team and our city , which has always been a diverse community with a history of coming together as one . " CNN 's Jill Martin contributed to this report .	Hawks CEO Steve Koonin writes an open letter to fans and the city of Atlanta It follows news of controversial remarks from Hawks owner and general manager Koonin says those were n't isolated incidents , saying other "  failures " were n't corrected "  We should build bridges through basketball , not divide our community , " he says
CNN  -- As awful as Louisville guard Kevin Ware 's leg injury appeared during Sunday night 's Elite Eight game against Duke , Ware could be back on the court in six months to a year , an orthopedic surgeon says . Fans across America averted their eyes in horror Sunday night as Ware , 20 , came down wrong on his leg , causing a gruesome break . His right tibia , or shinbone , broke through the skin in what 's called an open or compound fracture . Open fractures often cause damage to the surrounding muscles , tendons and ligaments , according to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons . "  This type of fracture is particularly serious because once the skin is broken , infection both the wound and the bone can occur , " the academy 's website states . Ware was immediately taken to an Indianapolis hospital . In a two-hour surgery , his bone was reset and a rod inserted into his tibia , according to a statement from Kenneth Klein , senior associate athletic director for media relations at the University of Louisville . That 's typical procedure for this kind of injury , says orthopedic surgeon Dr. Fred Azar of Memphis , who is not involved in Ware 's care . After the wound is washed out , doctors address any tears in the surrounding tissue . Then a steel or titanium rod is placed inside the hollow leg bone to reconnect it where it broke . After surgery , Azar places his patients on antibiotics to lower the risk of infection . Although the fracture looked extraordinary , Azar says , he sees it all the time in his practice . Open fractures are usually the result of a "  high-energy " trauma , according to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons website . Orthopedic surgeon Dr. Saul Kaplan of Springfield , Virginia , says Ware may have twisted his leg as he landed , causing the bone to snap . Kaplan -- who also is not involved in Ware 's care -- said it 's also possible Ware had a benign bone tumor that weakened the tibia before his fall . If there is no nerve damage , Kaplan says , doctors will probably get Ware up and moving the day after surgery . And with intensive daily physical therapy , he could be back on the basketball court in six months to a year . Of course , with serious injuries comes the risk of serious complications , according to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons . The three most common complications for open fractures are infection , difficulty healing and a condition called acute compartment syndrome . That develops when pressure builds in the muscles surrounding the injury ; it 's painful and can cause tissue death if the pressure is not relieved , according to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons website . If Ware 's leg does n't heal properly , he may need more surgery . Before leaving the court Sunday night , Ware reportedly told his teammates to focus on winning . A photo posted on the Internet shows his jubilant teammates holding up Ware 's jersey as they celebrate their win . Another showed Ware in his hospital bed , holding the trophy his teammates brought to him . "  Ware will remain in Indianapolis until at least Tuesday , when he is hopeful to return to Louisville and then join the Cardinals as they advance to the NCAA Final Four in Atlanta , " Klein said . The Louisville Cardinals take on the Wichita State Shockers at 6:05 p.m. ET on Saturday . Get updates on Ware 's condition on Bleacher Report	Louisville 's Kevin Ware suffered from an open fracture in his right tibia on Sunday Ware underwent two-hour surgery to reset his leg ; a rod was inserted into the bone Without nerve damage or complications , Ware could return to the court in six months
CNN  -- The Beach Boys were all smiles this week when they unveiled their exhibit at the Grammy Museum in Los Angeles . Earlier this year , they put aside their differences to reunite in a very public way : on-stage at "  The 54th Annual Grammy Awards . " That was followed by the release of their first album of new material in 20 years , and an extensive worldwide tour to celebrate their 50th anniversary . All five members -- Brian Wilson , Mike Love , Al Jardine , Bruce Johnston and David Marks -- seemed genuinely excited when talking about their reunion . "  The value of the music is so good , " Love said . "  Good vibrations , you might say . " But good vibrations may now be a thing of the past . Just before the Grammy Museum celebration , Love and Johnston issued a press release announcing they would be hitting the road with their own incarnation of the Beach Boys . According to the tersely worded statement , "  The post-50th anniversary configuration will not include Brian Wilson , Al Jardine and David Marks . The 50th Reunion Tour was designed to be a set tour with a beginning and an end to mark a special 50-year milestone for the band . " A blindsided Wilson said , "  I 'm disappointed and ca n't understand why he  Love  does n't want to tour with Al , David and me . We are out here having so much fun . After all , we are the real Beach Boys . " The Brian Wilson-Mike Love version of the Beach Boys has just arrived in London for the final two dates of their reunion tour . If the splintered Beach Boy factions ca n't come to an agreement about their future , the September 28 concert at Wembley Stadium may be the last we see of this particular lineup . Wilson has said he 'd like his next project to be a rock 'n' roll album . Right now , he does n't know who he 'll be working with on the record , but adds that he 'd like it to be the Beach Boys . 50 years of teen bliss : Serenaded by the Beach Boys	Beach Boys near end of 50th anniversary tour Two band members say they 'll be touring without the others Brian Wilson says he was hoping to keep making music with the whole group
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Fantasy author Terry Pratchett has admitted that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer 's disease -- but says he plans to continue writing his multi-million selling Discworld books . Terry Pratchett , whose books have sold more than 45 million copies worldwide in 33 languages . Pratchett , 59 -- whose books have , according to his Web site , sold more than 45 million copies worldwide in 33 languages -- suffered what he called a "  phantom stroke " earlier this year . In a statement titled "  an embuggerance " on the Web site of Discworld illustrator Paul Kidby , Pratchett says that he has been diagnosed with what he terms "  a very rare form of early onset Alzheimer 's . " "  I would have liked to keep this one quiet for a little while , but because of upcoming conventions and of course the need to keep my publishers informed , it seems to me unfair to withhold the news , " says Pratchett , who has a strong following among fans of fantasy fiction . "  All other things being equal , I expect to meet most current and , as far as possible , future commitments but will discuss things with the various organisers , " he continues . "  Frankly , I would prefer it if people kept things cheerful , because I think there 's time for at least a few more books yet . " Pratchett adds that work is continuing on his next book "  Nation " and that the "  basic notes are already being laid down for Unseen Academicals . " In a P.S. he adds that "  I would just like to draw attention to everyone reading the above that this should be interpreted as ' I am not dead ' . I will , of course , be dead at some future point , as will everybody else . "  I know it 's a very human thing to say ` Is there anything I can do ' , but in this case I would only entertain offers from very high-end experts in brain chemistry . " Pratchett 's Discworld novels , of which 36 have been published to date , are set in a fantasy universe through which the author satirizes modern-day life . He says in a statement on his own Web site that the series "  started out as a parody of all the fantasy that was around in the big boom of the early '80s , then turned into a satire on just about everything , and even I do n't know what it is now . " Pratchett , who began writing while a provincial newspaper journalist in the 1960s , received the Order of the British Empire "  for services to literature " from the Prince of Wales in 1998 . E-mail to a friend	Multi-million selling writer has "  a very rare form of early onset Alzheimer 's " Terry Pratchett says work continuing on books , plans to honor commitments Discworld novels are set in a fantasy universe but satirize modern day life Received the Order of the British Empire from the Prince of Wales in 1998
About halfway between Rome and Naples , something magical is happening in a picturesque Italian town they call the "  Village of Eternity . " If you come to Campodimele to sip an espresso in the main piazza , feast on spaghetti with ricotta sauce or walk along the medieval city wall , you will be relaxing in a place with one of the longest life expectancies on the planet . Is it the peaceful surroundings ? The pure mountain air ? The stress-free lifestyle ? The wonderful food ? Whatever the reason , Campodimele 's residents can expect to live to 95 , writes Tracey Lawson , a British journalist who became intrigued by the village and traveled there to experience its charms and discover its secrets . "  When I got there , I just fell in love with the place , " Lawson said . "  My life became seasonal and had a rhythm imposed upon it , which I very much liked . " She went hunting for wild asparagus , ate sugary ripe figs fresh from the tree and learned how to make pasta from the locals , just a few of the pleasures she found in Campodimele . She believes that the local cuisine -- made up of fresh , seasonal , locally grown food -- plays a key role in the residents ' extraordinary longevity . Try a ` Village of Eternity ' recipe : Stuffed , baked eggplant Lawson , 43 , did n't just get a glimpse into how to live long ; she also discovered how to live well , she writes in "  A Year in the Village of Eternity , " a book that 's both a love letter to the town and a collection of its recipes . Lawson recently spoke with CNN from her home in Carlisle , in northern England . She divides her time between the U.K. and Campodimele but hopes to permanently move to Italy . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : What is Campodimele like ? Tracey Lawson : Campodimele is a classic Italian rural idyll . It 's a village that is about 1,000 years old and situated on a mountain top in the middle of the Aurunci Mountains . It 's about 25 km  15 miles  from the Tyrrhenian Sea coast . A lot of tourists tend to zip from Rome to Naples ; they go straight down the motorway , and they miss out this area inland . The village is just this little cluster of medieval houses made out of stone , lots of lovely stone staircases and little piazzas . It has a perfect circular wall , which dates from the 11th century with 12 turrets . Lots of the houses that people live in are actually built into the defensive walls , so some of the kitchens that I was lucky enough to cook in and been invited into are literally 1,000 years old . There are olive trees on the slopes in the background . It 's very beautiful . CNN : What advice can you offer for travelers who want to go ? Lawson : The first thing I would do is go to the main piazza . It 's very beautiful , because it sort of drops off the edge of the valley so you can see all across the Liri Valley . There 's a bar on the piazza which is called the Moonlight Café . It may take its name from the fact that when you 're sitting on the piazza outside the café , the moon just sort of rises like a lantern . It really does meet all your expectations of a beautiful Italian village . CNN : The town seems to be big on food festivals . What are they like ? Lawson : One of the nicest times to go to Campodimele is in August , when there are two key food festivals . One is the festival of the "  cicerchie . " The cicerchie is a small bean that looks a bit like a squashed chickpea , and it 's very particular to Campodimele . It 's got a taste all of its own . It 's sort of sweet and musty , and it 's one of the key dishes of Campodimele . During the festival , they cook the cicerchie in huge vats on the street . People come from as far away as Rome and Naples just to come and taste it . They also have the festival of "  laine e fagioli . " Laine is simple pasta ribbons made out of just flour and water . It 's sort of the poor man 's pasta , as opposed to pasta that is made from flour and eggs , which is richer . There are stalls laid out in the village , and you can see the ladies rolling the pasta and cutting it into ribbons . Then it 's served up to the public with sort of a tomato sauce laced with beans and onions . CNN : In the spring , you were also invited to taste the first shallots of the season , which pack quite a punch . How did you like eating a raw shallot ? Lawson : It nearly blew my head off , seriously . Think of the worst shot of vodka you 've ever had , but it tastes like onions . But they 're absolutely delicious fried . The shallot festival is just a very local , impromptu thing . It 's not an organized festival . But if you happen to be in the village around that time , you 'd be very welcome to try them out . CNN : Where can you stay or eat in Campodimele ? Lawson : There is a hotel called Spunta la Luna . The quality of food in the local restaurants is amazing . It 's all locally sourced . The standard method of raising produce is organically . They do n't even bother using the word "  organic " because it 's just so normal to them , there 's no need to use the phrase . So it 's all locally grown fruits and vegetables . A lot of the restaurants serve goat or wild boar , which is hunted on the hills . CNN : You were eating so many delicious things when you lived in the village . Did you lose weight or gain weight during your time there ? Or did you even care ? Lawson : I did n't really care too much . But I did lose a lot of weight , despite the fact that I must have been eating a lot more calories . Everything has a lot more olive oil . I just put olive oil on everything , and I still do . I really think it 's the elixir of life . I think the weight loss is probably due to the lack of stress . I always have this theory that it would make sense that if your body is full of adrenaline , your fight-or-flight mechanism is going to tell your body to conserve fat . CNN : How do you get to Campodimele ? Lawson : If you are in Rome or Naples , you can get a train , which runs directly between those two cities and jump off at the town of Formia . It 's much easier to go by car . If you come down from Rome , which takes about an hour and 40 minutes , you would actually travel along the Via Appia  the ancient Appian Way  so it 's a very historic route . Once you get outside of Rome , it 's very much green fields and blue skies . Once you turn off the major roads , you 're actually traveling upland into the mountains , so there are lovely winding roads and green tunnels of trees . The only thing I would say is , watch out for cows on the road . Do n't speed , because the cows just stand in the middle of the road , and they just look at you . At nighttime , you 've got to watch out for the wild boar , which run along the road as well .	Residents of idyllic Campodimele , Italy , can expect to live to 95 The lovely village has peaceful surroundings , pure mountain air and a stress-free lifestyle Author Tracey Lawson was enchanted by the freshness of the food and the local cuisine The village has two big food festivals in August , celebrating beans and pasta
CNN  -- Shortly after McDonald 's celebrated its 30-year presence in France , the fast-food chain is conquering one of the country 's most valued cultural institutions -- the Louvre . McDonalds ' burgers and fries will be available under the inverted glass pyramid of the Louvre . The restaurant will be serving its fast burgers in the Carrousel du Louvre , an underground shopping mall which lies under the main entrance of the museum and which still contains an ancient wall that was discovered during construction works . McDonald 's ' plans seem to have caused more media attention abroad than in France , but for some French outlets , the idea of combining fast food and ancient art is stomach churning . The Parisian Web site "  Louvre pour tous "  Louvre for everyone  describes McDonald 's ' decision to open a restaurant in the prestigious museum as "  bad taste " and blamed the Louvre 's directors for failing to prevent what could result in "  fragrances of fries drifting under Mona Lisa 's nose " . A spokeswoman for the museum told CNN it was not their decision and declined to comment further on the issue . The Carrousel du Louvre mall is managed by Unibail-Rodamco , Europe 's largest property company , and not the museum itself . The mall , which is situated next to the most visited museum in the world , counts 8.3 million visitors a year and enjoyed a total gross sales of $ 75 million in 2008 . Le Parisien , a daily newspaper described the difference between McDonald 's and the Louvre by comparing Ronald McDonald , the restaurant 's clown character , to Venus de Milo , the famous ancient Greek statue of Aphrodite , which is on display at the Louvre . Should McDonald 's be in the Louvre ? Tell us what you think in the Soundoff box below . Museum lovers in France are shocked about the news , but not surprised . "  Museums have to offer services like restaurants and boutiques , it 's completely normal , " Jean-Michel Raingeard , President of the Federation of French Friends of Museums told CNN . What worries him , however , is the choice of shops . "  Museum directors seem to care more about the number of people they attract rather than the quality of people . Should a museum be a museum or an amusement park ? " asks Jean Michel Raingeard , who is also the European vice president for The World Federation of Friends of Museums . McDonald 's sees the opening of its new restaurant next to the home of Mona Lisa as something completely normal . "  There are already many other restaurants in the mall , so we will only be one of the many restaurants that offer visitors their products . " says a spokeswoman for McDonald 's in France . "  There 's even a Starbucks , " she added . Criticism , though fierce , has not been successful : the construction work will start soon and the restaurant should be open "  by the end of the year . " In spite of its location , the menu will very likely stay the same . "  McDonald 's functions the same way in all of France , so there will probably be no special menus , " the spokeswoman said .	McDonald 's to open restaurant in the mall of the world 's most visited museum Decision has attracted criticisms there will be ` unpleasant smells ' in the museum The restaurant is not only fast food joint in the shopping mall
CNN  -- The snowfall might be subsiding in the Buffalo area but officials are warning people the deadly weather emergency is not close to being over . Especially with rain in the weekend forecast . Erie County Executive Mark Poloncarz told reporters Thursday that while the storm may be largely over for snow purposes , authorities are exceptionally worried that buildings will collapse when the heavy snow pack soaks up the rain . "  There 's going to be a warm-up on Saturday , there will probably not be a tremendous amount of melt on Saturday , " he said . "  There will be a rain starting on Saturday that will not initially create a situation where the snow will melt , but it will actually act as a sponge . So the water that is falling will go into the snow pack and will actually act as a sponge until it finally starts releasing it . " The National Weather Service forecasts light rain to begin Saturday and temperatures to warm . The major concern is flooding , but Poloncarz said the weight on buildings could cause some to collapse . "  There will be even extra weight because of the rain . So this emergency is not over , " he warned . On Thursday afternoon , Erie County officials said there was a "  significant threat of a roof collapse " at the 184-bed Garden Gate Health Care Facility in Cheektowaga . Residents reported wall cracks and a sagging ceiling . Several feet of snow piled on the roof . Poloncarz , who had earlier tweeted that the roof was collapsing , later clarified the statement , saying beams in the building were twisted and walls cracked . No injuries were reported and patients were evacuated . Residents were taken temporarily to a business park , said Scott Zylka with the Erie County Sheriff 's Office , adding that the roof structure was compromised . The extreme weather has claimed at least 10 lives -- its latest victims two people with mental health issues who died of apparent exposure overnight , Dr. Gale R. Burstein , Erie County health commissioner , said Thursday . And the storm forced the NFL to announce that Sunday 's game between Buffalo and the New York Jets , scheduled to be played at the Bills ' Ralph Wilson Stadium , will be hosted at Detroit 's Ford Field on Monday night . Seeking shelter At the Winchester Volunteer Fire Company station on Harlem Street , as many as 40 people stranded in the snow have sought shelter since Tuesday . More than 6 feet of snow cover the streets . Abandoned cars are barely visible under the drifts . Fire trucks ca n't leave the station . Attempts by firefighters to get out in an SUV were futile . One medic hopped on a snowmobile to rush to a call . Other volunteers jumped on ATVs to reach a home where the roof was buckling under the weight of the snow . Maria Odom 's two cats and a dog were rescued from the house . "  I 'm ready for it to end , " Odom , 38 , said of the extreme weather . "  I 've lived here my whole life and I 've never seen anything like this . " At the fire station , driver Steve Randall 's truckload of milk and eggs has served as the main source of provisions . Randall said he was stuck in his truck for nearly five hours before making his way to the firehouse , where people have been sleeping on tables to stay off the cold floor . "  We 've been eating like kings for a while but now we 're running out of food , " he said . Firehouse occupants have been making quiche , served with milk and bread from a store across the street . From the Tops grocery store nearby , people hauling bags of food headed out into the snow by foot . One man dragged groceries in a sled ; another pulled his child through the snow in a laundry basket . Robert Mead embarked on a five-mile trek to bring formula to his 9-month-old baby . A year 's snowfall in 3 days ? In the past 24 hours , since the latest lake-effect storm started on Wednesday night , more than 3 feet of snow has fallen in several areas near Buffalo . In Wales Center , there was a new snowfall of 37 inches , according to a National Weather Service spotter . Residents just stared out their windows at the mounds of white stuff , if they could see out at all . In East Aurora , Lisa Gutekunst 's home was capped with more than 4 feet of snow , she said . "  The snow is coming down so hard you ca n't see out the window , " she said earlier Thursday . "  We 've cleared our driveway so many times that we 've run out of places to put the snow . " Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown announced a travel ban in south Buffalo for both cars and pedestrians from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m. , citing the safety of residents as heavy equipment moved around town . If the forecast holds , more than a year 's worth of snow will have fallen in three days . In a typical year , Buffalo 's snowfall totals about 7 feet , according to the National Weather Service . Extreme conditions lead to tragedy Ten people have died , including four who suffered cardiac issues while they shoveled snow and one who died in a car accident , Erie County officials reported . A man in his 60s had a heart attack while he tried to move a snow plow or a snow blower , Erie County deputy executive Richard Tobe said . Burstein told reporters that two residents of Niagara and Erie counties died overnight Thursday of apparent exposure . "  They both had chronic illnesses , " she said . "  They both had mental health issues , and were found outside either their home or a close friend 's home . They had probably been there overnight . " In Alden , a 46-year-old man was found dead inside a car buried in 12 to 15 feet of snow . In Genesee County , Jack Boyce , a 56-year-old county employee , died after collapsing Tuesday morning while operating a snow blower outside the county sheriff 's office , according to County Manager Jay Gsell . Brown and city officials recounted stories of rescuers trudging around snowdrifts as high as houses to get people to hospitals , and police officers delivering special baby formula to a pair of infants . A sporting chance Wednesday night 's football game between the University of Buffalo and Kent State was postponed because the visitors ' equipment truck did n't arrive on time . The game has been tentatively rescheduled for Friday , school officials said in a statement . The National Football League announced it would move Sunday 's game from Ralph Wilson Stadium , which was buried in an estimated 220,000 tons of snow . The NFL statement said the contest will be played Monday night at 7 ET at Ford Field , which in 2010 played host to a Minnesota Vikings game after the roof of their stadium collapsed due to snow accumulation . Moving the game back a day will help the Bills , who have n't been able to practice this week . The team had been offering tickets to the game and $ 10 an hour to anyone willing to help remove the snow . Now it is offering refunds to fans who purchased tickets through the team . CNN 's Alexandra Field , Leigh Remizowski , Ashley Fantz , Jason Hanna , Ed Payne , Marcus Hooper , Martin Savidge and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities worry some buildings could collapse when snow sops up rain Storm 's death toll is 10 NFL game moved to Detroit 's Ford Field on Monday Snow drifts have trapped people in their homes
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japanese court on Tuesday found a 19-year-old American man guilty of murdering an Irish student in a Tokyo hotel room last year . The Tokyo District Court recommended that Richard Hinds , a musician , serve no fewer than five years and no more than 10 years in prison . The sentence was the heaviest that could be handed down to Hinds , whose age makes him a juvenile under Japanese law . Judge Masaharu Ashizawa said the evidence showed that Hinds had strangled Nicola Furlong , the 21-year-old Irish woman , with murderous intent in May 2012 . Ashizawa said Hinds appeared to have used a towel or something similar to carry out the act , discounting the defense 's argument that the victim had died from acute alcohol poisoning . Furlong had been studying in Tokyo on an exchange program when she met Hinds . Her parents and sister were in court Tuesday to hear the verdict read out . "  We still do n't know the truth of what happened in that room , but we know Nicola did nothing wrong , " Furlong 's mother , Angela , said afterward . The victim 's sister , Andrea , expressed disgust about the sentence that Hinds received , saying she did n't feel that the family got justice . "  I 'm so angry and I 'm so hurt , " she said . After Furlong 's death last year , her parish priest , the Rev. Jim Fitzpatrick , described her as an "  outgoing , bubbly sort of girl and very well liked . " Hinds ' parents were also in court for the verdict Tuesday . Another American man , James Blackston , 23 , was found guilty last week of sexually assaulting Furlong 's friend on the night the Irish woman died . 2 Americans arrested after death of Irish woman A court sentenced Blackston , a dancer from the Los Angeles area , to three years in prison .	NEW : The victim 's sister says she does n't feel the family got justice A Tokyo court finds that Richard Hinds strangled Nicola Furlong It rejected the defense 's claim that she died from alcohol poisoning Hinds , 19 , is sentenced to up to 10 years in prison , the maximum for a juvenile
Washington  CNN  -- Democratic congressional leaders Wednesday demanded Republicans join them in condemning a spate of threats and vandalism that has followed Sunday 's vote on a sweeping overhaul of the U.S. health care system . More than 10 Democrats have reported trouble since the weekend vote , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer told reporters . Windows have been smashed at Democratic offices in at least three states , and federal agents were investigating whether a cut gas line at the home of a Virginia congressman 's brother was related to the lawmaker 's yes vote . Democracy "  is not about violence , " Hoyer said at a news conference with South Carolina Rep. James Clyburn , the No. 3 Democrat in the House of Representatives . "  Both of us believe that to remain silent in the face of such activity gives the impression of either condoning or sanctioning such actions , " added Hoyer , D-Maryland . The top Republican in the House , Minority Leader John Boehner , told reporters that he has urged opponents to demonstrate legally . "  I 've made statements that I understand people are angry , but violence and threats are inappropriate and irresponsible , " the Ohio congressman said . "  If people are angry , they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign . " The white-hot rhetoric that dominated the last several months of debate on the historic health care bill culminated in unruly protests by the Tea Party movement at the Capitol over the weekend . Three African-American House Democrats , including civil rights leader Rep. John Lewis of Georgia , reported protesters shouted racial slurs at them and spit at one of them , while Rep. Barney Frank , D-Massachusetts , an openly gay House member , had anti-gay slurs yelled at him . One House member mentioned a map on the Facebook page of former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin during a Wednesday meeting on safety concerns , a Democratic source said . The map shows 20 House Democratic political targets believed to be vulnerable in the upcoming midterm elections -- some have already announced their retirements . Their home districts are marked with cross hairs . Mention of the map brought audible groans to the room , the source said . Republican House members encouraged protesters outside and inside the House gallery , some of whom carried messages like "  Vote no or else " or "  If Brown wo n't stop it , a Browning will " -- a reference to newly elected Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown accompanied by a silhouette of a pistol . Since the vote , an Alabama blogger has launched a "  window war " against Democrats and has kept a tally of the recent incidents of damage , including ones in upstate New York , Arizona and Kansas . A message left for Michigan Democrat Bart Stupak , whose last-minute decision to support the bill helped give Democrats the votes it needed to pass , warned that "  there are millions of people across the country who wish you ill , and all of those thoughts projected on you will materialize into something that 's not very good for you . " Clyburn , who is African-American , said he has received a fax in his office with a picture of a noose drawn on it and had threatening telephone calls at his home . iReport : ' A very dangerous time for Obama ' "  We 're giving aid and comfort to these people , and this stuff gets ratcheted up , " Clyburn told CNN . "  We in this Congress have got to come together in a bipartisan way and tamp this foolishness down . It does n't make sense . That 's not what a democracy is all about . " Hoyer told a news conference that "  a significant number , meaning over 10 " lawmakers had reported either threats , vandalism or other incidents . Capitol police officials have briefed House Democrats on reporting suspicious or threatening activity and taking precautions to avoid "  subjecting themselves or their families to physical harm , " he said . Rep. Louise Slaughter , D-New York , said her Niagara Falls district office had a brick thrown through one of its windows and a message that referred to "  snipers " was left on one of her campaign offices . In a written statement , she said GOP leaders have been "  fanning the flames with coded rhetoric . " And Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen blamed Republicans for encouraging heated rhetoric over the bill . "  There 's a real feeling that some of the comments from the Republican leaders and Republicans are not tamping down the fire , they are throwing fuel on the fire . And that is totally inappropriate , " Van Hollen said . But Boehner , who compared the legislation 's passage to "  Armageddon , " said Democrats had not complained to him that Republicans have n't been quick enough to condemn the threats and vandalism . Clyburn said his wife has forwarded the phone numbers from the calls to law enforcement agencies . Slaughter said federal agents and local authorities were investigating the threat and vandalism at her offices . And in Virginia , Albemarle County fire marshals and the FBI are looking into the slashing of a propane gas line outside the home of Rep. Tom Perriello 's brother , the congressman 's office said . A Perriello aide told CNN that a line to the propane tank on the brother 's gas grill had been severed after the brother 's home address was posted online by a Tea Party activist . Lee Catlin , a spokesman for the fire marshal 's office , said the incident "  did not involve an immediate threat to occupants of the residence " but would disclose no details . The county joined the investigation late Tuesday after a request from the FBI , Caitlin said . "  Officials are taking the incident very seriously and conducting a vigorous investigation , " he said . Conservative talk show host Glenn Beck told his radio audience Monday that Democrats who supported the bill would be remembered as "  an enemy of the republic " and "  an enemy to the Constitution . " But he urged viewers of his Fox News television show Wednesday to avoid violence , because "  radical " supporters of the Obama administration are counting on such attacks to discredit their opposition , he said . "  Not only is it completely nuts and wrong , it 's exactly what they want , " Beck said . He told viewers , "  They are begging for it . You are being set up . " But in Kansas , Democrats in Wichita are seeking to raise money over a brick thrown through the window of the party headquarters . "  At first , we thought our office was just the object of a random act of bitter violence , but now we know that 's not the case , " said the Sedgewick County Democratic Party 's Web site . "  This attack was instigated , encouraged and directed by an ultra-right wing blogger and similar events occurred all over the country . " The Web site item asked for donations to "  help us get back to work . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash , Lesa Jansen and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Steny Hoyer : Some House Democrats reported threats or other incidents An aide to one Democrat said propane line on his brother 's gas grill had been severed "  Violence and threats are unacceptable , " House Minority Leader John Boehner says
CNN  -- Paraguay faced increasing regional isolation on Monday after several of its neighbors said over the weekend they were pulling their ambassadors out of the country in the wake of the president 's impeachment . Chile and Venezuela recalled their ambassadors Sunday , hours after Brazil and Uruguay -- two of Paraguay 's most important neighbors -- did the same . Argentina recalled its ambassador on Saturday . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez also said his country is halting all shipments to Paraguay . The Brazilian Foreign Ministry said the action was because of the "  breakdown of democracy " in Paraguay , and vowed to take up the impeachment with the regional blocs MERCOSUR and UNASUR . The moves follow the lightning-quick removal from office of the president , Fernando Lugo , on Friday . The impeachment procedures appear to have been carried out in accordance with the Paraguayan constitution , but some Latin American presidents called it a coup d'etat and refused to recognize the new president , Federico Franco . Lugo went from president to ousted leader in less than 48 hours . The former Catholic bishop was unpopular with lawmakers , and many had concerns about his credibility after he admitted to fathering at least two children while still in the priesthood . In all , four women claim they had babies by Lugo while he was a bishop . But nine days ago , there was no reason to believe that Lugo would find himself out of a job before his term ended in August 2013 . There had been calls in the past for the impeachment of Lugo , but the scandals were n't enough to bring him down . That changed on June 15 , when the police clashed with landless peasants in eastern Paraguay , resulting in 17 deaths . Peasants fired on police officers who were trying to evict them from private property , initiating the deadly confrontation , the local authorities and state-run media said . The violence occurred in Curuguaty , a remote community near the Brazilian border , about 240 kilometers  150 miles  northeast of the Paraguayan capital , Asuncion . In response to the violence , Lugo replaced his national police chief and interior minister . Members of the country 's liberal party , which backed Lugo , were incensed to learn that the new minister was from another party . As the outcry over the deadly clash continued , the liberal party announced Thursday that it was withdrawing its support of Lugo , and an impeachment vote was heard in the lower chamber of Congress that day . The vote in favor of impeachment was 76-1 . The next day , Lugo 's defense team had two hours to defend Lugo from what it called vague charges of incompetence . The Senate impeached the president in a 39-4 vote . Lugo said Paraguayan history and democracy had been "  deeply wounded " by the move . The rapidness of his ouster left neighboring countries scrambling to react . By Sunday , Brazil and Uruguay were expressing deep concerns . The Brazilian Foreign Ministry condemned the Lugo 's removal and the Uruguayan president said it was n't in line with democratic practices . The presidents of Venezuela , Argentina , Bolivia , Ecuador and the Dominican Republic said they would not recognize Franco 's administration . The Mexican Foreign Ministry and Chavez of Venezuela said the speed with which Lugo was removed did n't give him time to mount a proper defense . Franco reiterated that the impeachment happened within the parameters of the constitution , and pointed to the large margins by which Lugo was voted out of office . "  It means that here we have a unanimous position , " he said . "  The Paraguayan people , I think , are satisfied with this decision . " Despite the cold shoulder from neighboring countries , Franco said he would reach out to explain the legality of Lugo 's ouster and seek good relations with other countries . He said his goal was for his presidency to be recognized internationally by the time he hands over to the next president in 2013 . Most of the countries opposed to Franco 's appointment belong to the Union of South American Nations , known as UNASUR . The foreign ministers of that regional body were in Paraguay to study the issue . The United States reacted in a more neutral manner . "  We urge all Paraguayans to act peacefully , with calm and responsibility , in the spirit of Paraguay 's democratic principles , " State Department spokeswoman Darla Jordan said . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto and Fernando del Rincon contributed to this report .	Chile , Venezuela , Brazil , Uruguay and Argentina recall their ambassadors The moves follow the impeachment of the president , Fernando Lugo The new president , Federico Franco , says the process was constitutional Some leaders say they refuse to recognize the Franco government
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 likely flew into the southern Indian Ocean on autopilot with an unresponsive crew , Australian authorities said Thursday , divulging new details about what they believe happened during the missing plane 's final hours . The information emerged as officials announced a southward shift , as expected , in the underwater search for the Boeing 777 , which disappeared March 8 with 239 people on board . Searchers have found no trace of the jetliner or its passengers , making the case probably the biggest mystery in aviation history and leaving the families of those on board bereft of answers . The Australian officials said they believe the plane was on autopilot throughout its journey over the Indian Ocean until it ran out of fuel . They cited the straight track on which the aircraft flew , according to electronic "  handshakes " it periodically exchanged with satellites . "  It is highly , highly likely that the aircraft was on autopilot , otherwise it could not have followed the orderly path that has been identified through the satellite sightings , " Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss told reporters in Canberra . Unresponsive crew ? In a report explaining the change in search area , Australian authorities suggested that Flight 370 's crew may have been in an "  unresponsive " state , possibly caused by a lack of oxygen . That scenario "  appeared to best fit the available evidence for the final period of MH370 's flight , " the report said , citing previous air accidents in which crews had been rendered unresponsive by a lack of oxygen , also known as hypoxia . But it cautioned that the assumption was "  made for the purposes of defining a search area and there is no suggestion that the investigation authority will make similar assumptions . " The Australian officials declined to talk about the causes behind Flight 370 's errant flight path , saying those are questions for the Malaysian authorities in charge of the overall investigation . And they said they were n't sure exactly when the autopilot had been turned on . ` Most likely place ' Their disclosure that a computer rather than a human was most likely steering the plane during its final hours adds a little more detail to the largely obscured picture of what took place that March night . But the key questions of why the passenger jet flew dramatically off its intended route -- from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing -- and where exactly it ended up remain unanswered . The next phase of the underwater search aims to resolve at least one of those issues . Truss said an international team of experts had chosen the 60,000-square-kilometer zone , an area roughly the size of West Virginia , after going over all the available data . "  This site is the best available and most likely place where the aircraft is resting , " he said . He warned , though , that the operation to comb the sea floor in the area , which has never been fully mapped , would be "  very challenging and complex . " "  We could be fortunate and find it in the first hour , or the first day , " he said . "  But it could take another twelve months . " Biggest search in history The hunt for the plane has already become "  biggest search operation in history , covering 4.5 million square kilometers of ocean surface , " Truss said . During the early phase of the search , aircraft and ships scoured vast stretches of the surface of the southern Indian Ocean but found no debris from Flight 370 . Pings initially thought to be from the missing plane 's flight recorders led to a concentrated underwater search that turned up nothing . Last week , a group of independent experts -- using satellite data publicly released in May -- said it thought the missing aircraft was hundreds of miles southwest of the previous underwater search site . Doubts among families "  It is encouraging that the Australian leadership has taken a very methodical and rigorous approach to redefining the search area , but is it still different than some of the other outside experts had defined , " said Sarah Bajc , whose partner , Philip Wood , was on board the missing plane . She said she could n't reconcile the differences between the analyses . "  We do n't trust that the officials are being forthright with the information , " she said . The next underwater search will be broadly in an area where planes and vessels had already looked for debris on the surface of the water , Truss said . It 's roughly 1,800 kilometers off the coast of Western Australia . Two ships have already started mapping the ocean floor of the area , a process that will take about three months . The underwater search , which will rely on the ships ' maps , is expected to begin in August . It will be led by a private contractor that Australian authorities will appoint . Malaysia will contribute equipment to the search effort , including vessels and towed sonar systems , Truss said . For families of the missing , a hole in the clouds , an empty space on earth	Crew may have been in an "  unresponsive " state , Australian authorities say Plane was likely on autopilot when it flew into the Indian Ocean , officials say The next phase of the search will move to an area farther south in the Indian Ocean The area is the "  most likely place where the aircraft is resting , " an Australian official says
CNN  -- While many people still associate Facebook games with casual offerings like Zynga 's "  FarmVille , " the social media giant has expanded its game catalog through titles like KIXEYE 's "  War Commander " and Kabam 's "  The Hobbit : Kingdoms of Middle Earth . " Now , Facebook has partnered with start-up U4iA Games  pronounced "  euphoria "  to launch its first "  core " video game , the first-person shooter "  Offensive Combat . " The game , which had a soft launch three weeks ago , has already attracted over a half-million players with no marketing . The game is playable as a Facebook App and included in the Action games section of the site 's App Center . "  Facebook wants to bring the next-level gaming consumer to their platform , " said Dusty Welch , co-founder and CEO of U4iA Games . "  Core games monetize the highest and are the stickiest . " Welch and co-founder and CCO Chris Archer have backgrounds that include having overseen huge franchises when they were at Activision like "  Call of Duty , " "  Spider-Man " and "  Guitar Hero . " Archer said his studio designed "  Offensive Combat " for a fast-growing segment of core gamers who want a fine-tuned , shooter game that can be played anywhere , anytime via their Web browser , and not limited by the need for a major software install or dedicated hardware . "  Offensive Combat " is a shooter that blends elements from the most popular shooters out there like Microsoft 's "  Halo 4 " and Activision 's "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " into a free-to-play experience that 's fully customizable . Players can choose from 30 game archetypes like modern soldiers , space marines and robots and engage in a variety of multiplayer modes across nine maps . The online game will expand with new content every two weeks . Players can purchase in-game items , including weapons , to further customize the experience . These micro-transactions will allow players to move through the progressive "  grind " of leveling up and unlocking content , but Welch said the battlefield will remain even for all players . "  There are millions of consumers around the world who play core games and want to play these types of free-to-play games , " said Welch . "  First-person shooters have dominated gaming since the early days of ` Doom , ' ` Wolfenstein ' and ` Quake . ' When you look at the success of free-to-play games like Riot Games ' ` League of Legends ' and Wargaming 's ` World of Tanks , ' there 's room for a first-person shooter like ` Offensive Combat . ' " More than 251 million of Facebook 's 1 billion-plus members currently play games every month . Even with droves of players leaving Zynga 's games , there remain new audiences that have n't yet gravitated to the platform . "  Gaming on Facebook is all about connecting with friends , " said Welch . "  FPS games are the most social of all the core gaming genres . FPS fans want to connect with their friends and clans and do it quickly . What better , simpler way to do that than Facebook where there are a billion gamers ? The problem has been that the genre has n't been represented yet . " Michael Pachter , a video game analyst at Wedbush Securities , said the free-to-play business model is popular because it reaches the broadest audience , it 's approachable and easy , and there 's no barrier to entry . "  You can make $ 100 million off a game that 's free to play like Riot Games ' ` League of Legends , ' said Pachter . "  Free-to-play takes away some of the risk . " As much money as Activision and Microsoft have generated from billion-dollar shooters like ` Call of Duty , ' ` Halo ' and ` Gears of War , ' Welch believes there 's a much larger audience willing to jump into the genre without the requirement of a $ 60 disc . He also believes there 's something to be learned from Zynga 's failure to keep its gamers happy . "  It 's crucial to continually innovate and stay connected with your community , " said Welch . "  The lather-rinse-and-repeat methodology that Zynga used too many times gets stale fast with your user base and they degrade and move on . We saw that happen in the console space with games like ` Guitar Hero ' and ` Wii Fit . ' True innovation creates a sticky audience . Zynga games did n't attract mid-core to core gamers and they flooded back out to ` American Idol ' or whatever other entertainment is popular today . " Facebook has partnered with U4iA Games to develop new social mechanics that are being designed to build engaging gaming communities . These features will eventually debut with "  Offensive Combat " before moving on to other Facebook games . In the wake of the Sandy Hook tragedy , violent video games have come under fire in some quarters . Welch believes "  Offensive Combat , " which was designed as a mash-up of different constructs , offers a more irreverent and light-hearted approach to the genre than more realistic shooters . "  I 'm a parent with two children and I believe it 's the responsibility of parents to monitor and decide what 's appropriate for their situation and we take that very seriously , " said Welch . "  Facebook is for people 13 + so there 's age gating for that platform . While the gameplay experience was designed for hardcore gamers , you can run around in a banana suit with futuristic plasma weapons . "	With "  Offensive Combat , " Facebook moves into core gaming with its first first-person shooter Traditionally , the site is associated with casual games like FarmVille Game is free to play , with "  micro-transactions " for in-game extras Creators say it 's age-appropriate for the site and more light-hearted than many shooters
New Delhi  CNN  The quest to be educated in India has literally scaled new heights . Images of parents and family members clambering up school buildings and clinging on window ledges to pass cheat sheets to their children have left authorities in despair . The incident took place on Wednesday in the state of Bihar , where students were writing their year-end grade 10 examinations . Examples of cheating incidents are not hard to find in India . But , even compared to previous events , this seems to be unprecedented in its blatancy . Bihar Education Minister PK Shahi told reporters that children wo n't learn if they 're constantly helped by family members . "  Government can only hold fair examinations with the help of the parents , society and the children , " he said . "  This is a collective responsibility . " In a developing economy like India , education is a precious commodity . With more than 1.2 billion people , proper schooling could hold the key for much of the population to get out of a vicious cycle of poverty . Earlier this week , a father in the city of Mathura was caught strapping his 8-year old daughter to a motorcycle after she refused to attend school to take her assessment . Tied with a multi-strand rope to the back of a bike , onlookers captured images of the trussed girl , her bare feet hanging low , scraping the asphalt . According to local police officials , the girl 's parents offered her several incentives , such as chocolates and toys to entice her , however when the girl was still reluctant , her father decided to take matters in his own hands . After photos started making the rounds on social media , police officials took the man into custody and charged him with "  breach of the peace . " He is now out on bail . "  Even after he got out , the father showed no remorse . He has five children to feed and he believes the only way they can get out of this poverty trap is through education , " a senior police official handling the case told CNN . The flaws in India 's education system are well-documented . The country has a literacy rate of only 74 % , compared to 95 % in China . Women suffer particularly badly here ; only 64 % have formal education . Earlier this year , Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched a nationwide campaign urging parents to send their children , especially daughters , to school and properly educate them . According to the United Nations , India has the largest youth population in the world , with more than a quarter of citizens aged between 10 and 24 .	Images of parents sneaking their children cheat sheets have dumbfounded many in India Education remains the way out of poverty for millions of young Indians , but the state is failing many of them Some parents go to desperate lengths to get their children educated
CNN  Kayla Mueller was difficult to reach -- 6,000 miles away and held captive by the Islamic militants of ISIS . But her family and U.S. government officials say they went to great lengths to try to rescue the 26-year-old humanitarian worker , efforts that ultimately failed . Her parents announced Tuesday they 'd received confirmation she had died . Now they 're working to bring her body back from Syria . U.S. troops may have come close to rescuing Mueller in July when they staged a daring raid at an abandoned oil refinery near Raqqa in Syria in an attempt to find journalist James Foley , who was executed by ISIS in August , and other hostages . Several dozen elite U.S. commandos from units such as Delta Force and Navy SEAL Team 6 flew in aboard helicopters , a U.S. official told CNN , and engaged in a firefight with militants . Troops found evidence the hostages had been there recently , including writings on the cell walls and hair believed to be Mueller 's , one U.S. official said . "  We devoted enormous resources , always devote enormous resources to freeing captives or hostages anywhere in the world , " President Barack Obama said Tuesday in an interview with BuzzFeed News . A spokeswoman for the family said Mueller 's parents often communicated with the White House in trying to free their daughter , who was taken hostage in August 2013 . Last summer , the Muellers asked the Obama administration to consider trading Dr. Aafia Sadiqqi , known as "  Lady al Qaeda , " in exchange for Mueller , the spokeswoman said . The Daily Beast first reported on the family 's request to the White House . ISIS has repeatedly called for the release of Sadiqqi , who is serving an 86-year sentence in Texas . Authorities said she shot at two FBI special agents , a U.S. Army warrant officer , an Army captain and military interpreters while she was being held unsecured at an Afghan facility on July 18 , 2008 . The White House did respond to the family , but the family spokeswoman gave no details on what the answer to their request was . Other rescue efforts included a trip by Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who went to Iraq and Qatar and met with Syrian rebel leaders to try to secure Mueller 's release . Rep. Paul Gosar , R-Arizona , said one of his aides went to a refugee camp near Kobani , Syria , to look for her . Gosar said government sources told him a man showed up at a terrorist training camp in Syria claiming to be Mueller 's husband . He appealed for her release and wanted to talk to her but was turned away . The family representative said the man was actually Mueller 's boyfriend , who was kidnapped at the same time as Mueller . He 'd been released from captivity and went back to try to get Mueller released , the spokeswoman says . He continues to stay in touch with the family . In clearing up another question , the spokeswoman said that contrary to many media reports , the family never turned down a military rescue mission because it was too risky . Instead , the family had reached out to the White House and asked for notification if there would be another rescue attempt after the failed mission last July . Mueller 's family has not spoken out against the U.S. government 's efforts , but James Foley 's brother has complained the government did n't do enough . "  I do n't have all the answers , but I do think that a more cooperative approach  is needed  , " Michael Foley said . "  And there was n't sharing of information . You would n't believe how difficult it was to get information  on  released journalists ... from the ways that we have these walls built . " On Thursday , an official with the Joint Chiefs of Staff said a report in The Daily Beast that alleged the administration failed to act quickly on British intelligence about the location of the hostages is "  clearly false " and "  very ill-informed . " The official said once plans were developed and Pentagon had confidence in the ability to carry out the mission , officials made their recommendation to the White House and "  quickly " received clearance to carry out the operation . There was no sitting on intelligence or any delay in acting upon it , the official said . Bernadette Meehan , National Security Council spokeswoman , said , "  U.S. forces conducted this operation as soon as the President and his national security team were confident the mission could be carried out successfully and consistent with our policies for undertaking such operations . " CNN 's Brian Todd , Dana Bash , Pamela Brown and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	U.S. troops made a rescue effort in July but did n't find Mueller or other hostages Mueller 's parents asked the White House about swapping a prisoner for their daughter
Three matches and three comfortable wins . Rafael Nadal has made the perfect start to his bid for a record seventh French Open title , but the Spaniard will not face his first serious test until the clay-court grand slam enters its second week . The two-time defending champion will next play Juan Monaco in the last 16 , having crushed one of the Argentine 13th seed 's lesser-rated compatriots Eduardo Schwank 6-1 6-3 6-4 in the third round on Saturday . "  I have started well in the tournament -- into the second week now , that is the most important thing , " Nadal told reporters . "  Now I have a big confrontation against Monaco . He is having a fantastic season . " Monaco has never gone past round four in a grand slam , but like Nadal he is adept on clay -- having won five ATP Tour titles and reached seven other finals on the dirt surface . Chinese fans track Li 's Paris progress Monaco has won only once in their four meetings , when Nadal retired hurt during a hard-court event in 2007 , but he showed his mettle against big-serving Canadian Milos Raonic on Saturday as he came from behind to triumph 6-7  5-7  6-3 6-7  5-7  6-3 6-4 . Nadal has lost only once at Roland Garros since his first appearance in Paris in 2005 , when he began a run of four successive French Open titles , while Monaco 's best effort is a fourth-round defeat in 2007 . If he wins , Nadal will then take on his 12th-seeded compatriot Nicolas Almagro or Serbia 's world No. 8 Janko Tipsarevic in the quarterfinals . The 10-time grand slam champion could face a semifinal against world No. 4 Andy Murray , who showed no sign of his worrying back problems on Saturday as he set up a last-16 clash with French 17th seed Richard Gasquet . "  I felt like I moved pretty well today . When you 're playing in slams , I just think each day you need to take as it comes . And I felt much better than I did the other day . I felt better than I did yesterday , " Murray said after beating Colombia 's 50th-ranked Santiago Giraldo 6-3 6-4 6-4 . "  So I 'm hoping that tomorrow I 'll feel good again , and that 's all you 've got to do is each day just be a little bit better . " Murray had been accused of being a "  drama queen " by former tennis star Virginia Wade after receiving lengthy on-court treatment during an earlier match against Jarkko Nieminen , but revealed he had refused pain-killing injections to counter the back pain he has been suffering since the start of this year . "  Guys often during tournaments have numbing shots , if they 're just trying to get through a match and are deep in a tournament or whatever , " the Scot said . "  But I did n't do that . We got a lot of advice , I saw the doctor here and spoke to him as well , and took all the right medication and did all the right treatments . " Gasquet fought back from a slow start to defeat former world No. 2 Tommy Haas 6-7  3-7  6-3 6-0 6-0 . The 34-year-old German , now ranked 112th , capitulated as he lost the last 14 games of the match . "  I knew that he had not played long matches in a while . There were quite a lot of people out there , so I really wanted to win this match , to give everything I could , " said Gasquet , who lost in the fourth round last year and beat Murray in Rome in April to level their head-to-head record at 3-3 . "  It was a beautiful match , and I played really well during the third and fourth sets . " The winner of the Murray-Gasquet match is likely to face world No. 5 David Ferrer in the last eight . The Spaniard thrashed Russian 27th seed Mikhail Youzhny 6-0 6-2 6-2 to set up a clash with compatriot Marcel Granollers , who beat a tired Paul-Henri Mathieu . The Frenchman overcame American John Isner in the second-longest match in French Open history in the previous round , which lasted five hours 41 minutes , but he could not repeat the effort as he went down in another five-setter 6-4 6-4 1-6 4-6 6-1 .	Six-time French Open champion Rafael Nadal through to the last 16 in Paris Spaniard crushes Argentine qualifier Eduardo Schwank in Saturday 's third round He will next play 13th seed Juan Monaco when tournament moves into second week World No. 4 Andy Murray also reaches the fourth round , where he faces Richard Gasquet
CNN  My name is Mark Goodacre , and I am a professor of New Testament and Christian origins in the Department of Religious Studies at Duke University . I was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN 's "  Finding Jesus , " which premiered Sunday evening . I also appear in each episode of the program . Viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions to Facebook during the show . Below are some of the most interesting , and my answers to them . Vance Lipsey : Is there a better way to check the shroud than carbon dating ? I 've been told carbon dating is very inaccurate . Goodacre : Actually , carbon dating is an excellent way to ascertain the date of an artifact . Many are disappointed , not surprisingly , that the shroud dated to between AD 1260 and 1390 . I recall my own disappointment  but not surprise  on hearing the results back in 1988 . But the scientists doing the carbon dating were not amateurs , and the samples were tested in three separate labs . Moreover , the carbon date cohered with other evidence that the shroud was a medieval forgery , like the fact that there is no evidence of its existence until the 14th century . Cynthia Restivo : So I know the carbon dating was off , but was n't it later shown that the piece of cloth used for the testing was a section that had been repaired after some fire damage or something ? Which would explain why it dated different ? Goodacre : No , that 's not been established . Those who defend the authenticity of the shroud often say the sample might have been taken from a part of the shroud that was repaired after it was damaged by fire in the 16th century . But this is special pleading . The scientists who took the sample knew what they were doing . Professor Christopher Ramsey noted that the unusual weave on the sample matched the weave on the rest of the shroud perfectly . Beth A Hafele : So were Jesus ' wrists nailed or his hands ? All shows and movies have his hands nailed . Goodacre : One of the curiosities about the Turin Shroud is that the figure appears to be nailed through the wrists . This has long intrigued those who have studied crucifixion because there is some anatomical plausibility here -- nails through the wrists would support the body better than nails through the palms of the hands . It is just possible that the bones of the only crucified victim we have , Jehohanan , show a nail mark above the wrist , but this is disputed . There are two further factors here . One is that victims of crucifixion may often have been tied instead of  or as well as  being nailed . Also , some dispute whether the shroud figure is nailed through the wrists .  See Antonio Lombatti 's graphic . Virginia McCoy : Once again , Mary Magdalene is totally ignored . They used the Gospel that described Peter as having discovered the empty tomb . When other Gospels describe Magdalene as the one that discovered it and then she called out to others . Goodacre : Well , you will be pleased to hear that there is an entire episode devoted to Mary Magdalene in this series , and her identity and role are fully explored , including her presence at the empty tomb . I think you 'll enjoy it . Jacques Lemire : About the @CNN program on Jesus . Good stuff , but I am not sure about Jesus crying out in pain . A psalm : The lamb is silent . Goodacre : I found Adam Bond 's portrayal of Jesus ' death in the drama really compelling , and his cry is quite arresting . It 's true that Isaiah 53:7 says "  He was led like a lamb to the slaughter , and as a sheep before its shearers is silent , so he did not open his mouth . " Many early Christians saw this as a prophecy of the way that Jesus , their Messiah , died . It is apparently fulfilled in Jesus ' silence during his trial  e.g. John 19:9 -10  , but in all four Gospels , Jesus is vocal on the cross , and in the end he cries out with a loud voice  e.g. Mark 15:34 and 37  , so the drama makes good sense there . Thanks again for watching and for all your great questions , and apologies that we could not answer all of them . I was really thrilled to be involved , and I loved working with the production team behind "  Finding Jesus . " I think they have put together a superb series , which blends visually compelling drama and intelligent commentary from a wide range of experts . I look forward to hearing everyone 's reactions to the remaining five episodes !	Religion professor Mark Goodacre appears in each episode of the program He defends the carbon dating used to determine the age of the Shroud of Turin
Olympic Park , London  CNN  -- The face of the Olympics is well known the world over : athletes winning , losing , straining every sinew of their bodies in the pursuit of podium glory . But behind the scenes there is another story of the athletes ' lives and the use of their bodies , one that centers on their time staying at the Olympic Village . "  Anyone who wants to be naive and say they do n't know what 's going on in the Village are lying to themselves , " one former gold medalist and veteran of two Olympics told CNN of his previous experiences at the Games . "  They know , the officials know , even the media . It 's not a secret , everyone knows ! "  Sex  is all part of the Olympic spirit . The International Olympic Committee  IOC  would n't say that , but it is , you ca n't shy away from it . Why do you think they give away so many condoms ? " The Athletes ' Village at the Olympic Games is a unique environment : Nearly 3,000 tightly packed apartments , containing over 10,000 of the world 's finest athletes who have traveled from more than 200 countries around the world to stay for a two-week sporting jamboree . A potent mix of fit , body beautiful , young people -- many of whom have abstained from sexual intercourse as part of a disciplined training regime -- being in the same place , at the same time ; cocooned from the outside world by tight security and often reveling in the glory of success and attention of devoted crowds and the world 's press . Olympics live blog It is maybe only human nature that people , when placed together , procreate to some extent , but that libidinous cocktail means London 2012 officials were right if the experiences of Sydney and Atlanta were anything to make 150,000 condoms -- a record for the modern Games -- available to the Village 's frisky inhabitants , according to CNN 's source "  The athletes do n't know what to expect the first time they go to the Olympics , but it just happens , " added the former gold medalist , who is now approaching his late 30s , looking back at his Olympic experiences . "  As soon as you finish competing there 's no sleeping until the next day ! "  Many of the volunteers  in the Village  would say ` Oh , what is your room like ? ' and I knew they were not really wanting to see the room . It 's just fun , they are excited to be with the athletes . "  You talk , you go to your room . Let me say this ... there were lots of volunteers and they were happy to help you with whatever your needs were . "  My roommate and I would put something on the door so we would know if the other was ` busy ' . I feel bad to say it but my coach actually guarded the door the night before me and my roommate were racing  because of our reputations  ! But it did n't affect me like that . When I raced after sex I felt light on my feet . "  We were young and most of the people I hung out with were single . Hope Solo told it basically like it is , " said the runner , referring to the U.S. female soccer team goalkeeper . Solo is one of the few current athletes to have been candid about her experience of the Village environment . "  There 's a lot of sex going on , " said the 30-year-old keeper In an interview with ESPN Magazine , prior to the London Games . "  With a once-in-a-lifetime experience , you want to build memories , whether it 's sexual , partying or on the field . I 've seen people having sex right out in the open . On the grass , between buildings , people are getting down and dirty . " The anonymous runner who spoke to CNN , said that he found himself in the exact situation Solo had described , despite the surveillance of airborne security at the Village employed after a bomb exploded at the Atlanta Games in 1996 . "  It was around one in the morning and security would n't let us out of the Village , so me and my roommate went to the cafeteria for something to eat . The girls in there said , ` Oh , we finish in an hour , what are you guys doing ? ' So we said ` We 're heading back to our room ' . They asked if they could walk with us , and all I will say is we did n't make it back to the room -- and this with the helicopters flying over with their searchlights ! It was OK , we were under trees . " Shenanigans that would conceivably come as no surprise to swimmer Ryan Lochte and winner of five medals in the London pool . "  Seventy to 75 percent of Olympians hook up behind the scenes , " the 27-year-old swimmer told ESPN in July . "  Hey , sometimes you got ta do what you got ta do . " Solo believes the friendly nature of the Games makes it easy to meet people . "  Unlike at a bar , it 's not awkward to strike up a conversation because you have something in common , " Solo told ESPN . "  It starts with , ` What sport do you play ? ' All of a sudden , you 're fist-bumping . " "  Sydney was the best , they were so welcoming , friendly and passionate , " said CNN 's anonymous athlete , referring to the 2000 Games . "  In Sydney it was like going back to your school reunion and seeing people you have n't seen for a few years . Athletes from the Bahamas , Jamaica , friends that you keep with on the circuit all excited about being there . The Olympic spirit somehow touches everyone . "  In the Village you have an official masseuse and I was having problems with my leg after my race . So I went to the medical center which ultimately led to me having a rub down and I remember the very pretty lady who was going to treat me . She said : ` Please take off your clothes ' and then she said ` Oh my God , look at your body , I 've never seen a body like this ! ' So she helped with the rub down and afterwards I knew something was going to happen , and it did . " Olympic athletes ' extreme eating habits However , it is not just the sexually-charged nature of the Athletes ' Village that makes it such unique accommodation . According to former 100-meter men 's champion Linford Christie , the Village offers a unique opportunity to spend time , and often to make friends , with other athletes and even rivals . "  I loved staying in the Village , when I was Team GB captain I encouraged people to stay there because how on earth will the young athletes develop if all the experienced stars stay away ? It 's a way to take your mind of the pressure of your event , " said Christie , who is working with CNN during the Olympics . "  In 1992 there was the basketball ` Dream Team ' and you see Michael Jordan walking around in the cafeteria -- it was like ` woooh ! ' You look up to him , firstly , because he was seven foot but also because he was a big star . I collected autographs in there , for other people . "  And in track and field the people that you compete against are often your good friends . I met Frankie Fredericks that way . I 've got a good friend who was a German handball player and have friends from swimming as well as track and field . I met people through sport that I would never have met otherwise . " The Village also creates an environment in which national teams can bond . "  I think it 's very positive , because it 's a shared experience and it 's a leveler , " said Christie . "  Sometimes the food was bad , but if I performed as team captain and I 'd eaten the same food then that was a message for the team : it was no excuse . It 's fun , you can hang out with superstars and you get a chance to talk to people instead of being cocooned in a hotel on your own somewhere . " Kriss Akabusi , a veteran of the Los Angeles and Barcelona Games , also felt staying at the Village was a vital part of the Olympic experience . "  You know you 've arrived when you get to the Village . The best of the best are there and everything is available for your needs , " he said . "  I 'm quite an insular person , self-centered even , and the Athletes ' Village was good for my preparation because everything there is about ` you ' . You can decide whether or not you want to speak to the press or not . If you have a niggle then there 's a doctor , physio , all there ready to go , " the 400-meter runner and hurdler told CNN . "  L.A. had the best facilities . We could e-mail and get information straightaway as it was the beginning of Internet facilities . They had 24/7 movies , great food and it was my first time in America , Hollywood ! It was phenomenal Games . "  For 17 days we were the center of the universe . And if people were getting jiggy that 's fine but that was n't my experience or a lot of other athletes . "	London 2012 distributed 150 , 000 condoms to athletes Olympic Village comprises nearly 3000 apartments , housing over 10,000 athletes Linford Christie : "  I think it 's very positive -LSB- Village life -RSB- because it 's a shared experience and it 's a leveler " Former athlete Kriss Akabusi : "  For 17 days we were the center of the universe "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The nude body of a former swimsuit model found last weekend in Orange County was identified through her breast implants ' serial number , two law enforcement sources said Friday . An arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Alexander Jenkins , wanted in the death of Jasmine Fiore . An arrest warrant alleging murder was issued Thursday for Ryan Alexander Jenkins , a reality TV contestant whom Jasmine Fiore , 28 , married in March . CNN has not confirmed reports that the marriage was annulled . Fiore 's body was found Saturday in a Dumpster behind an apartment complex in Buena Park , just outside Anaheim , California . Her teeth had been extracted and fingers removed in what police said was an apparent attempt to conceal her identity . Fiore lived in Los Angeles and was last seen alive Friday in San Diego at a poker game with Jenkins , a reality TV contestant . "  We believe he has crossed into Canada , " U.S. Marshals Chief Inspector Thomas Hession told reporters . Prosecutors requested bail be set at $ 10 million . Reality contestant charged " Jenkins is believed to be armed , Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said Thursday . "  There 's a handgun missing from his apartment , which is the last place he was before he fled , " he said . Jenkins matched the description of a man seen driving a boat Wednesday in Blaine Marina off northwest Washington , the Whatcom County Sheriff 's Office said . Blaine , Washington , borders Canada . Authorities searched the area and found Jenkins ' black SUV with an empty boat trailer at the Blaine Marina , police said . Jenkins reported Fiore missing Saturday night to the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , authorities said . The body was identified Monday as Fiore . While the cause of death had not been confirmed , a preliminary coroner 's report indicated she was strangled . According to court records in Las Vegas , Nevada , Jenkins was charged in June with battery for allegedly striking Fiore in the arm with his fist . In 2007 , Jenkins pleaded guilty in Calgary , Alberta , to assault in a separate case . He was sentenced to 15 months probation , ordered to undergo counseling for domestic violence and sex addiction and to stay away from the person involved , according to court records . Jenkins , who appeared on the VH1 show "  Megan Wants a Millionaire , " is from Calgary . 51Minds , which produced "  Megan Wants a Millionaire , " said Thursday in a written statement that it "  was not aware of Ryan Jenkins ' record when it cast him . " "  The company did have in place what it thought was a thorough vetting process that involved complete background checks by an outside company for all contestants on its shows , " it said . "  Clearly , the process did not work properly in this case . 51 Minds is investigating what went wrong and taking steps to ensure that this sort of lapse never occurs again . " CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this story .	Breast implants ' serial number helps identify model 's body , police say Body of Jasmine Fiore , 28 , found stuffed into a suitcase inside a Dumpster Her teeth were extracted , fingers removed , making it harder to identify body Arrest warrant issued Thursday for Ryan Alexander Jenkins
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that winger Cristiano Ronaldo has been ruled out of his side 's La Liga clash with Sevilla on Sunday with an ankle injury . Real Madrid winger Cristiano Ronaldo will miss his side 's La Liga clash with Sevilla with an ankle injury . The 24-year-old Portugal international picked up the injury in Real 's 3-0 victory over Marseille in the Champions League during the week having scored twice in the game . Ronaldo was keen to be involved in the clash at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium , but Pellegrini revealed the club 's medical staff have taken the decision to leave him out of the squad . "  The only issue was Cristiano Ronaldo 's ankle . He tried playing yesterday and today and everyone , including the medical staff , believes he is n't ready to play , " Pellegrini told the club 's Web site . "  He trained on his own but was n't able to recover and will therefore not play tomorrow . "  Cristiano 's absence is significant , but we have a good squad and sufficient alternatives . " The match will be the first competitive game Ronaldo has missed a since his arrival from Manchester United for $ 130 million having contributed nine goals in seven games so far this season . The injury is not thought to be serious and he should be involved in Portugal 's World Cup qualifying clash against Hungary next weekend . Pellegrini also left midfielders Lassana Diarra and Fernando Gago , striker Ruud van Nistelrooy and defender Alvaro Arbeloa out of the squad for the trip to Sevilla .	Real Madrid winger Cristiano Ronaldo will miss his side 's clash with Sevilla Ronaldo picked up an ankle injury against Marseille in the Champions League The injury is not a serious one Ronaldo should be fit for Portugal next weekend
CNN  -- I 've just returned from a visit to Tanzania with the global health and development organization Population Services International to better understand the challenges facing health workers in the developing world . The outbreak of Ebola only underscores the dire need for trained health workers -- a global shortage of nearly 7.2 million health workers , according to the World Health Organization . About half of the spending on health care in Africa goes to private providers and care can be unregulated and quality inconsistent . During my week on the ground , however , I met PSI community health workers , nurses , doctors and business owners who deliver controlled and quality health care across Tanzania . PSI has ensured quality care by applying proven commercial franchising strategies -- think McDonalds or Subway -- to health care . PSI operates a franchise network that spans 31 countries and serves 10 million people every year . In Tanzania , the franchise is called Familia . Lucy , a Familia community health worker , goes out into the community every day and educates women about family planning and other health issues . Lucy then refers these women back to the neighborhood Familia clinic located right in the village she serves . I joined Lucy for a session she organized at a modest apartment building with a few rooms separated by concrete walls and colorful fabric curtains . When I climbed the stairs to the front porch , about a dozen women with babies who were seated on straw mats greeted me . Lucy began to talk with them about their contraception options , and they had lots of questions for her . The most vocal was a gregarious woman named Sophia . Sophia had used condoms and pills to space her births , but when Familia began offering longer-term methods like implants , she switched . The implant prevents pregnancy for up to three years , and she shared with us how it was a great weight off her shoulders . She told the group that she wanted to be able to plan her family size , so she and her husband could save for the future . Lucy reiterated that for women like Sophia , access to family planning is a key to health and economic stability . According to a report by the United Nations Population Fund and Guttmacher Institute , returns on investment in contraception can be recouped four times or more by reducing the need for public spending on social services . This is something Lucy knows well -- before she ended the session , she gave out vouchers to our new friends for a consultation at their local Familia clinic . After the session , we walked back to the clinic together and Lucy introduced me to Dr. John -- the clinic owner and care provider . He 's the kind of doctor anyone would want : one with a gentle bedside manner who cares deeply for the community he serves . We talked about the clinic , his needs and the number of clients he sees -- up to 200 per day . Dr. John said what he most needed was better business management skills . He was most appreciative about that component of PSI 's franchise model -- the ongoing training he and his staff receive . This helps him retain employees -- a major problem in developing countries underscored by this most recent epidemic -- and maintain a standard of care his clients can trust . The Familia franchise incorporates 260 private health facilities across 16 regions in Tanzania . PSI establishes the quality standards that clinics in the network , like Dr. John 's , must meet . And prices for products and services are set based on people 's ability and willingness to pay . With this structure , the health facilities can reach the very poor with free services and those who can afford to pay something with reduced fees . It 's working and clients are happy with the services they receive . According to PSI 's study of the Familia Network , the client retention rate is 81 % . From 2009 to 2011 , Familia health workers provided 45,000 IUDs and 14,000 implants to women who wanted a long-lasting method of contraception -- which equals 143,000 years of protection from unintended pregnanc y for Tanzanian couples . This innovative model takes an unregulated sector with varying degrees of quality and standardizes the level of care . It provides the vital infrastructure necessary for a woman like Sophia to take care of herself and her family , and a doctor and business owner like John to earn a decent living . As we left , I asked Dr. John if his future plans included opening a few more clinics . He smiled , and simply said , "  That 's my dream . "	Mandy Moore : Ebola underscores the need for trained health workers in Africa Moore : Care can be inconsistent , so PSI developed a "  franchise " model for clinics Moore went to Tanzania to observe quality , controlled health care in clinic franchise She says the innovative model standardizes the level of care and business practices
