CNN  -- Thousands of Chileans may have to sleep in the streets Wednesday night after a 7.7 magnitude earthquake rattled the north part of the country , killing at least two people , injuring dozens and destroying hundreds of homes . Valentina Bustos shot this photo Wednesday of earthquake damage at a hotel in Antofagasta , Chile . "  There are more than a thousand , 1,200 houses , at least , that were totally flattened , and others in bad shape , " Tocopilla Mayor Luis Moyano said in an interview that aired on Radio Cooperativo . Tocopilla , Chile , north of Santiago , is about 35 km  21 miles  from the quake 's epicenter . "  Tonight , people are going to have to sleep in the street , because there are a great number of houses that are uninhabitable , " said Moyano . Places that could be used as shelters , such as schools and gyms , were damaged in the quake , the mayor said . Moyano put the number of people without shelter at 4,000 . Tocopilla 's population is 24,000 . Moyano described going through the damaged city and running into people asking , "  Mayor , my house collapsed . What do I do ? Mayor , I do n't have water . What do I do ? " "  It gets to you , " he said . Paula Saez with the aid organization World Vision told CNN she was on a treacherous drive attempting to reach Tocopilla . "  There 's no electricity and there 's a lot of landslides " covering the road in spots , she said , and the highway was spotted with holes . Once in Tocopilla , Saez said , she was prepared to offer tents , blankets and medicine to citizens and assess additional needs . The government 's Office of National Emergency reported that two women had died and others were injured in the city . Officials identified one of those killed as 54-year-old Olga Petronila Ortiz Cisternas . The other fatality was an 88-year-old woman . Watch what a 7.7 earthquake can do " Municipal official Ljubica Ukurtovic , in an interview with Chilean TV station TVN , said that "  approximately 100 people " had sought treatment at a Tocopilla hospital . The quake collapsed a roadway tunnel , temporarily trapping about 50 construction workers . See where the quake struck " High-level government sources said the workers had been rescued . Repair work on the 793-meter  2,600-foot  Pedro Galleguillos tunnel , completed in 1994 , began on October 1 and was to be finished early next year . Tocopilla is about 1,245 km  780 miles  north of Santiago and the quake was felt in Peru and Bolivia , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The temblor was centered at a depth of 60 km  37 miles  , the USGS said . A tsunami warning was issued for the South Pacific coast after the quake hit , but was canceled within an hour . Chile has been the scene of hundreds of strong earthquakes throughout history , including the largest one of the 20th century on May 22 , 1960 . The quake that struck southern Chile that day registered a magnitude 9.5 and launched a tsunami that caused damage as far away as Hawaii , Japan and the Philippines . Nearly 6,000 people died as a result of the quake and its tsunami . A magnitude 7.8 earthquake that struck southern Chile on January 25 , 1939 , killed 28,000 people . A magnitude 9.0 earthquake in what was then southern Peru but is now northern Chile killed 25,000 people in 1868 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Tocopilla mayor : More than 1,200 homes flattened , shelters damaged Dozens of workers freed from collapsed roadway tunnel , officials say Chilean Navy is moving heavy equipment into the area to help with rescue 7.7 quake north of Tocopilla happened at 12:40 p.m.  10:40 a.m. ET
It would be an understatement to say that Pakistan is under attack . This week , the Pakistani Taliban bypassed all security checks at the country 's largest airport in southern port city of Karachi . A few hours earlier , another affiliate of the Pakistani Taliban massacred nearly 30 members of Pakistan 's minority Shiite community in Balochistan province . A few hours after the Karachi airport was reclaimed by Pakistan 's security agencies , a suicide bomber rammed a truck into a military checkpoint in North Waziristan , close to the Afghanistan border , killing at least three soldiers . The attack on Karachi 's international airport resulted in the deaths of 29 people , including security personnel . The bodies of another seven cargo workers were recovered Tuesday from a cold storage facility at the airport . All 10 terrorists died during the assault . Even after those attacks , for the second time in two days , Pakistan 's largest and busiest airport was forced to shut down after militants launched a brazen attack on airport security forces . Tuesday 's assault targeted the Airport Security Forces academy near Karachi 's Jinnah International Airport , the airport 's manager told CNN 's Saima Mohsin in Karachi . The attackers fled , and no one was killed in the attack , officials said . The obvious question is : How did the militants manage to enter the airport premises with heavy arms and ammunition ? Major security lapses This security lapse however is not new . In 2009 , militants breached an otherwise impregnable fortress -- the General Headquarters of the Army in Rawalpindi -- and continued their operation for hours . Similarly , the Pakistani Taliban also attacked Karachi 's naval base in 2011 , destroying expensive equipment and killing 10 soldiers . In 2012 , they were also successful in carrying out suicide attacks at Peshawar 's International airport , resulting in more loss of life . Despite these major lapses , Pakistan 's system of intelligence gathering and sharing has been reformed . The new internal security policy , agreed in December 2013 , aims to centralize the intelligence sharing process , but it is yet to be implemented . In the case of the Karachi airport attack , the military 's swift response helped salvage the situation . Within five to seven hours the airport had been cleared and , given the high-value targets there , major damage was prevented . Military seizes initiative Another key feature of the operation was the decisive role of the military , as the civilian government apparently took a backseat . Under Pakistan 's constitution , federal ministries are responsible for aviation and airport administration , but the ministers were nowhere to be seen . Even in terms of media management , the military seized the initiative as the head of inter services public relations  ISPR  , a major general , was live tweeting and informing about the progress of the operations . In any other country this would not seem extraordinary . But , given Pakistan 's peculiar history and the recent civil-military tensions , these developments were meaningful . There was a clear public message that the Army was at the forefront and in control of security policy and operations . Negotiations with the TTP In the weeks before the attack , Pakistan 's civil and military branches of government had been struggling to find a way out to deal with the TTP . Formal talks with the TTP commenced in February 2014 but these disintegrated a fortnight ago . Concurrently , the military had been launching airstrikes and the Karachi attack came in the midst of policy shift in Islamabad . The airstrikes resumed after the airport attack was foiled . Since Pakistan 's new Army Chief Raheel Sharif assumed charge in November 2013 , the military has given clear signals of its intent to tackle the TTP militarily . The TTP is believed to have killed between 5,000 and 15,000 Pakistani soldiers including generals in recent years . Pakistan 's Army did not suffer such losses in three wars against India  1965 , 1971 and 1999  . Civilian leaders are worried about the potential backlash of such military operations . What complicates the issue further is that some of the factions of TTP are in league with the  Pakistan-friendly  Afghan Taliban , and an all-out operation would hit them as well . The Pakistani Taliban are not in a position to take over the country . However , the three terror incidents in the past 48 hours underscore their capacity to launch attacks on multiple fronts . They gained media attention and reminded everyone of their cohesion , weeks after reports that the TTP was in disarray after a major faction split from the group in May . Is the TTP in crisis or cohesive ? In its official statement accepting the responsibility for this attack , TTP cited the Karachi attack as a revenge for the martyrdom of its leader Hakimullah Mehsud , who was killed in a U.S. drone strike last year . Since then the TTP -- a loose umbrella of various militant groups -- has been in a crisis of sorts . Its leader Fazlullah reportedly operates from Afghanistan and , according to Pakistani official sources , gets support from the Afghan authorities . For the latter , Fazlullah 's presence is a lever to get even with Pakistan for its purported support to the Afghan Taliban , who launch frequent attacks and are contenders for the power pie after NATO 's drawdown in 2014 . It is unclear if the recent attacks will lead to the emergence of a coherent policy and civil-military consensus in Pakistan . Civilians are afraid of the reprisal attacks ; and the military is in no mood to allow TTP to continue killing its soldiers . And with the withdrawal of foreign troops , soon the neighboring Afghanistan may turn into an easier space for Pakistani Taliban and their affiliates . It is time for Pakistan to make a hard choice . In its strategic calculus , it needs to address mending relations with the Afghan government and viewing terrorism as a shared problem .	Airport attack was not Pakistan 's first security lapse Military has taken the lead in responding to the strike Pakistan 's government has struggled to negotiate with Taliban TTP used recent terror incidents to show cohesion , despite major faction split
PEOPLE.com  -- Giuliana Rancic is in good spirits after undergoing a successful double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery on Tuesday . "  G is doing really well , " husband Bill Rancic told "  E! News . " "  Her surgery lasted about four hours and the doctors were very pleased with the result . " The E! Host , 37 , decided to have a double mastectomy after lumpectomies failed to eradicate her breast cancer . "  She had a little bit of pain through the night but is feeling much better this morning and was cracking jokes , " Bill said . While Giuliana recently told PEOPLE that her world had been turned upside down since being diagnosed three months ago , she 's determined to fight the disease . "  My breasts have never defined me -- and now they never will , " she said . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  G is doing really well , " husband Bill Rancic said Giuliana Rancic decided to have a double mastectomy after lumpectomies failed "  My breasts have never defined me -- and now they never will , " she said
CNN  -- The mother who made national headlines when she confronted a former Pennsylvania judge , sentenced for a scheme to make millions off unjustly incarcerating young people , said Sunday she feels that she got justice . "  It 's justice in the sense that he is going to pay for what we 've been dealing with for the last eight years , " Sandy Fonzo told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  True justice I do n't think there could ever be . He 'll never live the sentence that I 'll live with for the rest of my life -- ca n't bring my son back , " she said . Ciavarella sentenced to 28 years Former Luzerne County Judge Mark Ciavarella was sentenced to 28 years in prison and ordered to pay about $ 1 million in restitution last week for his part in the so-called kids for cash scandal . Ciavarella was found guilty in February of 12 of 39 racketeering and fraud charges for accepting millions of dollars in bribes from friends who owned detention centers to which he sent juveniles . The case made national headlines when Ciavarella was confronted by Fonzo outside a courtroom after his conviction . Fonzo 's 17-year-old son , Edward Kenzakowski , spent months in detention after Ciavarella sentenced him for possession of drug paraphernalia . According to Fonzo , her son , who had no prior record , was never able to recover and eventually took his own life . "  He was never the same , " she told Lemon . "  He went in a young boy , a young , spirited boy , and came out a pent-up , angry man and it just escalated . " She said in February she came to the courthouse believing Ciavarella would be taken straight to jail . But when she found out he was going home and would not be sentenced until later , she was shocked and angered , and began shouting at Ciavarella . Fonzo 's confrontation was captured by television cameras . "  Do you remember me ? " Fonzo screamed lunging toward Ciavarella , "  Do you remember my son ? " she screamed again . "  He 's gone , " she cried , "  He shot himself in the heart , you scumbag ! "	Former juvenile judge Mark Ciavarella was sentenced to 28 years in prison Sandy Fonzo says her son killed himself after receiving an unjust sentence from Ciavarella "  He was never the same , " she says about her son after his detention
CNN  Deputies rushed Kenneth Morgan Stancil III from court Thursday after the 20-year-old murder suspect swore at a judge and tried to flip over a table . Stancil is accused of killing an employee Monday at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina . Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay , CNN affiliate WNCN reported , and investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime . Authorities arrested Stancil after he was found sleeping on a Florida beach on Tuesday . Just a few minutes into Thursday 's hearing on the first-degree murder charge he faces , Stancil snapped back at the judge after he was offered a court-appointed lawyer . "  No , I do n't need one , " said Stancil , who stood before the judge with his legs shackled and his arms handcuffed in front of him . "  You know what I 'm saying ? I knew I would get life anyway . " Superior Court Judge Arnold O. Jones interjected , pointing out that the maximum sentence Stancil faces is the death penalty . "  Yes , I know that , " Stancil fired back . "  But when I knew what I had to do and I knew when I got caught , you know , I knew in my mind that I could get life , I could get the death penalty . You know what I 'm saying ? Do you follow my topic ? I would have killed you , you know what I 'm saying , if you 're a f -- ing child molester . " The judge told him not to swear . "  I do n't give a f -- what you want , " Stancil said , lunging forward and lifting up the table in front of him . Deputies quickly corralled him and hustled him from the courtroom . The hearing resumed about 25 minutes later , when Stancil was brought back into the courtroom , this time with his arms handcuffed behind him . When asked again by Jones whether he wanted a lawyer , his response was quick -- and calm . "  Yes , sir , " he said . In an interview with CNN affiliate WRAL , Stancil described himself as a neo-Nazi and said he hates gay people "  with a passion . " Stancil had worked for Lane , the school 's print shop operator , as part of a work-study program , but was let go from the program in early March because of poor attendance , college officials said . During the interview , and during a court appearance in Florida on Tuesday , Stancil said Lane deserved to die , accusing him of being a child molester who 'd made advances in online messages to Stancil 's 16-year-old brother . Lane 's family has described those accusations as untrue and slanderous . His cousin , Steve Smith , told WRAL that Lane never made sexual advances toward children or anyone with whom he worked . He described him as a loving man who was dedicated to family and friends . "  Yes , Ron was gay . But people need to get over it , " Smith said . "  That 's between him and the Lord , him and his savior . "	Kenneth Morgan Stancil , charged with first-degree murder , swears at the judge Deputies escort him from court after he tries to flip over a table Stancil is accused of killing an employee at Wayne Community College
CNN  -- Lego boss Jorgen Vig Knudstorp , who pulled the iconic toy brand back into profit , says Europe needs to face up to its harsh economic reality . Knudstorp believes Europeans think they are wealthier than they are , despite three years of a global financial crisis . With the crisis continuing to roil markets and destabilize the banking sector , "  it 's about all of us recognizing that we have lost a bit of our wealth , " he says . Lego lost its way in the late 90s and went deeply into debt before rebounding to double digit growth under Knudstorp 's leadership . Knudstorp suggests European finance ministers could learn from Danish manufacturer 's experience . "  My piece of advice would be : face the truth -- that is what I learned the hard way in our company . " Knudstorp says Lego went too deeply into debt , as Europe has also done . According to Knudstorp , stemming the crisis will begin by saying : "  Yes we are over-indebted , we are sorry , we screwed up . " He believes Europe needs to write-off some of its debt to avoid a stagnant economy for the next decade . "  I think we are moving from a 30 year period of just borrowing more and more money at the government level and also at the household level , " Knudstorp says . However , he says , Europe is entering a phase where raw material costs could increase while the availability for cheap labor around the world will decline . At Lego , Knudstorp will be focused on ensuring the company adapts to the changing economic conditions , which he believes are crucial to ensure survival . Lego is also renewing its portfolio of products , and plans to launch toys specifically designed for girls . But Knudstorp also emphasis the needs to keep things simple . "  You need to challenge your organization all the time , to stay coherent , not make things too complicated , " he says . "  A lot of productivity is lost inside the company when things get complicated . " CNN 's Emily Smith has contributed to this report .	The boss of Lego says Europe needs to face up to its harsh economic reality Jorgen Vig Knudstorp believes Europeans think they are wealthier than they are He says Europe needs to write-off some of its debt to avoid a stagnant economy for the next decade
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A rare inter-Korean meeting ended prematurely Wednesday with no progress . North Korea told the South to "  go back " according to Lee Jong-Joo , a spokeswoman for South Korea 's Unification Ministry , insisting they would not talk with anyone from the government itself . A delegation of twelve South Korean government officials and businessmen crossed the border into North Korea 's Kumgang tourist resort to try to resolve a dispute over South Korean assets there . The joint project was started in 1998 to boost reconciliation and give North Korea a chance to earn money . Seoul suspended tours in 2008 after a South Korean tourist was shot dead by a North Korean soldier after walking into an off-limit area . The last discussion at the Mount Kumgang resort was in April 2010 but that did not include government officials . Pyongyang said last month it will cut off all ties with the government in Seoul , and it refuses to talk to anyone in President Lee Myung-Bak 's administration .	North tells delegation from the South to "  go back " North Korea refuses to talk with anyone from President Lee Myung-Bak 's administration
CNN  -- In preparation for co-hosting next summer 's Euro 2012 football championship , Poland has been transforming itself . With help from EU funding , new airports , roads and impressive stadia are all set to be completed well in time before the first match kicks off in Warsaw on June 8 . From the infrastructure to the event itself , organizers are now focusing on the matches that will be played in four of Poland 's cities . "  Now we are looking at organizational issues and the most important in that is safety . Poland is not more dangerous than other European countries , "  said Adam Giersz , Poland 's Minister for Sport and Tourism . Great strides have been made in eradicating violence and hooliganism from football matches across Europe , but it remains a concern and on-going problem in many countries , including Poland . The Polish Cup final in May between Legia Warsaw and Lech Poznan was marred by violent scenes and UEFA , European football 's governing body , warned the Polish Football Association after hooliganism during the country 's international match against Lithuania in March . However new laws on assembly and who can enter stadia were passed earlier this year and led to numerous arrests . "  They are already frightened because they were already arrested , " said Gronkiewicz-Waltz , Warsaw 's mayor . "  They were punished , some of the leaders were already punished by the courts and so I think  Euro 2012  will be ok . " Poland has looked to the UK for examples of how to improve safety around football matches . "  Our new safety law is based on the British system , " said Giersz referring to the way English football clubs and UK government enacted numerous measures to remove a violent minority from attending football matches . "  The main points are to get rid of anonymity . Everyone at the stadium must be recognized by name and surname . " It is hoped that the face-recognition technology being trialed that can identify banned hooligans will be ready in time for the competition and augment other security measures , such security cameras and restricting access around stadia to ticket-holders . The country will be under the spotlight in June , but many believe the planning and measures taken by Poland 's government and the event 's organizers will leave a positive legacy . "  I think new the stadiums in themselves will create more interest in football , " said Krzysztof Dowhan , coach of Legia Warsaw . "  Fans will be able to enjoy the sport in more comfortable surroundings . Also I think more players from abroad will come to play in Poland which will in turn raise the standard of our game . " CNN 's Jim Boulden contributed to this report	Poland will co-host Euro 2012 football tournament with Ukraine next year Organizers are beefing up security arrangements to counter violent incidents New stadia have been built and plans to use face-recognition technology
CNN  -- Over the past four months "  Road to Durban : A Green City Journey " has traveled south from the UK to the COP17 Conference in Durban , exploring efforts to reduce carbon emissions in urban centers . In the UK , Germany , Turkey and South Africa , three CNN reporters went in search of the best examples of how carbon cuts are being made in cities - with a particular focus on industry , transport , waste , architecture and the economics of renewable energy . But what are our governments doing in the battle against global warming ? CNN 's Robyn Curnow hosts a high profile panel debate with four leading thinkers in the environmental lobby . The questions are this : Why has it been so hard for countries to agree on the right way forward ? What is the responsibility of the developed and developing nations ? And finally , how economically viable will it be to create the sustainable cities of the future . The Panel : - Professor Pan Jiahua , advisor to the Chinese Delegation - Elliot Diringer , former Advisor to the Clinton Administration and part of the US Delegation at the signing of Kyoto Protocol - Kumi Naidoo , native South African and Executive Director of Greenpeace International - Mary Robinson - former President of Ireland , former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights and President of Mary Robinson Foundation - Climate Justice Watch the show in December at the following times : Wednesday , December 14 : 10:30 , 17:30 , Saturday , December 17 : 05:30 , 19:30 Sunday , December 18 : 12:30 Saturday , December 31 : 12:30 all times GMT	December 's Road to Durban comes from COP17 in Durban We will be hosting a series of panel discussions on subjects coming out of COP17 Panelists will include former Irish President Mary Robinson and head of Greenpeace International Kumi Naidoo
TAMPA , Florida  CNN  -- Don Stratton says he 's just a good ol' boy . He 's simple and plainspoken . But he has a painful past he ca n't leave behind . When he talks about it , the old emotions surface . Don Stratton says he and others were abused at the Florida School for Boys during the 1960s . Stratton attended a Florida reform school as a teenager in the early 1960s . Nearly half a century later , he 's telling a chilling tale of alleged beatings , sexual abuse and violent death at the hands of reform school workers . He said he believes the bodies of slain boys are buried in unnamed graves on the grounds of the former reform school in Marianna , Florida . "  These men are animals and need to be prosecuted to the full extent of the law , " Stratton told CNN in an interview at his attorney 's office in Tampa . Stratton wore a black cowboy hat with a Harley Davidson logo . Despite his tough exterior , he fought back tears as he recounted how he was physically and sexually assaulted . Stratton is among a group of men , now in their 60s , who are suing state agencies in Florida as well as two former reform school workers over alleged abuse they received as teenagers . The suit was filed this month . "  At 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning , you 'd hear a boy crying , " Stratton told CNN . "  And then the door would open and you 'd see these guys come in and come up to somebody they liked , and they 'd just tell you , ` Come on with me , you 're mine for tonight . You 're my boy for tonight . ' And they would take you and do what they wanted to do with you . " "  They would take a leather strap , six inches wide and three feet long , " he added , swinging his arm in a downward motion . "  It 's like a shotgun going off . And they beat you until you 're bloody . " Stratton 's attorneys said they 've interviewed 80 former students who say they were abused . Stratton and the other alleged abuse victims who spoke with CNN all said the beatings took place in a small white cement building they called "  the white house . " Gov. Charlie Crist has ordered an investigation into the alleged abuse . He has asked the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to uncover records , interview students and find former administrators . The agency also was asked to determine who , if anyone , is buried beneath the 31 rusting white crosses on the school grounds . "  Whatever is below those crosses is crying out -- and it 's screaming for us to bring justice , " Stratton said . The truth of what happened at the Florida School for Boys may ultimately be lost to time . But investigators said they 're making progress . "  There are challenges due to the length of time that has passed , " said Florida Department of Law Enforcement spokeswoman Heather Smith . "  We are confident that we can conduct a thorough and methodical investigation and establish , as much as we can , what happened here and what lies beneath in those grave sites . " Smith said it was much too early in the investigation to say whether there would be an exhumation . Investigators said that , so far , the search for records from 50 years ago has been productive . They also have met with many of the men who have come forward . When they meet with Stratton , they will hear his claim that he witnessed the violent death of one boy who exposed himself to reform school workers on a dare . The boy was taken to "  the white house . " Stratton said that later , while he was working in the kitchen , he saw a brown 1949 Ford pull up . "  They opened the back door and they carried him out and threw him in the back of the car , " said Stratton , fighting tears . "  They took him out there and buried him in the woods , " he said . "  I know they buried him somewhere , 'cause he never showed up again . " Investigators will also hear Stratton 's claim that he and many of the other boys were sexually assaulted . His story is so graphic that it can not be repeated . He tearfully apologized to CNN . "  I do n't pull no punches , but it 's hard doing this on camera . See what I 'm saying ? This is tough , fellas , " he said . "  We 're all men here , know what I mean ? I 'm not ashamed of it , but I was 13 years old and I had no choice ... and it haunts me today . " CNN has tried to find many of the men who are alleged to have committed the beatings and sexual assaults . Some have died . The lawsuit names former worker Troy Tidwell , a one-armed man who still lives near the reform school grounds in Marianna . It alleges he participated in physical assaults and failed to report the abuse . Tidwell refused to meet with CNN in December to respond to the allegations , but he recently told the Miami Herald that the boys were "  spanked " but not injured . " Kids that were chronic cases , getting in trouble all the time , running away and what have you , they used that as a last resort , " Tidwell told the Herald . "  We would take them to a little building near the dining room and spank the boys there when we felt it was necessary . " Tidwell , in his 80s , has hired a law firm to represent him in the lawsuit . In court filings , his lawyers are trying to get the suit thrown out . His attorney did not return CNN 's calls for comment . "  You 've got to realize what these guys did , " Stratton said . "  They mentally abused us , and they beat us . Is that something you should say : ` I 'm sorry fellas . You 're an old man now , live out the rest of your life in a rocking chair . ' Well , no way . "	Lawsuit alleges abuse at Florida reform school during 1960s Attorneys say they have spoken to more than 80 former residents Former resident Don Stratton says he was beaten , saw boy carried away Governor has ordered investigation of what lies beneath 31 white crosses
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho suffered his first ever home defeat in the English Premier League as Chelsea slumped to a 2-1 loss to bottom side Sunderland at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . The Portuguese manager 's remarkable 77-match unbeaten record which covers both his spells at the west London club was ended when former Chelsea player Fabio Borini scored an 82nd-minute winner . The Italian , who is currently on loan to Sunderland from league leaders Liverpool , slotted home from the penalty spot after Cesar Azpilicueta had been adjudged to have fouled Jozy Altidore by referee Mike Dean . The decision incensed Chelsea assistant coach Rui Faria who angrily confronted Dean before being sent to the stands . After squandering two points at Manchester City in midweek , Gus Poyet 's side were n't about to make the same mistake twice and gamely held on for the win despite concerted pressure from the home side . The win is n't enough to lift Sunderland off the foot of the table but it does move them to within one point of Cardiff and Fulham who each have 30 points and have played one game extra . Earlier , Samuel Eto'o had put the Blues ahead steering home neatly from a corner in the 12th minute before Conor Wickham scored his third goal in two matches six minutes later -- the 21-year-old firing home after goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer had spilled Marcos Alonso 's speculative shot . Despite enjoying almost two thirds of possession , Chelsea failed to find a way through Sunderland 's defenses converting just one of their 31 scoring opportunities . The Blues ' third league defeat in six matches leaves them two points adrift of leaders Liverpool who can move five points clear if they beat Norwich City on Sunday . Mourinho has been insisting for some time that his team are not favorites for the title and now his pessimistic predictions are perhaps coming true . He was n't taking questions on that subject or any others following Saturday 's loss , choosing instead to issue a brusque statement . "  I just want to say four things , and I 'm sorry , because if you make me  answer  more questions , I will repeat in exactly the same way , " a dejected Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  Congratulations to my players , because they gave what they have and what they do n't have . Congratulations to Sunderland , because they won . Congratulations to Mike Dean , because he made a fantastic performance . "  And congratulations to Mike Riley  the man in charge of Premier League referees  , because what they did during the season was fantastic for the way the championship is going . "  So congratulations to all of them , and I have nothing more to say . I 'm sorry . " When Mourinho has prized his tongue out from his cheek he will have the task of getting his players ready for Tuesday 's Champions League semifinal first leg at Atletico Madrid . After that , there is the small matter of a league trip to Liverpool next weekend . In the remaining Premier League matches Tottenham Hotspur beat Fulham 3-1 at White Hart Lane . Back-to-back wins in their last two matches had given the Cottagers hope of avoiding the drop but Saturday 's defeat keeps them second-from-bottom , two points from safety with only three games remaining . Spurs , meanwhile , remain sixth with 63 points from 35 games . Fellow strugglers Cardiff City drew 1-1 with Stoke City to move up to 18th in the table while Aston Villa and Southampton played out a goalless draw . Crystal Palace beat West Ham United 1-0 at Upton Park to record a fifth straight win while Swansea City beat Newcastle United 2-1 at St James ' Park . Arsenal are away to Hull and Everton take on David Moyes ' Manchester United at Goodison Park on Sunday . PSG lift French League Cup Paris Saint-Germain won the French League Cup for a fourth time defeating Lyon 2-1 at the Stade de France on Saturday night . Two first-half goals from Edinson Cavani -- one from open play in the fourth minute , the other a 32nd-minute penalty -- handed the Ligue 1 leaders the advantage before Alexandre Lacazette 56th-minute goal halved the deficit . Laurent Blanc 's side held on against the side they lost to in the league last weekend to clinch what will likely be a cup and league double -- PSG are currently 10 points clear of Monaco in Ligue 1 with five games remaining . Over in Germany , Bayern Munich warmed up for their Champions League semifinal first leg match against Real Madrid with a 2-0 win against bottom-of-the-table Braunschweig . Pep Guardiola 's side , who have already been crowned Bundesliga champions , bounced back from back-to-back league defeats with late goals from Claudio Pizarro and Mario Mandzukic . Borussia Dortmund consolidated second place with a 4-2 win over Mainz . Schalke can move back to within three points of Jurgen Klopp 's side , who now have 64 points from 31 games , with a win away at Stuttgart on Sunday . Elsewhere there were also wins for Wolfsburg , Frieburg and Werder Bremen . The match between Augsburg and Hertha Berlin ended 0-0 . In Italy , Juventus remain on course for third successive Serie A title after a 1-0 against relegation-threatened Bologna kept Antonio Conte 's side eight points clear of second-place Roma . Rudi Garcia 's men kept their slim chances of overhauling Juve alive with a 1-0 at fourth-place Fiorentina while third place Napoli drew 1-1 at Udinese . At the foot of the table , Catania kept their feint hopes of avoiding relegation alive with a 2-1 win against Sampdoria . Victory moves them to within two points of Livorno who lost 3-0 to AC Milan . The win lifts the Rossoneri to seventh , level on points with sixth-placed Parma who lost 2-0 to Inter . Three matches were played in Spain on Saturday . Real Sociedad moved up to sixth with a 2-1 against Espanyol while the games between Osasuna and Valencia and Levante 's match with Getafe ended in draws . Barcelona return to league action on Sunday against Athletic Bilbao after losing 2-1 to arch rivals Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey on Wednesday . Atletico Madrid extended their lead at the top of La Liga to six points with a 2-0 win over Elche on Friday . Read more : Miranda and Costa fire Atletico to victory	Chelsea lose 2-1 to Sunderland at Stamford Bridge Defeat at home is Mourinho 's first in 78 English Premier League matches Sunderland remain bottom of table but move to within one point of nearest rivals
If Bill Murray does n't want to star in another "  Ghostbusters " movie , maybe he could be the casting director . While at the Toronto International Film Festival this week , Murray spoke about the rumored all-female "  Ghostbusters " movie that studio Sony is said to be considering .  In August , reports indicated the company was toying with the idea of a reboot , and was taking a look at "  Bridesmaids " director Paul Feig as a potential helmer . Although Murray has shied away from participating in more "  Ghostbusters " films , that does n't mean he 's against an all-female installment . "  I 'm fine with it ; I 'd go to that movie , " Murray told The Toronto Star at TIFF , where his drama/comedy with Melissa McCarthy , "  St. Vincent , " had a premiere . "  They 'd probably have better outfits , too . " Who could be the movie 's stars ? Murray has some ideas . "  Melissa  McCarthy  would be a spectacular Ghostbuster , " Murray said , mentioning his latest co-star right off the bat . "  And Kristen Wiig is so funny . God , she 's funny ! " His wish list does n't end there : "  I like this  ` Mad Men 's '  Linda Cardellini a lot . And Emma Stone is funny . There are some funny girls out there . " From Murray 's lips to Sony 's ears . Sony planning movie with female superhero Your new Thor is a she	Bill Murray speaks about the rumored all-female "  Ghostbusters " at TIFF He says he is on board with the idea He 'd nominate Melissa McCarthy and Kristen Wiig to star in the cast The actor himself has declined to participate in more "  Ghostbusters " movies
CNN  -- I am sorry to report that Colorado has shut down all government and civilian activities under a haze of pot smoke . Trains will not run . Store shelves are bare . Citizens are rioting in a pot-induced trance . Tourists are avoiding the Sodom and Gomorrah called Colorado . Keep your children indoors and your money in the mattress ! Yes , many skeptics predicted terrible consequences , but six months after legalization of recreational marijuana in Colorado , the sky still has n't fallen . We understand that Colorado and Washington are under intense scrutiny because of their forward-thinking legalization of marijuana . Being first presents challenges and opportunities . But there is much to learn from Colorado 's experiment , lessons in what works and what does n't . ' I like weed , and I 'm a good person ' Success in these early stages already shows reduced underage use and tremendous tax revenues , according to statistics compiled by the Drug Policy Alliance , amounting to millions of dollars a month . Gov. John Hickenlooper anticipates cannabusiness to be a billion-dollar industry in 2014 in Colorado . Crime rates are down . Colorado travel is up . Applications to attend Colorado schools have increased -- to no one 's surprise . Identifying the single biggest problem facing the state , counties , cities , and cannabusinesses in Colorado is easy : It 's the banking situation . Because pot remains illegal under federal law , legal financial institutions wo n't work with marijuana businesses , and they are forced to operate on a 100 % cash basis . No one wins when consumers must pay cash only ; and businesses must pay taxes , employees , rent , electric bills , and every other normal business expense in cash . Quarterly withholding is paid only in cash , only by appointment , only in Denver , and only with a 10 % cash payment penalty added by the federal government . The federal government must provide more than lip service to this issue , and sooner is better . Legal marijuana has benefits on many social fronts . Drug laws have for too long put young people in prison , often ruining their lives ; this is especially true for people of color . Renting an apartment can become a personal nightmare because of a marijuana conviction . A mortgage can become impossible . We know that marijuana is substantially safer than alcohol . No one seriously disputes this anymore . How safe is it ? The number of people killed by marijuana overdose every year remains at zero . A study reported an average of 317 Americans died each year from alcohol poisoning -- but the Center for Disease Control and Prevention reports that 88,000 deaths a year "  can be attributed to excessive use of alcohol . " Recent police sting operations , from January 2014 , resulted in zero violations of the ban on selling to minors . Law and regulation means greater safety for consumers . Large numbers of people consume pot in every state -- a Pew Research Center survey in April found that 47 % of Americans say they have tried marijuana . In Colorado and Washington , they can expect some protection from adulterants , mold , and other impurities , while knowing the potency of their intended purchases . The states can expect substantial tax revenues , increased employment , and a reduction in jail overcrowding . Private prisons will become less necessary . But the garden is not entirely roses . Colorado has struggled with problems linked to marijuana edibles . People who have eaten or ingested too much of a marijuana-laced treat have become nauseous and extremely anxious ; half of the 79 calls to medical facilities concerning marijuana in the first four months of legalization regarded edibles . More education is necessary . The state is pursuing labeling , packaging , and potency regulations as part of the solution . Parents should protect children from marijuana as they would from alcohol or aspirin . Consumers should expect consistent dosages and known ingredients . The state and the other stakeholders must continue to work toward solutions as areas of concern become apparent . Another benefit : Being able to grow hemp as a fiber , overlooked by the country in 1937 and easily forgotten , is a tremendous positive result of legalization . Hemp helped win World War II and plays a significant role in a laundry list of applications . Colorado , as a large farm state , stands to win . The U.S. benefits . The inexcusable practice of buying processed hemp from other countries is eliminated . The industry has willingly complied with wall-to-wall video surveillance , labeling , child-proof packaging , dose control , and hundreds of pages of detailed laws and regulations . This is government-civilian cooperation at its best . The mutual desire to find intelligent solutions permits industry-government cooperation at levels simply impossible in the past . Colorado is not finished -- and every success will be reported on Page 12 . Every problem will be "  Page one , above the fold . " As a world role model , Colorado can lead the way on how to do this right . The United States was properly referred to as the "  Great Experiment " : Colorado is part of that . This is our democracy at work in a vibrant , organic way . Peace has been declared in a particular corner of the war on drugs . Mr. President , in Colorado , we respect your right to say "  No , thank you , " as you did when someone offered you a hit on your recent visit to Denver . However , if you change your mind , our invitation to visit and to have a toke is still open .	Leonard Frieling says pot is legal in two states and the sky has n't fallen Of Colorado , he says : sales tax revenues will bring millions , and crime is down Lack of bank service causes problematic cash economy , he says Government , civilians and industry are cooperating for experiment to work
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong art collector Alan Lo and his father share a love for Chinese art . The younger Lo buys modern Chinese art ; his dad owns an important collection of traditional Chinese ink drawings . In the past , they 've sold some of their pieces at auction without much drama . However , there was one particularly frustrating transaction . "  My dad encountered an experience where he sold a piece of work upwards of $ 5 million to $ 10 million . It took the buyer almost half a year to pay the auction house , " Lo recalls , saying the anonymous buyer was most likely from mainland China . Whether it 's a cultural issue or a calculated financial move , non-payment causes major headaches for all players involved . The sellers do n't get their money , the auction house does n't get its commission , and storage and insurance costs add up . "  With big-ticket items , it 's becoming more and more of a concern with mainland buyers . To a certain extent , they have less of a tendency to follow the rules of the game , " Lo says . "  Sometimes , it 's not so much about the money . They just ca n't be bothered . Their attitude is , ` I 'm such a big customer . I ca n't be bothered . Maybe I 'll pay a third now and then another third later ' . " The rise in deadbeat art buyers in the region comes in tandem with Asia 's growing importance in the global art market . "  Up until 2008 , Asia was 2 % to 4 % of group sales , " says Francois Curiel , president of Christie 's Asia . "  Today , 25 % of our buyers come from this region . " "  Mainland buyers not paying seems to be a phenomenon that 's increasingly prevalent , " says fine art consultant Jonathan Crockett , based in Hong Kong . "  They always have the money but they do n't necessarily want to spend it . Yet , they still want the art . They want the best of both worlds . " Crockett 's worst experience was overseeing a transaction in which the buyer took two years to pay up . Sotheby 's has been bitten hard in the past and now takes a very aggressive stance against deadbeat auction winners . Sotheby 's Asia has filed 13 lawsuits since 2007 with five cases still unresolved . "  Our lawsuits do not mean that we are experiencing more defaults than other auction houses . It just means that we take our obligations to our consignors seriously and are willing to take this step when necessary to protect them , " Kevin Ching , CEO of Sotheby 's Asia , wrote in an email to CNN . Sotheby 's recently sued two mainland buyers , Ma Dong and Ren Chunxia , because they had n't paid for winning bids that totaled $ 15 million . Sotheby 's confirms Ren has since settled her payment while the case against Ma is still winding its way through Hong Kong 's High Court . While mainland buyers get most of the bad rap , industry insiders say the problem also exists among buyers from other emerging markets like Indonesia and Malaysia . Christie 's Asia says the problem is not a major issue for the auction house today but it was a problem back in 2010 . "  I always wondered why someone would come to an auction , raise their hand and bid , and decide not to pay afterward , " says Curiel . "  I thought it was something new for some customers -- like going to a gallery , deciding to buy and the next day changing their mind . I suppose it was because some collectors were new to the auction game and were not familiar with it . " As a safeguard , major auction houses often require significant deposits before the bidding takes place . Last October , Sotheby 's introduced an across-the-board deposit policy in which prospective bidders must put down a minimum deposit of HK $ 200,000  US$ 25,800  . At Christie 's Asia "  we ask you to pay a 20 % deposit on what we think you 're going to buy ... If you win the bid , that 20 % goes toward the sale , " says Curiel . "  If not , we return the money to you the day after the auction . " Before an auction , both Sotheby 's and Christie 's ask for bank references from bidders or talk to major dealers to find out if the bidder has a good track record . Still , buyer and seller beware . "  The risk is inherent . Art is generally not the most liquid of assets . It 's probably one of the most illiquid in terms of worth . So people trying to put off payment is just part of that , " cautions Crockett . Lo explains why the risk may be worth taking at auction , compared to buying art through a gallery or middleman . "  Chances are you are still getting the best price at auction , " he says . "  The risk is higher and there 's more concern about getting payment , but it 's the risk the seller has to take . "	As art sales in China grow , so are the difficulties receiving payment for auction buys Rise in art sales defaults comes in tandem with Asia 's growing impact on the global art market Sotheby 's recently introduced a policy where all bidders must pay a minimum deposit "  Up until 2008 , Asia was 2-4 % of group sales . Today , 25 % of our buyers come from  Asia  "
CNN  -- Mario Balotelli 's knack of attracting the wrong type of headlines shows no sign of abating with the Italian international facing a possible English Football Association charge for racially stereotyping Jewish and black people in a social media post . The FA is looking into Balotelli 's reposting of a Nintendo character Super Mario image that underneath had the words "  jumps like a black man and grabs coins like a jew . " Balotelli quickly deleted the Instagram image , before tweeting : "  My Mom is jewish so all of u shut up please , " a reference to his foster mother , Silvia . He apologized Tuesday on Twitter explaining the post "  was meant to be anti-racist with humor . " He added : "  I now understand that out of context may have the opposite effect . Not all Mexicans have mustaches , not all black people jump high and not all Jewish people love money . "  I used a cartoon done by someone else because it has Super Mario and I thought it was funny and not offensive . Again , I 'm sorry . " Liverpool said they plan to speak to Balotelli , who has missed the club 's last three games due to a groin injury he picked up on international duty in November . "  We are aware of the posting which has since been promptly deleted by the player , " said Liverpool in a statement . However , former FA executive Simon Johnson called on the FA to punish the 24-year-old Balotelli . "  We abhor all forms of racism , wherever it is found , " Johnson , who is the current chief executive of the Jewish Leadership Council , told the Daily Telegraph . "  We call upon the FA to investigate this offensive social media post and to take action if appropriate if we are to succeed in kicking racism out of football . " Playing iIn Italy , Balotelli frequently faced racist abuse in stadiums , while in September Merseyside police investigated racist remarks on Twitter made to Balotelli after he posted a message during Manchester United 's 5-3 defeat against Leicester City . Balotelli has yet to score a Premier League goal since joining Liverpool from AC Milan in the summer transfer window , though he did find the net against Ludogorets in the Champions League as well as against Swansea in the English League Cup . The minimum ban for race-related rule breaches is five games under the FA 's social media guidelines .	Mario Balotelli under scrutiny for racially stereotyping Jewish and black people Italian international issues apology on Twitter for reposting Instagram image English Football Association looking into the post Jewish Leadership Council chief executive labels post ` offensive '
Washington  CNN  -- All Cedric wanted was lunch . A 14-year old student in a special education classroom in Texas , Cedric was living with a foster family because of a history of neglect , including malnutrition . But on this day in 2002 , his teacher tried to punish him by withholding food , despite the abuse he had suffered as a young child . Cedric 's teacher delayed his lunch for hours to discipline him for refusing to do his work . When he would n't comply , his teacher put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates . Cedric said repeatedly that he could not breathe . He died minutes later on the classroom floor . Cedric 's tragic story is n't an isolated case in America 's schools today . According to the U.S. Government Accountability Office , over the last 20 years there have been hundreds of allegations of school personnel using restraint and seclusion in abusive ways on children . It 's happening disproportionately to students with disabilities , often at the hands of untrained staff . Many of these students bear haunting physical and emotional scars . And in a number of cases , students have died . It 's difficult to believe , but there are no federal laws to prevent this from happening . Local newspapers recount bone-chilling stories of schoolchildren tied to chairs , or with their mouths taped shut , sometimes locked in dark closets , or pinned to the floor for hours at a time . If parents treat their kids this way , it 's considered a criminal offense . But unlike in hospitals and other institutions that receive federal taxpayer funding , there are no federal protections against these abusive practices when they happen in schools . The Children 's Health Act of 2000 regulates how and when restraint and seclusion can be used in medical settings and community facilities . But classrooms , where students spend the majority of their day , are exempt . In the absence of a federal standard , state protections for kids are all over the map . Many states have no regulations whatsoever . Children are left vulnerable and staff untrained . Restraint and seclusion techniques should be used only as a last resort , when someone is in imminent danger of physical injury and there are no alternatives . Without proper training , staff can be hurt and students , especially small children , are at risk . Yet the GAO and news reports confirm that these practices are used frequently , often as discipline , when students are n't physically aggressive . While there is no centralized reporting , data from the few states that do track incidents paints a troubling picture . In the 2007-2008 school year in California alone , the GAO reports , there were more than 14,300 cases of restraint , seclusion and other "  emergency interventions . " We do n't know how many of these merited real emergencies . In one California case , Paige , a young girl with Asperger 's syndrome , was restrained in class because she was wiggling her loose tooth . Her mother , who had never consented to physical interventions , had no idea restraint was regularly imposed until her daughter came home with bruises . As parents , when we send our children to school , we expect they will be safe from danger . And when the very people we entrust with our children 's well-being inflict this type of abuse , it 's not just the victims and their families who suffer . It hurts their classmates , who witness these terrifying events . It undermines the vast majority of teachers and staff who are trying to give students a quality education . It 's a nightmare for everyone involved . The easy answer here would be to blame teachers . But it would be the wrong one . Ultimately , the root of this problem has been our system-wide failure to provide direction and enforcement . As long as school systems continue to lack the tools they need to create good policies and properly train staff , these incidents will continue . The solution is a balanced approach to make classrooms safe for students and teachers . With that goal in mind , on Wednesday we are introducing legislation to finally ensure that schools in every state have the resources they need to prevent inappropriate restraint and seclusion . Our bill would set minimum safety standards in schools , similar to the protections children already receive in other institutions , so that states can ensure appropriate school district policies . It would limit physical restraints or locked seclusion to situations involving imminent danger , and require staff to be trained in administering these practices . It would outlaw mechanical restraints , such as strapping kids to chairs , and prohibit restraints that restrict breathing . It will increase transparency and oversight , so we will finally know just how widespread these practices are , and provide the Secretary of Education with tools to enforce the law . And it would give schools the support they need to equip their staff to handle difficult situations in the most positive manner possible . In a time of deep partisan divide , some may wonder what prompted strange bedfellows -- a member of Democratic leadership and a member of Republican leadership -- to team up . It 's as simple as this : Schools are places for our children to learn , grow , and thrive . As a nation we must do better . It 's time to ensure that no child in this country suffers the same fate as Cedric . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of U.S. Reps. George Miller and Cathy McMorris Rodgers .	Reps. Miller and McMorris Rodgers say kids sometimes restrained abusively in schools No federal laws prevent this , they say , and it happens disproportionately to special ed kids They say students , teachers , classmates are all harmed by abuse , with lasting effects Miller , McMorris Rodgers : New law would train teachers , limit restraint , provide oversight
CNN Student News  -- September 9 , 2011 Download PDF map related to today 's show : • New York City ; Shanksville , Pennsylvania ; Arlington , Virginia Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- An alleged letter from President Barack Obama to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has prompted consternation not just in Washington , but also Tel Aviv and Riyadh . According to the Wall Street Journal , Obama pointed out some common American and Iranian interests in defeating the extremist ISIS -- which calls itself the Islamic State -- and reportedly also suggested that a nuclear accord between Iran and the P5 +1  United States , United Kingdom , France , Russia , China and Germany  could result in cooperation on regional issues between Washington and Tehran . But the move has , according to one Republican source quoted by CNN , sent "  shock waves " through Washington . Why ? The alleged letter comes despite a consistent message from the White House and America 's top nuclear negotiators that nuclear talks would not be linked to larger regional issues on which Iran may possess greater leverage . And while it is not surprising the letter has upset domestic critics of the negotiations , the alleged correspondence has also unsettled Israel and Saudi Arabia , which fear a "  bad " deal with Iran and even secret collusion between Washington and Tehran . But such concerns seem unfounded . For a start , Washington has plenty of leverage to negotiate a good deal with Iran that constrains its nuclear program . Just as important , though , is that the United States has an opportunity not only to resolve the nuclear issue , but also to defuse tensions with Iran while maintaining America 's bonds with its traditional partners . The reality is that the nuclear negotiations between Iran and the United States are not the result of a newfound friendship . Instead , the international sanctions regime against Iran has given it an incentive to compromise on its nuclear program . And although the election of Hassan Rouhani as president has also helped , it 's not clear that Rouhani 's presidency without sanctions pressure would have gotten the negotiations as far as they have come . Of course , even after a deal , Washington and Tehran will face real differences over their respective policies in the Middle East ; a return of the kind of U.S.-Iran alliance that was seen under the former Shah is highly unlikely . Yet the United States does n't have to like or agree with the Iranian regime 's policies in order to have some sort of relationship with it . After all , despite increasing tensions on a range of issues , Washington still maintains diplomatic ties to Moscow and Beijing . And while Iran is not a great power , it does play a major role in nearly all the conflicts roiling the Middle East , contributing to instability in the region . So , can the United States provide enough inducements for Iran to change its ways in the region ? Perhaps . Although Iran has given the world plenty of reason to believe that it will simply go about its business as usual after a possible nuclear deal , it seems more likely that the combination of a deal , Rouhani 's presidency , and public demand in Iran for real change would offer Washington an opportunity to exact real changes from the regime . Such optimism might not be shared by Iran 's regional neighbors -- especially Israel and Saudi Arabia . Israeli officials especially these days tend to portray the Iranian regime in the starkest terms possible . But both countries will sooner or later have to accept that Iran as a country is not going to go anywhere , and so crafting policies that encourage its evolution into a more open , tolerant and cooperative country is in the long-term interests not just of the United States , but the Middle East as well . True , there are no guarantees that such an Iran will ever emerge . The government exercises tight control over the country , and in many ways Rouhani , while more pragmatic than other clerics , is still not as open and reform-minded as the West would like . Yet anyone who visits Iran these days will surely see a country that is very different from the images that have been etched into the American psyche . Scenes like the burning of U.S. flags do occur . But Iran is much bigger and more complex than the black-and-white presentations of it by much of the media . CNN host Anthony Bourdain 's recent culinary trip in "  Parts Unknown " was a great example of this . Communicating with one 's adversaries is n't a sign of weakness ; in order to compel certain behavior , one has to communicate what that desired behavior is . But even if Iran does not accept a compromise by the November 24 deadline for the talks , America will still have greater leverage over Tehran than it has ever had , and will be able to portray Iran as the intransigent party to the international community . All this suggests that the United States has a real opportunity not only to put the brakes on Iran 's nuclear pursuits , but also to bolster larger American goals . And the problem lies not in Obama 's letter to Khamenei , but the fearful reaction it has produced ; it is time to take a deep breath and consider the success that has been achieved so far in bringing Iran to the table on the nuclear issue . Khamenei might claim the letter is a sign of strength to his followers . But in reality he has been pushed into a corner .	Alleged Obama letter to Iran 's Supreme Leader sparks controversy Critics of correspondence missing the point , Alireza Nader says U.S. has chance to leverage pressure on Iran , Nader says
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- A Malaysian court Monday found opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim not guilty of sodomizing a former male political aide , bringing an end to a politically charged trial and shaking up expectations for elections this year . Anwar 's supporters erupted into cheers in the court room as the judge announced the verdict , as his wife and six children tearfully hugged one another other . "  Justice has been done , " Anwar said as he left the court building , walking into a crowd of camera-wielding journalists and supporters . "  I feel I have been vindicated . " He said the ruling had reinvigorated the opposition 's efforts to mount a strong challenge to the current Malaysian government in the elections . Anwar repeatedly said he was innocent , saying the trial was an attempt by the government to end his political career -- an assertion it has consistently denied . He had expressed doubt that he would receive a fair trial . "  Malaysia has an independent judiciary and this verdict proves that the government does not hold sway over judges ' decisions , " said Rais Yatim , the information minister . Investigators arrested Anwar in July 2008 -- four months after a loose coalition of opposition parties that he led won 82 of 222 parliamentary seats in elections . It was the second time in the country 's history that the ruling party had failed to gain the two-thirds majority needed to amend the constitution . With the government expected to call elections in the coming months , Anwar said he was ready to start campaigning again . "  We 're working and I 'm very optimistic , " he said , reiterating his view that Malaysia is in need of political reform . "  The system is still blatantly authoritarian , " he said . Thousands of supporters gathered outside the court building Monday ahead of the announcement of the verdict . They started arriving in a nearby parking lot before sunrise , accompanied by a heavy police presence . Adding to the tense atmosphere , three small explosions went off in the vicinity of the court complex after the verdict , a police spokesman said , adding that the cause was still being investigated . Two people suffered minor injuries and were taken to hospital , the spokesman said . Anwar had been on trial for nearly two years in the Kuala Lumpur High Court on allegations that he sodomized the former aide , Saiful Bukhari Azlan , in June 2008 . Sodomy , even if consensual , is an offense punishable by up to 20 years of prison in Malaysia . In delivering the decision , Justice Mohamad Zabidin Diah said it was not safe to rely on DNA evidence that had been cited in the trial -- semen taken from the aide 's body that the prosecutor alleged was Anwar 's -- since it could have been contaminated . The court was not willing to give a guilty verdict based on uncorroborated evidence , the judge said . Before the verdict , Anwar and his supporters had been pessimistic about how the trial would turn out . Before the decision was announced , he said he had already got his belongings together in anticipation of a prison sentence . The trial that ended Monday was the second time he faced sodomy charges . He was the heir apparent to former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad until 1998 , when he was sacked and charged with corruption and sodomy . Anwar spent six years in prison after being convicted on corruption charges in 1999 and on sodomy charges involving his wife 's former driver in 2000 . Malaysia 's highest court overturned the sodomy conviction and ordered him released from prison in 2004 . However , the corruption verdict was never lifted , barring him from running for political posts until 2008 .	NEW : Anwar Ibrahim says he is ` very optimistic ' about the opposition 's election hopes NEW : The government says the verdict shows the judiciary is independent NEW : Three small explosions go off near the court buildings after the ruling NEW : Two people suffer minor injuries and are taken to a hospital
CNN  -- Prince William and Kate Middleton have never been the stay-at-home types . A traveler could plan a royal  and royally expensive  getaway just following in their footsteps . The couple has journeyed to some of the world 's most luxurious spots . Here are five places to catch the flavor of a royal vacation . Desroches Island , Seychelles Kate and William rekindled their romance here with a getaway in 2007 . The private , three-mile-long Indian Ocean coral atoll is surrounded by clear turquoise water , and is reached by private plane . The five-bedroom Presidential Villa would seem perfect for the honeymooners , but others can book a beachfront suite for a mere $ 1,000 per person per night . http://www.desroches-island.com/ Lewa Safari Camp , Kenya What better place to soak up royal romance than the spot where Wills finally popped the question ? The 65,000-acre conservancy is home to the world 's largest population of the endangered Grevy 's zebra . But do n't think the royal couple was roughing it . Camp "  tents " have thatched roofs , verandas and bathrooms , and are arrayed around a central lounge with swimming pool . There 's also a masseuse to work out those post-safari knots . All-inclusive nightly rates begin at $ 320 . http://www.lewasafaricamp.com/ Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge , Canada The royal couple 's first official trip will be to Canada , but it wo n't be all business . It 's believed the active pair will end their trip in Alberta 's Rocky Mountains , following in the steps of William 's grandmother , great aunt and great grandmother , all of whom have stayed at the Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge 's six-bedroom Outlook cabin -- the so-called Royal Retreat .  Cost from $ 2,600 to $ 6,200 per night .  The rest of us can at least enjoy the resort 's view over Lac Beauvert . Mustique , West Indies William 's bride seems to be a beach girl at heart , and this 1,400-acre private island has been her getaway of choice in recent years . Visitors wo n't be checking into a Holiday Inn , though . Rental villas fill nearly the entire island . For a touch of royalty , kick-back in five-bedroom Les Jolies Eaux , which once belonged to Princess Margaret . Weekly rentals run from $ 18,000 to $ 28,000 . Duchy of Cornwall , England Kate and her family spent Christmas 2009 at her future father-in-law 's place , the 133,000-acre Duchy of Cornwall . The Middletons stayed in the recently updated , 500-year-old Restormel Manor , which sleeps 18 and has a tennis court and heated swimming pool . Rates run from $ 1,625 to $ 5,700 per night , and you will be doing your part to finance the royal wedding : The Duchy helps support the Prince of Wales and his family .	You can visit the same places where British royalty has traveled A Canadian cottage has at times hosted the Queen , her sister and her mother It 's possible to rent the manor home where Kate Middleton celebrated Christmas
New York  CNN  -- Some chose coffee , others started the day with a Irish stout , but all were in full cheer Wednesday morning as fans watched the United States team score a last-minutes goal to defeat Algeria 1-0 in World Cup competition . "  They had so many chances . I 'm just glad they finally pulled it out , " one relieved fan said when the game ended . "  I was so hyperventilating , " a woman who identified herself only as Sheryl said , wearing a U.S.A. outfit . Her husband , John , had given up . "  I thought it was going to wind up a tie . And from the 90th minute on I was , like , it 's gon na be over , it 's gon na be over . And somebody scored , I almost died . Unbelievable . The place went nuts , " John said . Tension grew as the game went into stoppage time 0-0 . Fans watched the overhead screens nervously , fearing that once again the U.S. would disappoint in the World Cup . But in the 91st minute , Landon Donovan knocked in a deflected ball . In open-early-morning bars , cheering evolved into pandemonium , and chants of "  Landon Donovan " filled the room . Earlier near-misses were immediately forgotten . As patrons filed out of one bar , the crowd took a more musical tone as they broke into a rendition of "  America the Beautiful . " One enterprising man sold USA jerseys out of a suitcase in front of that bar . As soon as as Donovan scored , he hiked his prices from $ 5 to $ 15 . "  Bring on the Germans , " one fan said . "  If you want to be the best , you have to beat the best . Germany : we want you ! " But with the United States topping its group , it will face Ghana next . The game will be on Saturday at 2 p.m. ET .	Fans tense as game goes into 90th minute 0-0 A minute later , Team USA scores ; pandemonium ensues USA jersey price went up $ 10 when US scored US team faces Ghana on Saturday
The Loi Krathong festival has been celebrated throughout Thailand for centuries , usually to mark the end of the rainy season . Each year , thousands of paper lanterns are released into the night sky to symbolically ward off bad luck , while rivers are covered by floating flower lanterns , adorned with candles and joss sticks , cast into waterways to wish for good luck . With flower and flame , the city of Chiang Mai in particular comes alive during these festive days each November . The event has been transformed over the years from a reverent temple ritual to a rowdy street party that lasts for days . "  The real meaning of the festival is to worship Buddha and the goddess of the river , " says Sarah Wahtong a native of Chiang Mai . But now it 's a magnet for foreign and local tourists with dozens of events and parades taking place throughout the city each day and night . While the carefully crafted floating flower lanterns do n't disrupt the city with anything more than banana leaves and blooms , the flying lanterns have a potentially more hazardous impact . During this year 's festival , like years gone by , dozens of flights from the local airport had to be diverted or canceled the moment thousands of lanterns took to the air . It seems that despite threats of fines and prosecution , Chiang Mai residents and visitors alike chose to respect the ancient traditions rather than modern laws . Legal or not , it did create a dazzling spectacle in the night sky .	Loi Krathong lantern festival has been celebrated in Thailand for centuries Floating flower lanterns and airborne rice-paper lanterns are released by residents and tourists In Chiang Mai , festival has become a street party that lasts for days
CNN  -- The first thing Arsene Wenger may do upon waking these days is pinch himself to check that everything really is as it seems . As if topping the Premier League and progressing in both the Champions League and FA Cup were not enough , the Arsenal manager has now been handed another gift -- a hefty slab of cash . For too many years since he took charge in 1996 , Wenger has been financially handcuffed in the transfer market following the strict spending criteria determined by the Arsenal board . But Monday 's announcement that the Premier League side and the German kit supplier Puma had signed the largest commercial deal in both companies ' history has cast such caution to one side . For the Frenchman can not only invest in the next Mesut Ozil but also shape the Gunners ' future for years to come . Coming into effect on July 1 , the five-year deal with Puma is worth nearly $ 250 million according to media reports . "  The money will begin to flow in  in July  and will be available for us to invest in the team , " Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis told CNN World Sport . The tie-in with Puma ends a 20-year association with rival sportswear company Nike , with Arsenal believing that their new partner can not only give them bespoke attention but also help drive inroads to important "  markets like Asia and the Americas . " As he spoke with a mix of excitement and pride , Gazidis was adamant that Wenger would soon be signing a new contract that would enable him to continue his transformation of Arsenal . "  We have always been committed to Arsene and he 's always been committed to the club , " he said . "  I 'm sure Arsene will commit his future to the club , and we will commit ours to his . That will be done at the right time -- quietly -- and then we will let you guys -LSB- the press -RSB- know . " The coach 's contract is set to expire at the end of the season , but Wenger may well put pen to paper on more than just the deal that will continue his 18-year tenure . "  We will invest in not just big-name signings but also right across the club -- in the youth academy , scouting network , facilities , " Gazidis explained . "  There are a lot of things that go into a football club like this . " Arsenal hopes its relationship with Puma can finally put the Londoners on an equal financial footing with some of Europe 's biggest clubs . Arsenal came eighth in the annual money table of the world 's richest clubs published last week by business firm Deloitte . But the Gunners ' revenue of $ 384 million was dwarfed by that of Real Madrid , who topped the table for a record ninth consecutive year given the Spanish giants ' income of $ 702 million . Despite lying just three places higher in fifth , even French champions PSG boasted a far greater revenue of $ 538 million . Famously without a trophy since 2005 , Arsenal 's fallow period may soon bring forth years of plenty following a phase of reconstruction , albeit one that has not sat too well with the club 's fans . Nonetheless , Gazidis believes the times are certainly changing . "  The football landscape has changed dramatically over the last decade and Arsenal has made some difficult decisions along the way to put ourselves in a position to compete in the longer term , " he added . "  I do think we are now progressing as a football club , making some big steps forward -- both on and off the pitch -- and the off-the-pitch stuff is important to drive what we do on the pitch . "  As we look forward over the next five years , we are very excited about the future of the football club . " Less than eighteen months ago , there were widespread claims that Arsenal -- the longest serving member of England 's top flight and a 13-time champion to boot -- had been reduced to a selling club . The clamor of dissent was impossible to ignore in August 2012 as star striker Robin van Persie joined Manchester United , a controversial sale that followed on from those of leading assets Cesc Fabregas and Samir Nasri among others a year earlier . Fast forward to September 2013 and Arsenal made its greatest statement of intent in over a decade as Ozil was signed from Real Madrid , his transfer fee of $ 66 million eclipsing the Gunners ' previous record outlay by more than $ 40 million . "  Our goal has been clear -- which is to be one of the leading football clubs in the world -- and we 're driving towards that , " said Gazidis . "  We want to be able to compete with the very best in the game . "  The move to the -LSB- Emirates Stadium in 2006 -RSB- was a critical part of our long term plan but the new commercial partnerships that we are entering into are just as critical . " Meanwhile , Puma now add Arsenal to a portfolio that includes the Italian football federation , Germany 's 2013 Champions League runners-up Borussia Dortmund and Jamaican sprint king Usain Bolt .	Arsenal and Puma announce biggest commercial deal in companies ' history Arsenal chief executive hugely confident on new deal for coach Arsene Wenger Ivan Gazidis says Puma deal will aid transfers and help club compete with Europe 's best
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Vimlendu Jha is the founder and head of Swechha -- We For Change Foundation which is based in India 's capital , New Delhi . "  For the rest of the world India is powerful , but for many residing in the countryside , India is still disempowered , hungry and naked . " Swechha started out as an organization to combat the pollution of the city 's main waterway , the river Yamuna . Today it deals with the environmental issues that affect several aspects of Delhi . Vimlendu leads volunteers and local children to key sites around the city to tackle the ecological problems , as well as to raise awareness of the issues . Follow his efforts in his blogs and video diaries . October 18 , 2007 We traveled , along with 100-odd kids from one of New Delhi 's most progressive schools , The Shri Ram School , to the rural part of our country , to Kempty Village in Uttaranchal . The purpose of the visit was to expose these young minds  ages 15-17  to the existence of another India . Most of us have an illusion of India becoming a powerful nation and it is on a phenomenal growth trajectory . We are not so much seen as a developing nation but a developed nation . One wonders what actually makes a country developed , when most of the parameters of development are skewed , as is the case of our country . For the rest of the world India is powerful , but for many residing in the countryside , India is still disempowered , hungry and naked . Up to 70 percent of Indians still live in villages . Most of the time these villages are neglected and are centers of poverty . Development around India 's cities has brought a flood of people from the rural areas who come in search of jobs . This population comprises the "  urban poor " which is more vulnerable than the rural poor . Imagine , India still has more than 260 million people  26 percent of the population  living below the poverty line . In the last 10 years , we have had at least 40,000 farmer suicides in the country -- indicative of the growing gap between the poor and the rich . The purpose of this trip was to learn , and unlearn , about village stereotypes or notions we live with . The village in Uttaranchal was n't as extreme an experience as other remote villages of India , but it was indicative of the hardships that people live with . Another reason for the trip was to celebrate the simplicity and generosity of the villagers vis-à-vis we , the insecure urbanites , and also to understand their hardships , due to our over-consumption and false assumption that our wrongdoing does not necessarily influence the rural population -- when we know it does . For many students , it was a first-time , first-hand experience of a village . Some were overwhelmed with the beauty and many were saddened by the villagers ' plight . The outing also gave them an opportunity to contribute in some way . Students worked in the fields , helped the villagers in agricultural work and breathed the clean air . It was a wonderful experience , aimed at understanding the gap between the two exisiting worlds ; to bridge the gap between these two worlds . E-mail to a friend	Vimlendu takes a group of children to see a village in Uttaranchal His aim was to show them the differences between India 's city and village life Many of the children had never been to an Indian village Vimlendu says they were "  saddened by the villagers ' plight "
CNN  -- The world has an insatiable appetite for innovation . To feed this desire for technologic and scientific breakthroughs , nations invest in our celebrated universities . Tax and tuition dollars go to educate students -- the next generation of open-minded thinkers -- but also toward fostering research . After all , academia is the quintessential innovation incubator . Is n't it ? Early in 2012 , the eminent magazine "  Science " invited young scientists worldwide to answer the question : "  How will the practice of science change in your lifetime ? " One particularly pained  and not unrepresentative  reply was : "  The biggest challenge facing a generation of young scientists is breaking free of the shackles placed on them by their predecessors ... We are expected to fix broken peer-review systems riddled with small insular cliques ... We are expected not only to flourish but to be thankful for a funding structure equipped with scarce resources that are primarily used on contract science for the blessed few rather than discovery based on the merits of ideas ... We are expected to rise to this challenge and we 're sure as hell going to give it our all , " said Jeremy Block from Duke University Medical Center , Durham , North Carolina . Consider the following statistics from the U.S. , still representing over 40 % of OECD  the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development , which represents many of the world 's developed countries  R&D . Today , only 3 % of principal investigators on federal grants are aged less than 36 ; in 1980 that was 18 % . Only 14 % of U.S. PhD graduates in biology land an academic position within five years of graduation . Although we know that some of the most novel ideas come from young people , we are not giving our best and brightest their intellectual independence until they are middle aged . Read more : $ 30 gadget lets you control computer with your eyes The problem , I believe , is that science has become unbalanced . What should be the ascendant end of the scale , the joy of producing surprising improvements in health and prosperity , has become outweighed by societal caution . That caution embodies the fear that science might not produce the immediate pay-offs that we expect from our investments . Ironically , our desire for instant success is at odds with the reality of achieving transformational breakthroughs . Short-term expenditures that produce creative evolution are a far cry from the long-term investments that generate technical and scientific revolution . As John Gertner noted in his recent book about the innovation powerhouse Bell Laboratories , "  One type of innovation  e.g. smartphone apps  creates a handful of jobs and modest revenues ; the other  e.g. the transistor  ... creates millions of jobs and a long-lasting platform for societal wealth and well-being . " Caution has led governmental funding to become risk-averse . OECD countries have seen substantial declines in government sponsorship of R&D in the past generation -- down from 44 % in 1981 to 30 % in 2000 . Long shots such as the NASA manned space flight program have been canceled and agencies have limited backing for anything that may slow economic growth , such as environmental and climate research . At a time when governmental support for science in many OECD countries has not kept up with inflation , caution overrides our craving for originality . In today 's funding climate , when 90 % of applications requesting financial support for new ideas from most OECD governmental sources are turned down , peer review committees shift their support to work that is safe and incremental . Caution in the garb of regulation and litigiousness has driven almost all of the recent growth in industry R&D to Southeast Asia . There are many approaches to re-tipping the balance toward creation and away from caution . First and foremost , we must be more willing to take risks . Originality must become as highly valued as linear progression . Our scientific portfolio must contain a higher proportion of reasonable long-shots , even while we acknowledge that these may never pay off . Second , we must invest in promising young people as much or more than we invest in productive projects . Third , funding should be directed to prototyping , meaning high-risk projects that when they fail , fail fast and fail smart  we learn from their failure  . Finally , we must teach young people to be innovative . Most scientists believe that creativity is innate , yet 30 years of research has demonstrated that novel thinking can be taught . In my recent book , "  Innovation Generation , " I describe a systematic approach to learning to think "  outside the box . " A central feature is discovering how to frame shift . Normal thinking is constrained by habitual patterns which linguists call "  frames . " Frames are a structure of expectations that we use to interpret new information . For instance , if while sitting in a lecture hall , the person next to you sneezes then grabs your sleeve and wipes their nose on it , would you be shocked ? Of course you would . The sneezer just disrupted agreed-upon social assumptions -- they broke your frame . Frame shifting , what Albert Einstein referred to when he said , "  No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it , " allows for not just steps but leaps in thinking . Shifts in frames or paradigms led scientists in the 1860s to realize that the bacteria that they had been seeing through microscopes for almost 200 years were pathogens that caused specific diseases . Today , another paradigm shift has led us to realize that the millions of bacteria that inhabit our body cavities are not enemies but allies . A shift in our frame about death from "  terrifying and unspeakable " to "  nothing is sure but death and taxes "  Benjamin Franklin  , for example , might lead us to create bureaucratic systems for ensuring that every American has a living will , an act that would likely reduce the quarter of all Medicare expenditures spent in the last year of life . Academic science remains a driver of societal transformation ; with some frame shifting we could unleash even more global innovation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roberta B. Ness	Invest in promising young people as much as productive projects , says Roberta Ness Ness urges more risk taking and long-term investments which will generate technical and scientific revolutions Number of scientists aged 36 and under receiving U.S. federal grants in 1980 was 18 % ; today the figure is 3 % Many OECD countries turn down majority of applications requesting financial support for new ideas
CNN  -- Niger 's president is standing by his country 's decision to offer amnesty to one of the late Moammar Gadhafi 's sons , saying he is entitled to stay in his nation like other "  Libyan refugees . " President Mahamadou Issoufou addressed reporters Friday , reaffirming his stance on Saadi Gadhafi , whom Libya wants returned home to stand trial . "  The attitude of the Niger government regarding this has already been noted : We have already welcomed Libyan refugees for humanitarian reasons , " Issoufou said . "  Of these , one is a son of  Moammar  Gadhafi -- Saadi Gadhafi . " Interpol has issued arrest warrant -- known as a "  red notice " -- for Saadi Gadhafi , requesting his provisional arrest ahead of his extradition or surrender to an international court . The warrant accuses him of "  misappropriating properties through force and armed intimidation when he headed the Libyan Football Federation . " His lawyer , Nick Kaufman , told CNN earlier this month that his client "  strenuously denies the charges made against him . " Kaufman said he 's asked the Interpol secretary general to revoke the warrant , claiming that it is politically motivated and was sought by a new Libyan leadership that lacks legitimacy . Saadi Gadhafi is in Niger , the landlocked West African nation bordering Libya . His father and three brothers have been killed and one more brother , Saif al-Islam , remains in hiding . His other siblings , meanwhile , escaped to Algeria during the months-long conflict in their native Libya . Saif al-Islam is also wanted by Interpol , as well as the International Criminal Court . As a party to that court , Niger would be obligated to turn Saif al-Islam over should he be detained within its borders .	Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou addresses reporters He says Saadi Gadhafi is welcome in Niger "  for humanitarian reasons " Interpol has issued an arrest for Saadi Gadhafi , who is now in Niger His lawyer has "  strenuously " denied the charges against him
Editor 's note : This report is part of a CNN.com series about storytelling and reporting skills called iReport Boot Camp . In this edition , Jo Parker , CNN.com video producer , shares her tips on writing the perfect headline . Read up , then give her advice a try in this week 's iReport Boot Camp challenge . Would you click on that headline ? When you give your iReport a bland label instead of a vibrant , compelling headline , you might as well slap "  Do n't read this " on the top of your story . You have to give readers a reason to spend their time on your submission . A good headline on the mainpage at CNN.com can be the difference between 200 clicks and 200,000 or more . So what works and what does n't ? Here are some tips for writing that perfect , click-worthy headline : Paint a picture No : Texas playground scare Yes : Playground erupts in flames A playground scare could be a flasher in a trench coat . It could be a splintery teeter-totter . But a playground erupting in flames ? That 's a click magnet . Be specific No : Dog nurses kitten Yes : Rottweiler nurses kitten Before you know the breed , you might be interested . But you might not . Once you know it 's a Rottweiler with a little kitty , you just have to see it . Putting interesting details in headlines is a good way of enticing the reader . Click . But not too specific No : Food shortages in Zimbabwe Yes : Stores ' shelves stripped bare Do n't limit your audience by being hyper-local . Tap into the universal appeal of your subject by avoiding too-specific information . Hook the reader with a memorable detail No : Curb appeal lost on neighbors Yes : 26-toilet mansion planned What makes your iReport a must-watch ? What detail of the story kept you talking ? Tease and tantalize the reader with those catchy specifics . If you can throw in a number , all the better , because that gives an idea of the magnitude of the situation . And people like numbers in general . Use common words No : Unclothed Yes : Naked No : Suds Yes : Beer Using slang will limit your audience . A reader wo n't spend time decoding your cleverness . If they do n't get the headline right away , you will lose their attention . Verbs good ; labels bad No : Mortgage meltdown Yes : 300,000 lose homes to banks The first words of your headline should be compelling to draw interest , but then the verb is a call for readers to take action and watch . Do n't skimp on nice , juicy words and vivid images . It 's the difference between "  Pekin tornado " and "  Tornado deposits car atop house . " Deliver on your promises If your headline is "  Bull leaps into stands , runs amok , " they better be able to see the bull midair , in the ring , and people scattering . Do n't tease to something that is n't there . Wan na see ? Before you start building your story and topping it with a click-worthy headline , check out CNN.com U.S. Editor Audrey Irvine 's tips on story packaging . For more tips on reporting and storytelling , visit the boot camp page . Remember , your story is due Monday at noon ET . Good luck !	CNN 's iReport Boot Camp challenges iReporters to improve storytelling chops CNN.com video producer Jo Parker shares her tips on writing headlines Turn in your final story with three headlines by Monday at noon ET
CNN  -- Away from the manicured glamor of the Croisette , there 's another Cannes -- a Cannes that lies beneath . Beneath the red carpet of the Palais du Festival in the basement , that is . It 's a seething , throbbing film market alive with b-movies -- low-budget features with no big name actors attached -- often horrors , thrillers , erotic movies or "  mockbusters "  more on those later  . THIS IS THE CANNES YOU THINK YOU KNOW ... BUT THAT 'S JUST CANNES FOR THE A-LISTERS -- THIS IS WHAT IT 'S LIKE FOR EVERYONE ELSE ... It 's a galaxy away from the movie screenings of the Official Selection -- the elite group of films chosen by the festival 's selection committee from the thousands submitted each year -- of which just 18 go into competition for the feted top prize , the Palme D'Or . THEY MOSTLY LOOK LIKE THIS ... OR LIKE THIS ... So if you find yourself not among those with Nicole Kidman on speed dial and if your budget is a few zeros short of a few million , then head to the Marche du Film you must , to make or break your fortune . Although it 's in fact one of the biggest film markets in the world , in reality it 's just a sprawling global bazaar , where filmmakers and distributors come and set up stalls and negotiate . But instead of selling electronics or questionably-sourced handbags , they sell movies . Lots and lots of movies . FILMS LIKE THIS ... AND THIS ... In 2013 alone , producers , distributors , financiers , video-on-demand providers and other representatives from more than 1000 companies in 108 countries  including places as far-flung as Albania and French Guiana  came together to haggle over 5,364 films , according to official figures . So , how does an ambitious filmmaker get noticed in this mass of movies ? We asked a couple of Cannes veterans and a young Welsh man who made a splash at Cannes a couple of years ago with a Zombie movie called "  Colin " that he made for $ 70 . STIR UP SOME CONTROVERSY ... Rupesh Paul Productions have announced that they are making a thriller based on the disappearance of Malaysian flight MH370 . The film 's promotional pamphlet says that it "  tells the story of five people who seek revenge for the death of their loved ones . They hijack a plane ... " Paul denies that the timing of the movie could be considered offensive of the families of the 239 men , women and children aboard the airliner that disappeared on March 8 . IF YOU CA N'T MAKE A BLOCKBUSTER , MAKE A MOCKBUSTER ... Paul Bales is a partner at The Asylum , a movie production and distribution company based in Burbank , California . The Asylum is known for producing low-budget movies  around $ 500,000  that riff off big-budget blockbusters and are often released around the same time . On the books this year are "  Sleeping Beauty , " a twist on Angelina Jolie movie "  Maleficent , " and "  Apocalypse Pompeii , " another take on Paul W.S. Anderson 's disaster epic "  Pompeii , " which cost between $ 80 to $ 100 million to make , according to Forbes . "  We would love to be able to take credit for the mockbuster . The practice is called drafting ... it 's been done almost since the industry started . Just like in bike racing , one racer will ride behind a faster racer and they benefit because there is less wind . "  We 've Just been a little more outrageous . Our  movie  titles try to get as close as possible . " AND MAKE SURE YOU HAVE AN AWESOME POSTER ... Make them as outlandish as possible , adds Bales . At Cannes , the trade press pick them up and it 's a great way of getting your name out there if you don ' have a big budget or a high profile cast . GET A LITTLE HELP FROM YOUR FANS ... U.S. indie label Troma are famous for making low-budget satires with a '50s flavor with titles like "  The Toxic Avenger , " "  The Class of Nuke 'Em High . " The movie studio has been running for 40 years and , according to co-founder , Lloyd Kaufman , Troma 's secret weapon is their fans . At Cannes , Troma fans help the company put on the Troma Parade and street theater they 've become famous for , where characters like The Toxic Avenger act out scenes from movies . "  This year , the Toxic Avenger and I have been asked to lead the zombie walk -- there 's a zombie walk  at Cannes  that 's been going on for about 10 years -- we 've been asked to be parade masters . "  That 's how we get attention because we can not afford to take the big billboards . " NOTHING BEATS PERFECT TIMING ... Marc Price did n't expect much when he took "  Colin , " a zombie movie he made with a $ 70 budget , to Cannes in 2008 . It was a movie he was proud of , but he also realized the timing of his no-budget horror happened to catch the zeitgeist at Cannes that year . "  The global economic crisis was at its pinnacle , " said Price . "  So , our story fit very snugly into a success out of that . " The press picked it up and the rest was history : Price says the film picked up limited theatrical release in the UK , Japan , the U.S. and Australia . See more from the Marche du Film : .	Cannes ' film market is one of the world 's biggest and movies of every kind sold there More than 5,000 movies were vying for sales at the market in 2013 So , how do filmmakers get attention ?
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned photos of U.S. soldiers posing with bodies of suspected insurgents as he called Thursday for "  an accelerated and full transition of security responsibilities to Afghan forces . " Karzai , who described the images as "  inhumane and provocative , " said "  the only way to put an end to such painful experiences " was to end the presence of foreign forces in Afghanistan . "  It is such a disgusting act to take photos with body parts and then share it with others , " he added . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has also condemned the photos , reportedly taken in 2010 and published Wednesday by the Los Angeles Times , saying they depict behavior that "  absolutely violates " U.S. regulations and values . A military investigation is under way . The photographs are the latest strain on tense U.S.-Afghan relations following a string of incidents that have plagued the U.S. military in Afghanistan this year . A massacre of villagers in March , allegedly by a U.S. soldier , led Karzai to demand that foreign troops withdraw from Afghan villages and return to their larger bases . In a statement Thursday , the Taliban said what the photos show is typical of what the United States stands for . "  In the last 11 years since the Americans invaded Afghanistan , they have repeatedly done inhumane things which are not acceptable to anyone in the world , " the Taliban said . The images ' publication has not sparked the kind of public anger seen in Afghanistan after ISAF personnel at Bagram Air Base improperly disposed of Islamic religious materials , including Qurans , by burning them in what U.S. officials described as an unintentional error . That incident prompted deadly riots and fatal attacks on U.S. troops . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Wednesday the images "  do n't in anyway represent the principles and values that are the basis for our mission in Afghanistan . " He added that he considers the photos "  an isolated event . " The two photos published by the paper are among 18 provided by a U.S. soldier who wanted "  to draw attention to the safety risk of a breakdown in leadership and discipline , " the Los Angeles Times reported . One shows a member of the U.S. military in front of what appears to be the body of an insurgent . The photo shows the insurgent 's head , with his eyes open and what may be his hand on the American soldier 's shoulder . Another soldier appears to be looking down at the body , reaching his hand into the blanket covering it . The second photo shows a group of people , including some American soldiers , standing with what appear to be legs from a corpse . One U.S. soldier is smiling and giving a double thumbs-up , and another is also smiling at the camera . There appear to be Afghan police in that photo as well . CNN has not authenticated the images . National security and military experts warned on CNN Wednesday that the photos ' release could only add to the difficulty and danger of the international mission in Afghanistan . "  It 's incidents like these which are dividing American troops from the Afghans . I just do n't see it getting better , " said Robert Baer , a former CIA agent who spent most of his career in the Middle East . James "  Spider " Marks , a retired U.S. Army general who now works as a consultant in Washington , said the controversy was "  very damaging to all the U.S. efforts , specifically the U.S. effort to assure it stays in harness with the Afghan government and the Afghan security forces " as they move forward in their mission . And Retired Gen. Wesley Clark , a former NATO supreme allied commander , said the photos do n't represent "  the standards or the training or the values of the United States armed forces " but will add to the sense of loss and hatred built up in Afghanistan during long decades of conflict . The images ' release is the latest in U.S. military setbacks this year in Afghanistan . In January , a video posted on a website showed four U.S. Marines urinating on enemy corpses . In the March attack , Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales allegedly left a remote outpost in Kandahar province 's Panjwai district and went house to house , gunning down villagers . He has been charged with 17 counts of murder in the shooting rampage . The attack intensified a debate about whether to pull American troops ahead of their planned 2014 withdrawal . CNN 's Nic Paton Walsh , Ashley Fantz and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	President Hamid Karzai : "  It is such a disgusting act to take photos with body parts " Afghan president calls for an accelerated transition of security duties to Afghan forces Photos show U.S. soldiers posing with the bodies of suspected Afghan insurgents The U.S. military is investigating the incident
CNN  -- Watch out ! Lock up your loved ones ! Another bloated , over-produced , high-concept monstrosity has escaped from the labs at Dreamworks Animation , and it 's out to devour your kids . Susan , aka "  Ginormica , " has to save the world in "  Monsters vs. Aliens . " But do n't be too alarmed . "  Monsters vs. Aliens " is relatively harmless -- a toothless satire with a knee-jerk feminist theme and a sorry excuse for a plot . That sounds harsh , I know . Who does n't want to see a 50-foot woman careening through San Francisco on skates that turn out to be automobiles -- the ultimate demolition roller derby ? But think about that , just for a second . Roller skates work because they have fixed wheels . Try it with motorcars and you wo n't get very far . Is that too picky ? Perhaps , but you would n't find Pixar playing so fast and loose with the laws of physics , and that kind of inattention to detail is typical of the lackadaisical storytelling here and in other Dreamworks animated features .  The talent pool for this one includes the directors of "  Shrek 2 " and "  Shark Tale " and the writers of "  Kung Fu Panda " and "  The Rocker , " incidentally .  High concepts , top-notch voice talent and scattershot pop cultural references are no compensation for a coherent script . The XXXL lady in question -- dubbed "  Ginormica " by her U.S. military guards -- starts out plain and petite Susan Murphy  voiced by Reese Witherspoon  , until a meteorite hits her just minutes before she 's supposed to tie the knot with unctuous chauvinist Derek  Paul Rudd  . Her rapid growth spurt saves her from that particular fate worse than death , even if at first glance her new roommates do n't look like much of an improvement . There 's Dr. Cockroach  Hugh Laurie  , a mad scientist who semi-advertently mutated with a bug ; B.O.B.  Seth Rogen  an amorphous blue jelly-like blob who gets on just fine without a brain ; Missing Link  Will Arnett  , a gung-ho amphibian who 's all mouth ; and a giant dust mite called Insectosaurus who is n't voiced by anyone because he does n't have anything to say . Sci-fi fans will have fun counting off the references to myriad classics -- "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind , " "  Invaders from Mars , " "  The Fly , " "  The Creature from the Black Lagoon , " "  The Blob , " "  Mothra " and "  Attack of the 50-Foot Woman , " for starters -- and noting a few clever bits and pieces  Kiefer Sutherland , as General W.R. Monger , riffs on George C. Scott in "  Dr. Strangelove "  . The trouble is , once the introductions are over , the filmmakers can only launch their desperately limp plot : The White House turns to these monstrous superheroes to save the planet from evil Gallaxhar  Rainn Wilson  , a squidlike creature with four eyes and twice as many legs , and a one-eyed tin robot to do his dirty work for him . Ginormica gets a kick-butt finale , and is a much stronger character -- in any number of ways -- than the movie 's president .  In a genuinely witty casting touch he 's voiced by Stephen Colbert . That may be good politics or at least a sound marketing decision from the studio 's perspective -- it 's been awhile since a family animated feature produced a genuinely strong female character  unless you count "  Coraline , " which was way too scary for my family  -- but Susan 's self-esteem is an awfully long time coming . iReport.com : What do you think of ` Monsters vs. Aliens ' ? Bizarrely -- and maybe it 's just my imagination -- Gallaxhar bears a passing resemblance to President Obama . I wonder ... would that make Susan/Ginormica a surrogate for Sarah Palin or Hillary Clinton ? Visually , too , "  Monsters vs Aliens " is undistinguished , although its shortcomings may be disguised if you seek out the 3-D version . Funny how 3-D movies tend to produce two-dimensional characters , with "  Coraline " again the exception to the rule . Jocular and unpretentiously trashy , "  Monsters vs. Aliens " should be a lot of fun -- and it is , in places . But the truth is it 's as hung up on itself as Susan 's preening fiance . Hand on heart , I had a better time at "  Space Chimps . " "  Monsters vs. Aliens " runs 94 minutes and is rated PG . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  Monsters vs. Aliens " about Earth-born "  monsters " taking on megalomaniacal alien Film 's main character is almost 50-foot woman voiced by Reese Witherspoon "  Monsters " has great talent but no script to speak of , says Tom Charity
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Famed for keeping people slim , healthy and living longer , the Mediterranean diet has followers all over the world . Cultural treat ? Moves are underway to get the Mediterranean diet on UNESCO 's world heritage list . However , the diet is being increasingly shunned by people who live in the Med as the convenience of fast food gains popularity . The renowned low-fat , high-fiber diet has "  decayed into a moribund state " in its traditional regions , according to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  . So sharp is the decline that governments from the region are scrambling to protect their traditional fare from becoming an "  endangered " species . Populations surrounding the Mediterranean Sea , such as Greece , Spain and Italy , tend to eat these foods , and governments there have joined forces to apply for their diet to be placed on the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization 's  UNESCO  Heritage list . Those lobbying for UNESCO protection have argued that its inclusion would " fend off the watered-down clones assailing its integrity worldwide in this age of killer fast food . " The UNESCO list is famous for including historic and cultural sites but in recent years the UN body has opened its register to include " intangible heritage , " such as endangered languages or vanishing traditions . "  The Mediterranean diet is a heritage that should be protected and shared , " Paolo de Castro , a former Italian Agriculture minister , said earlier this year . "  Science has long recognized the unusual health properties of the diet , which has strengthened and accompanied the common cultural identity of Mediterranean countries , " he said , according to Italian news agency ANSA . "  The diet is an integral part of the historical and cultural identity of the Mediterranean , and an opportunity for growth for the countries in the area . " Originally considered the diet of the poor , who did n't have much money to buy meat , the "  Mediterranean diet " is rich in fruits , vegetables , nuts , cereals , whole grains , fish and olive oil . Numerous studies have associated it with long life-spans and low rates of cancer , heart disease and other ailments . See a comparison of the old and new diets in Mediterranean countries " However , some fear that it has become supplanted by supermarket ready-made foods and fast food as people have become more cash-rich and time-poor . "  The European diet has become too fat , too salty and too sweet , " senior FAO economist Josef Schmidhuber concluded in the group 's report on the European Union diet . The FAO 's 2008 report ranks Spain as the country with the biggest leap in fat consumption in Europe -- from 25 percent of the diet 40 years ago to 40 percent now . EU and Mediterranean countries with the worst dietary changes are Greece , Italy , Spain , Portugal , Cyprus and Malta , where calorie intake has increased by 30 percent in the last few decades . Three-quarters of the population of Greece is overweight or obese , while in Spain and Italy the number is more than 50 percent . In the U.S. , 66 percent of the population fits into this category . Alarmed by the growing health problems associated with obesity , Spain 's Health Ministry has launched a series of initiatives to combat obesity . In 2007 , it ordered fast-food chain Burger King to remove ads for its Big King XXL , which contains 1,000 calories , and which were aimed at teenagers and young people . A 2001 report by Foodservice Intelligence , a London-based market research firm , found that traditional-style restaurants in Italy and Spain were outnumbered two-to-one by their fast-food counterparts . UNESCO will decide whether to include the Mediterranean diet in its Heritage list late next year . Until then , Spain and other countries in the region undoubtedly will hope they can retain their reputation as a rewarding destination for the gourmet traveler .	Mediterranean diet has declined into a "  moribund state " according to the U.N. Fat consumption has increased markedly in Mediterranean countries Italy , Spain , Greece and Morocco want Med diet to gain UNESCO status
CNN Student News  -- September 18 , 2013 As the investigation into Monday 's shooting at the Washington Navy Yard moves forward , Americans pause to remember the victims of the attack . CNN Student News reports on the latest developments , and then we head to Italy to witness the largest salvage operation of its kind . We also examine the threat of so-called "  superbugs , " and we meet a young artist who uses her talent to help others . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might people who 've survived a natural disaster want to talk to the news media ? What considerations should journalists take into account when interviewing survivors of natural disasters ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . moment of silence 2 . parbuckling 3 . antibiotic resistance Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . How are people honoring the victims of the Washington Navy Yard shooting ? 2 . Describe the process being used to salvage the Costa Concordia cruise ship . 3 . What two state flags did a young artist incorporate into her painting about "  Superstorm " Sandy ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How might a young person have a different perspective on a natural disaster than his or her parents ? How might their priorities be different when recovering ? What do you think would be most helpful for the people who experienced flooding in Colorado ? 2 . Why do you think the CDC is concerned about "  superbugs " ? What actions , if any , might the medical community take in response to the CDC 's concerns over these bacteria ? How large a role do you think individuals have in preventing the spread of infection ? 3 . What were your impressions of the paintings created by the young artist seen in the program ? Do you think the public reacts differently when young people make successful contributions to their community ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , D.C. ; Colorado Europe Italy FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- The English Premier League  EPL  have confirmed they will vehemently oppose a new move by a supporters ' association to bring back standing at football matches . Following the 1989 Hillsborough disaster , when 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death on terracing , it was made law in England for all top-flight stadiums to be made all-seater -- although terraces are still common place in the lower divisions . However , many supporters believe that the banning of standing up at football grounds has resulted in the atmosphere becoming diluted -- prompting the 180,000-member Football Supporters ' Federation  FSF  to launch an online petition calling for the return of standing areas in the top division . Speaking to the official English Premier League website , EPL spokesman Dan Johnson said : "  Our view is that the benefits of all-seater stadia far outweigh the return of standing areas . "  They have led to more women and children attending the games and , no matter how safe standiing can be made , seating is always safer . We will not be encouraging the Government to change the law , " he added . The FSF held a meeting on Monday with representatives from the police , the Government and footballing authorities , with their chairman Malcolm Clarke arguing that many fans still stand up despite having a seat . However , British Sport 's Minister Hugh Robertson told the meeting : "  Should we return to terracing , then the first time there is any significant crowd trouble , or an accident , the minister 's head would be on a spike at Tower Bridge before he could draft a resignation letter ! " The FSF has cited the German Bundesliga , where terraces are widespread , resulting in packed stadia and cheaper tickets , as a good example of how standing can be safer at matches . Standing is also still very much evident in Argentina and Brazil , where the most fervent supporters adorn their own respective terraces in club colours , making for a noisy , passionate , and at times , intimidating atmosphere .	The English Premier League oppose a petition to bring back standing at matches The Football Supporters ' Federation want to see terracing return to top flight games The 1989 Hillsborough disaster resulted in all-seater stadia being made compulsory
CNN  -- Most Pakistanis told pollsters they disapproved of the U.S. military operation that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and the direction their country was headed , according to a poll released Tuesday by the Pew Research Center . In all , nearly two-thirds  63 %  expressed disapproval of the raid , while only 10 % said they approved of it . In addition , about half of Pakistanis  51 %  said they think the May 2 raid on bin Laden 's home in Abbottabad will adversely affect their country 's relations with the United States . Just 4 % said they think relations will improve . Nevertheless , most Pakistanis said they would like to see a strong relationship between the countries . But a survey taken just after the raid found no material change in Pakistanis ' views of the United States when compared with results from a survey taken before the raid . Only 12 % of respondents said they had a positive view of the United States and 8 % said they were confident that U.S. President Barack Obama would do the right thing in world affairs . Obama 's approval numbers are no better than those of then-President George W. Bush in 2008 . In a poll taken after bin Laden 's death , more than two-thirds  69 %  said they think of the United States as more of an enemy . But that figure is not significantly higher than the 68 % who said the same thing in a poll before his death . China 's government stirred warmer feelings , with just 1 % of Pakistanis identifying it as an enemy . Those surveyed said they were confused about the role of the Pakistani government in the U.S. military operation in Abbottabad , which is located about 35 miles outside the capital city of Islamabad . Asked whether they believe the Pakistani government authorized the raid , 29 % said it did , 23 % said it did not and nearly half said they did not know . U.S. officials have said they did not consult with their Pakistani counterparts prior to the raid . Fewer than one in five Pakistanis  18 %  said they think the government did know that bin Laden was hiding in Abbottabad , 29 % said they did not think so and more than half  53 %  had no opinion . Meanwhile , Pakistani support for the government 's anti-terrorism efforts has diminished over the past few years . Slightly more than a third  37 %  said they support using the Pakistani army to fight extremists in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas and the Kyber Pakhtyunkhwa region , which used to be called the North-West Frontier Province . Two years ago , more than half  53 %  said they backed using the army to battle Taliban-affiliated groups in the Swat Valley area . At the same time , fear of extremists taking over Pakistan has dropped from 69 % two years ago to 55 % today , according to the poll . Yet extremist groups are still unpopular , with just 12 % of Pakistanis expressing a positive view of al Qaeda , down from 18 % last year . And 12 % rated the Taliban favorably . Approval of Lashkar-e-Taiba was higher , with 27 % expressing support for the Kashmir-based group that has carried out attacks in neighboring India . The figures came from two in-person interview surveys carried out by the Pew Research Center 's Global Attitudes Project . The first was carried out April 10-26 and included 1,970 Pakistanis who were part of a 23-nation poll . The second was conducted May 8-15 -- after bin Laden was killed -- solely in Pakistan among 1,251 Pakistanis . The pollsters said there were few differences between the first and second surveys , implying that bin Laden 's killing had little impact on public opinion in Pakistan about the United States or other issues covered by the survey . Pakistanis showed little support for a number of U.S. foreign policy features , with just 20 % saying they think the United States considers interests of countries like Pakistan in setting foreign policy and 69 % saying they want U.S. and NATO troops out of Afghanistan . Nearly two-thirds  62 %  said they oppose U.S.-led efforts to fight terrorism . But Pakistanis expressed deep unhappiness with their own country 's leadership , with 92 % saying they are dissatisfied with the country 's direction and 85 % saying the country 's economic situation is bad . The long-term outlook is not much better -- 60 % predicted the country 's economy will get worse in the coming 12 months vs. 13 % who predicted it will improve . The popularity of President Asif Ali Zardari has plummeted , from 20 % last year to 11 % during this survey . His prime minister , Yousaf Raza Gilani , attracted a positive rating from 37 % of those surveyed , down from 59 % last year . Opposition leader Nawaz Sharif of the Pakistan Muslim League drew a positive rating from 63 % , down from 71 % last year . And former cricket star Imran Khan attracted the most favorable rating for a politician with 68 % approval of those surveyed , up from 52 % last year . Despite the criticism endured by the military over its absentee status during the U.S. raid on bin Laden 's compound , 79 % of Pakistanis described the military as a positive influence on the country . Perhaps that 's because only about a third  37 %  of Pakistanis said they followed closely reports about the raid that killed bin Laden . The prospect of violence against civilians appears to carry little cachet among Pakistanis , with 85 % saying suicide bombing and other violent acts against civilians in defense of Islam are never justified vs. 38 % who said the same thing in 2002 . And terrorism was deemed to be either a very big problem or a moderately big problem by 97 % of those questioned . But support for U.S. drone attacks remains minuscule , with 97 % of those who had heard of them saying they are bad and 65 % saying they are very bad . But just 27 % said they had heard a lot about the attacks , up from 14 % last year . More than half  61 %  said they are unnecessary and 89 % said they think they kill too many innocent people . The sampling error was plus-or-minus 3 points in the April survey and plus-or-minus 4 points in the May survey .	Nearly two-thirds  63 %  expressed disapproval of the raid Most Pakistanis said they wanted a strong relationship between the two countries Only 12 % said they had a positive view of the United States Just 8 % said they were confident that Obama would do the right thing in world affairs
CNN  When Barack Obama heads to India this weekend to meet Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , he will be both the first U.S. president to attend as Chief Guest and the first U.S. president to visit India twice during his term of office . But despite Obama 's warm rhetoric and talk of U.S.-India ties being a "  defining partnership of the 21st century , " the man of the hour when I was visiting India last month was a different world leader : Vladimir Putin . "  Russia has been India 's foremost defense partner through decades . ... Russia will remain our foremost defense partner , " Modi explained during the Russian President 's visit , adding that the "  strategic partnership " between the two countries was "  incomparable . " These comments followed Modi 's claim to Putin at the BRICS summit last summer that : "  Even a child in India , if asked to say who is India 's best friend , will reply it is Russia because Russia has been with India in times of crisis . " Throw in India 's soothing expression of "  understanding " over Russia 's actions in Ukraine , and it is hard not to wonder whether Modi 's words are more than just the kinds of diplomatic platitudes you might expect from a gracious host . Indeed , even as Modi signed off a speech in Central Park with the words "  May the force be with you , " I was reminded of another classic American film series -- "  Back to the Future " -- and wondered whether Modi 's encouraging words to Putin might reflect a certain nostalgia for days gone by . True , since the fall of the Soviet Union and India 's economic reforms , the world 's two largest democracies have done their best to put the days of Cold War estrangement behind them : The United States has cooperated with India extensively on terrorism and maritime security , and India conducts more military exercises with the United States  India 's largest defense supplier  than any other nation . In addition , the United States has done the heavy lifting in trying to bring India into the international civil nuclear community . And even India 's traditional concern over the U.S.-Pakistan relationship seems to have eased in recent years . Yet as the State Department has noted , the India-Russia defense deals announced during Putin 's visit come at a particularly bad time . For the first time since World War II , Europe has a leader in Putin who evidently believes it is acceptable to alter international boundaries through the use of force . One would think an India disputing Chinese and Pakistani territorial claims to entire Indian states would be particularly wary of the embrace of a former KGB agent who was so quick to force his own way . But even setting aside India 's inconsistency on this , it is unclear what practical benefits India should see in wanting to so closely ally itself with a country whose currency is being severely devalued , whose economy is reeling from falling oil prices and international sanctions , whose trade with India is less than a tenth of that with the United States , and whose planes India has bought , even as questions are now raised about their reliability . In fact , the reality is that since the Cold War , Russia has been largely missing in action in regard to India . The views of Russia expressed during the Putin visit therefore seem largely formed by Cold War relations between India and the Soviet Union rather than present reality . But perhaps most importantly of all , this apparent nostalgia raises the question of how India 's policy toward Russia can be reconciled with Indian values of democracy , the rule of law , and individual liberty -- values shared with the United States and that are often cited by leaders and citizens , including the 3.8 million Indian Americans who have helped build the natural partnership between the United States and India . Because unfortunately , these democratic values are being steadily eroded in Russia under Putin  the criminal prosecution of opposition leader Alexei Navalny being but the latest example  , who has derided talk of them as American attempts to impose a sort of cultural imperialism . Both India and the United States need to work with Russia on a variety of issues . But this no time for reverting to relations of a bygone era . Most Indians , and a large number of Americans , were not even alive when the Soviet Union and India were the best of friends -- an era the United States and India should be working to put behind them by looking to a future in which U.S. and Indian school children will recognize their respective nations as best friends . For this to happen , the U.S. and India must act accordingly .	Barack Obama arrives for a visit in India this weekend Ray Vickery : Since Cold War , Russia largely missing in action over India
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former death row inmate in Tennessee has been cleared of murder , three years after the Supreme Court raised repeated questions about his conviction . After 22 years on death row , Paul House was released on bail and has now been cleared of murder charges . State prosecutors on Tuesday asked a judge to drop all charges against Paul House , who was convicted of murder and sentenced to die in 1986 . Special Judge Jon Blackwood accepted the request . House had been scheduled to be retried next month for the 1985 murder of Carolyn Muncey . He had been on death row for 22 years but was released on bail last year . He has multiple sclerosis and must use a wheelchair . The high court ruled in June 2006 that House was entitled to a new hearing . "  Although the issue is closed , we conclude that this is the rare case where -- had the jury heard all the conflicting testimony -- it is more likely than not that no reasonable juror viewing the record as a whole would lack reasonable doubt , " wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy for the 5-3 majority . House 's appeal was championed by the Innocence Project , affiliated with the Cardozo School of Law in New York . "  In the three years since the U.S. Supreme Court stepped into this case and sent it back to the trial court , substantial additional DNA testing and further investigation have shown that he is innocent , " said Peter Neufeld , the group 's co-director . "  Each time a layer of this case was peeled away , it revealed more evidence of Paul House 's innocence . " Muncey disappeared from her rural Luttrell , Tennessee , home on July 13 , 1985 . Her body was found a day later , badly beaten and showing signs of a struggle . She had been raped . House , who was on parole at the time as a sex offender , was questioned by police . He denied any involvement in the crime . He was a friend of Muncey 's husband , but claimed he was in his own house several miles away the evening of the murder . But prosecutors found a hole in his alibi , discovering that he had left his home the night of the murder and returned about an hour later with unexplained cuts and bruises . Forensic evidence found Muncey 's blood on House 's jeans , but questions were later raised whether the samples were contaminated en route to an FBI lab for analysis . Subsequent state-of-the art DNA testing conducted after the conviction showed that semen on the victim belonged to her husband , not House . Blood under her fingernails and cigarette butts discovered near the wooded crime scene also did not match the accused . But prosecutors maintain that other evidence points to his guilt . Muncey 's family has also continued to believe that House was involved in the crime . In 2005 , House told CNN he did not rape or kill Muncey , and he wondered why he was still on death row . "  I guess that 's the million-dollar question , " he said . While maintaining his innocence , he said that lying to police about his whereabouts that night was a big mistake . Kennedy , in his 2006 high court ruling , offered an extensive summary of the facts of the investigation , especially the DNA evidence , which he said might point to "  a different suspect . " Kennedy said jurors might conclude that Muncey 's blood found on House 's pants may have inadvertently spilled there during the autopsy or through mishandling by police at the crime scene . District Attorney Paul Phillips wrote in his petition this week that he still believes House could have been convicted again in a new trial , "  but the new evidence  including the forensic examinations  raises a reasonable doubt that he acted alone and the possibility that others were involved in the crime . " But Phillips noted the "  substantial sentence " House has served as another reason for the charges being dropped now .	New evidence prompts judge to drop murder charges against Paul House House , of Tennessee , spent 22 years on death row for murder of Carolyn Muncey House , who uses a wheelchair , was released on bail in 2007 New DNA testing helped raise doubts
CNN  -- Lawyers for a man accused of kidnapping Utah teenager Elizabeth Smart rested their case Thursday afternoon , a day after the young woman stormed out of court during testimony . Federal prosecutors are expected to follow the defense with several days of rebuttal testimony against Brian Mitchell , who is charged with snatching Smart from the bedroom of her family 's Salt Lake City home in 2002 . Mitchell , 57 , is charged with kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor across state lines . Nine months after her abduction , Smart was found in the company of Mitchell -- a drifter and self-described "  prophet " who called himself Immanuel -- and his wife , Wanda Barzee . Defense attorneys are mounting an insanity defense for Mitchell , hoping to prove that he did not understand his actions were wrong when he abducted Smart . Smart abruptly left the courtroom during Wednesday 's testimony by defense witness Paul Whitehead , a forensic psychiatrist who treated Mitchell , CNN affiliate KSTU reported . Whitehead testified about Mitchell 's desire to bear children with Smart , who was 14 at the time of her abduction , the affiliate said . "  Mr. Mitchell was talking with Ms. Smart about having babies to the point where Ms. Smart actually picked out a name in case that happened , " Whitehead testified . That statement prompted Smart 's departure , followed by that of her mother . Mitchell 's trial was halted Tuesday after he suffered apparent seizures in court . Before the seizures , the suspect was singing Christmas carols when he was led into the courtroom . He then began to wail and dropped to the floor , the affiliate said . Defense attorney Robert Steele said Smart had testified that the suspect suffered a seizure during her time in captivity . "  We watched a seizure , " he said , according to KSTU . When a reporter asked whether "  it really happened , " Steele replied , "  Yes , yes . " Prosecutors have said they have up to five days of rebuttal witnesses , but both sides assured the judge they would finish closing arguments by December 10 .	NEW : Defense rests ; prosecution rebuttal could take five days Brian Mitchell is charged with kidnapping the Utah teenager in 2002 Smart , who was 14 at the time , was abducted from her bedroom
CNN  ISIS militants kidnapped 20 foreigners working at a Libyan hospital , then released them -- under the condition , if they want to live , that they stay put so they can treat members of the Islamist extremist group , a hospital official said . About 30 gunmen tied to the group calling itself the Islamic State stormed Ibn Sina Hospital in Sirte on Monday while a bus was waiting to take the workers to Tripoli , Libya 's capital . The medical workers were later released and sent back to their homes near the medical facility , a hospital official said Tuesday . But they ca n't go far , with ISIS militants ordering them not to leave Sirte , according to the official . One of those kidnapped , a doctor from Uzbekistan , was told he is safe as long as he did n't leave , and he treated any militants who were wounded , the hospital official said . "  They told him that , for your life , you  stay  and work in the city , " the official added . Like the doctor , the other medical workers are n't Libyan . Most are from the Philippines , with others from Ukraine , India and Serbia . The kidnappings came days after people of Filipino , Austrian , Czech , Ghanaian and Bangladeshi descent were taken from Libya 's Al-Ghani oil field , an operation that Libya 's internationally recognized government blamed on "  ISIS militias . " The abductions are more evidence of the turmoil Libya has experienced since 2011 , the start of an uprising against longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi . Sirte was Gadhafi 's hometown , where he was killed , and where his loyalists held out the longest . In the years since , Sirte has become a home to ISIS . The coastal city , halfway between Tripoli and Benghazi , is where terrorists kidnapped 21 Coptic Christians from Egypt in separate incidents in December and January . That mass abduction was followed by mass slaughter -- one that , in ISIS ' distinctive , depraved style , was videotaped and disseminated as propaganda , showing jihadists standing behind their orange-clad , handcuffed victims and then beheading them . "  The sea you have hidden Sheikh Osama bin Laden 's body in , " a masked English-speaking jihadi said on the video , "  we swear to Allah , we will mix it with your blood . " Like the Egyptians , the medical workers kidnapped Monday are foreigners , having come to Sirte to work . They also have skills that could help ISIS . The Ibn Sina Hospital official believes the extremist group went after the workers -- who 'd been trying to flee Sirte 's precarious security situation -- because they make up the only medical team there and might be needed to treat ISIS militants . The large-scale kidnapping illustrates how ISIS has become a disruptive force in Africa . The group 's main foothold is in Iraq and Syria , where it has ruthlessly conquered territory and threatened to take more despite efforts by local governments and a U.S.-led air campaign . ISIS branched out into Libya last year , with CNN reporting in November that fighters loyal to the group had complete control of Derna , a city of about 100,000 near the Egyptian border . Militants who 've pledged allegiance to ISIS also have made their mark in points westward , forming chapters in cities including Sirte , Benghazi and Tripoli , according to Noman Benotman , a former Libyan jihadist now involved in counterterrorism as head of the Quilliam Foundation . Besides its actions in Derna and Sirte , ISIS ' Libyan branch claimed responsibility for a January attack on a luxury hotel in Tripoli that killed 10 people , one of them American David Berry . But ISIS is n't just active in Libya . Earlier this month , Boko Haram -- another Islamist extremist group with its own reputation for mass abductions and craven brutality -- pledged allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . This bond gives ISIS a gateway to West Africa and specifically to Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation and Boko Haram 's home .	ISIS tells doctor to stay , treat militants , hospital official says About 30 gunmen stormed the Sirte hospital , took 20 foreigners captive ISIS has been active in Sirte , where it also abducted Christians from Egypt
CNN  -- This year 's American Music Awards will be the first without its founder Dick Clark . But America 's eternal teenager will still be there in spirit â $ " and in song . Stevie Wonder will be performing a special tribute to Clark at this Sunday 's live ceremony , Dick Clark Productions has announced . The tribute will be introduced by Ryan Seacrest . "  He was a mentor , friend and a wonderful advocate for popular music , " Seacrest said of Clark in a statement . "  It 's only fitting that one of music 's legends , Stevie Wonder , will play at Sunday 's tribute . " ` Only God is responsible for making more stars than Dick Clark ' Clark , of course , formed the American Music Awards back in 1973 as a means of competing with the Grammys . Wonder himself has snagged 11 AMAs over the years . EW Daily Poll : Which is the best Pixar movie ? "  Without a Dick Clark , " AMA producer Larry Klein says , "  our entire current musical repertoire might be classical in nature . Not that there 's anything wrong with classical music , but Clark helped Beethoven roll over and tell Tchaikovsky the news . " Other than Stevie , other live acts at this year 's AMAs  Sunday at 8 p.m. on ABC  will include the likes of Taylor Swift , Pink , Christina Aguilera , Justin Bieber , Kelly Clarkson , Carly Rae Jepsen , Carrie Underwood , Ke $ ha , Nicki Minaj , Chris Brown , and tons more . Check back here the day after for EW 's graded report card of all the night 's best and worst performances . See original story at EW.com .	The tribute will be introduced by Ryan Seacrest Clark formed the American Music Awards back in 1973 The show will be on Sunday at 8 p.m. on ABC
Chris Hadfield has conquered space . Now he 's conquering the Internet , too . A video of the Canadian astronaut singing David Bowie 's "  Space Oddity " from the International Space Station has been zipping around the Web at light speed since it was posted Sunday . The five-minute clip features Hadfield singing a modified version of the tune and strumming an acoustic guitar while floating through a space module , more than 200 miles above the Earth . By Monday afternoon , it had more than 1.8 million views on YouTube , 3,000 comments on Reddit and was being widely shared across social networks . Hadfield already was something of a social media star , with 260,000 fans on Facebook and more than 825,000 followers on Twitter . During his five months aboard the International Space Station , he has posted numerous photos and videos of himself preparing meals , brushing his teeth and explaining how to vomit in space . But the elegant "  Space Oddity " video , reportedly months in the making , may rocket him into a higher orbit . Hadfield 's earnest voice and unique perch in space brings a moving immediacy to Bowie 's verses , and when he sings , "  I 'm floating in a most peculiar way " while actually floating , it 's a powerful moment . Because Hadfield 's vocals and guitar were recorded on the space station  and mixed with supporting tracks by Emm Gryner , a Canadian musician who once sang backup for Bowie  , some observers are calling it the first music video made in space . Commenters on Reddit praised the video 's simplicity and genuineness . "  The floating guitar is really floating , it 's not some computer animation or trickery . The Earth turning behind him in the windows is the real deal . That 's us , that 's our blue dot , not some stock image , or animation ... , " wrote one Redditor . "  The video has none of the Hollywood fakery we are used to . Its power comes from this authenticity . " Hadfield took a few liberties with the lyrics of the 1969 Bowie song , which became a hit upon its 1973 rerelease . In the original song , Ground Control loses radio contact with the astronaut , Major Tom , implying that the mission has failed . But Hadfield omits that part . Bowie himself acknowledged the video , tweeting , "  CHRIS HADFIELD SINGS SPACE ODDITY IN SPACE ! " The 53-year-old Hadfield launched aboard the Russian Soyuz spacecraft in December and in March became the first Canadian to lead a spaceship as commander of the International Space Station . The video clip was a farewell of sorts : Hadfield , Soyuz Cmdr. Roman Romanenko and Flight Engineer Tom Mars landed safely in their Soyuz spacecraft Tuesday in Kazakhstan as scheduled , according to NASA . One Reddit commenter may have spoken for many when he wrote , "  You 'd better freakin ' make it safely or this video will be the biggest tear-jerker on the Internet . " More space and science news from CNN Light Years	Viral video shows a Canadian astronaut singing David Bowie 's "  Space Oddity " from space Posted Sunday , video has more than 1 million views on YouTube Chris Hadfield recorded the guitar and vocals on the International Space Station
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The discovery two years ago of a man 's decapitated head near the Hollywood sign began a murder mystery that police now believed is solved . Gabriel Campos-Martinez , 38 , was charged Monday in the death of 66-year-old Hervey Medellin , whose head and several other body parts were found by a woman walking her dog in Hollywood 's Griffith Park on January 17 , 2012 , according to the Los Angeles district attorney . Campos-Martinez and Medellin shared a Hollywood apartment for about six months , Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Bobby Grace said . A coroner concluded that Medellin had died as a result of asphyxiation and ruled the death a homicide , Grace said . Investigators have not revealed a motive for the gruesome killing , which police believe occurred around December 27 , 2011 . A murder charge was filed on Monday against Campos-Martinez , who was arrested in San Antonio , Texas , Sunday . He is being held on $ 1 million bail and awaiting an extradition hearing . The dog walker whose golden retriever , Ollie , discovered the head near a trail below the Hollywood sign said she at first thought the head was a movie prop . "  Our assumption was that there was always people filming up there , and it was a prop , " Lauren Kornberg said in 2012 . "  We walked down the ravine and got closer and realized it was a freshly severed human head . " Cadaver dogs eventually found several hands and feet -- but no torso -- in the wooded area , which is near the home of actor Brad Pitt .	Gabriel Campos-Martinez is charged with killing his former roommate A dog walker found Hervey Medellin 's head near the Hollywood sign in January 2012 Investigators have not revealed a motive for the gruesome killing
CNN  -- Soccer stars have plenty of spare time , and plenty of money , so this week 's revelations of players gambling on events during English Premier League matches should come as no surprise . Claus Lundekvam 's claims that "  spot-fix " betting was rife when he was a player have attracted the attention of world governing body FIFA , which is also battling against the widespread problem of match-fixing . The Premier League has a well-documented gambling culture , with big names such as Michael Owen and Wayne Rooney owning race horses and featuring in big-stake "  card schools " on international and club duty . Before them , England internationals Tony Adams and Paul Merson had highly-publicized problems with gambling and alcohol . Former Southampton player Lundekvam is the latest to talk candidly about footballers ' vices , revealing that he and other top-flight stars made money out of betting on minor events in games such as the first throw-in or corner kick . Swiss court : Former FIFA president took $ 1.5 M in bribes "  For a while we did this almost every week , " Lundekvam told a Norwegian television channel . "  We made a fair bit of money . We could make deals with the opposing captain . "  For example , betting on the first throw , the first corner , who started with the ball , a yellow card or a penalty . Those were the sorts of thing we had influence over . "  The results were never on the agenda . That is something I would never have done . We were professional competitors . Even though what we did , of course , was illegal , it was just a fun thing . " Strict regulations and laws govern what professional footballers are able to gamble on , but are football 's lawmakers taking the problem seriously enough ? World governing body FIFA released a statement on Wednesday outlining its intention to look into Lundekvam 's claims . "  FIFA is monitoring this issue and involved its chief investigator in England , " FIFA told CNN . "  Once all information is known it will be decided who is leading the investigations . " The Premier League , which recently raised $ 4.5 billion selling broadcasting rights in Britain , declined to comment on the matter , while the English Football Association gave no indication it would be investigating Lundekvam 's claims . "  The FA has strict policies on this and our sanctions are wide-ranging . All participants also have a duty to report any such activity , " it told CNN . "  Football works closely with the gambling industry to monitor all markets and activity and we have a unit focused on maintaining the integrity of the sport . " While the allegation of illegal activities within "  the beautiful game " is worrying , it also shines a light on another possible parasite eating away at soccer 's top players . Lars Bohinen was an international teammate of Lundekvam 's and enjoyed an eight-year Premier League career with Blackburn Rovers , Nottingham Forest and Derby County . The former midfielder said he was not aware of any spot-fixing when he played , but he does recall jokes being made about the subject during his time in England . "  One of the examples Claus put forward was that you could bet on the first throw-in , " said Bohinen , who retired in 2005 . "  I remember we joked about that sometimes , but it was never seriously discussed . It was a rumor which went around at the time . "  I suppose having learned about what 's happened it would be naive to think it was n't there , but I ca n't say to what extent it was there . " Bohinen did acknowledge that players would bet thousands of pounds on the way to matches . "  It 's not well known , but there have been cases , " he said . "  People could lose Â # 3,000 or Â # 4,000 on a bus trip to London . Obviously that 's not the best way to prepare for a game . "  At one of my clubs they put an end to gambling on the bus on the way to away games . I think there are a lot more problems going on than people get to hear about . " The Premier League 's highly-paid players have become celebrities , which can make it even harder to admit to a gambling problem when your fans see you as a sporting hero . "  Gambling addiction is not something players talk about ... They would never come out and say that , but you could sense it from the way they gambled on cards , horses and football , " Bohinen said . Many sportsmen suffering from addiction problems have turned to the Sporting Chance Clinic , a charity set up by former England captain Adams . "  The issue may be getting to admit there is a problem in the first place , " said a Sporting Chance spokesperson . "  If you 're talking about footballers , there is a very clear , defined process in place . " The Professional Footballers ' Association  PFA  -- the union which represents the concerns of players in England and Wales -- refers cases of addiction to Sporting Chance , which offers residential care . "  If you are a professional player at any level , if you are a member of the PFA , there is a huge support network in place which we are part of , " said the Sporting Chance spokesperson . "  There is a clear , full process in place which we are almost the culmination of . We get to see what you would almost consider the worst cases . " However , PFA management committee chairman Clarke Carlisle suggested greater regulatory scrutiny raised privacy issues and also threatened to make the problem worse . "  We 've not had a survey or a general questionnaire about the gambling habits of the players , " said Carlisle , who was part of the Burnley team which played in the Premier League in the 2009-10 season . "  The problem is that gambling calls into question the integrity of a match and of the sport . "  As a union , we 're never going to stop players gambling . If you were to put a blanket ban on it you would just drive it underground . That would only serve to put people in a far more precarious position . " Carlise , who went to Sporting Chance when he battled alcoholism , would like to see the clinic given greater resources . "  I think it 's an excellent facility and one which needs to expand . It 's a perfect setting to get away from the outside influences of what is going on in your life and really focus on addressing your issues , " the 32-year-old said . "  In that perfect setting there are people who have an empathy with what is going on in your life , which is the greatest thing anyone can show you . " Carlisle refused to blame the Premier League or the FA for their response to gambling and spot-fixing , saying it is the role of the PFA to understand the needs of footballers . "  You 're caught between a rock and a hard place , " he said . "  I do n't think anyone has hit on the solution yet . "  Is it the FA 's remit to cure the ills of the individuals within the game ? Probably not . It is the PFA 's remit to make sure we 're aware of the what the lads are going through and the problems they are facing . "	Latest claims of football gambling put spotlight on English Premier League Former players admit that betting is prevalent and part of team culture Premier League has yet to indicate that it will take any action Players ' union says it should address the problem , not the ruling bodies
CNN  -- Arsenal surrendered top spot in the English Premier League are being walloped 5-1 by Liverpool at Anfield on Saturday . The Gunners were left shell-shocked as the Reds ran riot in the opening quarter of the match . Martin Skrtel put the home side ahead in the opening minute , redirecting Steven Gerrard 's free kick past Wojciech Szczesny . The Slovak center back doubled the lead nine minutes later with a looping header from a corner kick before Raheem Sterling tapped in from close range in the 16th minute after Luis Suarez swept in a low cross from the right . Worse was to come for the visitors four minutes later when Daniel Sturridge side-footed home a fourth after meeting a superb through ball from Brazilian midfielder Philippe Coutinho . Arsenal were lucky not to concede again in the first half but soon found themselves five goals down when Sterling scored at the second attempt in the 52nd minute after Szczesny had blocked his original effort . Mikel Arteta scored a consolation goal in the 69th minute -- converting from the penalty spot after Gerrard had fouled Alex Oxlade - Chamberlain in the box moments earlier . But nothing could hide the fact that this had been a crushing defeat for the North Londoners as they chase a first league title in a decade . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger described it as "  a very poor day " after the match . "  Only the fans were good for 90 minutes . All the rest on our side , we were poor -- defensively , offensively -- and  the goals  were all scored in slow-motion , " Wenger told BT Sport . "  Overall , on top of that , we were caught on two set-pieces at the start . But the performance was very poor and Liverpool played very well , so congratulations to them . We have to bounce back from that , and as quickly as possible . " Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers was understandably delighted . "  It was an incredible performance . It 's not the first time we 've been outstanding at home , but everything about us today was incredible . Everything was outstanding . "  We 've been getting better and better . We 've got a lot of young players , developing well . But for us it 's just about improving . " Arsenal , who play Manchester United in their next league match on Wednesday , drop one place to second , while Liverpool consolidate fourth place and now have 50 points . Chelsea top after Hazard hat-trick After outwitting Manchester City in the week , Chelsea rise to first after beating Newcastle United 3-0 and Manchester City dropped points against Norwich City . Jose Mourinho 's side , who outwitted City on Monday , outplayed their Geordie visitors at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Eden Hazard , who played a starring role in the 1-0 at the Etihad Stadium , turned in another star performance this time scoring a hat-trick to lift the Blues to 56 points , one point ahead of Arsenal . Manuel Pellegrini 's usually free-scoring City side failed to find the net for the second successive match drawing 0-0 at Carrow Road -- a result which sees them slip down to third with 54 points . Elsewhere , West Ham United and Crystal Palace eased relegation worries with much needed wins . Two goals from Kevin Nolan at the start of the second half saw the Hammers ease to a 2-0 win away to Aston Villa . The result lifts them to 14th in the table , one place and one point below Crystal Palace who beat West Bromwich Albion 3-1 at Selhurst Park . Southampton and Stoke City drew 2-2 , but Sunderland , after an emphatic win 3-0 against local rivals Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby , slumped to a 2-0 defeat against Hull City . Read more : Manaus World Cup stadium suffers third death Read more : Blatter prepared to stand for re-election	Liverpool smash five past English Premier League leaders Arsenal at Anfield Merseysiders win 5-1 to consolidate fourth place while Gunners slip to second Chelsea win 3-0 against Newcastle at Stamford Bridge ; Man City draw 0-0 at Norwich
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan 's 77-year-old emperor was hospitalized on Sunday , several days after coming down with a fever , a spokesperson with the Imperial Household Agency said . Emperor Akihito , a ceremonial but revered figure in the Japan , was suffering from a worsening case of bronchitis and the fever he contracted Thursday , according to the spokesperson , who declined to be identified due to the agency 's media protocol . "  He appears to be fatigued and has lost some resistance to fight against sickness , " the spokesperson said . "  To be on the safe side , he was hospitalized  Sunday night  at University of Tokyo Hospital . " It is the emperor 's second time in a hospital this year , after getting medical treatment in February for extensive tests of his coronary arteries . Japan 's Cabinet on Sunday approved a measure to temporarily elevate Crown Prince Naruhito to the role of emperor and give him power over all the responsibilities that position entails , according to a person at the Cabinet office , who also was not named per policy . Akihito : The 125th Emperor of Japan Born in Tokyo in December 1933 into a family that eventually consisted of seven children , Akihito became crown prince in 1952 -- the same year he enrolled at Gakushuin University , according to his official biography . Seven years later , he married then-crown princess , and now Empress Michiko , and together they raised three children . On January 7 , 1989 , following the death of his father Hirohito , Akihito became emperor . The position , per Japan 's constitution , is defined as "  the symbol of the state and of the unity of the people . " That said , the office 's involvement in day-to-day government affairs tends to be minimal . Yet Emperor Akihito broke from precedent following Japan 's epic 9.0 magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami earlier this year , when he gave a historic , televised speech . In it , he encouraged citizens to put forth their "  best effort to save all suffering people " and he applauded his countrymen 's handling of the crisis . "  I truly hope the victims of the disaster never give up hope , take care of themselves , and live strong for tomorrow , " he said in a calm and poignant oration delivered from the Imperial Palace . "  Also , I want all citizens of Japan to remember everyone who has been affected by the devastation , not only today but for a long time afterwards -- and help with the recovery . "	Emperor Akihito , 77 , came down with a fever Thursday , an imperial spokesperson says He also has been suffering from a worsening case of bronchitis He appeared "  fatigued and lost some resistance , " adds the spokesperson Born in 1933 , Akihito became emperor in 1989
Cairo  CNN  -- An Egyptian police brigadier general was killed and five others were injured in bombings Wednesday outside Cairo University , the Interior Ministry said . Three blasts rocked the area outside the university campus -- the first two in quick succession near the faculty of engineering and a third a little later near the main gate . Hundreds of police and security officials cordoned off the area , where forensic experts and sniffer dogs were brought in to investigate . Ambulances also arrived on the scene . Attacks targeting security forces have become increasingly common in Egypt since the army deposed Islamist President Mohamed Morsy , who hails from the Muslim Brotherhood , in July following mass protests against his rule . In a statement , the Interior Ministry said Brig. Gen. Tariq al-Mirgawi , police chief of the criminal unit in West Giza , was killed in the blasts . Those injured were police officers . "  Experts determined that the two explosive devices were planted in one of the trees in the area , " the ministry said , adding that an investigation was under way . A security source within the ministry told CNN the bombs appeared to be "  homemade . " Internal strife Al-Mirgawi 's funeral , held at the police academy in Cairo , was broadcast live on state-run Nile TV . The station had earlier reported security forces were dealing with a car loaded with TNT explosive material which was discovered outside the campus . State TV later said al Nahda square , which is in front of the campus , had been opened to traffic following police searches . The blasts caused part of a building to collapse , the state-run Al-Ahram newspaper reported . Prime Minister Ibrahim Mahlab called an emergency meeting of the Cabinet 's security committee . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , but Islamist militants have carried out similar operations in a fast-growing insurgency threatening Egypt , which will hold presidential elections on May 26-27 . Egypt has faced unending turmoil since the uprising that toppled longtime leader Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . Since Morsy 's ouster , the country has suffered the worst internal strife in its modern history . Morsy and other Brotherhood leaders were rounded up soon after his removal from office . Battleground In recent weeks , the area around the university has become a battleground for clashes between police and Muslim Brotherhood supporters . Cairo 's military-installed government has declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group . It accuses the movement of supporting attacks against the police and army -- an allegation the Brotherhood denies . Since Morsy 's ouster , more than 1,000 people have been killed and thousands of Brotherhood members have been detained in a crackdown by the interim authorities . The government says militants have killed almost 500 people in the same time period , most of them police and soldiers . Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , the general who toppled Morsy , is expected to win the May presidential vote easily . He is popular among Egyptians who supported the army 's decision to remove Morsy from power a year into his term and see el-Sisi as the kind of strongman needed to end the turmoil dogging the Arab world 's most populous nation . But el-Sisi is reviled by the Islamist opposition , which sees him as the mastermind of a coup against an elected leader and the author of a fierce crackdown on dissent . CNN 's Schams Elwazer , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Heba Fahmy and Neda Farshbaf contributed to this report .	A third bomb explodes outside Cairo University Egyptian police brigadier general killed , five people injured , Interior Ministry says It says that two explosive devices were in trees in the area Egypt has been in turmoil since army ousted Islamist president in July
One day after President Barack Obama announced that he is delaying executive action on immigration , top lawmakers urged the President to ditch his plans for an executive action altogether and work with Congress . Sen. Dianne Feinstein indicated she 'd prefer the President not act unilaterally at all . "  The way this should be done is legislatively , " the California Democrat said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " She said anything done through presidential action would be challenged in the courts . Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , agreed , adding the President is being "  prudent " by not acting . "  I think that was wise . He needs to work with Congress on this , " he said , also on "  State of the Union . " On Saturday , the President announced he is delaying any action on immigration that could have protected many undocumented immigrant workers and families from deportation until after the midterm elections in November . His move prompted critics and analysts to determine his decision was political as Democrats are struggling to maintain control of the Senate . Even Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , who is a strong proponent of immigration reform , said "  it 's clear that playing it safe is what is going on at the White House and among Democratic circles . " He said Democrats have looked at polling in red , Southern states with small Latino populations , including Georgia , North Carolina , Arkansas and Louisiana , where Democratic Senate candidates are at risk of losing in November . "  Playing it safe means walking away from our values and our principles , " he added on ABC 's "  This Week . " Obama said that he decided to postpone taking action because "  the politics did shift midsummer " because of the record number of unaccompanied minors crossing the border . The President also said that he needs to spend time explaining to the American public his reasons for acting on immigration . "  I want to spend some time , even as we 're getting all our ducks in a row for the executive action , I also want to make sure that the public understands why we 're doing this , why it 's the right thing for the American people , why it 's the right thing for the American economy , " he said in an interview aired Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " But the President has also received criticism for his delay . Immigration reform advocates have said they are "  bitterly disappointed . " Sen. Bob Menendez , D-New Jersey , expressed a similar sentiment , saying on "  Fox News Sunday " that he 's "  deeply disappointed " that the President has n't yet acted . While Rep. Tony Cardenas , D-California said Latinos and immigrant communities are "  frustrated " with the President for taking so long to act , he said the majority of frustration is placed at the feet of Congress . "  The first blame is with Congress not doing its job , and now the President is forced to have to take a measure like executive actions , " he said on CNN . The Senate passed a comprehensive piece of immigration legislation in 2013 but it has been stalled in the House . That inaction led the President to announce at the beginning of the summer that he would act in spite of congressional inaction . Rogers said he hopes the President never moves forward on such an executive action , calling it "  risky " for his relationship with Republicans . "  I think it 's very risky for the President . He already has a credibility crisis . If he takes this step , it would make for a very long two years , " Rogers said .	Two top lawmakers say Obama should drop plan for executive action to get immigration reform Issue should be dealt with legislatively , says Sen. Dianne Feinstein "  He needs to work with Congress on this , " says Rep. Mike Rogers Obama said Saturday he would delay any action on immigration until after midterm elections
CNN  -- Police arrested a suspect believed to be one of four men shown in a video apparently sexually assaulting disabled women in a care home and other places , authorities said in a statement . Ernie Lloyd , 27 , was arrested at West Hollywood Sheriff 's Station on Saturday evening , said a statement from the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . On Saturday morning , Lloyd went to a Los Angeles police station , "  saying that he had seen himself on the news and that he knew he was wanted , " the statement said . During an interview with detectives , Lloyd "  implicated himself , " authorities said . He was arrested on suspicion of rape of a person with disabilities , the statement said , and bail was set at $ 100,000 . On Friday , authorities said another suspect had been identified as Bert Hicks , 41 , who is now serving a state prison sentence in California 's Tehachapi State Prison for fiduciary crimes , abuse and sexual assault in a residential care facility . Hicks allegedly took a disabled woman to Las Vegas , married her and then brought her back to the care facility , where she was repeatedly sexually assaulted by other men , said sheriff 's Detective Ron Anderson . Authorities do n't know if the crimes Hicks was convicted of are the ones depicted on video , he said . On Thursday , authorities issued a public appeal for help after the video was mailed to them by an anonymous tipster . City of Los Angeles police detectives saw Thursday 's media coverage and told the sheriff 's office that they could identify two of the four suspects shown in composite sketches , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Sgt. Dan Scott told CNN . One of the victims was also identified . "  The investigation is still in its early stages , but detectives believe that it occurred in 2007 or earlier at a residential care facility in the city of Los Angeles , where both Suspect Lloyd and the female adult victim were living at that time , " the sheriff 's statement said . Police have identified the victim by name , but have been unable to locate her , as neither she nor Lloyd still resides at the facility where the alleged assault occurred , authorities said . Sheriff 's detectives were working with investigators from the Los Angeles County Department of Public Social Services and Los Angeles police to locate the woman . The 13 DVDs mailed by the anonymous tipster to the sheriff last March contain more than 100 hours of video of at least 10 men apparently sexually assaulting at least eight severely disabled women in a care home and several other locations , according to Scott and Anderson . Sheriff 's investigators spent months reviewing the grainy video and were able to come up with composites of only four of the 10 suspects , authorities said . Investigators believe the sexual assaults occurred in the past three to five years , Anderson said . Since the information was made public on Thursday , "  scores of tips " have come in to authorities , the statement said . "  The public is clearly shocked and disturbed by every aspect of this case , " Scott said in the statement . "  We heard from so many people who want to help , as well as from people who fear their loved ones may have been among the women abused . " The identification of two suspects was considered a major break in the case , because the leads could allow authorities to determine identities of the other eight suspects and the locations of the alleged rapes , authorities said . More remains to be done , Scott said in the Saturday statement . "  There are still two more suspects whose images have been shared who have not yet been identified , as well as ... other suspects . Of great importance to us as well is that we need to find and help all of the victims . " The sheriff 's department has made the inquiries "  a high priority , " Scott said . Authorities are still asking for the tipster to come forward -- even anonymously , by contacting a hot line -- and provide more details on the video . A "  To Police " letter accompanying the video states that the tipster was a computer technician who was hired by a man to wipe clean a hard drive on a laptop that the man bought for $ 20 from a "  crackhead " on a street in Inglewood , California , Anderson said . When the computer technician saw the video , he was so disturbed that he made copies of the DVDs and mailed them to the sheriff , Anderson said . In the letter , the technician said the laptop purchaser was also aware of the video content . Authorities allowed CNN to see the letter , which contains grammatical errors . It says in part : "  He saw what was on the hard drive and ask could I wipe it and restage Windows , etc. . I did restage but I have to copy this stuff for a police action , " the letter says . "  The video 's found on the hard drive was disturbing and made me sick . I had to turn it in and I pray that you find these  expletives  in the video 's molesting handicap people , " the letter continues . Authorities said the graphic video even depicted one female victim in a wheelchair who was wearing a diaper . The suspects allegedly sexually assaulted "  people in bed unable to move . They ca n't pick up the phone , " Scott said . Added Anderson : "  I 've seen a lot of terrible , terrible imagery in my assignment , that involved children and all kinds of hideous things . This is among the most heinous I 've ever seen . ... What I saw was just these poor people lying there being victimized in the most terrible way I 've ever seen . " The video was shot by a security camera and a handheld camera , Scott said . Detectives asked the tipster to call the anonymous Crime Stoppers communication system at 800-222-8477 and provide details on the video 's origin . Investigators said the public can also call the special victim bureau 's hot line at 866-247-5877 . Information can also be provided anonymously by texting the letters TIPLA plus the tip to CRIMES  274637  or by accessing the Crime Stoppers website at www.lacrimestoppers.org . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Casey Wian and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	A 27-year-old man is one of two suspects to be identified A second suspect is in a California prison Police know who one victim is , but have n't been able to locate her
CNN  -- With fallout still swirling from Apple 's decision to replace Google Maps with its own mobile mapping , Google on Thursday announced the biggest upgrade ever to its Street View tool . The update adds more than 250,000 miles of roadways in 17 countries , said Ulf Spitzer , Google 's Street View program manager , in a blog post Thursday . The Street View feature on Google Maps lets users see a real-world , 360-degree view of locations . Showcasing Google 's global reach , the new coverage areas include parts of Macau , Singapore , Sweden , Thailand , Taiwan , Italy , Great Britain , Denmark , Norway , Canada and the United States . Since launching in 2007 , Google Street View had captured 20 petabytes of data in 48 countries . The company uses cars , trikes , snowmobiles and people outfitted with custom cameras to capture 360-degree images around the world . In the new update , Google also added a spate of "  special collections " to the feature , providing virtual tours of attractions around the globe . "  Street View , as you know , is a useful resource when you 're planning a route or looking for a destination , but it can also magically transport you to some of the world 's picturesque and culturally significant landmarks , " Spitzer said . The new spots include Catherine Palace and Ferapontov Monastery in Russia , Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall in Taiwan and Stanley Park in Vancouver . Google Maps has been on the minds of many since Apple decided to replace it as the default mapping system on iOS 6 , the latest version of its mobile operating system . The update coincided roughly with the release of the iPhone 5 , meaning millions saw the new product for the first time after getting their new phones . Early reviews have not been kind . Apple 's mapping software has been a spotty mess , missing huge chunks of the globe and , at times , placing notable landmarks in the wrong place , sometimes humorously so . The release was bad enough that Apple CEO Tim Cook issued a rare apology , saying in an open letter that Apple is "  extremely sorry for the frustration this has caused " and promising to improve the feature . Google has been officially silent on whether it plans to release a new Google Maps app for iOS 6 , which runs on iPhones , iPads and iPods . Reports suggest that it 's doing so , but there 's no guarantee Apple would approve it . In the past , the company has turned down apps that it deemed compete with its own features . That 's a fact Google CEO Eric Schmidt acknowledged Wednesday , speaking at an All Things Digital conference , where he declined to confirm that a new version of maps is in the works for Apple mobile devices . "  Apple should have kept our maps , " Schmidt said , according to GigaOM .	Google adds 250,000 miles to its Street View feature Update comes in wake of flap with Apple over dropping Maps from the iPhone Areas added to Street View are in 17 countries More virtual tour "  special collections " were added as well
Washington  CNN  -- A program that puts air traffic controllers in the cockpit to view life "  on the other side of the frequency " is being resurrected almost a decade after it was killed by Sept. 11 security measures . The program allows controllers to fly in the cockpit "  jump seat " of commercial jets so they can become acquainted with the pilots ' workloads and responsibilities , and ultimately become better at their own . FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt , a former airline pilot , said the program benefits both controllers and pilots . "  It 's a two-way dialogue . And it helps both parties understand some of the work environment that the other is operating in , " Babbitt said . Previously known as "  fam trips , " short for "  familiarization trips , " the program and the name both were casualties of September 11 . The terrorist attacks led to barricaded cockpit doors and to strict protocols on who could pass through them . And the term "  FAM " is now used by the Federal Air Marshal Service . In the decade that has elapsed , thousands of new employees have joined the ranks of controllers , meaning that fully one-third of the work force has never had the chance to ride in an airline cockpit . "  I think it 's an outstanding idea , " said Derek Bittman , a controller at an FAA facility in Atlanta . "  We tell the airplanes what to do , and they make it work . And if controllers got back in the cockpit , we would understand what it takes to make that request work , " Bittman said . Officials say the program has minimal costs because the controllers sit on a "  nonrevenue " fold-down seat behind the pilots . The program will be voluntary , and will be open to controllers who meet certain minimum work experience requirements . Union chief Paul Rinaldi , who participated in the former program , said he found the experience valuable , and it helped him understand when pilots have the busiest workloads and how to better communicate with them . Babbitt said the Transportation Security Administration has approved the program , and that he expects it to begin in the coming weeks . The TSA said it has worked with the FAA on "  a tightly controlled , restricted access program . " "  Air traffic controllers who ride in the cockpit as part of training are vetted and are thoroughly screened at the checkpoint , " the TSA said . "  From a security standpoint , it makes sense to ensure that air traffic controllers have a clear understanding of what happens inside the cockpit . "	Air traffic controllers to get flight in cockpit Idea is to better understand pilot workload and vice versa FAA is restoring program killed by Sept. 11
ISIS has used videos of its shocking beheadings of Western hostages to seize the world 's attention , threatening the United States and its allies . But the Islamic militant group is also pushing its extremist views in a slick online magazine . The publication -- named "  Dabiq " after a town in northern Syria that symbolizes a clash between Islam and the West -- portrays U.S. President Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain as "  crusaders " who will "  bring about the complete collapse of the modern American empire . " It also carries images evoking apocalyptic battles between the Sunni extremist group 's fighters and the rest of the world -- including American soldiers enveloped in flames . By producing the magazine , ISIS is taking a leaf out of the book of its former ally al Qaeda , which has praised and advocated terrorist attacks in its glossy publication , Inspire . But experts say the two terrorist groups do n't appear to be aiming for the same goals through their propaganda . Inspire focuses more on practical advice for terrorists planning attacks , publishing guides on how to make bombs and get them onto planes . Dabiq "  is very different , " Seth Jones , a security analyst at the RAND Corporation , told CNN . "  This is encouraging people to come , to recruit and to join the army in Iraq and Syria -- and fight . " ' A global outreach strategy ' ISIS has already been exploiting the brutal tactics it used to grab control of large areas of Syria and Iraq for publicity purposes . The publication of Dabiq demonstrates that ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , is "  looking not only to nearby areas for support , but is undertaking a global outreach strategy to recruit immigrants to build its state , " the Institute for the Study of War said in a recent report . It noted "  the sophistication and production value of the magazine . " ISIS has successfully recruited large numbers of foreign fighters from across the globe , including from the United States and Western Europe . A CIA source told CNN last week that more than 15,000 foreign fighters , including 2,000 Westerners , have gone to the civil war in Syria . It was not immediately clear how many have joined ISIS and how many are with other groups opposed to the Syrian government . The foreign fighters come from more than 80 countries , the CIA source said . Article on Foley 's beheading Dabiq carries plenty of violent images , apparently aimed at luring jihadists . It has photos of the mutilated bodies of Muslims wounded and killed by Western forces and their allies -- but also pictures of ISIS 's own victims . The final section of its most recent issue is dedicated to the beheading of American journalist James Foley , the first of three Western captives whose killings the group has publicized . The article defends his murder as retribution for Western military campaigns in the Middle East . The magazine shows that ISIS , which is also known as ISIL , is paying close attention to what 's being said about it in the West , featuring an "  In the Words of the Enemy " section . In the first issue , it focuses on an article co-written by Douglas Ollivant , an Iraq combat veteran and key adviser on the surge in U.S. troops there under former President George W. Bush in 2007 . Ollivant , who appears regularly on CNN , is also described as a "  crusader . " He said he was "  perversely honored " that the terrorists were reading his work , but was also aware he was being "  incorporated into their propaganda . " "  We take them seriously , write about them seriously , and perversely they then twist this to their potential recruits and say ` Look , you know , American analysts take us seriously , ' " Ollivant told CNN . Feds : NY store owner plotted to send jihadists to Syria , kill U.S. troops himself	Images evoke apocalyptic battles between ISIS fighters and the rest of the world Expert : It 's part of "  a global outreach strategy to recruit immigrants to build its state " Named "  Dabiq , " the magazine calls Obama and McCain "  crusaders " The latest issue carries an article defending the killing of James Foley
CNN  -- There is a big debate in the world of those advocating gender parity and it goes like this . Most companies and countries around the globe have a dearth of women in leadership roles . Many people agree we should be at 50-50 , but they do n't agree on how to get there . For some , progress has to be ground up , based on governments providing structures that support work-life balance , companies adjusting practices to make it possible for parents to combine work and family , women leaning in , and women in power opening the doors for the next generation of women . They believe any other path to progress will be artificial . For others , change has to be top down . Mandatory quotas have to be put in place to get more women into business and politics . Without them , progress will be too slow because women will simply never get a level playing field to make it into leadership . We need both approaches . But in order to make quotas work , we need to get a whole lot smarter about them . For instance , quotas need sophisticated design - otherwise , they can backfire . So what do we know about quotas ? Quotas need time to be implemented and to deliver results . In Norway , the law to implement quotas on corporate boards was passed in 2005 , but companies were expected to comply by 2008 . At first , board directorships were concentrated among a lucky few , known as the "  golden skirts " . But over time a wider variety of women moved into these roles , as companies learned how to expand their search for female candidates . Another example is the political quota in India . Since the mid-1990s , 33 percent of the seats in local elected bodies in villages - the panchayats - are reserved for women . Some men were initially resistant to what they saw as an undeserving advantage for women . Some even put their own female family members forward as a prop for their own ambitions . But after 20 years of growing pains , we can see change on the ground . Women are now primarily recognized and elected for their leadership on village councils . Quotas are a temporary catalyst -- if managed well they need not be used forever . In Denmark , voluntary gender quotas introduced by political parties in the 1970s , but were removed two decades later as gender balanced candidate pools became the norm . Quotas give big , unexpected returns . Many people believe that quotas will only profit specific individuals that make it into leadership through these mandatory policies and that no one else will benefit . The evidence shows otherwise . Indian village councils are responsible for providing local public goods . After more women came in through the quota , they started allocating funds to things that mattered more to women , like drinking water . In the case of boards , the evidence is more mixed . While Norwegian boards have become more professional since the quotas have been put in place , there has been an adverse effect on short-run profits . It remains to be seen if this is due to short-term negative perceptions of female management choices and whether in the long-run this pattern will change . Quotas create role models . In India , 20 years after the quota was first put in place , families ' aspirations for their daughters have changed . They want them to be more educated and they want them to be leaders . Gender quotas are not "  one size fits all " . They need to be tailored to the issue they are trying to address and that means that sometimes 50-50 parity is just not possible , at least not yet . For example , while parity may be the ultimate target , a direct quota of 50 % of each gender in an engineering firm that can only tap into a 30 % pool of female science and engineering graduates is likely to lead to a backlash , including amongst women themselves on being perceived as being there for a quota rather than merit . But a 30 % quota to tap into the full pool of women engineering graduates can lead to measures that address short-term recruiting as well as understand and root out longer term barriers , setting up the path towards parity . Quotas sometimes need co-design . The World Economic Forum put in place a 20 % quota in Davos for the companies bringing the largest delegations . Specifically , a company has 5 places to come to Davos . Unless at least one place is given to a woman , the company is only allowed to bring 4 delegates . At the time the quota was introduced , this was a big stretch for some of the companies involved who did n't have women in their senior leadership and meant that some might have to forgo that 5th pass . But because it was designed collectively with them , everyone could agree to a more aspirational target because it was the right thing to do , even if it meant losses for some of them . Quotas need to take human behavior into account . For example , political quotas that seek to increase the percentage of women candidates in elections also need to make sure that women and men 's names on candidate lists are randomly distributed -- otherwise the traditional "  minority " -- women -- end up at the bottom . Quotas wo n't be sustainable unless other gender parity efforts are put in place . In my own country , Pakistan , there is a reservation for women in parliament , but given the poor track record of investment in women 's empowerment more broadly , if the quota were to be removed tomorrow , it is unlikely to have had any lasting effect on women 's integration into politics . Sometimes , the implied threat of quotas may be as effective as quotas themselves . In the United Kingdom , under a period of intense discussion regarding whether or not a 25 % quota should be introduced for women on boards , companies have started changing behavior already . Three years ago women made up 12.5 % of FTSE 100 directors . They now make up 20.4 % , for the first time in history . There is no doubt that quotas distort in the short term . But they are also one of the most effective tools available to create a more level playing field in the long term . They help set a goal , they help address underlying barriers and spur for rapid change . The debate on whether or not quotas should be used is getting old and irrelevant . We need to start thinking about how quotas can be used . We now know a lot more about how quotas work and the evidence shows that are only as effective as their design . It 's time to learn how to design smarter quotas . READ THIS : Join CNN 's gender equality Tweetchat on March 7 READ THIS : Why more men should be like Brad Pitt READ THIS : What 's the secret to tackling climate change ? Women The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Saadia Zahidi .	Quotas for women are often met with incredible support or strong opposition , says Zahidi Zahidi says quotas take time to bring about change , cites Norway as example Quotas have a ripple effect on gender equality and improve business practices
Washington  CNN  -- Counterterrorism drone strikes have killed four Americans overseas since 2009 , the U.S. government acknowledged for the first time on Wednesday , one day before President Barack Obama delivers a major speech on related policy . In a letter to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , Attorney General Eric Holder said the United States specifically targeted and killed one American citizen , al Qaeda cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , in 2011 in Yemen , alleging he was plotting attacks against the United States . The letter provided new details about al-Awlaki 's alleged involvement in bomb plots targeting U.S. aviation . Holder also said the Obama administration was aware of three other Americans who had been killed in counterterrorism operations overseas . Holder said Samir Kahn , Abdul Rahman Anwar al-Awlaki and Jude Kenan Mohammed were not targeted by the United States but he did not add more details about their deaths . The letter represents the first U.S. admission that the four were killed in counterterror strikes even though their deaths had been reported in the media . Read Holder 's letter Abdul Rahman Anwar Al-Awlaki was the 16-year-old son of the al Qaeda cleric and was killed in Pakistan about two weeks after his father 's death . Khan produced the English-language magazine Inspire for al Qaeda 's affiliate in the Arabian Peninsula , which included bomb-making instruction . He was killed alongside the elder al-Awlaki . Mohammed , who was once on the FBI 's Most Wanted list , was indicted in July 2009 as part of a North Carolina-based terror ring . He was charged with plotting to murder , kidnap or maim persons overseas and provide material support to terrorists . Mohammed was never arrested and for a time reportedly was living in Pakistan . The Justice Department did not say when he was killed or provide any details . Obama will deliver long-promised remarks on Thursday at National Defense University and will speak at length about the policy and legal rationale for how the United States takes action against al Qaeda and its affiliates , including the use of drones , according to a White House official . Obama will discuss the administration 's rationale for why those strikes are legal and necessary , the official said . Targeting Americans with lethal force in counterterror operations overseas was a controversy that flared publicly during confirmation hearings for CIA Director John Brennan earlier this year . Senators aggressively sought the administration 's legal reasoning for those operations . By the numbers : Drones Some lawmakers were critical of the practice and questions were raised about whether drones might ever be used against U.S. citizens suspected of terrorism who were on American soil . Holder said Obama directed him to release the latest details , which had been classified "  until now . " He said the unprecedented disclosure was made as a way to build on Obama 's commitment in his State of the Union Address earlier this year to "  continue to engage " with Congress on counterterror efforts and to "  ensure that they remain consistent with our laws and values . " Holder noted in one of his own speeches last year he had made it clear the United States would only use lethal force against an American citizen "  who is a senior operational leader of al Qaeda or its associated forces , and who is actively engaged in planning to kill Americans . " He also said no American would be targeted unless he or she posed an imminent threat and could not be captured . The senior al-Awlaki was believed by U.S. authorities to have inspired acts of terrorism against the United States . It was said his facility with English and technology made him one of the top terrorist recruiters in the world . He was considered the public face of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . But Holder said in his letter that it "  was not his words that led the United States to act against him " but his "  direct personal involvement " in the "  planning and execution " of terror attacks against the United States that "  made him a lawful target . " Opinion : 9 myths about drones and Gitmo For instance , Holder said al-Awlaki "  planned a suicide operation " for Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner . Holder noted al-Awlaki directed Abdulmutallab to detonate his bomb , which was hidden in his underwear , only when the jet was over U.S. soil . The plot that ultimately involved a Delta Air Lines flight bound for Detroit on Christmas Day in 2009 failed . The letter also provided new details about al-Awlaki 's alleged involvement in a 2010 plot to blow up U.S.-bound cargo planes with explosives hidden in printers . Holder said al-Awlaki was so involved he even participated in the development and testing of the explosives used in the plan that was foiled . Calling the decision to use lethal force "  one of the gravest our government " can face , " Holder said the operation targeting al-Awlaki received "  exceptionally rigorous " legal review and additional policy screening by the administration . Congress was also briefed on the possibility of targeting the al Qaeda figure and informed once the decision was made in 2010 . In his letter Holder said Obama approved a policy document this week that "  institutionalizes the administration 's exacting standards and processes for reviewing and approving operations to capture or use lethal force against terrorist targets outside the United States and areas of active hostilities . " Obama focuses on drones , Gitmo CNN 's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Attorney General Eric Holder acknowledges toll in letter to Senate chairman Latest disclosure was classified until now ; Obama asked Holder to release info Admission comes one day before President Obama delivers speech on terror policy NEW : Holder letter reveals details on alleged bomb plots involving U.S. aviation
Tanupriya Khurana watches intently as her sister Bhavna gets a makeover at a designer cosmetics kiosk in the middle of one of Delhi 's most popular malls , Select Citywalk . Shades of velvety pink blush roll over Bhavna 's olive cheeks . She holds up a mirror and inspects the results . Behind the kiosk , a clothing and lingerie store displays trendy fashions on mannequins with blond hair , blue eyes and milky white complexions . They look nothing like Tanupriya and her sister or the hundreds of other Indians milling about this upscale shopping complex on a Sunday afternoon . Even the advertisements and store posters that use Indian faces promote a look that is unattainable for most Indians : long , silky straight hair ; a tall , thin body ; and , most importantly , a fair complexion . The most popular Bollywood stars such as Aishwarya Rai -- a former Miss World -- look more white than Indian . "  Being white is the preference , " says Tanupriya , 23 , an insurance brokerage firm employee . "  There 's a different psychology here . I think Indian women have problems with acceptance . " "  Gori hai sundar , " she says . White is beautiful . Khurana says this tongue in cheek . She knows it 's racist -- and disagrees with this collective thinking . But she 's right . As far back as I can remember , a woman 's complexion has been a very big deal in my native land . When I was a child , my aunt forbade me to play outside lest I turn several shades darker in the sun . The same aunt lamented after one of my trips to Iraq that the strong sun had made me "  black . " "  You used to be so pretty , " she said . In other words : "  You used to be so light-skinned . " Many Indians feel their country 's disturbing obsession with fairness has been compounded in recent years with the invasion of European and American retail outlets and widespread access to information via the Internet . The discussion was reignited after Nina Davaluri , a woman of Indian descent , was crowned Miss America . Many here wondered : Could someone as dark complexioned as Davaluri win a pageant in the country of her heritage ? Opinion : Miss America , Julie Chen and the beauty of choice Pratima Singh , the kiosk employee doing the makeover on Tanupriya 's sister , says she often has clients who choose foundation or powder that is too light for them . "  They say they want to look like her , " Singh says pointing to a giant clothing ad featuring a white woman . "  But you ca n't camouflage what you are . " Khurana agrees . "  That 's the saddest thing in our country , " she says as her sister 's face is transformed into Bollywood glamor . "  Looks , color of skin -- we should ignore such things . " Should , yes . But even those here who do not dispute the new Miss America 's beauty said this : A pageant or a Bollywood role is one thing , but when it comes down to finding a bride for a beloved son , Davaluri , despite her stunning looks , would be too dark to make the cut . Sure enough , matrimonial ads in India -- arranged marriages are still the way many young people choose to wed -- often read like this : "  Seeking match for beautiful , tall , fair girl ... " And those women who are the norm in India -- that is , not light-skinned -- are targeted by a $ 400 million skin-whitening-cream industry . It began years ago with a product called Fair & Lovely . Former Miss California : How do we teach kids diversity is beautiful ? I was first introduced to it through a letter from India 35 years ago . It was from one of my childhood friends in Kolkata . She was getting married and wanted to look her best on her wedding day . Her parents thought they were lucky to have secured her a good husband in an arranged marriage . She was , after all , dark complexioned . She said she had been using Fair & Lovely but was n't satisfied with the results . She wanted me to bring her something better from America . I 've noticed on my visit here that Fair & Lovely is still on the shelves . But women who can afford it have a wide selection of products from which to choose . There is even a vaginal wash that promises freshness , protection and , of course , skin lightening . Some people blame the industry for making the problem worse . But Shivangi Gupta of MidasCare Pharmaceutical , the manufacturer of the vaginal wash , said the company is simply ceding to customer demands . "  We had a very proactive consumer coming in and asking us for this product , and I think it would be very irresponsible of us to not to provide that as a solution , " Gupta says . In Kolkata , I ventured into a beauty products store that carried a dizzying array of skin creams . Employee Jayasree Sarkar told me the skin-lightening creams were the store 's most popular products . It does n't matter that they do n't really make you two shades lighter in a matter of a week . Women keep buying the stuff , believing there might be a chance . Their hope is fueled by Bollywood megastars such as Shah Rukh Khan , a darker-complexioned actor who had been peddling a cream made by Emami called Fair and Handsome . Khan tells Indians that he gained success after using the cream . Pria Warrick , a former Miss India who now runs a finishing school for women in Delhi , says India is still struggling to get over its colonial past . "  We , of course , in India are very obsessed with being very fair . I think it 's something the British left us with , " Warrick says . Warrick tells me she is convinced that India needs someone like Oprah Winfrey to do for Indian women what the star did for black women in America -- to make Indians proud of their culture , their heritage , their looks . She also blames the infiltration of U.S. culture for making Indian society so focused on physical beauty . "  American culture places a lot of importance on looks , " she says . Indians stand at a crossroads , Warrick says . "  How much do we pick up from the West ? " Documentary brings light to ` Dark Girls ' Some Indians are trying to reverse the movement to be fair . Actor Nandita Das has lent her face to the "  Dark is Beautiful " campaign , trying to foment change . "  The point is do we want to capitalize this prejudice and lack of self worth and further perpetuate it , " Das says in the campaign , "  or do we want to address it in a way and empower more women and make them feel good in the way they are ? " Back at the Delhi mall , Jai Shukla , 31 , says it 's a shame Indians are so obsessed with skin tones . "  I think mentally , we are not free , " he says , admitting that he once tried lightening creams on his own chocolate skin . He says he used to teach Hindi to Westerners at the posh Imperial Hotel in Delhi . Sometimes , the guards assumed he was a laborer . He says he was a victim of profiling because of his dark complexion . He tried skin-lightening creams but gave it all up once he began to gain more confidence in himself . Rajat Tyagi , 28 , rattles off a list of actresses he says personify his ideal of beauty : Kate Winslett , Angelina Jolie and Indian actor Katrina Kaif , who is light-skinned . But Tygai goes against the grain . When it comes to marrying someone , he says , he wo n't care if she is white , brown or black . It 's what inside that matters , he says . "  Really ? " I ask him . "  Really , " he says . I did n't know whether to believe him , especially in the midst of the retail madness of this Delhi mall . His answer is cliche . But I am glad he said it .	Many Indians feel the disturbing obsession with fairness is compounded by Westernization Interest reignites after Nina Davaluri , of Indian descent , is crowned Miss America Author recalls family members telling her to stay out of the sun lest she turn darker
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban President Raul Castro replaced two high-level government ministers Monday -- citing errors and incompetence -- in the latest round of replacements at top-level government posts . Sugar Minister Luis Manuel Avila Gonzalez was fired after requesting his release because of admitted shortcomings in his own performance , according to an official statement published Tuesday in the country 's state-run newspaper . Orlando Celso Garcia Ramirez will replace him , it said . Transportation Minister Jorge Luis Sierra Cruz was fired due to "  errors in the performance of duties , " state media reported . He also lost his post as a vice president on a top governing body called the Council of Ministers , it said . Transport Director Maside Cesar Ignacio Arocha replaced Sierra at the Transport Ministry , while Gen. Antonio Enrique Lusson Batlle -- a long-time commander in the Cuban army -- assumed Sierra 's post on the Council of Ministers . President Raul Castro , once the world 's longest serving defense minister , assumed the presidency in 2006 when his older brother , Fidel Castro , stepped down because of illness -- at first temporarily , and then permanently in 2008 . Since then , many analysts have speculated that the younger Castro has worked to consolidate power , replacing top government posts with army brass . "  The Cabinet is now substantially different to what it was in 2006 , and substantially different to what it was in 2008 , " when Fidel Castro officially ceded power , said Julia Sweig , senior fellow at Council on Foreign Relations and recent author of "  Cuba : What Everyone Needs to Know . " "  Of course this is Castro solidifying control , " she said , "  but it 's also an attempt to impose a culture of governance and efficiency " in leadership positions that "  under Fidel were very uneven . " Sweig and others contend that recent changes in leadership may be part of broader economic measures intended to streamline Cuba 's bloated state sector , which Raul Castro recently said has supported an excess of up to a million workers . Avila 's release from Cuba 's Sugar Ministry also has raised questions about its broader future . Once a world leader in sugar exportation , Cuba has faced a steady decline since the collapse of the Soviet Union and the accompanying subsidies that once boosted sugar production on the island nation . Widespread speculation suggests the country may eventually close its Sugar Ministry or even open it up to foreign investment in an effort to boost Cuba 's cash-strapped economy . "  If that pans out , they may be bringing in someone -LSB- at the Sugar Ministry -RSB- who is more suited to that task , " said Cuba analyst Phil Peters from the Lexington Institute in Washington . "  It may be aimed at foreign investment , " he said , adding that "  Brazil and others could really help turn that sector into an energy producer . " Later Tuesday morning , Tourism Minister Manuel Marrero announced plans to open up real estate to foreign investment on tourism-related projects , laying out plans for new hotels across the country . The move comes only weeks after Cuba instituted a pilot program of turning over hundreds of state-run barber shops and beauty salons to employees . Since taking office , Castro has allowed such small liberalization measures and tackled corruption , fostering the creation of a comptroller general 's office intended to better manage state revenues . Monday 's replacements come on the heels of the removal of Rogelio Acevedo , long-time head of the country 's airlines and airport . While no official explanation was given for Acevedo 's release , it prompted widespread speculation of corruption . In an uncharacteristically critical article published on a state-sanctioned website last month , Cuban columnist Esteban Morales called corruption a greater threat to the island nation than internal dissent , specifically noting Acevedo 's dismissal . "  Corruption is the real counterrevolution , " Morales wrote , cautioning against groups entrenched in the country 's Communist system .	Transportation Minister fired for "  errors in the performance of duties " Sugar Minister Luis Manuel Avila Gonzalez requested release , admitted shortcomings Country 's airlines and airports chief was replaced in March
Washington  CNN  John Boehner was elected to a third term as Speaker of the House of Representatives on Tuesday after a tense floor vote that saw a remarkably large chunk of his own party attempt to remove him . Opposition to Boehner doubled from the last election for Speaker in 2013 , when a dozen Republicans voted against him . He ultimately received 216 votes , enough to fend off an embarrassing vote on a second ballot but plenty to reinforce the notion that Boehner is struggling to maintain control over restive House Republicans . The dramatic scene played out before live television cameras , as members were called upon one-by-one to stand and name who they were backing to serve as the next Speaker . Despite the opposition facing him , Boehner was greeted by a standing ovation after he was nominated by Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers on Tuesday and his wife , Debbie , watched the floor action from the Speaker 's box . Shortly after winning his spot Tuesday afternoon , an emotional Boehner called improving the economy and creating more opportunities for the middle class "  our vital task . " "  We 'll begin on common ground , " Boehner said , adding later "  All I ask is that we disagree without being disagreeable . " He joked that his door is always open , but "  do n't get carried away with it . " Behind the scenes , Republicans who opposed Boehner are beginning to face the fallout . Florida Reps. Richard Nugent , who voted against Boehner , and Daniel Webster , who challenged him , were removed from the House Rules Committee on Tuesday , according to multiple sources . Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions suggested the decision to remove the two GOP members came from Boehner , telling reporters he had only spoken with Webster . "  The committee works at the behest of the speaker and the speaker -- I believe any speaker -- would want and need a person focused on that agenda , " Sessions said . Sessions said he was surprised these members broke with Boehner , adding "  sometimes there are casualties and there are changes , and people make decisions to do things knowing sometimes there can be consequences . " But the Texas Republican appeared irked at the pressure from the grassroots activists these Boehner opponents drummed up before the vote . "  The onslaught that has happened over the last two or three days has taken a number of members by storm . Their district offices , their Capitol Hill offices have been inundated by people who seemingly drew conclusions that we did n't even have time to go home and defend , " Sessions said . A senior House GOP leadership aide indicated other members could also face some type of repercussions for their public rebuke of Boehner . Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas said he and other Republicans who voted against Boehner fear some type of retribution . He said he was told by a committee chair recently that he was in line for a subcommittee chair post but then after he publicly announced his new post it was revoked , and he suggested his criticism of the leadership cost him the job . Florida Rep. Ted Yoho , who was nominated by a GOP colleague to replace Boehner and voted for himself , struck a more conciliatory note . He told reporters Boehner is "  the speaker of the House and I look forward to following his lead . " Boehner begins the 114th Congress with a new Republican controlled Senate and big plans to enact a conservative agenda . President Barack Obama will meet with congressional leadership next week . But the contentious election just to secure Boehner 's job is a sign that the same dynamic he 's seen in the last four years -- resistance from conservatives -- will continue to hamper his ability to govern the House . After the vote , one of the Republicans who voted against Boehner , Huelskamp said the vote re-electing Boehner "  sends a clear message that that U.S. House Republican majority is status quo -- more of the same . " He said the 25 members who voted for someone else or declined to vote was less about Boehner personally , but about his leadership 's record of bringing major legislation to the House without enough input from members . Sessions , a Boehner ally who will help set floor debate parameters , said "  that 's not the plan " and insisted there would be open deliberations with members about what bills go to the floor . Oklahoma Republican Rep. Tom Cole , a defender of Boehner 's , said that because of the larger GOP majority in the House , the speaker can afford to lose some members . And he suggested those who broke with Boehner are likely to continue resisting his legislative strategy going forward . But he warned those who regularly rebel may end up hurting their own cause . "  There 's always a little bit of fragmentation that occurs because again , people know they can go their own way and you can still get the legislation passed . And I think you saw a certain amount of that today . ` Well the speaker 's going to win anyway , and this will help me at home with my right wing . The problem is , if that 's your reasoning , you 're going to be subjected to that every single time , and you 're going to start to lose influence , " Cole said . The speaker began reaching out to members the day after the midterm elections , and he and his allies continued to make calls and appeals for support right up until the vote on Tuesday afternoon , according to a senior House GOP leadership aide . As the top fundraiser for his party he raised over $ 100 million for GOP members and candidates and traveled to more than 150 events over the 2014 midterm cycle . One of the GOP members who broke with Boehner , North Carolina Rep Walter Jones , argued the current political system helps keep leaders like Boehner in place because they help colleagues with campaign donations . "  This place , it 's all about money . Both parties , everything is about raising money for the next election . That 's what complicates good policy -- is the next election and raising money , " Jones said . Sessions said the new Republican majority on Capitol Hill has to have a better PR effort to ensure the public gives it credit -- both with its own members and the public -- for what it is doing to cut spending . "  We 've got to do a very good job and sell what we do and if we sell what we do , then people will see it and i believe come to our side , including our friends in the tea party who very very much want to see our party win the presidency , " Sessions said . Freshman Republican Rep Lee Zeldin , who backed Boehner , told CNN it was time for the House GOP members to move on and start focusing on coordinating with the new Republican controlled Senate . "  It 's important this this entire Republican conference regardless of whether you are leadership or rank and file , whether you are conservative or moderate , or whether you are from New York or from Oklahoma that we work together to move American forward . " The No. 2 House Democrat , Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland , told CNN he did n't think there would be any real fallout for Boehner of the high-profile spat on the House floor . "  He won , " Hoyer said . "  In two weeks no one will remember what the vote was . He 's the speaker . " CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Boehner opponents face fallout House votes to give Boehner another term as Speaker GOP opposition to Boehner doubled from 2013
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Home to some 70 million Muslims , Nigeria is stepping up efforts to capitalize on the growing popularity of the one of the world 's fastest-growing financial sectors : Islamic banking . Earlier this year the Central Bank of Nigeria announced a final set of regulations which introduced Islamic banking to the country . CNN 's Christian Purefoy discussed the sector 's potential with Hajara Adeola , managing director of Lotus Capital , one of the groups helping to pave the way for Islamic finance in Nigeria . Adeola says there is a growing appetite for this form of banking . "  It is working in Nigeria and there is a lot of interest in doing Islamic banking , in West Africa in particular , " she says . Spread across the Middle East and other parts of the world , a slew of Islamic financial institutions have been offering interest-free services that advocates say can provide a more sustainable alternative to conventional banking practices . The industry , which exists in more than 50 countries , is estimated to be worth around $ 1 trillion and has the potential to eventually be worth $ 5 trillion , according to ratings agency Moody 's . Charging and paying interest is not allowed in Islamic finance because it is prohibited under Sharia law . Instead , if a bank is providing finance for an infrastructure project , for example , the bank and customer agree to share the risk of investment and divide any earnings . "  One of the most well known  principles  is the lack of interest or usury , so you ca n't own a return simply for having money -- which is what interest is , " Adeola says . "  You would have to somehow employ that money into productive use and then you can earn a return on that money . " Islamic banks are not allowed to trade in financial risk areas or deal in mortgage-backed securities or credit-default swaps . Investing in Islamically unacceptable businesses such as alcohol and cigarette makers , casinos and adult-entertainment companies is also forbidden . In June , Jaiz Bank International became the first group to be allowed to open a Shariah-compliant bank in Nigeria after gaining an approval in principal from the country 's Central Bank . Adeola believes Nigeria has the potential to become one of the largest Islamic banking sectors in the world . "  It is a huge market , " she says . "  There 's about 70 million Muslims in Nigeria . Research shows approximately 30 % of the Muslim population typically would be interested in Islamic finance and if you look at the projection they made for the size of the market , it is really quite tremendous -- and that 's just the domestic . " But the Central Bank 's decision has met opposition from some Christian leaders in Nigeria , who argue that the move could increase religious violence in a country whose population is almost evenly divided between Muslims and Christians . According to a VOA news report in mid-July , the Christian Association of Nigeria said the introduction of Islamic banking could stir up religious tensions at a time when security forces are fighting Islamic fundamentalists who want an independent state in northern Nigeria ruled by Islamic law . But Adeola says that Islamic finance is not a threat and can appeal to the country 's Christian community as well its Muslims . "  Islamic finance is universal , " she says . "  There is nothing about it that offends anyone or offends their faith or their principles . If anything , there are many Christians who like to invest with us because it 's also in line with their own ethical values . " Christian Purefoy and Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report	Nigerian authorities have introduced regulations introducing Islamic banking Islamic banks do not charge interest because it 's prohibited under the Sharia law Islamic finance can appeal to Christians as well , says Hajara Adeola of Lotus Capital
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan looked likely Sunday to win the election , a CNN tally of preliminary results showed . The Independent National Electoral Commission posted on its website the count from 28 of the country 's 36 states and its capital , showing Jonathan with more than 19 million votes , compared to his main challenger -- Muhammadu Buhari -- who had close to 9 million votes . A formal announcement of the results could come as early as Monday . To avoid a runoff , Jonathan must get at least a quarter of the vote in two-thirds of the 36 states and the capital . Nigerians voted Saturday for their president , a week after parliamentary elections were marred by violence and accusations of fraud in Africa 's most populous nation . Jonathan is the front-runner despite a poor performance in those elections by his People 's Democratic Party . He is popular in the Christian and animist south . The former vice president assumed office after President Umaru Yar ` Adua died last year following treatment for a kidney ailment in Saudi Arabia . Jonathan has led the nation of about 150 million people since May . About 73 million people were registered to vote . His main challenger , Buhari , is a former military ruler and was a contestant in the 2003 and 2007 elections . He is the candidate for the Congress for Progressive Change and enjoys support from the mostly Muslim north . Other candidates included Nuhu Ribadu and current Kano state Gov. Ibrahim Shekarau . A CNN iReporter in Lagos , who gave her name as Jan Young , said Saturday she expected the race to be tight . "  If the incumbent president wins , it wo n't be a landslide victory but a fair split between the ruling and opposition parties who campaigned for our votes . I also expect our nation would demand accountability from whoever wins at the end of the day , " she wrote . Saturday 's voting was largely peaceful , in contrast to the violence that characterized the country 's parliamentary elections on April 9 . During that vote , separate bomb blasts ripped through a polling station and a collation center in northeastern Nigeria . Human Rights Watch has estimated that at least 85 people have been killed in political violence so far . A new election chief promised free and fair elections , but the electoral commission was forced to put off elections earlier this year by a week after logistical problems , including party logos missing from ballot papers , were reported nationwide . It was a major setback reminiscent of the nation 's 2007 elections , which the European Union described as filled with rampant vote rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . Nigeria , Africa 's most populous country and its largest oil producer , is a major supplier of crude oil to the United States , and hosts many Western oil companies and workers . Nigerians voted April 9 for 360 House of Representatives seats and 109 Senate seats . A gubernatorial vote will be held on April 26 .	Incumbent Goodluck Jonathan is the front-runner His main challenger is former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari The voting was largely peaceful Official results could be announced as early as Monday
CNN  -- Call it confidence , or call it arrogance -- but whatever it is , Sebastian Vettel certainly has it . Already 53 points clear in his bid for a fourth consecutive world Formula One title , and seeking his third successive race victory , the Red Bull driver did not even bother trying to set a second lap in final qualifying for Sunday 's Singapore Grand Prix . So assured was the German that he was quickest on Saturday at Marina Bay , a grueling street circuit where he has triumphed under lights the past two years , he sat in the team garage and watched his rivals try in vain to beat his leading lap time . "  It was weird standing in the garage with roughly two minutes to go , " the 26-year-old told reporters . "  It then became much worse with the others making their final attempt and there 's nothing you can do . " Interactive : See how F1 lights up Singapore However , Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg fell just short of Vettel 's one minute 42.841 seconds , with the German clocking 1:42.932 . Lotus ' Romain Grosjean was third fastest in 1:43.058 , and the Frenchman will be joined on the second row of the grid by Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber  1:43.152  . Webber was fastest in the first sector , Rosberg quickest in the second and Grosjean in the third , but Vettel 's burst in the final section gave him the 41st pole position of his career "  I watched the sector times closely with Romain , Nico and Mark , but fortunately my last sector was strong enough to stay ahead of Nico , " said Vettel , who was fastest in Friday 's second practice and edged Grosjean in Saturday 's final warmup . "  In the end it was a great feeling because it could have gone wrong . Yesterday the gap to the others was a surprise , but today was more what we expected . " Rosberg is seeking his first podium placing since winning the British Grand Prix five races ago in late June . "  Seb has been really quick all weekend , " the 28-year-old said . "  It was very close in the end . One tenth  of a second  more would have been possible , but second is still a good result . "  We 've good race pace and I 'm very confident for tomorrow . " His teammate Lewis Hamilton , who won the race in 2009 for McLaren , was fifth fastest ahead of Felipe Massa -- who again out-qualified his Ferrari teammate Fernando Alonso . Alonso , the Singapore victor in 2008 and 2010 , was seventh -- while Kimi Raikkonen , who will join the Spaniard at the Prancing Horse next year , will start in 13th after failing to reach Q3 for Lotus as he struggled with a back problem . Alonso , who is second overall , and fellow title hopefuls Hamilton and Raikkonen will need significant improvements on Sunday if they are to stop Vettel extending his lead in the drivers ' championship . It had been reported that McLaren wanted Alonso to return to the team where he had one unhappy season in 2007 , but he said after qualifyingn that he hoped to end his career at Ferrari . "  I 've spent the last four races saying I want to stay at Ferrari and maybe extend the contract when they would like , " the 32-year-old said . "  We are working very closely on arriving at that situation . To sit together and to try to do it , that 's my desire , and the team has expressed to me more or less the same desire when we talk about this . " Raikkonen said he would start on Sunday , despite problems with a trapped nerve . "  This morning was very bad , " the Finn said . "  I could n't really try , so we probably did n't get done what we wanted with the car , but at least we got it on the grid and we 'll see what we can do in the race . "  It was good we drove in qualifying in the end , but it was not that nice . " McLaren 's Jenson Button qualified eighth ahead of Toro Rosso 's Daniel Ricciardo , who will replace fellow Australian Webber at Red Bull next year . Sauber 's Esteban Gutierrez completed the top 10 , with the Mexican beating teammate Nico Hulkenberg for the first time this year . He will start the race with a choice of tire compounds after declining to set a time in Q3 .	F1 championship leader Sebastian Vettel wins pole position in Singapore Red Bull star has nervous wait after deciding to post only one lap in qualifying Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg comes closest , qualifying second at Marina Bay Vettel 's closest title rival Fernando Alonso will start seventh on the grid
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot , the suspect in a young woman 's slaying this week in Peru and previously considered a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba , was captured Thursday in Santiago , Chile , authorities said . Van der Sloot is the main suspect in this week 's slaying of 21-year-old Stephany Flores Ramirez , who was found Wednesday in a Lima , Peru , hotel room registered to the Dutch man . Chilean police told CNN that paperwork showed that van der Sloot entered Chile on Wednesday . Peruvian Interior Minister Octavio Salazar Miranda said Thursday that Peru has made arrangements with Interpol to extradite van der Sloot .	Extradition to Peru arranged , interior minister says Joran van der Sloot entered Chile on Wednesday , Chile says Woman 's body found Wednesday in his hotel room , police say Van der Sloot previously a suspect in Alabama teen 's disappearance
CNN  -- Barcelona and Real Madrid have been fined for breaking Spain 's anti-competition laws when agreeing a television deal for their domestic league and cup soccer matches . The two clubs , along with Sevilla and Racing Santander , must pay almost $ 8.5 million  $ 11.5 million  between them , while TV production company Mediapro has been fined $ 6.5 million  $ 8.8 million  . They were found guilty by Spain 's National Markets and Competition Commission  CNMC  of agreeing a TV rights deal of longer than the stipulated three years . In 2010 , the clubs agreed four-year contracts with Mediapro . Real was fined $ 3.9 million  $ 5.28 million  , Sevilla $ 900,000  $ 1.21 million  and Santander $ 30,000  $ 40,624  -- all in line with the values of their respective contracts . La Liga champion Barca said Monday it intends to appeal its $ 3.6 million  $ 4.87 million  fine within the allowed two-month window , but would pay despite it having "  an economic impact " on this season 's operations "  subject to a favorable ruling on future courts involving the refund of payment made . " "  FC Barcelona 's appeal is based on the consideration that the signing of the contract was consistent with the provisions of the General Law on Audiovisual Communication , and also that the contract of assignment of rights mentioned has not affected in practice the audiovisual market , " its website reported . "  The contract was signed by the previous Board , dated June 9 , 2010 , four days before the presidential elections . That decision was challenged by some candidates . " Sandro Rosell , Barca 's current club president , took over from Joan Laporta -- whose reign lasted from 2003-10 . Spanish clubs , unlike those in other top European leagues , do not have collective television agreements . Real and Barca hold 50 % of the top division 's TV income , with the other half shared among the other 18 clubs . It has helped the leading duo not only dominate the domestic competition , but also become two of the world 's most wealthy clubs -- allowing Real to splash out $ 132 million on Gareth Bale in August while also tying star player Cristiano Ronaldo to a lucrative new long-term contract worth a reported $ 206 million . Barca 's financial resources are not quite so deep , though have improved since accepting shirt sponsorship for the first time in 2010 with the Qatar Foundation -- a five-year deal reportedly worth up to $ 225 million . The club signed Brazil star Neymar for $ 75 million in May . The CNMC said in a statement explaining the ruling that the four clubs and Mediapro had committed "  a very serious offense " by breaking its April 14 , 2010 ruling on the acquisition of broadcasting rights for football competitions .	Four Spanish clubs fined over four-year TV rights deal with Mediapro Country 's anti-competition law says such contracts can only be for three years La Liga champion Barcelona and rival Real fined $ 10 million between them Sevilla and Santander also fined , while Mediapro must pay almost $ 9 million
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The family of a man trampled to death in a New York Wal-Mart on Friday filed a lawsuit Wednesday , claiming the store failed to control the crowd pushing to gain entry on one of the busiest shopping days of the year . A temporary worker at this Wal-Mart was crushed to death when shoppers rushed into the store last week . Jdimytai Damour , 34 , a temporary worker , was crushed as he and other employees tried to unlock the doors of the Wal-Mart at Green Acres Mall . The wrongful-death lawsuit , filed in New York Supreme Court by the family 's attorney , Jordan Hecht , names Wal-Mart and the mall 's owner , manager and security firm as defendants . The lawsuit alleges that Damour 's death was caused by the "  wanton disregard for public safety and gross negligence of the defendants . " Hecht also filed a notice of claim against Nassau County to preserve the family 's right to file a lawsuit against its police department . "  When they heard of how he was eventually killed , that he died of asphyxiation , they were visibly shaken . They are angry because this was preventable , and have therefore exercised their right to seek justice in the court , " Hecht said in a written statement . The family is making funeral arrangements for Damour , Hecht said . "  They appreciate the outpouring of sympathy from across the country . They are terribly upset about what happened to their family member , " Hecht said . On Tuesday , lawyers said two Nassau County men who claim they were injured at the store also are suing Wal-Mart . Their lawyers also filed a notice of a $ 2 million claim against the Nassau County Police Department . The mall 's owners , Vornado Realty Trust , refused comment on the lawsuit in a statement issued Wednesday . "  We are saddened by the tragic occurrence , but we do not comment on pending or threatened litigation , " the company said . Hank Mullany , Wal-Mart 's northeast division president , released a statement about Damour 's death Wednesday , which began by saying that Thursday morning , the company will release November 's sales numbers . "  This event is overshadowed by the tragic death of Jdimytai Damour at our Valley Stream , New York , store . We have been in communication with members of his family to do what we can to help them through this difficult time , " the statement said . "  We will continue to work with local law enforcement officials so that together we can implement even stronger safety measures going forward . "	Temporary worker Jdimytai Damour was crushed while he unlocked store 's doors Wrongful death suit names Wal-Mart , mall 's owner , manager , security firm Suit accuses plaintiffs of "  wanton disregard for public safety , " recklessness Wal-Mart says it will work with authorities to implement stronger safety measures
CNN  -- It seemed like a harmless comment , or so Mario Almonte thought at the time . The year was 1992 , and Bill Clinton had just appeared on "  The Arsenio Hall Show " to play a rendition of "  Heartbreak Hotel " on his saxophone . Almonte thought it was entertaining ; his supervisor , on the other hand , thought the stunt "  demeaned the office of president of the United States , " Almonte recalls . Almonte offered his opinion to his supervisor and that he "  relax . " It turned out to be the wrong choice of words , he said . "  He immediately got upset and started arguing with me , and for nearly half an hour , we kept arguing about the issue until we finally both walked away in disgust , " said Almonte , a public relations specialist in New York who was not associated with the show or Clinton 's campaign . "  For the next several weeks , every time he talked to me , he would throw in a jab at my opinion , and it would take all my willpower to keep myself from taking the bait . " The jabs eventually died down , but the damage was done , Almonte said . With that , he learned a lesson : never talk politics in the workplace . "  Most people are so passionately committed to their viewpoints that no discussion ever ends civilly , nobody wins , and nothing comes of it but a shouting match , " he said . It may seem like common sense , but with the Republican primary season entering full swing , political discourse tends to spill over into the workplace . Among the rank and file , there 's a chance that political discourse can work around the water cooler if you know your audience , human resource and etiquette experts say . "  Do n't assume other people believe what you believe , " said etiquette expert Anna Post with the Emily Post Institute . "  You do n't choose who you work with , so it 's really important that that relationship is a good one . " In other words , it 's a risky gamble . If you ca n't keep it civil , or you 're not sure the other person can , keep it to yourself , the experts agree . "  As we get closer to the election and the rhetoric gets even more heated , it 's even more advisable to leave your politics at home , " said Dean Debnam , CEO of Workplace Options , a workplace training benefits firm . "  You need to create an environment that feels comfortable and productive in every way to employees if you want to get the best out of them . " Most companies are n't likely to have a formal policy on the discussion of politics . But there are policies regulating against a hostile work environment , said Debnam , a North Carolina Democrat who also runs a polling organization . "  From the management point of view , there 's a need to be mindful of not creating a hostile environment , and that includes being intolerant of direct reports ' beliefs on politics or otherwise . " Some companies attract employees of a certain political persuasion , but that 's usually clear coming in the door , he said . "  If you 're going to take a job with the Catholic Church , you know what they 're about , " he said . "  But to come into something that 's supposed to be neutral and then feel pressure to take a certain position that you do n't want to , that 's not OK . " If you 're dying to discuss last night 's debate , avoid judgmental language and focus on facts over feelings , Post said . "  You want to keep this as undebatable as possible , " Post said . "  You also need to be wiling to swallow the last word , be able to agree to disagree and be willing to bow out before it escalates . " Now a manager at another company , Almonte , the New York-based public relations specialist , prefers to avoid the topic of politics altogether . "  I do n't get involved , and I do discourage it , " he said . "  With politics and sports , it seems like there 's rarely a middle ground to be reached . And that 's not good for business . "	With Republican primaries under way , politics becomes water cooler talk Those who 've been there prefer to keep political discourse of out the workplace "  No discussion ever ends civilly , nobody wins , " public relations specialist says Expert : Talking politics can work if you know your audience and focus on fact , etiquette
CNN  -- Leading Japanese golfers Ai Miyazoto , Mika Miyazoto and Momuku Ueda have joined forces in launching a website to aid the rescue effort in their native country following the recent earthquake and tsunami . Speaking ahead of this week 's $ 1.7 million Kia Classic in California , the trio revealed they have created a fund-raising website for a relief organization to combat the devastation . All three players , who were in Japan when the disaster struck , have designed buttons with a Japanese logo which translates into : "  Never Give Up Japan " . They will be wearing the buttons on their caps during this week 's LPGA event and have also distributed them to their fellow-players in an effort to promote the website further . Current world number one Yani Tseng wore one of the buttons at her press conference for the tournament . World number six , Ai Miyazoto told a news conference : "  My whole family lives in Okinawa which is way down south from Tokyo , so they are all safe . "  But I went to high school in Sendai City , so I know many people over there . I heard everyone is safe but some of my friends lost their houses and they stay together in a gymnasium , " she added . World No. 51 Ueda added : "  I think all three of us had an idea of what we wanted to do to help . "  But the reason why all three of us got together is because by doing it together , we could have a bigger influence . "	Ai Miyazoto , Mika Miyazoto and Momuku Ueda launch a website to help Japan The trio were all in their native country when the recent earthquake and tsunami struck They have designed a button which will raise awareness of their fundraising side The button have been handed out to all the players at this week 's LPGA Kia Classic
CNN  -- The FBI said Monday it believes it knows who was behind one of the most significant art heists in the United States -- the 1990 theft of 13 precious works , once valued at $ 500 million , from Boston 's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum . A couple of big catches in the announcement : The FBI did n't reveal the suspects ' names , said that the statute of limitations has run out so it ca n't charge anyone with the theft and that the artwork still has n't been recovered . The FBI said the suspects "  are members of a criminal organization with a base in the mid-Atlantic states and New England . " The bureau also said it believes the artwork -- including paintings by Rembrandt and Vermeer -- was taken to Connecticut and the Philadelphia area and that the thieves unsuccessfully tried to sell some of the artwork in Philadelphia about 10 years ago . Charges still could be brought in the future against anyone holding the stolen masters . But authorities suggested the possibility of immunity would be considered should someone involved in keeping the art hidden away come forward and help the FBI to recover it . "  After the attempted sale ... the FBI 's knowledge of the art 's whereabouts is limited , " the FBI said in a statement released Monday . At a Boston news conference , reporters pressed the FBI to name the suspected thieves , but officials declined , saying doing so might harm the ongoing investigation . The announcement comes on the 23rd anniversary of the theft , which the FBI says is one of the largest property crimes in U.S. history . In March 1990 two men posing as Boston police officers entered the museum in the middle of the night and tied up two watchmen . Among the the stolen items was a painting called "  The Concert " by Johannes Vermeer , one of only 34 known paintings by the Dutch artist . Also pilfered were works by Rembrandt , Manet and Degas . Many view this as the single greatest art heist of all time . U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz said she has visited the Dutch Room at the museum several times and has seen the empty frames where the paintings once hung . "  I was reminded of the enormous impact of this theft , " said Ortiz . "  I do remain optimistic that one day soon the paintings will be returned to their rightful place . " The FBI says it 's releasing the new details of the probe in part to remind people of a $ 5 million reward for information leading to the recovery of the items in good condition . The FBI 's publicity effort will include a website devoted to the Gardner Museum robbery and the use of social networks and advertising on digital billboards in the Philadelphia region . Anyone with tip may call the FBI at 800-CALL-FBI or contact the agency online at https://tips.fbi.gov . Mystery masterpiece revealed as Rembrandt self-portrait CNN 's Devon Sayers and Susan Chun contributed to this report .	The FBI marks 23rd anniversary of huge 1990 art heist with new details of the crime Agency says it has idea who stole artworks from Boston 's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum Works , including some by Vermeer and Degas , were valued at $ 500 million
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- A group of anonymous software developers said they will soon start selling a program that will allow iPhone owners to use the hugely popular device on cell phone systems around the world and not just with AT&T . Apple 's iPhone is yet to go on sale outside the U.S. Apple 's iPhone , released in the United States two months ago , was engineered to operate for the first two years only on the AT&T system through an exclusive arrangement between Apple and AT&T . It has not yet been sold outside of the U.S. Los Angeles software consultant Brett Schulte , who is not affiliated with the developers , demonstrated the software for CNN Friday evening . An iPhone that had the new software appeared to work on the T-Mobile system just seconds after Schulte replaced the AT&T SIM card with a T-Mobile SIM card . "  It 's completely software hacked , " Schulte said . "  There 's no case opening required . It 's not required to do any kind of disassembly . " It took Schulte about two minutes to unlock the iPhone . The developers would not give CNN their last names , saying "  We do n't want to be hounded . " The said they would start selling the software , which they have n't yet priced , as soon as their online payment and customer service systems are ready . They 're also waiting for more information from their lawyers . Apple spokeswoman Jennifer Bowcock told CNN her company has no comment . AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said he could n't speculate on the legality of unlocking the phone , but he added , "  When you sign up , you 're signing a two-year contract . You 're obligated to pay the bill . " "  When people buy the iPhone it 's clear from our materials it 's designed to operate exclusively on AT&T , " Siegel said . Schulte , however , said it is possible to buy an iPhone without being contractually obligated to AT&T . The developers recently created a Web site -- iPhoneSIMfree.com -- but there is very little information on it and no direct way for anyone to purchase the software . Internet records showed they bought the domain name less than two weeks ago . Two members of the group , who identified themselves only as "  John " and "  Liu , " told CNN in a phone interview that a core group of six people on three continents worked to unlock the iPhone as a hobby . They said they are fans of Apple products who thought the iPhone should be made accessible to people who can not use AT&T . "  I 'm not in America and I ca n't use it , " said Liu , who would not reveal the country in which he lives . "  It 's not fair . " Asked if he thought modifying the iPhone was legal , he said "  That 's a very good question . I truly believe it is . " John and Liu said they have not been contacted by either Apple or AT&T , but said that could change the moment their software goes on sale . Earlier this month , a teenager figured out a way to unlock the iPhone , but his method required disassembly of the unit . E-mail to a friend	Software developed enabling Apple 's iPhone to be used on any phone network Device can currently only be used on AT&T network in the U.S. Anonymous developers plan to start selling program soon
CNN  -- A week before her death , South African model Reeva Steenkamp talked about her secure , blissful environment . "  I woke up in a happy , safe home this morning , " she tweeted . "  Not everyone did . " Four days after she posted that message , neither did she . The 29-year-old model was shot dead by her boyfriend at his house in Pretoria . She died on Valentine 's Day last year . Read More : Who is "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius ?	The striking , platinum-haired model was gearing up for her reality television debut "  What do you have up your sleeve for your love tomorrow ? " she tweeted day before death Before she started dating Pistorius , Reeva Steenkamp was famous in her own right
CNN  -- Facebook , where people love to discuss politics and complain about other people discussing politics , saw a huge surge in Election Day chatter on Tuesday . In a stunning nod to the power of social media in this election , Obama 's first public acknowledgment of victory was a post shared on Twitter and Facebook . It read "  Four more years " and included a photo of Barack and Michelle Obama hugging . That single post was the most retweeted in the history of Twitter  more than 700,000 times  , and on Facebook it raked in an astounding 3.5 million likes and almost 500,000 people shared it on their own Timelines . Over the course of the day , there were more than 71.7 million election related posts and comments on Facebook in the United States and 88.7 million around the world . According to Facebook 's internal Talk Meter , which measures how much buzz events get on the network , the election was the most talked about event in 2012 . It was especially popular among 25 - to 34-year-olds and in D.C. , Mississippi and Virginia . It was also a huge topic internationally . Canada , the United Kingdom and Australia were the top countries posting about the election . Obama was mentioned 10 million times on Facebook during Election Day . In just one hour , from 11 p.m. to 12 a.m. , he was mentioned 4.1 million times on Facebook -- more than Romney 's 4 million total for the entire day . Not everyone appreciates having political posts fill their Facebook feed . Heightened emotions have let to angry fights in comment threads , interfamily drama and unfriendings . The negativity has even caused some to declare they are leaving the social network for a while . Quitting Facebook is n't the only way to cut out the politics . You also can install tools that remove political posts automatically , such as the browser extensions Social Fixer or Noppl . Unpolitic.me will not only block the offending posts , it will replace them with the ultimate bipartisian animal , cats . Top Election Day terms on Facebook : 1 . Obama 2 . Vote / Voted 3 . Romney 4 . Election 5 . President 6 . Country 7 . Win / Wins 8 . Line 9 . Four More Years / 4 More Years 10 . Ohio Disgruntled voters threaten to leave the homeland The best Election Night tweets	Election Day inspired 71.7 million posts and comments on Facebook in the U.S. A photo of Barack and Michelle Obama hugging is the most-liked post of all time On Tuesday , more people talked about Obama than Romney on Facebook
London  CNN  -- Never underestimate the power of visualization . "  I was always dreaming about being the best in tennis , " said world No. 1 Novak Djokovic , who became the first Open era player to win three consecutive Australian Open titles after beating Andy Murray 6-7 7-6 6-3 6-2 in Sunday 's final . "  I remember as a kid , I was improvising and making little trophies out of different materials and going in front of the mirror , lifting the trophies and saying ` Nole was the champion ! ' " The 25-year-old claimed an unprecedented third straight title in Melbourne and cemented his place among the game 's all-time greats -- a feat all the more remarkable given the Serb 's upbringing amid conflict in the Balkans during the 1990s . "  We did n't have a childhood that is similar to some of our generation of tennis players because we grew up during the war . There was a lot of struggle , difficulty financially ... but we survived , " said Djokovic , referring to the three-year war which was the bloodiest in Europe since World War II . "  It was really hard to succeed and I have to thank God for the big support from my father and my mother and all the family , " added Djokovic , who spoke to CNN 's Open Court show during the Mubadala World Tennis Championship in Abu Dhabi , prior to the start of the season 's first grand slam in Australia . "  They believed in me and gave me hope when I was facing a lot of disbelief , a lot of doubts . Backed and also blessed with some impressive sporting genes -- father Srdjan and his uncle Goran were professional skiers -- Djokovic began his tennis odyssey at the age of four . "  I saw tennis on the TV and I saw the tennis court  near his parent 's restaurant in Kapaonik , southern Serbia  and my father brought me a small tennis racket . That 's when I think we all fell in love with the sport , " he explained . It was here that Djokovic caught the eye his first coach Jelena Gencic . "  I knew that Nole would be the best in the world . "  Somebody asked him : ` Hey , boy ! What do you want to be when you grow up ? '  And he would reply  : ` Be the first in pro-tennis . ' He was six years old . " That almost in-bred ambition and winning mentality has brought him win four grand slam titles over the past two seasons -- notably claiming his first Wimbledon title in 2011 and his third Australian Open crown in the marathon six-hour final in Melbourne 12 months ago . "  Pressure is a privilege in a way and a big challenge for every professional athlete , " said Djokovic . "  It 's just a matter of understanding it , and maturing as a player and getting that necessary experience to use it at the right moments to cope , " he says . "  It 's a privilege because it means that you are doing something that counts . And all my life I have been dreaming to be the best in what I do and my dreams came true . " Last year , from a psychological standpoint , Djokovic had a lot to cope with . Along with epic victories on court came a great loss off it with the death of his grandfather , Vladimir last April . Further emotional strain followed in October when his father was hospitalized for a serious respiratory infection . But there were also more welcome distractions on tour . Aside from his celebrity status -- which he enjoys -- and a legion of fans who give him "  a lot of energy , positive vibrations and love , " Djokovic plays mentor to his two brothers , 21-year-old Marko and Djordje who turns 18 in July . A regular presence in the crowd at grand slams , Djokovic 's brothers are now making their way in the game . "  They have great ambitions and I 'm happy and fortunate to be able to advise them on and off court with their game and with their psychology in some way if I can , " said Djokovic , who is all too aware of the weight of expectation on his siblings ' shoulders given their big brother is world No. 1 . "  Everybody expects them to play well and to do even better ... but each one has an individual path that they have to respect and I 'm trying to help . " As Djokovic concedes , having three brothers away from home , is hard for their mother Dijana . "  It 's definitely heartbreaking for  her  to see all three sons go away and none of us live in Serbia ... but  my parents  understand this is the life we have chosen and they respect our decision , " said the Australian Open finalist . While Djokovic continues to turn his childhood dreams into spectacular reality , it 's clear no matter where he finds himself in the world , his values and heart remain as close to home as ever . "  I try to stay humble as much as I can because I want to have the most important , most valuable people in my life around me like family and friends . They are the ones who actually keep me grounded and focused on what I do . "	World No. 1 talks to CNN 's Open Court about life at the top and his upbringing in Serbia Djokovic won a third straight Australian Open title on Sunday after beating Andy Murray Strong family bond key to success and mental strength says 25-year-old Serb "  I try to stay humble ... I want to have the most important , most valuable people in my life "
Mental Floss  -- 1 . Cordless tools Your life may be safer and more comfortable because of inventions that came from space research . As long as NASA was going to the trouble of sending Apollo astronauts to the moon , it figured it might as well equip them with drills and ask them to dig up rock samples when they got there . But realizing that a 239,000-mile extension cord would be impractical , NASA teamed up with Black & Decker to develop tools that featured rechargeable batteries and special low-power consumption motors , which should make your DustBuster seem a lot more impressive . 2 . Smoke detectors In the 1970s , NASA partnered with Honeywell Corp. to create a device that would detect smoke and toxic gases in Skylab , America 's first space station . The result was the first ionization smoke detector , using a minute amount of the radioactive isotope Americium-241 . This led to the 1979 introduction of inexpensive photoelectric detection devices , which go off when smoke  or sometimes a hot , steamy shower  blocks the light beam . To date , smoke detectors have saved countless lives here on Earth , but they 're especially useful in space , where running outside to wait for the fire truck is n't an option . 3 . Enriched baby food NASA-sponsored research has also helped make major improvements to commercially available baby food , and we 're not talking about freeze-dried strained peas . While testing the potential of algae as a food supply for long-duration space travel , a Maryland-based biosciences company discovered an algae additive that contains two fatty acids closely resembling those found in human breast milk . The company now uses it to make an enriched infant formula called Formulaid , thought to be essential for babies ' visual and mental development . 4 . New-age pavement When you buy a new set of tires , the old ones have to go somewhere , right ? Most of them end up in huge , flammable tire dumps , which may hold millions of old tires , each one containing about a quart of oil in the rubber . If a dump catches fire , however , it can burn with a thick , toxic smoke for weeks on end . But today , old tires are being put to good use . NASA 's experience in fuel-related cryogenics helped develop processes to freeze the tires to below -200 degrees Fahrenheit so that they crumble , separating the rubber from other materials and producing what 's called "  crumb . " This waste is recycled into several new products , including an ingredient used to pave highways , which means your new radial tires may someday be rolling over your old ones . 5 . Those cool ear thermometers Any parent knows you do n't take a baby 's temperature by sticking a glass thermometer in its mouth , but inserting it the other way is n't much fun , either . And what about the incapacitated patient who ca n't even say "  aaah " ? The Diatek Corp. of California wanted a safer way to take a person 's temperature , and who better to turn to than NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , the place with over 30 years of experience using infrared sensors to remotely observe celestial bodies ? Together , they developed a fast and accurate thermometer that , when its disposable probe cover  to prevent cross-infection  is inserted into the ear canal , detects infrared radiation from the eardrum and gives a digital readout in less than two seconds . 6 . Fast-acting dental braces Do your old-fashioned braces set off airport metal detectors ? Save yourself embarrassing strip searches by getting new ones . Many orthodontists now use ceramic braces that are bonded to the teeth and strung together with a thin , light wire made of NiTinol  nickel-titanium  , an alloy brought to you compliments of NASA . Because of its amazing ability to maintain its original shape , NiTi  as it 's known in the industry  provides space satellites with the ability to spring open after being cramped and contorted inside a rocket . But do n't think its capabilities are limited to space . When used in dental appliances , NiTi exerts a continuous force against the teeth to move in the right direction , eliminating the need for wire tightening , thus reducing a patient 's overall time in braces ... and much of the pain . 7 . Protective paint What do the Statue of Liberty , a gigantic Buddha in Hong Kong and the Golden Gate Bridge all have in common ? They 're protected by the American space program ... sort of . In the late 1980s , NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center began a research program to develop coatings for the Kennedy Space Center in Florida to shield the launch structures from salt-air corrosion , rocket exhaust and thermal stress . Applications of this material proved ideal for protecting structures like bridges , antenna towers and the occasional big Buddha . 8 .  Better  cardiac pacemakers Pacemakers have come a long way since their invention in 1950 . Far from the large , external contraptions used early on , modern pacemakers can self-adjust in most cases and even activate themselves when needed . But one of the most significant advances in pacemaker technology came in the 1970s , with the help of a NASA-developed system of communication called bi-directional telemetry , originally used to communicate with satellites . Siemens-Pacesetter , Inc. teamed with NASA to develop a similar telemetry system , which not only allows doctors to make changes to the unit 's function over time , but also updates them on how the device is interacting with the patient -- all without picking up a scalpel . 9 . Scratch-resistant glasses Thanks to NASA technology , plastic lenses for glasses last up to 10 times longer than they used to . That 's because its Ames Research Center created a scratch-resistant  read : extremely hard  coating to protect equipment from getting beaten up by space debris . Later , the Foster Grant Corp. acquired the license for the coating method and used it in their plastic sunglasses , which matched the hardness of glass lenses , but were much lighter . Among other uses , it 's now employed in most eyewear and industrial face shields . 10 . Oh-so comfy sneaker insoles Ca n't run a five-minute mile ? Do n't blame your sneakers . If they 're relatively new , they 're probably giving you quite a bit of help already . In the 1970s , many shoe manufacturers began replacing their standard foam rubber insoles with a new , highly shock-absorbent material -- one giant step for tennis shoes . The new kicks were padded with "  viscoelastic " bubbles that conformed to your foot and then returned to their normal shape when you took the shoes off . Turns out , they got the idea  and the technology  from NASA , which had developed the material to better cushion astronauts during blastoff . And one pop culture killer Despite popular theory , NASA did NOT invent Tang orange breakfast drink for the astronauts . It was introduced in 1957 by General Foods and was on grocery store shelves for years before NASA decided it worked well in space . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Several everyday items come from space program Cushions for astronauts leads to better shoes for us NASA communication system leads to better pacemakers Statue of Liberty protected by coating developed by NASA
Africa has indeed turned the corner . A continent once synonymous with death , disease and destruction is showing signs of improvement . Virtually unscathed by the global financial slowdown , the African continent boasts some of the fastest growing economies in the world . Nigeria , Ghana and Tanzania are some of the countries leading the way in this exclusive economic growth club . With a combined population size of 1 billion , 70 % under the age of 30 and an annual spend of $ 600 billion , the African continent is an attractive business proposition for any investor . It comes as no surprise then that the U.S. is making huge strides to accommodate Africans . Hosting one of the largest gatherings of African Leaders in Washington , the U.S. is showing the world -- and sending a signal to its closest rival , China -- that it can and will have African influence , which it can convert into commercial opportunities that can translate to receipts . Chinese dominance The acceleration of China across Africa has been breathtaking . A long standing business relationship with the continent has translated to huge trade volumes in excess of $ 200 billion in 2013 , doubling what the U.S. achieved in that same year . Read this : Twitter reacts to U.S.-African Leaders Summit Taking the world by surprise , a liberalized African continent voted with its feet changing suppliers -- re-affirming China 's dominance , with the U.S. fast closing the gap ; the Washington conference is confirmation of President Obama 's new ambition in making up lost ground . Challenges Security challenges facing the African continent are huge . Africa is by no means a picnic . The U.S. government will have to put security at the top of it agenda as American businesses expand operation across the African continent . Instability in Libya , Central African Republic and extremist Islamic groups can be a constant threat . Doing business in Africa will have its hazards ; the business environment can be harsh and unforgiving . Yet , despite these challenges , exceptional growth figures in Nigeria prove that despite repeated and sustained attacks by militant group Boko Haram , Nigeria is still considered a thriving hub for businesses worldwide . This week the presidents of Liberia and Sierra Leone canceled their planned trip to the summit amid the spread of Ebola virus . Good and affordable health care is a major concern for many Africans . As the Ebola virus spreads across West Africa , many Africans are relying on the U.S. to support failing and fragile health care structures in the areas of financing , technology and science as a bridge to halting the spread of this deadly virus . Bright future Today , the African continent boasts the second fastest growing region in the world , an average growth rate of 5 % and a large youthful work force . Job creation is still Africa 's biggest challenge -- there are too many people living in poverty earning less than a dollar a day . If President Obama can create real tangible jobs , then the U.S. can start to claw back China 's grip on the African continent -- whoever builds Africa 's infrastructure , provide cheap products for African markets and loans to support government initiatives will have influence over African affairs . If the U.S. pushes for better African governance , enforcement will be difficult . The usual carrot and stick approach will not be effective . If the U.S calls for trade opportunities to be linked to better , open and transparent democracies then it will be possible for U.S. businesses to make the commercial advances on the African continent . African leaders are very savvy and have a healthy understanding of geopolitics . They will leverage on multiple investors competing for African influence . African governments , unilaterally or as a block , will not hesitate to change suppliers and investors . The Chinese business model is seen by many Africans as hassle free . The Chinese relationship with African governments is one of mutual respect , not intrusive and with a minimal involvement in domestic politics . The Chinese model is still an attractive proposition for many African leaders . Hence , President Obama will have to tread carefully and not rock the African boat too hard . To his critics , President Obama has been accused of neglecting the African continent . But by hosting this African Leaders Summit , the U.S. President is starting to rediscover Africa . And with commitments of $ 33 billion in private and public assistance , President Obama is already winning the hearts and minds of a billion Africans . Read this : Twitter reacts to U.S.-African Leaders Summit More from African Voices	Africa Summit has confirmed U.S. ambition to make up lost ground in the continent It comes after a decade of breathtaking Chinese acceleration across Africa The continent holds big promise but unemployment , security and health scares are still challenges Job creation is key for the U.S. to claw back China 's grip on the African continent
CNN  -- A man stabbed four people aboard an Amtrak passenger train from Chicago , including the conductor , authorities said . The train was on its way to Port Huron , Michigan , when Amtrak called 911 on Friday night to report a passenger who appeared agitated , CNN affiliate WBND reported . It stopped in Niles , Michigan , where police responded to the scene , authorities said . By the time they arrived , the man had stabbed several people . The three men and one woman were hospitalized , but their condition was unavailable . One of the men was the conductor , the affiliate reported . The suspect is a 44-year-old from Saginaw , Michigan , according to the affiliate . It 's unclear what his motive was . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	The train was on its way from Chicago Report : Amtrak called 911 to report a man who appeared agitated It 's unclear what the motive was
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry summoned the U.S. ambassador Friday to protest a drone strike as the death toll from that attack rose to 44 , Pakistani intelligence officials said . The attack also unleashed tribal fury , with regional elders vowing revenge on the United States for the strike . Foreign Secretary Salman Bashir summoned Ambassador Cameron Munter to make a "  strong protest " regarding the Thursday drone strike in Pakistan 's remote tribal area , the Foreign Ministry said in a statement . Pakistan 's prime minister and a military leader have already made harsh statements about the attack . Two Pakistani intelligence officials said Friday the death toll had risen to 44 , and that the majority of the dead were civilians . Munter was told that such strikes are not only unacceptable but constitute "  a flagrant violation of humanitarian norms and law , " the ministry said . "  Pakistan should not be taken for granted nor treated as a client state , " the ministry said . Munter was also told that , under the current circumstances , Pakistan will not be able to participate in the upcoming trilateral meeting between Afghanistan , Pakistan , and the United States , scheduled for March 26 . Two intelligence officials said the drone fired two missiles on a jirga meeting in North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan . Tribal elders from the region where the drone strike happened vowed to take revenge on America , saying they will unleash their family members as suicide bombers because of the drone strike . "  Americans do n't spare us -- not our children , nor our elders , nor our younger , " Malik Jalal Wazir , a tribal elder from North Waziristan , said in news conference . "  That is why we have decided we will take blood revenge however we can . " A statement from the elders titled "  Announcement of Jihad against America " said , "  We have given permission to our loved ones to do suicide attacks against Americans . And we will take revenge so that Americans will remember it for centuries . " They added that the victims were civilians . "  None of the killed were linked to al Qaeda , " they said . The drone strike follows the controversial release of CIA contractor Raymond Davis , a U.S. agent acquitted of the double murder of two Pakistani men in Lahore after a total of $ 2.3 million was paid to the relatives of his victims . That incident had already fueled talks of protests in Pakistan . Based on a CNN count , Thursday 's suspected drone strike was the 18th of the year , compared with 111 in all of 2010 . U.S. officials rarely acknowledge publicly the CIA 's secret drone program in Pakistan .	Pakistan summons the U.S. ambassador to register "  strong protest " The death toll rises to 44 , two Pakistani intelligence officials say Tribal elders vow to take revenge on America for the strike Thursday 's suspected drone strike is the 18th so far this year
London  CNN  -- Prince William of Wales slipped a gold ring onto the finger of Catherine Middleton Friday , and the couple vowed to love , comfort , honor and to keep each other in London 's biggest royal wedding in three decades . Bells pealed over central London and flag-waving crowds roared in excitement Friday as Middleton arrived at Westminster Abbey to marry William , the second in line to the British throne . Middleton wore an ivory and white satin dress with lace sleeves and shoulders , designed by Sarah Burton of the Alexander McQueen fashion house . Royal wedding : The big day "  You look beautiful , " the prince told her as she arrived at the altar on the arm of her father Michael . William wore the uniform of a colonel of the Irish Guards , a scarlet jacket and blue sash , as his brother , Prince Harry , accompanied him into the abbey . Crowds cheered as his car drove the short distance from Clarence House to the abbey before the wedding , and they roared and waved as the newlyweds rode in an open carriage from the abbey to Buckingham Palace after the ceremony . Royal wedding : The dress A million people lined the wedding route , police said . The couple appeared before about half a million cheering supporters on a balcony of the palace and exchanged a quick kiss on the lips -- then pecked each other 's lips again a moment later . Royal Air Force jets then flew over the crowd and the palace in formation , the official climax of the wedding celebration . Royal wedding : Hats galore The prince and duchess went inside to a lunchtime reception for 650 people , hosted by Queen Elizabeth II . It featured an eight-tier wedding cake , the palace announced . They left about two hours later in an open-topped dark blue Aston Martin DB6 with a license plate reading "  Just Wed , " William at the wheel . The car is one Prince Charles has owned since 1969 and had converted in 2008 to run on biofuel made from English wine wastage , his office announced . A search and rescue helicoper flew past as the newlyweds left the palace . The couple will be known as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge following their marriage , the royal family announced shortly before the wedding -- thus avoiding giving the newest member of the royal family any title that would implicitly compare her to Diana , Princess of Wales . The most devoted monarchists arrived days before the event and camped out with Union Jacks on their clothes , tents and faces . Some traveled from as far away as Colombia . Up to half a million people who did n't get one of the 1,900 invitations to Westminster Abbey were expected to watch the event on giant screens at Hyde Park in central London . Kings , queens , priests and politicians began to arrive at the abbey shortly after 8 a.m. , with celebrities such as Sir Elton John and Olympic gold medallist Ian Thorpe among them . David Beckham arrived with his wife Victoria , with the soccer star sporting his OBE medal on the right lapel of his morning coat . Medals are traditionally worn on the left . Street parties are being held across the United Kingdom , while protests threatened by Muslim radicals , anarchists and anti-royalists largely failed to materialize . About 5,000 police officers are out on the streets , including 110 on horseback and 35 with sniffer dogs . London 's Metropolitan Police reported 45 arrests by the time the reception began , mostly for breaches of the peace . The world 's media have deployed even more resources than the police did , with at least 8,000 staff working in London for the event . British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt predicted the ceremony would be seen by an estimated 2 billion people worldwide . But the British themselves are lukewarm about the event , with just under half saying they were planning to watch it on television , and 56 % saying they were not interested . William announced his engagement to Middleton in November after proposing secretly in a rustic cabin in Kenya in October . He 's the older son of Prince Charles and the late Diana , Princess of Wales ; a grandson of Queen Elizabeth II ; a military search-and-rescue helicopter pilot and , by one recent measure , the most popular member of the royal family . Middleton is an art history graduate and the eldest child of self-made millionaires who run a party-supplies company . Widely known as Kate before her wedding , the bride has now asked that she be called Catherine , the royal family said in the run-up to the wedding . They met as college students at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland , sharing an apartment with a circle of friends before they began dating . She first caught his eye when she modelled in a student fashion show wearing a see-through dress over her underwear , British reports have said . The couple married at Westminster Abbey , where British monarchs are crowned , sometimes married , and often buried , alongside major figures from British history including Charles Darwin , Charles Dickens , Isaac Newton and George Frederic Handel . The guests included "  Mr. Bean " actor Rowan Atkinson , a personal friend of Prince Charles ; and former British Prime Minister John Major . But the guest list is as notable for who was n't on it as who was . Former Prime Ministers Tony Blair and Gordon Brown were not invited , leading to accusations that the royal family favors the Conservative party over Labour . Buckingham Palace responded that Major was invited not because he was a Tory but because he was appointed guardian of Prince William and his younger brother Prince Harry when their mother Diana died in a car crash in 1997 . Margaret Thatcher , a Conservative and the other living former prime minister , declined the invitation . She failed to appear at a Downing Street event in her honor last year because of ill health . U.S. President Barack Obama also was n't invited , raising some eyebrows . The royal family explained that as a matter of protocol , presidents were not invited . The U.S. ambassador to London was on the guest list , as were most members of London 's diplomatic corps . But Syria 's ambassador was uninvited just a day before the wedding in light of his government 's current crackdown on protesters . The Crown Prince of Bahrain , whose country is also clamping down on demonstrations , was invited but on Sunday decided not to attend . The controversies and the couple aside , the wedding was a very traditional British event in some respects . It included the Lord 's Prayer , hymns and Bible readings typical of English nuptials , and the always nervous moment when the priest asks that if anyone present knows of a lawful impediment to the marriage , he speak now or "  hereafter forever hold his peace . " Of course , the priest asking that question Friday was Rowan Williams , the Archbishop of Canterbury , the titular head of the worldwide Anglican church . And while it 's not unheard of for British weddings to include a singing of "  God Save the Queen , " this one was unusual in that the monarch in question was actually standing in the front row for it . William gave Middleton a ring of Welsh gold , but she did n't return the favour -- and she did not , in her vows , promise to obey him . Of course , if William does some day become king , Middleton will then presumably have to obey him . A ComRes poll for CNN when the engagement was announced in November found that just over half of British adults thought William would make a better king than his father Prince Charles , heir to the throne ; 58 % said Middleton would make a better queen than Charles 's second wife , Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall . But the online poll 's 2,015 respondents were split on the largely theoretical question of whether the crown should actually skip a generation and pass directly to William when his grandmother Queen Elizabeth dies . Forty-five percent said it should , while 41 % said it should not . CNN 's Carol Jordan and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : The royal newlyweds leave Buckingham Palace in an open-topped Aston Martin A million people line the wedding route in London , police say Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , kiss on the balcony of Buckingham Palace The prince says "  You look beautiful " as his bride arrives at the altar
FUMICINO , Italy  CNN  -- Under a canopy of elegant Italian pines , the foundations of a mini Roman Coliseum are at once unmistakable and exhilarating . The intricate statue head archeologists unearthed while excavating the site at Fumicino , Italy in early 2009 The structure at "  Portus , " the Romans ' ancient Mediterranean port , has remained undiscovered for eighteen centuries until now . University of Southampton archaeologists have just this summer uncovered the remains of an amphitheater , a Roman warehouse and the ruins of an Imperial palace even though archaeologists have been digging at this site since the 19th Century . "  It 's true I think also to say that we have kind of rediscovered it because the great Italian archaeologist Rodolfo Lanciani reported the discovery of a theater in the 1860s but nobody could actually find it , " says Professor Simon Keay , a leading expert on Roman Archaeology at the University of Southampton . Watch a report on the site 's discovery " "  There is only one imperial Rome , and Rome only had one imperial port and Portus is that port . In a sense it is trying to give an idea not only of the importance by virtue of that but also because the archaeological potential of it is huge , " adds Keay . The site is a feast for the eyes in the true Roman sense . Excavations have unearthed priceless treasures apart from the foundations of the amphitheater . See images of the site " An exquisite white marble head of a statue was found close to the site of the amphitheater . Experts believe it could be a bust of Ulysses or possibly a Greek sailor . Rare and finely carved fragments of columns have also been found . "  When we first started the project , everything you would have seen here was grass , a couple of trees , " explains Keay . "  We very nearly fell into a hole because we could n't actually see what we were doing . Clearly we have completely exposed this area and because these buildings are so big it is only by uncovering large areas of them that we can actually understand their function and their development , " says Keay . The site is ironically less than a mile from Rome 's modern transport hub , Fumicino International Airport , and this discovery owes more than a nod to modern technology . Using modern sensors , ground-penetrating radar and probes , researchers complied computer images of what lay beneath . They were dazzled by what modern technology revealed about the ancient past . "  So we then played around with it on the computer screen , we did a virtual reconstruction of it and amphitheater shape grew out of the screen and we knew that we were on to something very special , " says Keay . The excavations in Fumicino , Italy , just outside Rome , continue in a joint project named "  Portus " with the University of Southampton , the British School at Rome , The Italian Archaeological Superintendency for Ostia and the University of Cambridge .	Archeologists are excavating site in Fumicino , Italy , just outside Rome This summer found remains of amphitheater , warehouse , Imperial palace Rodolfo Lanciani reported discovery of theater in 1860 but no one could find it Finely carved fragments , white marble head of a statue also found at site
CNN  -- Publicly , New York Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez has maintained he never took performance-enhancing drugs from a clinic in Miami . But privately , he confessed he did , according to a story published Wednesday by the Miami Herald . Rodriguez reportedly admitted in late January to using steroids , facing prosecutors and federal agents who gave him immunity . The Miami Herald said it had reviewed a 15-page synopsis of Rodriguez 's meeting . "  Yes , he bought performance-enhancing drugs from Biogenesis of America , paying roughly $ 12,000 a month to Anthony Bosch , the fake doctor who owned the clinic , " the article stated . "  Yes , Bosch gave him pre-filled syringes for hormone injections into the ballplayer 's stomach , and even drew blood from him in the men 's room of a South Beach nightclub . ... " When contacted by CNN , a spokesman for Rodriguez , Ron Berkowitz , declined to comment on the report , which details Rodriguez 's involvement with the now-defunct Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami . According to federal officials , Bosch , the founder of that clinic , dispensed performance-enhancing drugs to professional baseball players and to impressionable high school athletes in South Florida and teenagers in the Dominican Republic . He surrendered to the Drug Enforcement Administration in August . The investigation led to the suspension of 14 players for violating the league 's drug policy . In addition to Rodriguez , Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun , the 2011 National League MVP , was suspended . Rodriguez was initially given a 211-game suspension . The penalty was later reduced to 162 games , but he still missed the 2014 season . A lawyer whose client is accused of conspiring with Bosch to distribute steroids to high school athletes issued a statement on the Miami Herald story . "  I can for your report confirm that the report by the Herald is accurate as to what Rodriguez said . I do n't have a dog in this fight . My client has no involvement with any major league players concerning the use of banned substances , " said attorney Frank Quintero . Rodriguez is eligible to return to the field with the Yankees for the 2015 season . CNN 's Jason Carroll , Ray Sanchez and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	The Miami Herald reports Rodriguez confessed behind closed doors in January He paid some $ 12,000 a month for performance-enhancing drugs , the newspaper says A spokesman for the New York Yankees slugger declines to comment
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish security forces barricaded the commercial center of Istanbul in an attempt to stop May Day celebrations from taking place in the city 's iconic Taksim Square . Police fired plastic pellets and used tear gas and water cannon in an attempt to disperse May Day demonstrators who tried to defy the ban and reach the city center . Protesters responded by throwing stones and bottles and shooting fireworks at riot police . Similar clashes erupted in the Turkish capital Ankara and the port city of Izmir . Turkish authorities went to great lengths to prevent people from gathering in Istanbul , Turkey 's largest city . Citing security threats by extremist groups , the government shut Istanbul 's subway system , stopped many commercial ferry services between the European and Asian halves of the city , and blocked vehicular traffic on some of Istanbul 's busiest roads . "  Intelligence units have received information that illegal terrorist organizations and their extensions are going to resort to violence against security forces . This situation would create circumstances that would not only disrupt public order and security but also seriously threaten the rights and freedoms of our citizens , " the Istanbul governor 's office announced in a written statement released Wednesday night . The governor 's office also justified the ban , arguing that May Day rallies would hurt Istanbul 's image as a tourist destination . "  Taksim Square and the surrounding area are not suitable for high attendance gatherings and demonstrations , " the governor 's office wrote . "  In Taksim vehicular and pedestrian traffic is intense and the area has great tourism potential with 24/7 tourist hotels , so negative developments in this area would negatively impact the country economy , tourism potential and the marketing image of our country . " But the shut-down of the city center left many foreign tourists bewildered , as police turned them away from barricades . Some visitors could be seen dragging suitcases through empty and barricaded streets in a confused search for hotels . "  Closed , " a police officer said , turning away an elderly European couple trying to enter Taksim Square . The sprawling pedestrian area was all but deserted throughout the day on Thursday , with the exception of security forces , a handful of journalists , and wandering flocks of pigeons . For decades , May Day , or International Workers Day , has been a day of tension between leftist Turkish labor unions and security forces . Taksim Square holds particular importance to leftist parties , because dozens of people were killed there in a May 1 , 1977 rally in which gunfire triggered a deadly stampede . In 2011 and 2012 , the ruling Justice and Development Party allowed leftist groups to rally in Taksim for the first time in decades . The gatherings were festive and peaceful , decorated with giant posters of those who died in 1977 . But in 2013 , the government banned the annual rally , sparking a day of violence that has spiraled into the most politically turbulent year of anti-government protests Turkey has seen in more than a decade . Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in power since his party first won parliamentary elections in 2002 . He frequently denounces his critics , accusing them of being terrorists bent on overthrowing his government . His supporters argue Turkey has grown more democratic during the Erdogan era . They point to his party 's sweeping victory in local elections last March , when Justice and Development Party candidates won at least 43 % of the national vote . "  We have moved away from a state that saw its citizens as a threat , " said Deputy Prime Minister Besir Atalay in a speech earlier this week . But many human rights groups and press freedoms organizations argue the Erdogan government has grown increasingly intolerant of public displays of dissent in recent years . This week , the U.S.-based human rights organization Freedom House downgraded classification of Turkey from "  Partly Free " to "  Not free . " "  Constitutional guarantees of freedom of the press and expression are only partially upheld in practice , undermined by restrictive provisions in the criminal code and the Anti-Terrorism Act , " Freedom House said . They also said , "  Turkey remained the world 's leading jailer of journalists in 2013 . "	Turkish authorities went to great lengths to prevent public gatherings in Istanbul They used tear gas and water cannon to disperse demonstrators who defied ban A ban last year led to a year of anti-government violence and demonstrations
A patient being treated at a Dallas hospital is the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , health officials announced Tuesday . The unidentified man left Liberia on September 19 and arrived in the United States on September 20 , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . At that time , the individual did not have symptoms . "  But four or five days later , " he began to exhibit them , Frieden said . The individual was hospitalized and isolated Sunday at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . Citing privacy concerns , health officials declined to release any details about how the patient contracted the virus or how he was being treated . "  I can say he is ill . He is under intensive care , " Dr. Edward Goodman of the hospital told reporters . Frieden declined to answer whether the patient is a U.S. citizen . He also declined to say , clearly , whether the patient is a man , although he referred to the person as "  he " on multiple occasions . "  The patient was visiting family members and staying with family members who live in this country , " he said at a news conference . However , the city of Dallas in a news release said the patient "  moved to Dallas from Liberia a week ago . " The patient is believed to have had a handful of contacts with people after showing symptoms of the virus , and before being isolated , Frieden said . A CDC team was en route to Texas to help investigate those contacts , and Texas Gov. Rick Perry will be in Dallas on Wednesday to hold a news conference . Crew members who transported the patient to the hospital have been isolated , the chief of staff for Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings told CNN . None have shown symptoms of the disease so far . The ambulance that carried the patient - ambulance # 37 -- was in use for two days after the transport but was adequately decontaminated , said Dallas city spokeswoman Sana Syed . "  I do want to stress that the paramedics followed national standards , as they do after each transport , in decontaminating the ambulance , " she said . "  The Dallas County health department has confirmed that paramedics did follow proper guidelines to avoid contaminating additional patients . " Frieden , too , sought to play down the risk to public health . There are currently no other suspected cases of Ebola in Texas . "  It 's a severe disease , which has a high-case fatality rate , even with the best of care , but there are core , tried and true public health interventions that stop it , " Frieden said . "  The bottom line here is that I have no doubt that we will control this importation or this case of Ebola so that it does not spread widely in this country , " he said . According to the CDC , Ebola causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which can affect multiple organ systems in the body and is often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat , each of which can be easily mistaken early on for other ailments like malaria , typhoid fever and meningitis . Ebola is spread by direct contact with someone sick with the virus . That means people on the patient 's flight are not thought to be at risk , as he did not begin to show symptoms until several days after arriving in the United States , Frieden said . He spoke about what 's being done at airports to help stop the spread of the disease . "  One of the things that CDC has done in Liberia , Sierra Leone , Guinea and Lagos , is to work with the airports ' authority so 100 % of the individuals getting on planes are screened for fever , " the director said . "  And if they have a fever , they are pulled out of the line , assessed for Ebola and do n't fly unless Ebola is ruled out . " He added , however : "  As long as there continue to be cases in West Africa , the reality is that patients travel , individuals travel , and , as appears to have happened in this case , individuals may travel before they have any symptoms . " How the virus spreads Ebola virus : 9 things to know about the killer disease A number of other Americans have been diagnosed with the disease in West Africa and then brought to the United States for treatment . The Ebola outbreak has been centered in the West African countries of Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , though there have been concerns about international air travel and other factors -- including the fact the symptoms might not appear until two to 21 days after one is infected -- may contribute to its spread . More than 3,000 people in West Africa have died after being infected with Ebola , according to a World Health Organization report from last week . The same report stated that there had been 6,553 cases of the virus overall , though the number is suspected to be much higher , given difficulties in tracking and reporting the disease . The reason Ebola is n't being stopped "  I have no doubt that we 'll stop this in its tracks in the U.S. . But I also have no doubt that as long as the outbreak continues in Africa , we need to be on our guard , " said Frieden .	Ambulance that transported patient was in service for two more days Crew that transported the patient to the hospital has been isolated "  I have no doubt that we 'll stop this in its tracks in the U.S , " CDC director says The patient recently arrived in the United States from Liberia
EW.com  -- The girl on fire is still burning bright ! Lionsgate 's hotly anticipated sequel "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " trounced the competition over its first weekend at the box office , pulling in an estimated $ 161.1 million . That gross handily beats the $ 152.5 million opening of "  The Hunger Games , " which opened in March 2012 , and it stands as the best November debut of all time ahead of "  The Twilight Saga : New Moon , " which bowed with $ 142.9 million in 2009 . Only three films have ever opened higher than "  Catching Fire " : "  The Avengers "  $ 207.4 million  , "  Iron Man 3 "  $ 174.1 million  , and "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 "  $ 169.2 million  . ` Hunger Games : Catching Fire ' : Test your smarts ! Many prognosticators  this one included  thought "  Catching Fire " might surpass "  Iron Man 3 's " opening earlier this year , but the superhero sequel had the notable advantage of 3-D ticket sales , and "  Catching Fire " fell short . Still , if estimates hold up when final grosses are released tomorrow , "  Catching Fire " will have bested "  The Dark Knight Rises " as the highest 2-D opener of all time .  "  Rises " pulled in $ 160.9 million during its opening weekend in 2012 . Even without 3-D appeal , "  Catching Fire " played very well on IMAX screens . The large-screen format accounted for $ 12.6 million of its domestic debut . "  Catching Fire " played to audiences in all four quadrants . Crowds over 25 and under 25 were evenly split , and although the film had more female viewers than males  59 percent vs. 41 percent  , more men turned out on opening weekend than for the original "  Hunger Games . " Females made up 61 percent of that film 's opening weekend audience . The passionate moviegoers who saw the film this weekend awarded the film an enthusiastic "  A " CinemaScore grade , which will yield great word-of-mouth as the film enters the lucrative Thanksgiving period next weekend . It seems likely that holiday business will help "  Catching Fire " surpass "  The Hunger Games ' " $ 408 million domestic total , but we 'll have to wait and see whether that actually happens . Review : ` The Hunger Games : Catching Fire ' Internationally , "  Catching Fire " is already doing double the numbers of "  The Hunger Games , " which pulled in $ 283.2 million overseas for a $ 691.2 million worldwide total . "  Catching Fire " grossed $ 146.6 million overseas in its first weekend from 63 territories , giving it a dazzling $ 307.7 million worldwide opening weekend . That 's up 45 percent from "  The Hunger Games ' " $ 211.8 million global debut -- a whopping $ 152.5 million of which came from the U.S. and Canada . "  Catching Fire , " which stars current It girl  and Oscar winner for last year 's "  Silver Linings Playbook "  Jennifer Lawrence , boasts a relatively slim budget compared to most mega-blockbusters . Lionsgate spent $ 130 million on the film -- a major increase from the original "  Hunger Games ' " $ 78 million budget . For context , here are the budgets for untested franchise launchpads that tried to get off the ground earlier this year : "  The Lone Ranger "  $ 215 million  , "  Jack the Giant Slayer "  $ 195 million  , "  Pacific Rim "  $ 190 million  , "  White House Down "  $ 150 million  , "  Turbo "  $ 135 million  . None of those films earned , in their entire domestic runs , what "  Catching Fire " earned in its first two days . "  Thor : The Dark World " spent its third weekend in second place , but fell 61 percent to $ 14.1 million , giving the $ 170 million Marvel film a $ 167.8 million total after three weekends . "  The Dark World " will probably surpass "  Thor 's " $ 181 million domestic total next weekend , but it now appears unlikely to endure much past the $ 200 million mark , which is somewhat disappointing given the Norse character 's "  Avengers " exposure . Fortunately , the superhero film is thriving overseas , where it 's earned $ 381 million after four weekends . Worldwide , the film has now earned $ 548.8 million . 10 swoon-inducing YA couples In third place , Malcolm D. Lee 's comedic sequel "  The Best Man Holiday " fell by a hefty 58 percent in its second weekend to $ 12.5 million . Though the film , which stars Taye Diggs , Regina Hall and Terrence Howard , dropped harder than expected -- especially given its exemplary "  A + " CinemaScore grade -- in its second weekend , "  Holiday " has already earned $ 50.4 million total , a great number considering it cost Universal just $ 17 million to produce . The studio has already ordered another "  Best Man " entry . Disney attempted to counter-program against "  Catching Fire " with the Vince Vaughn comedy "  Delivery Man " this weekend , but the plan did n't work out . "  Delivery Man " delivered just $ 8.2 million worth of ticket sales . Vaughn , who enjoyed a hot streak from 2005-2009 with films like "  Wedding Crashers , " "  The Break Up " and "  Couples Retreat , " has struggled at the box office as of late . "  Delivery Man " will join "  The Dilemma "  $ 48.5 million total  , "  The Watch "  $ 35.4 million  and "  The Internship "  $ 44.7 million  as under-performers on his filmography . Audiences , which were evenly split between men and women , gave the film a "  B + " CinemaScore grade . ` SNL ' recap : The odds are n't really in Josh Hutcherson 's favor Fifth place belonged to "  Free Birds , " which dipped 35 percent to $ 5.3 million in its fourth weekend . After an under-cooked opening weekend , Relativity 's Thanksgiving-themed animation has held up well as the holiday approaches , though it has still earned only $ 48.6 million against a $ 55 million budget . 1 . "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " -- $ 161.1 million 2 . "  Thor : The Dark World " -- $ 14.1 million 3 . "  The Best Man Holiday " -- $ 12.5 million 4 . "  Delivery Man " -- $ 8.2 million 5 . "  Free Birds " -- $ 5.3 million Two new openers made a splash in limited release . Disney 's animated princess movie "  Frozen " scored a cool $ 238,000 from one theater in Los Angeles , while the Judi Dench Oscar-contender "  Philomena " drew $ 133,700 from four locations . On Wednesday , "  Frozen " will move into about 3,600 locations  and provide the only real competition for "  Catching Fire " over the Thanksgiving frame  , while "  Philomena " will expand to about 500 venues . Check back next weekend to see how both films -- and newcomers "  Black Nativity " and "  Homefront " -- fare . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " trounced the weekend 's competition It earned an estimated $ 161.1 million Only three films have opened higher at the box office That sum also makes "  Catching Fire " the best November debut of all time
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- A top Ugandan opposition leader was arrested again Thursday during a "  walk to work " campaign to protest rising food prices and increased cost of living . Kizza Besigye was detained a day after he was freed on bail following another arrest . He spent the Easter holiday in detention . Besigye has vowed to "  walk to work " to protest every Monday and Thursday , contending the government is manipulating prices of fuel and other commodities . He has been arrested a number of times this month . During his latest arrest Thursday , men in civilian clothing smashed his car and pepper-sprayed him . He was then loaded in a police car . President Yoweri Museveni has warned that anyone taking part in the walk is breaking the law and will be prosecuted . The leader of the Forum for Democratic Change lost a February election to Museveni . The incumbent has led the east African nation for 25 years . Besigye , a former doctor to Museveni , lost previous presidential bids in 2001 and 2006 .	He has been arrested a number of times this year Besigye has vowed to "  walk to work " every Monday and Thursday The "  walk to work " campaign is to protest the high cost of living
CNN  A little under two years ago , Borussia Dortmund was a mere 90 minutes away from being crowned champion of Europe . The Champions League final against domestic rival Bayern Munich at Wembley on May 25 , 2013 did n't quite go to plan , but for a team that had won back-to-back German Bundesliga titles against the odds in the previous two seasons , there was still plenty to smile about . "  We will come back , maybe not to Wembley , but we will try to come back to another final , " Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp said after the final whistle . Fast-forward to February 2015 , and the club with such lofty ambitions finds itself bottom of a Bundesliga table it had previously been used to ruling . Seven of the players who graced the Wembley turf for Dortmund two seasons ago took to the field Wednesday against Augsburg -- a game that would prove to be the nadir of a so far disastrous campaign . Klopp 's men slumped to a 1-0 defeat at home to a side reduced to 10 men , with further salt rubbed into the wound by the fact that Augsburg had never before beaten Dortmund in its history . The latest defeat proved to be the tipping point , with fans at the Westfalenstadion finally venting their anger and frustrations after having stayed patient through previous setbacks . So much so that , after the match , a couple of Dortmund players were moved to publicly apologize to the supporters , with Mats Hummels speaking to them through the perimeter fence . Goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller went even further , scaling the fence to ensure a more intimate dialogue with the unhappy Dortmund fans . Confidence has drained away and , with every passing defeat against the underdogs of Hertha Berlin , Cologne and Mainz , Dortmund 's next win seems ever harder to secure . "  There 's no doubt that nerves play a part in our situation , " Klopp told the Dortmund website after Wednesday 's defeat . "  We need to bring them under control . " A club that finished the 2011-12 season as champion with just three losses to its name has now suffered 11 defeats from 19 games this term , with relegation from Germany 's top flight for the first time since 1972 a real possibility . What makes Dortmund 's decline even more galling is the ceding of dominance to Bayern , which has made a habit of poaching of its star players -- notably Mario Gotze and Robert Lewandowski . A talented team Admittedly , Dortmund have struggled with injuries this season , and Wednesday 's defeat by Augsburg brought further bad news on that front after Kevin Grosskreutz suffered a torn thigh muscle , ruling him out for the next six weeks . Even so , a team still boasting world-class talent such as Marco Reus and Hummels -- reported targets for some of the game 's biggest clubs -- should be sitting above the majority of teams in its division . "  We 're always chasing games , " bemoaned Hummels after the Augsburg setback . "  What 's missing is us taking the lead so that we can then sit back and play on the counter . We 're all aware that we 've got to fight in the next 15 games . " Surely Dortmund are too good to go down ? One only needs to take a quick glance at the Champions League to notice that on its day , the club can still prove to be a match for Europe 's best . Dortmund remains in Europe 's premier competition after topping a group also including Arsenal , Galatasaray and Anderlecht , with a 2-0 victory against the Gunners in September showcasing the side at its most fearsome . Without the pressures and trappings of the Bundesliga , Dortmund is a different beast altogether . Italian champion Juventus awaits in the last 16 , and you would not bet against Dortmund progressing to the quarterfinals . The same can not be said of its league clash with Freiburg Saturday . But CAN Dortmund go down ? Part of the problem is often acknowledging that there is , indeed , a problem . Klopp , in his own mild-mannered way , has refused to hit the panic button and has been under little pressure from the German media , while the club 's board has yet to publicly question the coach . The Dortmund fans , too , known as some of the most passionate in the world , have continued to voice their support . "  There are several stadiums with a great atmosphere in the world , but only a few who go wild like -LSB- Dortmund 's -RSB- when you are -LSB- struggling -RSB- , " Klopp said of the club 's fans in December . That was until Augsburg . Reports , meanwhile , have suggested that Dortmund will give Klopp -- who to some , given the resources at his disposal , has taken the club as far as he can -- until the end of the month to offer up signs of survival . Realization has struck that Dortmund 's quality alone will not be enough to turn things around and something has to change soon , with the one-month winter break failing to turn around its fortunes . If it does n't , the Dortmund team widely considered too good to go down may end up doing just that .	Borussia Dortmund sits bottom of the German Bundesliga table Dortmund 's most recent loss to Augsburg left its fans angry and frustrated The German club won back-to-back Bundesliga titles in 2011 and 2012
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- A Yemeni freighter has become the latest commercial vessel to be attacked in the pirate-plagued Gulf of Aden , a Kenyan maritime official said Tuesday . A French frigate shadows a commercial ship leaving Djibouti harbor on its way to the Gulf of Aden . The last contact with the ship was late last week , and it was unclear exactly when the hijacking took place , said Andrew Mwangura , the head of Kenya Seafarers Association . No further details about the ship , its crew or cargo were immediately available , said Mwangura , whose organization keeps tabs on the welfare of sailors captured by the pirates . Dozens of ships have been attacked in the Gulf of Aden by pirates based in largely lawless Somalia in recent months . This has led to calls from commercial ship owners for a military blockade along the coast of Somalia to intercept pirate vessels heading out to sea . Peter Swift , managing director of the International Association of Independent Tanker Owners , said stronger naval action -- including aerial and aviation support -- is necessary to battle rampant piracy in the region . Watch more about the growing piracy problem " At present , warships from a number of countries patrol an international maritime corridor , escorting some merchant ships and responding to distress calls in the area . But the navies involved say it is virtually impossible to patrol the vast sea around the gulf . Meanwhile , a spokesman for pirates holding a Saudi supertanker loaded with crude oil has told the BBC they have not set any ransom figure . He said the group has only spoken to intermediaries of the vessel 's owners but he described them as untrustworthy . The pirate identified himself using only one name , Daybad , when he spoke late Monday to the BBC . Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15 in their most audacious hijacking to date . The vessel is carrying two million barrels of crude oil worth about $ 100 million . Elsewhere , the head of U.S. military operations in Africa has said he does not have any evidence that Somali pirates are connected to al Qaeda . The Africom chief , Army Gen. William "  Kip " Ward , told The Associated Press Tuesday that the chaos off Somalia 's high seas is a reflection of the country 's political chaos . Asked about alleged connections between pirates and al Qaeda , he said : "  I think that 's a concern that we all would have . " But he added that he does n't have "  any evidence that pirates have links to al Qaeda . "	Last contact with the Yemeni freighter was late last week Dozens of ships have been attacked by pirates in the Gulf of Aden Report : No ransom figure yet for hijacked Saudi supertanker Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15
LEBANON , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A hostile crowd shouted questions and made angry statements Tuesday at a town hall meeting on health care in Pennsylvania led by Democratic Sen. Arlen Specter . Sen. Arlen Specter , left , answers questions Tuesday during a forum in Lebanon , Pennsylvania . The meeting drew an overflow of about 250 people , with more gathered outside the hall to demonstrate for and against President Obama 's push to expand health insurance for 46 million people without coverage while bringing down costs . It was the latest in a series of emotional public meetings on the health care issue that have prompted Obama and Democratic leaders to complain of a campaign by opponents to drown out the debate with unruly disruptions . At one point , Specter shouted into his microphone that demonstrators disrupting the proceedings would be thrown out . "  We 're not going to tolerate any demonstrations or any booing , " he said after one audience member shoved another making an unsolicited speech . "  So it 's up to you . " Watch the shouting and shoving " Many in the crowd identified themselves as conservative Republicans , with one man noting they had voted for Specter before the senator switched parties this year . One woman prompted a standing ovation by telling Specter : "  I do n't believe this is just health care . This is about the systematic dismantling of this country . ... I do n't want this country turning into Russia , turning into a socialized country . What are you going to do to restore this country back to what our founders created , according to the Constitution ? " See a comparison of different countries ' plans " Specter responded by noting his support for the Constitution as a past chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee on issues such as warrantless wiretaps . "  When you ask me to defend the Constitution , that 's what I 've been doing , " Specter said . Specter said that overhauling the health care system is about America taking care of all of its people . "  In our social contract , we have provisions that see to it that you take care of people who need some help , " he said . Several people asked if a health care bill would mean taxpayer dollars would pay for others to get abortions . Specter responded that any measure passed by Congress would allow people to choose a plan that did n't cover abortions . The senator agreed with the crowd on some issues , saying he opposes mandatory counseling on end-of-life issues called for in a House of Representatives version of health care legislation . Specter also vowed he would never support any bill that increased the federal deficit or took away a person 's right to choose their health care coverage . "  I am opposed to anybody making a decision for you or me or anybody else about what health care plan we should have , " he said . Emotions ran high , with questioners complaining of government intrusion in their lives on health care and other issues . One man implored Specter and the government to "  leave us alone , " while another said the message Specter should take back to Washington is that he and others "  want our country back . " The shoving incident occurred early in the 90-minute session when a man started shouting that he had been told by Specter 's staff that he could speak , but he did n't get one of the 30 cards distributed to people allowing them to ask questions . Another man stood up and shoved the protester , and Specter approached the men shouting for calm . "  You and your cronies in government do this kind of stuff all the time , " the protester shouted before leaving the hall . "  I 'm not a lobbyist with all kinds of money to stuff in your pockets . I 'll leave you so you can do whatever the hell you do . " Specter remained calm most of the time , except when a woman asked if the bill meant a 74-year-old man with cancer would be written off by an overhauled health care system . "  Nobody 74 is going to be written off because they have cancer , " he responded angrily . "  That 's a vicious , untrue rumor . " See an overview of the issue " One man defended the rowdy behavior of the audience . "  I do n't think we have bad attitudes , " he said . "  We 're just being Americans . " iReport.com : Attending a town hall ? Specter said he would vote against all the provisions he said he opposed in the town hall meeting , but he dodged the question of whether he would vote against a final bill if it still contained those provisions . The senator also tried to inject some humor , making sure to thank the lone person among the 30 questioners who supported the health care overhaul . Obama has said an overhaul is essential for long-term economic stability . Congressional action has slowed due to strong Republican opposition . Neither the House nor the Senate met Obama 's goal of passing a bill before Congress ' August recess . Watch how Obama is preparing for his own town hall " In particular , Republicans and some Democrats reject a government-funded public health insurance option , arguing it would lead to a government takeover of the health care system . Most Democrats want a public option to ensure coverage is available to virtually all Americans and provide competition to private insurers .	Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania addresses raucous crowd 's concerns One man storms out after he says he failed to obtain card allowing him to speak Senator angered by "  vicious , untrue rumor " that sick seniors will be "  written off "
CNN  -- Chicana author Sandra Cisneros is perhaps best-known for her 1984 coming of age novel , "  The House on Mango Street , " a story about a young Latina who leaves behind her barrio for a chance at a better life . The novel , also released in Spanish , has sold more than 4 million copies and is a considered a classic of Chicano literature . But not everyone is a fan , specifically the Tucson Unified School District in Arizona , which banned Cisneros ' book in its suspension of its Mexican-American studies program . It still bewilders Cisneros and her fans : How can a character who spends most of her time at the library and shares her experiences with her mother and blind aunt offend a school district ? Cisneros is on a national book tour this month for "  Have You Seen Marie ? " a tale about a woman 's search for a cat who goes missing in the wake of her mother 's death . It 's a fable for grieving grown-ups , and at less than 100 pages , she hopes the book will be medicine for hearts broken from loss . California-based artist Ester Hernandez , known for her depiction of Latina and Chicana women through prints and pastels , represented the unique and colorful characters , all based on Cisneros ' neighbors . They make up the quirky King William district of San Antonio , Texas , where the story is based . Cisneros tell us what inspired the tale , why she is planning a move to Mexico and how she feels about her famous book being banned . CNN : What inspired you to write "  Have You Seen Marie ? " Cisneros : I was working on the 25th anniversary tour of "  The House on Mango Street . " I wanted to make a small book that people could have or give to someone in a place of grief . My mother had just passed , but I still felt the need to create something . My friend and artist of the book , Ester Hernandez , had just lost her mother too , and I proposed that she join me , and she very reluctantly joined the project . CNN : What do you want your readers to take away after reading this book ? Cisneros : I hope that they understand that when they are in a time of grief , there is something to be gained during the time , even though we tend to focus on what we 've lost . But when you have your heart broken wide , you are also open to things of beauty as well as things of sadness . Once people are not here physically , the spiritual remains , we still connect , we can communicate , we can give and receive love and forgiveness . There is love after someone dies . CNN : Were you surprised to hear that "  The House on Mango Street " was the list of banned books in Arizona ? Have you ever considered yourself a controversial writer ? Cisneros : Gosh , no ! I do n't think they read the books . They just eliminated the entire whole Mexican-American studies without thinking . It should be called American studies , and all the books should be re-introduced . Then there would be less of an uproar . The fact that there is a hyphen there tells you a lot about our times . And our whole relationship with Mexico , which has always been very controversial , especially now . CNN : There has been talk about you wanting to improve your Spanish ; is that true ? And por qué ? Cisneros : What 's always a challenge for me is that my Spanish is not the level of my English . Nor do I read in Spanish the way I read in English . I want my Spanish to be like that of a newscaster . ... That 's a different kind of Spanish . I feel comfortable in Spanish , I chat like a parrot , but I do n't have the confidence in Spanish that I do in English . I 'm perfectly fine in the mercado , and I can make people laugh and tell a story , but my vocabulary is limited . For example , I do n't know the Spanish word for "  contractor . " But I 'm going to Mexico to live for a year ! This is the first time I 'm going to live there . I just need to be in an environment where all I hear is Spanish . CNN : There 's a lot of debate of whether or not knowing Spanish makes you a "  less Latino . " How do you feel about that ? Cisneros : It does n't make you less . You are just missing out on one of your senses if you do n't have the language . It 's like not having any taste buds . You are missing out on the pleasure of Latino food . The more you speak more languages , the more you understand about yourself . It 's like being blind . You are n't less of a person , but you 're missing out on wonderful things . CNN : Finally , what you are reading right now ? Cisneros : I 'm read essays , poetry , fiction , art books and more all at the same time ! On my various bookshelves in my home are : "  The Five Acts of Diego Leon : A Novel " by Alex Espinoza ; "  The Distance Between Us " by Reyna Grande and "  What You See in the Dark " by Manuel Munoz ; "  I  Heart  Babylon , Tenochtitlan and Ysteléi " by Richard Villegas Jr. ; "  Slow Lightning " by Eduardo Corral and "  Looking for The Gulf Motel " by Richard Blanco . And I just finished Marie Arana 's "  American Chica : Two Worlds , One Childhood . " Is that a lot ?	Chicana author Sandra Cisneros wrote a new book , "  Have You Seen Marie ? " Her book "  The House on Mango Street " was banned from Tucson schools Cisneros is planning to move to Mexico for the first time "  I just need to be in an environment where all I hear is Spanish , " she said
CNN  -- The defense attorney appointed to represent an Alabama professor accused of shooting her colleagues said Friday he regrets describing her as "  wacko . " But at a news conference , Roy Miller said "  something 's wrong with this lady . " He also said his client , Amy Bishop , is "  aware of what she 's done and she 's very sorry for it . " Bishop is under suicide watch in jail , Miller said . In an interview Thursday with CNN affiliate WHNT after visiting Bishop , Miller said , "  I just think the case speaks for itself . " He added , "  I think she 's wacko . " At Friday 's news conference , he referred to that remark . "  Good lord , y' all , " Miller said . "  Listen , I went overboard with that . When I talk to y' all I make statements ... I wish I had n't have made . And probably that 's one of them . " He added that he was trying to imply that the facts of the case "  speak for themselves . " Bishop told him she does not remember the incident , Miller said . But now , "  she knows she 's killed some folks , I 'm sure . " The biology professor is charged with capital murder and three counts of attempted murder in the shootings at the University of Alabama in Huntsville last week . At the end of a biology department faculty meeting at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , Bishop suddenly "  just stood up and shot , " a professor who survived the incident told CNN affiliate WAAY . Three of Bishop 's colleagues were killed ; three others were wounded . Bishop , a Harvard-trained geneticist , had recently been denied tenure . Bishop , a professor and researcher at the university , was arrested as she was leaving the building . A 9 mm handgun was found inside , on the second floor . A university spokesman , Ray Garner , identified the dead as Gopi Podila , chairman of the biological sciences department ; Maria Davis , associate professor of biology ; and Adriel Johnson , associate professor of biology . Miller said his client is "  trying to keep from cracking up down there emotionally , " and is worried that if she breaks down , officials in the jail might think she 's going to commit suicide . Discussing his client 's mind , he said that doctors of biology "  have got , in my estimation , high IQs -- and the high IQ in my opinion is sometimes not good for people . " He said Bishop sometimes is "  so focused on the mental basis " that she "  does not know what 's going on around her . " He said he believes the case will boil down to Bishop 's mental state at the time of the killings . In the wake of the shootings , information came to light about previous run-ins with the law Bishop had . She faced criminal charges after an altercation at a Massachusetts restaurant nearly eight years ago , police said . The police report says Bishop became furious that there was no booster seat available for her child , began screaming at the woman who had taken the last one and struck her in the head . Authorities previously have said Bishop , who is also known as Amy Bishop Anderson , fatally shot her brother in the family 's Braintree , Massachusetts , home in 1986 . The shooting was ruled accidental , but after a review of the incident after the Alabama shootings , Norfolk County District Attorney William Keating issued a statement saying that probable cause had existed in 1986 to charge Bishop with assault with a dangerous weapon , carrying a dangerous weapon and unlawful possession of ammunition . However , the statute of limitations on those charges has expired , as well as on a potential charge of "  wanton and reckless conduct " -- the lowest standard for manslaughter in Massachusetts , Keating said . In addition , the Boston Globe reported Monday that Bishop and her husband , Jim Anderson , were questioned in the 1993 attempted mail bombing of a Harvard Medical School professor . Jim Anderson said on Monday that federal investigators had gathered "  a dozen subjects " in the attempted bombing , but "  there were never any suspects . Never anyone charged , never anyone arrested . Then five years later , we got a letter from the ATF saying , ` You are in the clear . ' "	There 's "  something wrong with this lady , " attorney Roy Miller says Lawyer told reporters he regrets calling client Amy Bishop "  wacko " Bishop charged with murder in killings of three University of Alabama colleagues She allegedly opened fire at faculty meeting last week
Cairo  CNN  -- The Arab League agreed on a path forward in Syria on Sunday that instructs President Bashar al-Assad to delegate powers to his vice president following the formation of a national unity government . The Syrian government roundly rejected the plan , which it views as "  blatant intervention in its internal affairs , " Syria 's official SANA news agency reported soon after the announcement . The Arab League called for the government to start a dialogue with the opposition within two weeks and for the new government to be formed within two months . The unity government should within three months prepare to elect a council that will write a constitution , the Arab League said . It should also prepare for parliamentary and presidential elections . The plan , details of which were announced by Qatari Foreign Minister Hamad bin Jassim Al Thani at a press conference in Cairo , is the clearest statement yet from the Arab League on what the league 's member states would like to see happen in Syria . It remains unclear what weight , if any , the proposal will carry on the ground . "  The president will delegate his first vice president the full power to work with the national unity government to enable it to perform its task in the transitional period , " the foreign minister said . The Arab League will take its initiative , which does not back military intervention in Syria , to the United Nations in a bid to build international support . The organization also said it would extend its monitoring mission in Syria and increase the number of observers there . The mission was scheduled to end last Thursday . It was not clear whether Syrian officials would accept the offer . Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby said the Syrian government has not complied with some parts of an Arab League agreement aimed at ending a violent crackdown on protesters . Syrian officials are treating the crisis as a security problem , he said , noting that armed opposition factions controlling some areas made it difficult for observers to do their jobs . But Arab League monitors have seen some aspects of the situation improve , he said . "  The presence of the Arab monitors provided security to opposition parties , which held an increase in number of peaceful protests ... in the areas where the monitors were present , " el-Araby said . Before el-Araby 's statement , Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister said his nation planned to withdraw its members of the observer team , according to an Arab League official . Prince Saud al-Faisal told Arab League foreign ministers that "  Syria did not comply with the Arab resolution plan , " according to the Arab League official , who asked to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak to the media . Earlier Sunday , a five-nation committee led by Qatar requested a one-month extension of the mission from the foreign ministers of the league 's 22 member states . The committee made its request after reviewing a report submitted by Sudanese Lt. Gen. Mohammad Ahmad al-Dabi , head of the league 's monitoring mission in Syria . Before leaving Damascus for the meeting in Cairo , al-Dabi said the mission of the monitoring group is "  not to stop the killing and violence in Syria but to investigate the Syrian government 's execution of the article of the Arab plan aimed at solving the Syrian crisis . " The Arab League has called on President al-Assad 's regime to stop violence against civilians , free political detainees , remove tanks and weapons from cities and allow outsiders , including the international news media , to travel freely in Syria . Senior Arab League diplomats said the Syrian government has not accepted or rejected the possibility of a one-month extension . Some worry the observers have n't been allowed to see the full situation in Syria . "  The Arab monitors indicated that the regime did not follow protocol , did not release the detainees , did not remove all military tanks , did not allow press to travel freely , did not recognize even once the peaceful protests , and the massacre of Idlib yesterday is proof of that . The regime let down the Arab League , and Arab nations have the responsibility to respond , " said Burhan Ghalioun , head of the opposition Syrian National Council . He spoke to reporters in Cairo following the Arab League announcement , calling for the protection of civilians in Syria , describing U.N. cooperation as vital and stressing the need for Al-Assad to resign . "  Any serious entrance of an interim period must start with al-Assad announcing his stepping down , " he said . The presence of Arab League monitors in the country has n't quelled daily reports of deadly violence . At least 59 people were found dead across Syria on Saturday , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition activist group . They include 30 unidentified corpses found at the National Hospital in Idlib and at least 16 dead from a bus explosion in northwestern Syria 's Idlib province . CNN can not confirm the claims by opposition groups of violence and deaths , as Syria 's government has limited access by foreign journalists . For more than 10 months , Syria has been engulfed by an anti-government public uprising and a brutal security crackdown against protesters . The United Nations last month estimated well over 5,000 deaths since mid-March . Opposition groups estimate more than 6,000 people have died . While activists blame the violence on al-Assad 's regime , the government says terrorists have been responsible for the bloodshed . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Joe Sterling and Samira Said contributed to this report .	NEW : The Syrian government rejects the proposal , SANA reports The opposition Syrian National Council says President al-Assad should step down The Arab League will take its plan to the U.N. in a bid to build support The unity government should prepare for elections , the Arab League says
CNN  -- Shia LaBeouf says he is n't famous anymore , but actually he 's rarely been in a brighter spotlight . For the past several weeks , the 27-year-old actor has gotten more than his fair share of publicity thanks to a rash of bizarre behavior , from his reaction to allegations of plagiarism to his recent stunts at the Berlin Film Festival , where Lars von Trier 's "  Nymphomaniac -- Volume 1 " premiered Sunday . At a news conference to promote the sexually explicit film , LaBeouf answered just one question before abruptly walking out of the room 10 minutes after the event began . According to reporters present in Berlin , LaBeouf was asked to describe what it 's like to do a movie that includes so many sex scenes . In response , the former child star quoted French soccer player Eric Cantona : "  When the seagulls follow the trawler , it is because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea . " As the room tried to make sense of his answer , LaBeouf made his exit . And that was just the prelude . Later on at the "  Nymphomaniac " premiere , LaBeouf showed up on the red carpet wearing a tuxedo and a paper bag over his head . As if that was n't eye-catching enough , the mask , which was outfitted with two holes for his eyes , had "  I AM NOT FAMOUS ANYMORE " scrawled on it in black marker . To LaBeouf 's fans , that line is all too familiar . He 's tweeted the phrase , in all caps , every day since January 20 . Making this situation even more curious are the series of events that led up to his "  NOT FAMOUS " proclamation . In December , LaBeouf was hit with allegations that he plagiarized author Daniel Clowes ' work for his short film , "  HowardCantour.com , " and the actor soon copped to using Clowes ' art without proper credit . "  I f **** d up , " he said at the time in a tweeted statement . "  In my excitement and naivetÃ © as an amateur filmmaker , I got lost in the creative process and neglected to follow proper accreditation ... I 'm embarrassed that I failed to credit @danielclowes for his original graphic novella Justin M. Damiano , which served as my inspiration ... I was truly moved by his piece of work & I knew that it would make a poignant & relevant short . I apologize to all who assumed I wrote it . " A few days after that statement , however , LaBeouf started taking the concept to extremes . He began responding to the vitriol online with more plagiarism , borrowing from mea culpas by Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg , UK Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and even "  Nymphomaniac " director von Trier . In January , LaBeouf literally took his apologies to a higher level , hiring an airplane to sky write "  I am sorry Daniel Clowes " in Los Angeles . Before anyone could figure out what LaBeouf was really up to -- there were rumors that his strangeness was actually performance art -- he announced that he was retiring . "  In light of the recent attacks against my artistic integrity , I am retiring from all public life , " he said on January 10 . "  My love goes out to those who have supported me . " Of course , it appears that LaBeouf has a very different definition of what it means to be retired . Not only is the actor still as publicly visible as ever , but he 's also still accepting movie roles . The former "  Transformers " actor has been cast alongside Bill Murray in "  Rock the Kasbah . "	Shia LaBeouf 's appearance in Berlin has brought him increased attention The actor walked out of a news conference and wore a paper bag on his head He 's done this while also proclaiming that he 's "  not famous anymore " His stunts in Berlin follow weeks of odd behavior
CNN  -- Why was Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 flying over war-torn eastern Ukraine ? "  We , along with hundreds of other airlines , have flown that route safely for quite some time , " Hugh Dunleavy , commercial director for Malaysia Airlines , told CNN 's Saima Mohsin over the weekend . "  Primarily we flew that route because we were advised that this was a safe corridor and there would be no incidents . " Dunleavy said the plane , which was traveling from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur , adjusted its altitude on its way across Europe under the direction of air traffic control . Now , he said the airline is reassessing the route it uses for that flight . And since Thursday 's crash , commercial airlines that usually cross eastern Ukraine on their flights to Europe , Asia and elsewhere have been detouring away from the volatile region . But far beyond Ukraine 's borders , analysts say the incident could pave the way for new guidelines for how close planes can fly to conflict zones . "  The rules in aviation are written in blood , or a tombstone mentality if you like , " CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said . "  What happens is , people die , and things get safer . " David Soucie , a CNN safety analyst and former FAA safety inspector , said the situation highlights the need for change in an antiquated system that has what he calls a "  flaw in the evaluation of the risk . " Eight unanswered questions "  There had been aircraft shot down just prior to this , " Soucie said . "  Someone should have taken action . " Last week Eurocontrol , the agency responsible for coordinating European airspace , said Ukrainian authorities had closed airspace in the region below 32,000 feet , but it was open at the level Flight 17 was flying  33,000 feet  . "  There 's a lot of questions to be asked in a lot of different places , " O'Brien said . "  Malaysia , for example , what about the airline policy ? What did they inform crews and flight dispatchers about flying through that particular part of the world ? And why did n't government officials close off that airspace completely ? 32,000 feet , that 's a completely arbitrary number . " The president of Dubai 's Emirates airline is calling for an international meeting of carriers to come up with a response to the downing of the plane , Reuters reported on Sunday . The U.N. 's International Civil Aviation Organization ca n't close airspace , Emirates President Tim Clark told Reuters , "  but they can issue advisories and they may be a little more active . " And national regulators "  may start getting involved a little more than they have , " Clark said , according to Reuters . "  They have perhaps left airlines to their own devices . " The airline chief 's comments are a good sign that changes soon could be in the works , O'Brien said . Les Abend , a CNN aviation analyst and commercial pilot , said before last week 's crash , pilots were n't worried about missiles hitting planes they were flying . "  None of us , I think , would have conceived that kind of devastation from a surface-to-air missile , " he said . "  Evading missiles  is  not part of our training . That 's just something that 's not in our vocabulary at this point and time . " But now , he said , guidelines for pilots will likely change . "  Now we 've got a new threat that we 've got to deal with , " he said . "  Now we 've lost lives . " Malaysia Airlines retires flight number , offers full refunds Who were the victims ? CNN 's Poppy Harlow contributed to this report .	Malaysia Airlines executive on plane 's route : We 've flown it safely "  for quite some time " Now , he says , the airline is reassessing the route Analysts say the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 could lead to new guidelines
CNN  -- New Orleans Saints running back Reggie Bush announced Tuesday that he would forfeit the Heisman Trophy he won in 2005 when he was at the University of Southern California . "  I will forever appreciate the honor bestowed upon me as a winner of the Heisman , " Bush wrote in a statement released by his pro team , the New Orleans Saints . "  While this decision is heart-breaking , I find solace in knowing that the award was made possible by the support and love of so many . Those are gifts that can never be taken away . " Bush , who skipped his senior season at USC to enter the National Football League draft , has been under a cloud since an NCAA investigation led to harsh sanctions against his alma mater . The investigation found that two would-be sports agents lavished gifts on the star and his family and that at least one member of the Trojans coaching staff knew about it . The NCAA gave the school four years of probation , forced it to vacate its last two wins of the 2004 season , including the 2005 Orange Bowl , and all of its wins in 2005 . The school is banned from bowl games in 2010 and 2011 and can not associate itself with Bush . Additionally , running backs coach Todd McNair has been banned from off-campus recruiting . The punishments were announced in June . "  The persistent media speculation regarding allegations dating back to my years at USC has been both painful and distracting , " Bush said in a statement released by the Saints . "  In no way should the storm around these allegations reflect in any way on the dignity of this award , nor on any other institutions or individuals . Nor should it distract from outstanding performances and hard-earned achievements either in the past , present or future . " The NCAA ruled that Bush lost his eligibility to play college football in December 2004 . The Heisman Trophy Trust , which administers the award , has been conducting its own investigation . From December 2004 , the sports agents , who were hoping to represent Bush in the NFL draft , allegedly paid for hotel rooms , rent on a home where Bush 's family lived and a limousine ride to accept the Heisman in December 2005 . But such payments are not allowed under NCAA rules . In his statement , Bush said he wanted to turn "  a negative situation into a positive one by working with the Trustees to establish an educational program which will assist student-athletes and their families avoid some of the mistakes that I made . " "  I am determined to view this event as an opportunity to help others and to advance the values and mission of the Heisman Trophy Trust , " he said . The Heisman "  recognizes the outstanding college football player whose performance best exhibits the pursuit of excellence with integrity , " according to the award 's website . "  Winners epitomize great ability combined with diligence , perseverance and hard work . " Bush helped lead the Saints to their first Super Bowl victory during the 2009-2010 season .	NCAA investigation : Reggie Bush received payments , gifts while playing at USC Investigation led to harsh sanctions against University of Southern California Star says he wants to help young athletes "  avoid some of the mistakes I made "
CNN  -- "  Breaking Bad , " which returns for its fifth and final season July 15 , is one of those shows that deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as "  The Sopranos , " "  The Wire " and "  Mad Men " when discussing the greatest TV series of all time . Last season 's explosive finale saw Walter White  Bryan Cranston  , the teacher-turned-meth-maker , kill his boss , drug kingpin Gus Fring , in a horrific , jaw-dropping act that will surely go down as one of the best assassinations in TV history . The moment sets expectations incredibly high for these final 16 episodes , which will air in two parts  the final eight episodes will premiere in the summer of 2013  . When creator Vince Gilligan first pitched the show , he described it as "  a story about a man who transforms himself from Mr. Chips into Scarface . " But how do you turn a straight-laced chemistry teacher into a cold-blooded crank cooker and one of TV 's most compelling characters ? After rewatching all 46 episodes , we highlight 10 key moments that show how Walter White discovered his inner Tony Montana  actually , his inner Heisenberg . More on that .  . As each moment unfolds , Walt uses twisted rationalizations to justify his actions , which grow more calculating and manipulative as the series progresses . It 's the same sort of manipulation game Gilligan and company are playing with viewers , who first feel sympathy for Walt , but by the end of the fourth season are forced to re-evaluate their loyalties . If you 've never watched the show and plan on catching up , consider yourself warned : What follows is an entire list of spoilers . So what caused a seemingly average family man and teacher to break bad ? Let 's begin with ... 1 . The cancer diagnosis  Pilot , season 1 When Walter discovers he has terminal lung cancer , he decides to cook meth to provide money for his family after he 's gone . Even though Walt has the brains , he does n't know squat about the drug business . When he and his partner , former student Jesse Pinkman  Aaron Paul  , attempt to sell their first batch to drug dealers Krazy-8 and his cousin , Emilio , it leads to a hilarious and heart-pounding scene that opens the pilot episode and ends with ... 2 . Krazy-8 in the basement  "  Cat 's in the Bag ... " season 1 To avoid being shot by the two dealers , Walt kills them with a chemical gas . Krazy-8 survives , Emilio does n't . He 'll be first of many deaths directly and indirectly connected to Walt . Because Walt does n't have the heart to kill Krazy-8 , he keeps him trapped in the basement with a bike lock around his neck . With each passing day , Walt grows weary of killing Krazy-8 , especially when he realizes that Krazy-8 may have sold him a baby crib when the dealer worked at his father 's furniture store as a teen . It 's only when Walt realizes that Krazy-8 plans to kill him with a plate shard that he gets up the nerve to choke him . Walt realizes he 's not cut out for the drug trade . But then ... 3 . Pride gets in the way  "  Gray Matters , " season 1 When his wife  Anna Gunn  reveals Walt 's illness to a couple of wealthy friends , they offer to pay for his treatments . But Walt ca n't bring himself to accept charity . His pride will become a recurring issue throughout the series and is a major factor that drives Walt 's darker instincts , which leads to ... 4 . The killer alter ego  "  Crazy Handful of Nothin ' , " season 1 Enter "  Heisenberg , " Walt 's bolder , more cunning alter ego , who literally wears the black  pork pie  hat . Early on , Walt slips on the Heisenberg persona -- the hat , black glasses , black jacket -- as a way to man up when confronting some unsavory characters . But over time , Walt grows more comfortable as Heisenberg , which allows him to lie to himself and his family , which results in ... 5 . The "  fugue " state  "  Bit by a Dead Bee , " season 2 At the start of the series , Walt is able to get by with telling little white lies to keep his family in the dark about is drug activities . But when he needs to explain an extended absence -- after being kidnapped by another crazy drug dealer , Tuco Salamanca -- he comes up with one of his craziest lies yet , which finds him naked in a grocery store with "  amnesia . " It 's an example of the extreme lengths Walt will go to keep his misdeeds a secret , which include ... 6 . Letting Jane die  "  Phoenix , " season 2 Walt decides to let Jesse 's relapsed-junkie girlfriend choke on her own vomit because she knows everything and is the one person he does n't trust who can expose him . Her death is the best example of the ripple effect Walt 's decisions have on everyone around him , including Jane 's distraught father , an air traffic controller who accidently causes a mid-air collision between a 737 and a commuter plane , killing 167 people . Though Walt feels guilty about Jane 's death , it 's just another step in the process that allows him to grow comfortable with eliminating threats , including ... 7 . Running over bad guys  "  Half Measures , " season 3 To save Jesse , Walt uses his Pontiac Aztek , one of best comedic devices ever , as a battering ram to take out two drug dealers who , like Walt , work for Gus . Walt realizes it 's only a matter of time before Gus decides to get rid of him , which leads to ... 8 . Jesse killing Gale  "  Full Measure , " season 3 Gale , Walt 's assistant in the super lab set up by Gus , is unaware that he 's being groomed to take over so that Gus can kill Walt  Gus tells Gale that Walt is dying of cancer , which by this point is no longer true  . Just as Walt is about to be killed by Gus ' henchmen , he 's able to get a message to Jesse , who does the only thing he can to save his partner . More than one , Jesse has been a victim of Walt 's bad decisions  including two very painful beatings  and killing Gale nearly sends Jesse to the brink . Because Gus has no one to run the lab , Walt gets a temporary reprieve , but he knows there 's only one thing he can do to stay safe ... 9 . Bring down the boss  "  Face Off , " season 4 The season finale 's title is a clever play on words that does n't begin to prepare viewers for Gus ' grisly demise . But as brilliant as Walt 's plan was , viewers do n't learn the full extent of how he pulled it off until the final shot , when we learn ... 10 . Walt poisoned a kid  "  Face Off " That final shot -- a slow zoom-in of a plant , lily of the valley , in Walt 's backyard -- is the moment viewers realize it was Walt who gave berries from that plant to the son of Jesse 's new girlfriend , which sets off a chain events leading to Gus ' death . It 's the final devious deed that completes Walt 's transformation into a ruthless , cold-blooded kingpin . He has become Heisenberg . Will we see his downfall in season 5 ? Watch and find out .	The hit AMC series "  Breaking Bad " returns to TV on July 15 Show pictched as "  story about a man who transforms himself from Mr. Chips into Scarface " The return will mark the final season for the series
The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday began three days of potentially landmark oral arguments over the constitutionality of the sweeping health care law championed by President Barack Obama , with a majority of justices appearing to reject suggestions they wait another few years before deciding the issues . In one of the most politically charged cases in years , the health care reform case drew people who waited in line starting Friday for the chance to attend , and sparked competing news conferences by supporters and opponents of the 2010 law passed by Democrats over united Republican opposition . Hear oral arguments before the high court in the landmark case The public sessions started Monday with 90 minutes of lively debate on a legally dense , but nonetheless important , question . It boils down to whether the health care law 's key provision is a "  tax " that could prevent the court from considering the broader constitutional questions . The key provision involved is the "  individual mandate " requiring most Americans to purchase some form of health insurance or face a substantial tax penalty . An obscure federal law known as the Anti-Injunction Act , which dates back to 1867 , bars claimants from asking for a refund on a tax until that tax has been paid . This "  gateway " issue could stop the current legal fight in its tracks if the justices think the minimum coverage requirement amounts to a tax . Several of them seemed reluctant Monday to take that route . Read a transcript of the arguments Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said the lawsuit being considered was about the constitutionality of a provision requiring the purchase of insurance , rather than a tax penalty . "  This is a suit that is challenging the ` must-buy ' provision , and the argument is made that , if , indeed , ` must-buy ' is constitutional , then these complainants will not resist the penalty , " she said . "  So what they 're seeking is a determination that ... ` must-buy ' is unconstitutional , and , if that 's so , that 's the end of the case . If it 's not so , they are not resisting the penalty . " Justice Antonin Scalia , a conservative , seemed to agree , dismissing suggestions that a "  parade of horribles " would happen if the court decided the larger constitutional questions now . However , Justice Samuel Alito and Chief Justice John Roberts suggested a tax was indeed involved . "  The idea that the mandate is something separate from whether you want to call it a penalty or tax just does n't seem to make much sense . It 's a command . A mandate is a command , " Roberts said , later adding : "  It seems very artificial to separate the punishment from the crime . ... Why would you have a requirement that is completely toothless ? " In an unusual twist , the Obama administration is now siding with the law 's opponents and strongly argued the mandate is not a tax . The high court actually designated a Washington private attorney , Robert Long , to argue in favor of the tax question . Four mostly liberal members of the court -- including Obama appointees Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan -- were aggressive in saying there was no tax at play here . "  Congress has nowhere used the word ` tax ' . What it says is ` penalty ' , " noted Justice Stephen Breyer . "  Moreover , this is not in the Internal Revenue Code but for purposes of collection . And so why is this a tax ? I know you point to certain sentences that talk about taxes within the Code . This is not a tax to a tax . This is a tax to a health care requirement . " Citing the Anti-Injunction Act might give the court , particularly conservative members , a way out of deciding the explosive issue in an election year . The majority might conclude the political branches can best resolve the conflicts , at least for now , or that the matter can be handled after the November elections . Some court watchers have called this the health care "  sleeper issue " that could potentially delay a decision on the constitutionality of the individual mandate for at least four years . Monday 's case was Department of Health & Human Services v. Florida  11-398  . The larger , separate question of the individual mandate 's constitutionality will be argued at the high court Tuesday . The justices as a group seemed anxious Monday to move beyond the narrow issue of jurisdiction and address the larger constitutional questions . By the end of Monday 's arguments , justices already were posing hypotheticals on other aspects of the law , including the individual mandate and state requirements to expand the Medicaid program -- questions to be tackled in the next two days . Four big issues : Breaking down what the justices will tackle Outside the court building Monday , supporters and opponents argued their own views . "  Everything this administration has done has moved us in the wrong direction , has created such a high level of uncertainty , reduced the confidence of the American people , " said Republican Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin . "  The Supreme Court has to do the right thing and rule this thing unconstitutional . " Democratic Rep. Robert Andrews of New Jersey said the high court should let voters decide through elections , instead of imposing a decision by nine justices . "  This court has a long tradition of deferring to the judgment of the voters , and that 's what I think they will and should do here , " Andrews said , adding that the health care law will "  help a lot of people and help our country and that will be a great thing for our future . " A new CNN/ORC International poll Monday reflected the public divide over health care reform . The survey , conducted over the weekend , shows that the 2010 health care law is increasing in popularity , especially among independent voters , but half of Americans still oppose it . According to the poll , 43 % of Americans approve of the law , up five points from last November , with 50 % saying they disapprove , a drop of 6 points . Of those who oppose the measure , 37 % said it was too liberal and 10 % said it was n't liberal enough . On the most controversial provision of the law -- a mandate requiring people to have health care coverage -- 51 % of those questioned said they opposed it and 47 % favored it , a gap within the survey 's margin of error . According to the Supreme Court , 110 members of the public -- almost double the initial estimate -- were admitted to watch Monday 's arguments , along with 117 credentialed members of the media . The justices know their eventual rulings could establish profound guidelines on the extent of congressional power and could shake up a presidential election year where health care has become a hot campaign topic . "  The social and political stakes just in this case in particular are quite significant , but even beyond that , there are broader constitutional principles , " said Paul Clement , who will argue against the law before the justices . "  This is a legal question and it 's got a lot of people excited politically . " "  The Affordable Care Act moves us very close to achieving health coverage for everyone , " said Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA , a health advocacy group . "  It 's my hope that the justices protect the law and allow the law to go into effect . " Health reform opponent : ` Congress made a bad situation worse ' Health reform supporter : ` It really is going to help the public ' Seats inside the court were scarce , both for interested parties and the public . Because of demand , the court 's clerk told representatives from Congress , the Obama administration , the states and the dozens of private advocacy groups to decide among themselves who will attend . For example , 26 states are leading the legal challenge before the Supreme Court , but there will only be room for six attorneys general to attend the arguments . Legal sources said those negotiations over the choices turned testy when some officials were not picked . Blockbuster court rulings during election years Sen. Max Baucus , D-Montana ; Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah ; and U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , said they secured precious seats . Attorney General Eric Holder led the administration contingent . And although it is little known , the justices themselves are allowed to give out up to nine tickets to anyone they want , so having an "  in " with the bench might be the only way some interested parties will be admitted . The Supreme Court : How it actually works Dueling rallies and protests outside the court added to the charged atmosphere of a major legal case being heard in an election year . All the Republican presidential candidates have said they would try to repeal the health care law if elected . One of them , Rick Santorum , did not attend the arguments , but he spoke on the courthouse steps afterward to challenge frontrunning rival Mitt Romney 's support for health care reform in Massachusetts . "  There is only one candidate who has a chance of winning the Republican nomination who can make this the central issue that will be a winning issue for us to win the presidency back , and that is Rick Santorum , " said the former Pennsylvania senator . "  And unfortunately the worst person to make that case is Mitt Romney and that 's why , as I say , we are here today and he is not . " Two families , two views on health care reform In the three days of arguments , six lawyers will make their case in what are expected to be free-wheeling question-and-answer sessions characteristic of oral arguments . The main attorneys will be Clement on one side , representing the 26-state coalition opposing the law , and Solicitor General Donald Verrilli on the other , defending the law . The public will be able to listen to the oral arguments on the court 's website shortly after the sessions end . In line to secure a rare and precious thing in D.C. Frequently asked questions : A CNN guide to the arguments The cases are Dept. of Health and Human Services v. Florida  11-398  ; National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius  11-393  ; and Florida v. Dept. of H&HS  11-400  . Rulings are expected in June .	New poll shows the public is divided on the health care issue "  Rule this thing unconstitutional , " says a GOP opponent of the law The Supreme Court should let voters decide , says a Democratic supporter The Supreme Court is poised to offer the final word on the constitutionality of health reform
Washington  CNN  -- A proposal to reduce nuclear weapons highlighted the debate within the German government about when and how to get rid of nuclear weapons on its soil , a new WikiLeaks document shows . Its release also reveals the presence of nuclear weapons in several European countries and Turkey , information not normally released by NATO . During a meeting with two U.S. diplomats , German National Security Adviser Christoph Heusgen expressed his reservations about the German government coalition 's proposal to remove all tactical nuclear weapons from Germany , according to a November 2009 U.S. State Department cable published by WikiLeaks . In February , five countries -- Belgium , Germany , Luxembourg , Netherlands , and Norway -- sent a joint letter to NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen , signed by their respective foreign ministers , calling for a debate about NATO 's nuclear policy . German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle has called for the removal of all nuclear weapons from German soil . However , Heusgen distanced the German government from the proposal they had signed onto , claiming that "  this had been forced upon them by FM Westerwelle , " the cable said . Heusgen told the U.S. diplomats that "  from his perspective , it made no sense to unilaterally withdraw ` the 20 ' tactical nuclear weapons still in Germany while Russia maintains ` thousands ' of them . It would only be worth it if both sides drew down , " the U.S. cable said . U.S. Assistant Secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs Philip H. Gordon responded by noting the importance of considering the potential consequences of a German proposal before moving forward . The cable continues , "  a withdrawal of nuclear weapons from Germany and perhaps from Belgium and the Netherlands could make it very difficult politically for Turkey to maintain its own stockpile , even though it was still convinced of the need to do so . " Hans Kristensen , director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists , says the cable shows the intense deliberations going on in the German political process . "  The new in that is that it shows the battle going on inside the German government between the foreign minister and other elements of the government on this issue of how to push this issue of tactical nuclear weapons within the alliance . " The Nuclear Threat Initiative defines tactical or nonstrategic nuclear weapons as "  short-range weapons " which can include land-based missiles with a range of less than 500 kilometers  about 310 miles  and air - and sea-launched weapons with a range of less than 600 kilometers  about 370 miles  . According to the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , the United States has 500 tactical nuclear weapons in its arsenal , of which approximately 200 are deployed in Europe . The cable does not identify the origin of the nuclear weapons in any of the four countries , but the United States or NATO have military bases in all of them . According to Kristensen , these weapons are American . He points out that the British do not have tactical nuclear weapons , and the French keep their tactical nuclear weapons on their home soil . "  We do n't comment on the placements of nuclear weapons , " NATO spokeswoman Oana Lungescu told CNN . "  As a matter of policy , we do n't comment on leaked confidential documents of any sort . We think diplomats should be able to talk to each other in confidence , because otherwise there is a risk that tensions can get out of control . " As for Heusgen 's reference to "  the 20 " weapons on his country 's soil , Kristensen says it is not clear whether he is actually confirming that amount of weapons , or if he is using the estimate in a report written by Kristensen in 2005 , which was picked up by German media and government officials as part of the debate . "  Very few people in the German government know the exact number of weapons , and it 's not clear to me that the national security adviser would know . " On the coupling of German and Russian denuclearization proposed by Heusgen , Kristensen says that would make very little sense . "  It would be very strange to see formal linking of very small number of weapons in Germany with the large inventory of tactical nuclear weapons Russia has in general . It 's apples and oranges . Russian tactical nuclear weapons , their location and their mission is not linked to whether there are nuclear weapons in Germany . " Kristensen estimates that Belgium , Netherlands and Germany each have between 10 and 20 tactical nuclear weapons on their soil , and there are 60 to 70 in Turkey .	The German national security adviser is cool to a proposal to remove nukes from Germany He said "  it made no sense ... while Russia maintains ` thousands , ' " a cable says The cable shows intense deliberations in Germany , an analyst says
CNN  -- The proposed super-fight between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jnr has been thrown into doubt because of a dispute over the timing of a pre-match blood-test according to Golden Boy Promotions . Richard Schaefer , chief executive of Golden Boy who promote Mayweather , announced on the company 's official Web site that the Filipino would not agree to blood-testing in the immediate run up to the welterweight fight which had been expected to take place in March . Mayweather 's management have requested the fighters submit to Olympic-style blood testing as outlined and mandated by the United States Anti Doping Agency  USADA  30 days prior to the bout . But Schaefer claims that Pacquiao has refused to have blood taken so close to a fight with the American . "  Pacquiao would only agree to have blood drawn before the kick-off press conference and after the fight . It is unfortunate to hear this from Manny Pacquiao 's representatives , particularly since both parties had worked out all other issues related to this fight , " Schaefer said on the Golden Boy Promotions Web site . Mayweather , who was informed of Pacquiao 's reluctance shortly after Schaefer received word of the impasse , empathized with his possible opponent but hopes he will undergo the tests . "  I understand Pacquiao not liking having his blood taken , because frankly I do n't know anyone who really does , " Mayweather said . "  I hope this is either some miscommunication or that Manny will change his mind and step up and allow these tests , which were good enough for all these other great athletes , to be performed by USADA . " USA Today reported an angry response from Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum of Top Rank , who said the fight was now in jeopardy . "  The press release is absurd , the plug -LSB- on the fight -RSB- is pulled . The fight is off as far as we 're concerned , " he said . Arum , who has previously represented Mayweather added : "  It proves Mayweather is a coward and he 's looking for a way out of the fight . "  The Nevada commission has been doing drug testing for the last 40 years . To appease Mayweather , we agreed they could do urine analysis anytime they wanted . But Manny does n't want them to draw his blood when he 's in training because it weakens him , " he told the American newspaper . Pacquiao became a five-weight world champion following his WBO welterweight title win over Miguel Cotto in November , while Mayweather returned from a 21-month retirement to beat Mexican Juan Manuel Marquez in September . Their super-fight was widely reported to be set for the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on March 13 , with only the final details to be thrashed out and an official announcement early next month .	The Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather fight is in doubt over the timing of a pre-match blood test Golden Boy Promotions chief executive Richard Schaefer claims Filipino Pacquiao is refusing a test 30 days before the bout Mayweather called on Filipino to undergo the test to ensure a fair fight Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum says the "  plug has been pulled " on the fight
CNN  -- There 's presumably no going back this time . Jay Leno is leaving the "  Tonight Show " on Thursday after nearly 22 years as host . Jimmy Fallon , with less than five years on NBC 's follow-up "  Late Night " shift , takes over on February 17 . His successor , "  Saturday Night Live " mainstay Seth Meyers , is set to step in a week later . It 's still not clear exactly why NBC is dumping Leno , the king of late night in all key audience measurements , including advertiser-prized 18 - to 49-year-olds . He 's well ahead of Fallon , David Letterman , Jimmy Kimmel , Conan O'Brien , Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert . NBC programming executives ' only explanation , in the network 's initial April 2013 announcement , was that "  Jimmy Fallon is a unique talent and this is his time . " But Leno does leave a legacy , and it 's not just repeatedly taking it on his ample chin from both NBC and countless detractors . Nor is it the fact that his departure will likely set off a wave of new tensions in the late-night landscape  more on that later  . I think Leno 's stature slowly will improve with age as the undisputed "  people 's champ " in times when TV critics for the most part dismissed him as a lightweight . Letterman , O'Brien and Kimmel have been deemed the "  smart , " inventive late-night hosts , but Leno has arguably been the hardest-working man in late night -- even if as a plodder , not a craftsman . And ratings do n't lie . Jay Leno 's farewell : His best punchlines Leno 's principal strength , as was Johnny Carson 's , has been his extended monologues . He can reliably reel off jokes in assembly line fashion , making "  Tonight Show " an easy , effortless tune-in . Follow-up segments such as "  Headlines " and "  Jaywalking " also have kept audiences from going elsewhere or going to bed . But the second half of Leno 's "  Tonight Show " has been the show 's soft midsection . His patter with guests invariably feels preordained . Jack Paar , who had a comparatively short run in the "  Tonight Show " chair in the years before Carson , was the show 's pre-eminent conversationalist . As guest Betty White noted this week , nothing was rehearsed or prescrubbed with Paar . You winged it , and you 'd better have something to say . Carson relied far more heavily on "  blue card " crib notes that have become talk show staples during interview segments . But his big , boisterous laugh could break out at any moment -- infectious for viewers and the sound of music for any guest who could get a rise out of Johnny . Leno mostly titters under his breath , more schoolgirl giggler than full-throated bonhomie . Still , he has kept the ratings singing for NBC , and in a much more crowded late night universe than Carson ever experienced . Leno , of course , ca n't touch Carson , the program 's acknowledged "  gold standard . " And Carson made it no secret that he wanted Letterman , not Leno , to succeed him . All these years later , Letterman in reality is the only late night host who even belongs in the same conversation with Carson . For his part , the 66-year-old Letterman is good to go through at least 2015 via a recently signed deal with CBS . But I would n't particularly want to be him once Fallon takes over "  Tonight Show . " For the first time in his long tenure at CBS he 'll have to compete directly against a New York-based host who also happens to be a generation younger . That could be a serious problem when it comes to attracting a more contemporary collection of guests during the New York legs of their publicity tours .  Justin Timberlake , for one , already is basically a member of Fallon 's repertory company .  But it could work quite well for Kimmel , who now will have the West Coast all to himself opposite his NBC and CBS rivals . Letterman also will be the last of the late night "  social media " Luddites after Leno walks the plank . In contrast , Fallon is a skilled Twitter practitioner with 11.4 million followers . Fallon is also a deft impressionist and accomplished sketch player ; neither are Letterman strengths . What Fallon does n't have so far is Leno 's monologue gene . He 'll have to lengthen his joke-telling segment , which could ripen in time . For now it 's easily the weakest part of his game , giving both Letterman and Kimmel the openings they might need -- both literally and figuratively . Fallon 's big plus is a big kid likability that makes him easy to root for . His humor can be barbed , but he clearly aims to please . In contrast to Letterman and Kimmel , he always wants to be his guests ' -- and his audience 's -- very best friend . But there 's no discernible edge . Even Leno throws an occasional jab . In truth , NBC 's latest late night moves could and probably should have waited a few more years . Leno has done nothing but win and win again with no signs of weakness . As a further indignity he 's being sacked as a 63-year-old even as NBC is developing a new sitcom for the 76-year-old Bill Cosby . Out with the old , in with the older . One more intriguing thing : Meyers , at age 40 , is a year older than Fallon . NBC 's later slot historically has gone to a host who 's a generation younger , with the idea of grooming him for the "  Tonight Show " desk . But if Fallon succeeds -- and that 's certainly what his network wants -- might NBC in effect be showcasing and setting up Meyers for a jump to a rival network someday ? After all , he presumably wants to move up at some point , too . But where would he go ? Pardon NBC for just not wanting to think about that right now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Bark .	Ed Bark : Jay Leno , inexplicably dumped as "  Tonight Show " host , has final show Thursday He says critics have n't been big fans , but public was ; his Nielsen ratings dominate late-night He says departure shakes up late-night , makes Letterman , last of old-schoolers , vulnerable Bark : Fallon likable and appeals to younger crowd , but short on some late-night host skills
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Ahmed Taha was 17 a year ago , when he says security forces abducted him outside Egypt 's High Court , beat and raped him . "  They beat me , " he says . "  One stepped on my face . I was wearing my glasses . They broke the glasses and my face was disfigured . " Read more : Will Egypt 's new president be a reformer ? He says the beatings were just the beginning . "  I felt someone coming in . I was almost dead so he picked me up from the floor and tore my T-shirt and started holding my body , " he recalls . "  I went into shock . He removed my clothes and sexually assaulted me in front of the other policemen . " For nine months , he says , his family could n't find him in hospitals and police stations . His mother started to wear black in mourning . Read more : Victims of injustice ' in post-revolution Egypt speak out Finally , his family located him and were able to visit him briefly in prison . Taha was released in July , without ever being indicted . He 's now 18 . Egypt 's Ministry of Interior refused to comment on Taha 's claims and has long maintained that there is no torture inside its prisons . Read more : Egypt president 's tricky game of power Taha , who says he has overcome the trauma with the help of a psychiatrist , recounts his story in a rush -- short sentences without pauses . He believes others who have disappeared from the streets of Cairo since the start of last year 's revolution may have similar stories -- if they can ever be found . A March 2011 report found that 1,200 people went missing in the course of the uprising in January and February that year , according to Nermeen Yousri , co-founder of the Hanlaqihom  We Will Find Them  Campaign . The list of missing , which activists say is still with the cabinet of ministers , has n't been updated or cross-checked with lists of names of those found dead or in military prisons . Read more : Amid uneasy calm in Cairo , prime minister says some were paid to protest Many believe those missing could be in military prisons without proper papers or may have been killed and buried without identification . During the uprising , there were forced , and sometimes temporary , disappearances of activists , and also random rounding up of citizens passing by sites of clashes and protests . Read more : Opinion : Egypt 's Islamists have much to prove on women 's rights Simple procedures , like keeping DNA records of anonymous bodies , could have helped narrow down the numbers of the missing , says lawyer Ahmed Raghab , a member of a new fact-finding commission mandated by President Mohamed Morsy . Raghab criticizes the actions of many state institutions , including judicial and investigative authorities , especially when dealing with missing people . The number of the missing , he says , could be in the thousands now following the turbulent 18-month transition . The punishment Mohamed Siddiq disappeared on January 28 , 2011 , a "  day of rage " which resulted in nationwide clashes between police and protesters . His mother was able to talk to him on the phone two weeks later , the same day then-President Hosni Mubarak stepped down . He told her he was in prison . It was the last time she heard from him . "  The ministry of interior tells me all the revolution people are with the army , the army tells me they are with the interior ministry , " Sabah Siddiq says . She calls her son 's mobile number regularly and pays to keep it working . "  I know he 's alive , " she says repeatedly . Read more : Egypt remains on edge during wait for election results In July 2011 , a soldier answered the phone and told her he found the SIM card near a detention facility outside Cairo . When she asked about her son there , officials told her about "  a group of protesters from the revolution " who were held there . They were moved to an unknown place , she was told . At a gathering for the families of the missing in August , the wails of the mothers screaming the names of their sons challenged claims of change . "  We believe it 's a deliberate punishment to people who tried to protest and bring down the regime , " said Yousri , of the Hanlaqihom Campaign . Read more : As protests calm , tensions remain as U.S. seeks to protect embassies Taha said he was tortured to force him to confess about crimes he did n't commit . He says he was taken near a protest staged by lawyers against changes in court procedure . He was accused of receiving foreign funding , holding thousands of judges hostage , arms possession , thuggery and protesting against the military . Most of the questions , however , were about his participation in the January 25 protests that forced Mubarak out of office . In pants soaked with blood , Taha says , he eventually signed a pre-written police report . When he pleaded to a deputy prosecutor for help , telling him he was a minor , the official reportedly told him , "  Here , you do n't have rights . " "  The value of the human being to our government is still not clear , " said Yousri . Read more : Egypt 's tricky relationship with U.S. . The ministry of interior refused to comment on Taha 's story and the issue of the missing . The fact-finding commission was formed because of the lack of cooperation by security agencies , Raghab says . "  If these entities were cooperative , a fact-finding mission would n't have been needed . Some security agencies have an interest in covering up parts of their crimes . " ` Circle of frustration ' Several activists and psychiatrists working on missing persons cases say it is a double punishment for the detainees and the families . In the case of torture , for instance , the victims are denied the ability to adapt to the violence because they usually do n't know the reason for their ordeal . The same applies to the family . "  Forced disappearances are worse than murder , because families are deprived from their right to know and to grieve , " said Hossam Bahgat , director of the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights . Sometimes , he said , families feel that even if their children are dead , they are better off knowing the truth . Read more : New TV channel run by fully veiled women It 's a dilemma . Families "  are afraid to let go of the hope because maybe  their son or daughter is  out there somewhere and they would be letting  them  down if they stopped looking , " said Yousri . "  It 's really a circle of frustration and anger and depression . " Many of the missing were the main providers for their families . To search in prisons scattered across the country is costly , increasing the families ' financial burdens . For many , such as Siddiq 's family , the search in morgues continues . "  For my son not to come back ... of course , it 's taking its toll on all of us . He 's my only son . I need him , " says Siddiq , pausing repeatedly to hold back the tears . Mohamed 's picture is placed on the partition separating his small bedroom from the living room . Like Taha , she is frustrated with Egypt 's first elected president . She had hoped he would bring about substantial change and find her son . "  Is n't the government supposed to bring me back my son ? Who 's responsible for this country ? Dr. Morsy , right ? He 's supposed to find where my son is . " Morsy pardoned all political prisoners on Monday , but that leaves the missing file unresolved . Activists suspect that those supposedly held in prison are without proper documentation . Lawyer Ahmed Seif El-Islam , a member of an official committee set up by Morsy to look into prisoners , said in August that there are "  private prisons " associated with certain security agencies and outside the inspection jurisdiction of the prosecutor . Secret detention facilities in existing prisons , as alleged by some former prisoners , would be even more difficult to pin down , he says . Read more : 5 voices on Egypt 's ` unfinished revolution ' Taha , however , remains hopeful . "  We must have hope because of the blood of the martyrs , the pain of the injured , the deprivation of the detainees , the injustice dealt to the revolutionaries . These things should inspire hope and push us forward and not look back , " he says . He was able to get a reversal of a decree expelling him from school for missing a year and is now working on a campaign against torture and the detention of students . "  We can face any oppressor or corrupt regime until we find the Egypt that we want , that we dream of , " he says . "  We will continue to the last breath . "	One report finds that 1,200 people were missing in the months after Egypt 's revolution Many are still unaccounted for and families continue to search Egypt 's president has created a fact-finding mission to investigate
CNN  -- Gautam Gambhir became the most expensive signing in world cricket on a record-breaking first day of the Indian Premier League auctions . The Kolkata Knights Riders paid $ 2.4 million to secure the rights of the India international batsman on Saturday , and then stumped up $ 2.1 million to buy Yusuf Pathan for the next two years of the lucrative Twenty20 limited-overs competition . New franchise Sahara Pune Warriors matched that sum with the signing of another Indian star , Robin Uthappa , while Mumbai Indians put up $ 2 million for Rohit Sharma . Pathan 's half-brother Irfan was sold to Delhi Daredevils for $ 1.9 million , while Pune also paid $ 1.8 million for one-day specialist Yuvraj Singh . The most expensive non-Indian player was Sri Lanka 's Mahela Jayawardene , who went to another new franchise , Kochi , for $ 1.5 million . Australia 's David Hussey was bought for $ 1.4 million by Kings XI Punjab . See the full list of successful bids Kolkata also signed veteran South Africa batsman Jacques Kallis for $ 1.2 million , while Royal Challengers Bangalore bid $ 1.1 million for his compatriot A.B. de Villiers -- a fee matched by Deccan Chargers for Australia 's Cameron White . The auction concluded on Sunday , with 350 of the world 's top players having gone under the hammer . Franchise owners include Bollywood stars Shilpa Shetty and Preity Zinta . Notably absent was tournament founder Lalit Modi , who has been ousted from his position as chairman by the Indian cricket board amid allegations of corruption . Will Australia 's one-day cricket reign end in 2011 ? Only 12 players were retained from last year 's competition , with Mumbai keeping Sachin Tendulkar , Harbhajan Singh , Kieron Pollard and Lasith Malinga . India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni will stay with defending champions Chennai Super Kings , while Rajasthan have kept Australia 's Shane Warne and Shane Watson , and Virender Sehwag remains at Delhi . Kings XI Punjab , Deccan Chargers and Kolkata Knight Riders completely emptied their playing rosters . The 2011 tournament will run from April 8 to May 22 following the 50-over World Cup in India , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh .	Kolkata Knights Riders pay a record $ 2.4 million to secure the rights of Gautam Gambhir Raiders then bid $ 2.1 million to buy Yusuf Pathan for next two years of Twenty20 competition New franchise Sahara Pune Warriors matched that sum with the signing Robin Uthappa Bidding past $ 2 million for first time as Mumbai Indians paid that for Rohit Sharma
New York  CNN  -- Tonalist won the 146th Belmont Stakes Saturday , denying the heavily favored California Chrome his chance to become the first Triple Crown winner in 36 years . Instead of a historic win by their favorite , the huge crowd at Belmont Park in Elmont , New York , witnessed a dramatic finish in which Tonalist , ridden by Joel Rosario , overtook Commissioner in his last strides to win by a head . But the fact that none of the top three finishers had raced in both the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes , the two prerequisites to the Triple Crown , did n't sit well with California Chrome co-owner Steve Coburn . Coburn angrily told NBC Sports that the horse owners that had skipped either race before running the Belmont took "  the coward 's way out . " Neither Tonalist nor Commissioner ran in the Derby or Preakness . Medal Count , the third-place finisher , did n't run in the Preakness . California Chrome appeared sluggish and finished in a dead heat for fourth with Wicked Strong in his bid to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978 . In the 135 years the grueling series of races for 3-year-old thoroughbreds have all been contested , only 11 horses have won all three . A visibly upset Coburn said his horse "  did n't have it in him . " "  I 'll never see , and I 'm 61 years old , another Triple Crown winner in my lifetime because of the way they do this , " he said . "  It 's not fair to these horses that have been in the game since Day One . If you do n't make enough points to get into the Kentucky Derby , you -LSB- should n't -RSB- run in the other two races . ... It 's all or nothing because this is not fair to these horses that have been running their guts out for these people and for the people who believe in them . This is a coward 's way out , in my opinion . " Tonalist owner Robert Evans declined to comment on Coburn 's remarks . Tonalist covered the mile and a half in 2:28.52 and returned $ 20.40 to win on a $ 2 bet . California Chrome 's jockey Victor Espinoza described his horse moments after the race as "  a little tired . " "  Turning for home I was just waiting to have the same kick like he always had before , and today he was a little bit flat down the lane , " Espinoza said . "  I think it was tough for him . He ran back-to-back races in different tracks -- and all those fresh horses . " Rosario called his victory bittersweet . "  I 'm a little bit upset about California Chrome , " he told NBC Sports . "  If I was going to get beat , I wanted to just get beat by him . " Belmont Park has been especially unkind to Triple Crown contenders in recent years . Big Brown , a prohibitive favorite in 2008 , failed to finish the Belmont , and in 2012 I 'll Have Another failed to start , scratched due to an injury . The daunting Triple Crown challenge squeezes three races into a five-week period , in an era when thoroughbreds normally run no more than once a month . Adding to the rigor is the course itself : Belmont is a quarter-mile longer than Churchill Downs , home of the Derby , and five-sixteenths longer than Pimlico Race Course , where the Preakness is run . California Chrome started in the second post position -- the same gate that Secretariat shot out from in 1973 on track to Triple Crown glory and racing immortality . Tonalist was among the horses considered to be California Chrome 's biggest threats , along with Ride on Curlin and Commanding Curve . The Belmont Stakes prize is about $ 800,000 to the winner , but in the view of some in the thoroughbred racing community , there was much , much more riding on the outcome . The beleaguered racing industry , battered for decades by gambling competition and changing entertainment tastes , stood to benefit from a Triple Crown . "  If California Chrome wins , " Christopher Kay , CEO of the New York Racing Association , said prior to the race , "  I think it will bring a whole new generation of fans to this great sport . " It was n't to be . The people who know the horse : California Chrome 's biggest fans California Chrome 's jockey ready for another shot at Triple Crown Matt Majendie and CNN 's Richard Roth and Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	NEW : Tonalist passes Commissioner at finish ; California Chrome finishes tied for 4th NEW : California Chrome co-owner angry that top finishers did n't run in Derby or Preakness NEW : "  It 's not fair to these horses that have been in the game since Day One , " says Steve Coburn
By its own admission , the Australian government 's policy on asylum seekers has been overwhelmed , just three months after the passing of new laws aimed at stemming the flow of those seeking refuge in Australia . Since the resurrection of the so-called "  Pacific Solution , " under which asylum seekers making their way to Australia by boat are processed offshore , 7,929 people have arrived in Australian waters on 134 boats , according to the Immigration Department . Australian Immigration Minister Chris Bowen said Wednesday that detention facilities on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea and Nauru would not be able to accommodate all the asylum seekers who had recently arrived and said that "  some of these people will be processed in the Australian community . " At full capacity , Nauru and Manus Island are able to accommodate 2,100 asylum seekers , around a third of the number who have arrived since August 13 when the government announced a return to the policy introduced by the Liberal government led by John Howard in 2001 . The decision to process the overload of asylum seekers on the Australian mainland comes as Amnesty International inspectors this week described conditions at the Nauru detention center , where 387 asylum seekers are currently held , as "  appalling . " Amnesty said conditions were so bad that there had been a "  terrible spiral " of self-harm , hunger strikes and suicide attempts as people waited to be processed . One of several people on a hunger strike at the facility had not eaten for more than 40 days , the group said . The center on Nauru re-opened in August this year . "  In summer , in the heat , it gets to over 40 degrees during the day in those tents and it was certainly very hot and humid when we were in there . When it 's raining , as it is now , the tents are leaking and their bedding gets wet at night , " Amnesty 's Graham Thor told reporters during a visit to the island . The government has dismissed the criticism . "  Conditions on Nauru at times may not be pleasant but they are the same conditions immigration staff and service providers are working under , " Immigration Minister Chris Bowen said . Foreign Minister Senator Bob Carr insisted Wednesday that despite the extraordinarily large number of arrivals , the re-opening of the Nauru facility had deterred people from making the journey . Nor did he think that Amnesty International 's observations had damaged Australia 's reputation . "  I think Australia stands out in the world as having a humane commitment that I 'm very proud of , that all Australians can be very proud of , " he told the ABC . But for Ramesh Fernandez , the CEO and founder of RISE , a not for profit support group for refugees and asylum seekers , Australia 's mandatory detention laws are little more than an illegal form of "  house arrest . " Fernandez , who spent three years in both onshore and offshore processing centers between 2011 and 2004 after fleeing Sri Lanka , said , based on his experience , asylum seekers kept in detention were poorly treated and their complaints ignored . "  Offshore processing centers may lower the number of asylum seekers in Australia , but it is not a viable solution to fairly deal with asylum seekers and it will not put a stop to people coming to this country by boat , " he told CNN . But as the first group of 19 asylum seekers , or "  irregular maritime arrivals " as the government calls them , were transferred from Australian territory to Manus Island , the Immigration Minister issued a now familiar warning to those attempting the perilous sea journey to Australia . "  To those contemplating the dangerous journey to Australia by boat : people smugglers are lying to you , do n't waste your money and do n't risk your life -- it 's just not worth it , " he in a media release . ` There is no visa on arrival , there will be no special treatment , no speedy outcome and certainly no advantage given to those who come by boat . " Those who can not be accommodated on Manus Island or Nauru would be processed onshore , Bowen said . Bridging visas would be granted but asylum seekers would not have the right to work and would receive only minimal accommodation assistance . They will still be subject to the "  no advantage " rule , just like those who were sent offshore for processing , he added . The government also announced Wednesday that 100 Sri Lankan men had been involuntarily returned to their homeland -- the ninth and largest involuntary removal to date . The Immigration Minister said when the men were advised that they were subject to removal from Australia , they raised no issues "  that engaged Australia 's international obligations " : they were not considered nor considered themselves to be refugees . Sri Lankans have been returned to Colombo since the Pacific Solution came into effect . Some chose to return to Sri Lanka voluntarily , rather than transfer from the Australian mainland to Nauru . Fernandez believes the men recently deported may have preferred to return to Sri Lanka . "  If people choose to go back where they were persecuted over Nauru ,  this  means that they are ready die rather  than  getting rotten somewhere , not able to seek freedom , " he told CNN . "  It is not a win for the Australian government and the government must be ashamed for creating a rigid refugee policy which persecutes asylum seekers once again , " he added . For Fernandez , the Australian government has blood on its hands . For Amnesty International , it will come as no surprise that Sri Lankans are opting to return home or putting up little resistance . The human rights group noted after its inspection of Nauru , that asylum seekers believed they were being sent to the island state to be "  driven crazy " and would prefer to return home .	Nearly 8,000 asylum seekers arrived in Australia since new laws passed 3 months ago Immigration minister said detention facilities can not accommodate all asylum seekers Human rights groups criticize "  appalling " conditions of detention facilities
This month , one of the least merciful presidents in the history of the United States granted 13 pardons and eight commutations of sentence . The grants moved President Barack Obama 's overall mark past the administrations of John Adams  who served only one term  , William H. Harrison  who died of pneumonia after serving only 30 days  , James Garfield  who was fatally wounded by an assassin after serving only four months  and George Washington . The New York Times complained that , when it came to the pardon power , there was just "  no excuse " for Obama 's "  lack of compassion " and encouraged him to "  do much more . " The American Civil Liberties Union called the pardons "  a step " and hoped the President would "  continue to exercise his clemency powers . " Meanwhile , the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank , lamented the "  drought " of pardons in the Obama administration and called the recent grants "  mingy and belated . " Conservative columnist Debra Saunders wrote that it was "  about time " Obama acted , and even tossed out the possibility/hope that he might "  do it again soon . " While it is true that Obama 's grants included no one comparable to Scooter Libby , or Marc Rich , much less President Richard Nixon , the intensity and commonality of reactions is noteworthy . Political executives -- presidents and governors -- may not be quite aware of or in tune with it just yet , but the times , they are a-changing . No one is clamoring for violent criminals to be yanked out of prisons and tossed into the streets to wreak havoc on society . No one is lusting for the considered judgment of judges and juries to be whimsically overturned by politicians leaving office and , in the process , sidestepping accountability . But , increasingly , there is recognition that budgets are tight , and prisons are both overcrowded and expensive . The recidivism of those who spend time in prisons and exit without anything like serious rehabilitation is also costly . Congress ' recent recognition of the failure  if not outright unjust nature  of sentencing laws appears , to many , as still yet another indicator that there is consensus regarding the status of the so-called war on drugs : It has not worked out very well . Judges have complained loudly about mandatory minimum and three-strikes laws which have limited their ability to tailor punishments to fit crimes -- a basic notion of justice . Public opinion polls also suggest Americans are increasingly uncomfortable with over-criminalization in the law . The pardon power will always carry an inherent political "  risk , " because no one can perfectly predict the future behavior of recipients and everyone 's judgment can be second-guessed , if not mischaracterized . Informed persons know Mike Huckabee did not "  pardon " Maurice Clemmons and Michael Dukakis did not "  pardon " Willie Horton . But , of course , executives can not always survive political storms with the support and encouragement of informed persons . Nonetheless , the Founding Fathers considered the pardon power an integral part of our system of separation of powers and checks and balances . Its presence in the Constitution is premised on the notion that Congress and the Courts are not always perfect . Anyone care to disagree ? It simply follows that , if the pardon power is being neglected or abused , then government is not doing what it was meant to do . Alexander Hamilton furthermore noted , in the Federalist Papers , that the criminal codes of nations have an almost natural tendency toward over-severity . For that reason , he argued , there should be easy access to mercy . Yes , you read that right , "  easy access , " or , in other words , something very different than what is going on in the Obama administration . The fortunate thing is , presidents and governors can very easily minimize the political "  risk " of pardoning by granting pardons regularly , consistently , throughout terms , as opposed to , very questionably , at the "  last minute . " While Christmas pardons may make some feel warm and fuzzy , they also send a message that is more counterproductive than anything . They seem to say mercy is an afterthought , or worse , a gift , that may or may not be deserved . The fact of the matter is the majority of individual acts of executive clemency in our lifetime have been pardons , which simply restored the civil rights of the recipients . No one was sprung from jail . Violent criminals were not tossed into the streets . Judges and juries were not overturned . Recipients have typically committed minor offenses , many involving no incarceration whatsoever , and usually , many years if not decades before pardon . FBI background checks documented they had integrated back into society as law-abiding productive members . Their pardons were not "  gifts " so much as they were well deserved recognition . Have these pardons been high-wire maneuvers ? Have they required presidents to spend precious political capital ? Not at all . Obama has granted 52 pardons to date . There is a much better than average chance that readers can not name a single recipient . George W. Bush granted almost 200 . So , why ca n't Obama restore the civil rights of more applicants ? Why does n't he ? There is no obvious answer to that question , save lack of care and concern . Where is the President who said his religion teaches him the importance of redemption and second chances ? Where is the hope ?	President Obama has granted 52 pardons to date ; George W. Bush granted almost 200 P.S. Ruckman : Obama is one of the least merciful presidents in U.S. history He says Christmas pardons may seem warm and fuzzy , but it makes them seem like a gift Ruckman : Instead of last minute pardons , politicians should grant pardons regularly
CNN  -- Are you the kind of person who likes to squeeze in a quick round of golf in between business meetings ? You 're in luck if you happen to be heading to one of these cities for your next work trip . From pro-designed courses to holes inspired by Snoopy , these urban fairways prove that you do n't need to go on vacation to experience some challenging , beautiful greens . Steenberg Golf Club  Cape Town , South Africa Located in the beautiful Steenberg wine estate just 20 minutes from the city center , this 18-hole course has several unique features , including the largest green in Africa . You 'll find the 76-meter  249 feet  beast on the 14th hole . It also has a rather unusual hazard -- a mound of greenery shaped to resemble the mountains in the background . "  Steenberg is a wonderful golf club , " says Francois Pienaar , keen golfer and former captain of the South African rugby team . "  The course is an absolute pleasure to play and a nice challenge for the amateur . " Steenberg Golf Club , Steenberg Estate , Steenberg Road , Cape Town , South Africa ; +27 21 713 2221 Highland National Golf Course  Saint Paul , Minnesota Our favorite bit of the 18-hole Highland National golf course ? The Snoopy-shaped 15th hole , which is a tribute to Peanuts creator Charles M. Schulz , who learned to play golf here . The course reopened in 2005 after extensive refurbishment and is ripe with history -- baseball player and Minnesota local Joe Mauer is another golfer who learned to play at Highland . Highland National Golf Course , 1403 Montreal Ave. , Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States ; +1 651 695 3774 Yas Links  Yas island , Abu Dhabi Located next to Yas Island 's marina and only meters from the Grand Prix circuit , this 18-hole golf course is built entirely on reclaimed land -- the product of two million cubic meters of dredged sand . It took two years to build and is the first Middle East course designed by renowned course architect Kyle Phillips . "  I love Yas Links for the fantastic views and the variety of challenges it presents , " says Yas Links men 's captain , James Duggan . "  Each hole is different and all are memorable , but the final stretch from 15 to 18 embeds itself in the memory forever . The windy par 3 17th hole has to be regarded as the signature hole and the tricky Par 5 18th has wrecked many a good golf card ! " Yas Links , Yas island , Abu Dhabi ; +971 2 810 7777 Audubon Park Golf Course  New Orleans , Louisiana New Orleans ' beautiful 18-hole course , which opened in 1898 , is the only one in the United States that can be accessed via streetcar -- in this case , the New Orleans streetcar , which was recently named a national landmark . "  It 's the course of the future , " says Stan Stopa , who 's been Audubon 's golf pro for the past 32 years . "  While it 's shorter , easier to navigate and plays faster , it 's still a challenge . You can use every club in your bag . " According to a popular urban legend , the rock on the 18th fairway is a meteor . In fact , it 's a chunk of iron ore that was on display during the 1884-1885 World 's Industrial and Cotton Centennial Exposition , which took place on what is now the golf course . Audubon Park Golf Course , 6500 Magazine St. , New Orleans , Louisiana ; +1 800 774 7394 Windsor Golf Hotel and Country Club  Nairobi , Kenya This urban golf course , which is one mile above sea level , includes incredibly varied terrain and winds through Nairobi 's coffee farms and indigenous forests , although course designer Tom Macauley claims that Scotland 's famous Gleneagles course was his inspiration . "  What makes the course unique is the fact that it 's carved out of a tropical rainforest , " explains local golfer Mike Macharia . "  In a typical round , one encounters monkeys , an array of birds and the occasional dik dik  small antelope  . My favorite hole is number 14 , which is designed to wind round like the river below it . You can choose to play your ball then go over the river or simply meander your way around it . " Windsor Golf Hotel and Country Club , Kigwa Road , Ridgeways off Kiambu Road , Nairobi , Kenya ; +254 722 203 361 The Royal Melbourne Golf Club  Melbourne , Australia The Royal Melbourne is the oldest golf club in the country , but the course is n't for beginners -- the maximum handicap to play is 27 for men and 36 for women . US Golf Digest ranked the course as one of the top 10 in the world and it 's the only course outside the U.S. to be selected by the PGA tour to host the Presidents ' Cup more than once . Its notorious hazards include vast expanses of tea tree scrubs and cavernous bunkers . The Royal Melbourne Golf Club , Cheltenham Road , Black Rock Victoria , Australia ; +61 3 9598 2600 Del Mar Country Club  San Diego , California This year , San Diego 's 18-hole Del Mar Country Club golf course dropped its members-only policy and is opening its doors to the public for the first time . The course is located in the heart of a beautiful private development home to celebrities such as Bill Gates . We recommend the "  after dark " golf events , which include putting competitions with glow-in-the-dark balls . "  Playing Del Mar Country Club is a real treat , " says keen local golfer Ryan Hyslop . "  It 's beautiful and challenging , and you get a different experience every time you play . The course is always in fantastic condition -- I never miss an opportunity to play there . " Del Mar Country Club , Rancho Santa Fe , California ; +1 858 759 5500 Meadow Lake Golf Course  Whitehorse , Canada Why let the sun dictate the length of your game ? At this nine-hole Canadian golf course , located within Whitehorse 's city limits , games in summer often extend well into the night , thanks to the famous midnight sun , and tee times regularly start at 9 p.m. "  Meadow Lakes is an incredibly scenic course , set in natural surroundings with the best greens in Yukon , " says local golfer Denny Kobayashi . "  It 's locally-owned and operated and the views of the Yukon River Valley are extraordinary . " Meadow Lake Golf Course , Alaska Hwy , Whitehorse , Yukon , Canada ; +1 867 668 4653 Golf Lounge Hamburg  Germany This urban golf spot might not have meandering fairways or beautiful water features , but the focus at the Golf Lounge Hamburg is very much on perfecting your swing . There are 40 covered , heated tee boxes spread over three levels , which makes it one of the few golf options where bad weather wo n't spoil your fun . There 's a high-tech Golf Lab where players can learn how to improve their technique with the help of radar-enabled technology , and a Putt Lab , where 2,500 sensors analyze every aspect of your swing . Afterwards , golfers can practice what they 've learned on a nine-hole putting course . Golf Lounge Hamburg , Billwerder Neuer Deich 40 , Hamburg , Germany ; +49 40 819 78 79 0 ITC Grand Bharat golf resort  Delhi , India The spectacular 27-hole golf course at the newly opened ITC Grand Bharat , on the outskirts of Delhi , is the first golf course in south Asia designed by Jack Nicklaus . The course is ideal for players of all abilities because it 's actually made up of three shorter nine-hole courses -- the Canyon , Ridge and Valley courses -- which can be played individually or together . ITC Grand Bharat golf resort , Village Dadu , Tehsil Tauru , Manesar , Gurgaon , India ; +91 1267 285 500 Yanggakdo International Hotel golf course  Pyongyang , North Korea We could n't sign off without paying tribute to what was once the world 's most bizarre inner-city golf course -- the Yanggakdo International Hotel golf course in Pyongyang , North Korea , where  at least according to his former advisers  the country 's late leader Kim Il-Sung scored countless hole-in-ones . The course was located on the same island as the hotel it was named after , which was one of the few hotels in which foreign guests could stay . Hotel and course were knocked down without warning last year and although we 're not sure what will replace it , there are sure to be many golfers out there who would 've loved the bragging rights offered by playing this one .	Minnesota 's highland National Golf Course has a Snoopy-shaped 15th hole Golfers can check out monkeys and an array of birds while playing at Nairobi 's Windsor Golf Hotel and Country Club Summer games at Canada 's Meadow Lake Golf Course can extend into the night thanks to the midnight sun
CNN  -- Fifteen people have now died after consuming cantaloupe contaminated with the listeria monocytogenes bacteria , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . At least 84 people in 19 states have become ill with the bacteria , the agency said . And the number of illnesses could still grow , added the CDC , citing reporting lags and how the disease can develop slowly in some people . On Tuesday , the CDC was reporting 13 deaths and 72 illnesses in what was already then the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998 . Five people have died in New Mexico from eating the tainted cantaloupes , the CDC said . Three people died in Colorado , two in Texas and one each in Kansas , Maryland , Missouri , Nebraska and Oklahoma . Illnesses have also been reported in Alabama , Arkansas , California , Illinois , Indiana , Montana , North Dakota , Virginia , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . What you need to know about Listeria Most of those who fell ill are more than 60 years old , the CDC said . Doctors also are closely monitoring the pregnancies of two women who ate contaminated cantaloupe , with the agency noting that listeriosis can cause miscarriages and stillbirths . Older adults and people with compromised immune systems are also especially susceptible . Public health investigators have traced the source of the bacteria to a farm in Granada , Colorado . Food Poisoning 101 The grower , Jensen Farms , issued a recall for its Rocky Ford-brand cantaloupes on September 14 . By now , the cantaloupes should all be off store shelves , the CDC said . The agency warned that people should not eat Rocky Ford cantaloupes , even if they have eaten part of one and have not yet fallen ill . It also said that consumers should be wary of eating any cantaloupes if they do n't know where they came from . How to keep your food safe	Contaminated cantaloupes have caused illnesses in 19 states , the CDC says In addition to the deaths , a total of 84 people have fallen ill , the agency says The fruits are thought to be tainted by listeria monocytogenes bacteria Colorado-based Jensen Farms has recalled its cantaloupes
