CNN  -- Costa Rican officials plan to close the country 's public zoos and open the cages where animals have been kept . Environment Minister Rene Castro says the country , long known for its biodiversity , is going in a new direction to protect wildlife : "  No cages . " Explaining the plan to close two public zoos next year , Castro described a memory from his childhood . When he was growing up , his grandmother had a pet parrot , Castro told Costa Rica 's La Nacion newspaper last week . "  One day , we took the parrot out to the patio , and a flock of wild parrots passed , and the parrot went with them , " he told La Nacion . "  It made a big impression on me because I thought that we were taking good care of her . We fed her with food and affection . ... all these things that we as humans thought she liked . And when she had the chance , she left . " As part of the government 's plan , the Simon Bolivar Zoo in the capital of San Jose -- which currently houses hundreds of animals -- will be transformed into a botanical garden . And the Santa Ana Conservation Center west of the city will be turned into a park . The animals housed in the facilities will either be released into the wild or sent to animal sanctuaries , CNN affiliate Teletica reported . Environmentalists have criticized the country 's zoos , arguing that cramped cages and unsanitary conditions are bad for animals there -- claims that zoo officials have denied . A veterinarian at the Bolivar zoo said environmentalists and the government do n't know what they 're talking about . In his view , animals should n't be released back into the wild or sent to a rescue center . "  If they close it down , none of the animals here could be released . Most have permanent injuries . Even though they have been treated , these injuries prevent them from flying or seeing well , " veterinarian Randall Arguedas told Teletica . "  Some have simply lost their natural instincts . In other words , they will always have to live in captivity . " For the Bolivar zoo , there are also legal issues to consider . The facility was franchised to a foundation called Fundazoo 20 years ago . Fundazoo officials argue that they can run the zoo until 2024 because the government missed a deadline to cancel the franchise . "  The contract 's clause that speaks about the renewal says that it renews automatically if neither party indicates that it does n't want to extend it within the first quarter of the contract year , " Fundazoo Director Yolanda Matamoros told Teletica . "  Their deadline expired on August 10 of last year . " The move to shutter zoos and ban cages is the latest step by Costa Rican officials who say they 're aiming to protect animals . The Central American country banned circuses with animal acts more than a decade ago . Sport hunting is also banned . The most recent dispute over zoo animals has already made its way to the courts , and much like the animals at its center , it 's already getting wild .	Costa Rica plans to close two public zoos next year The new policy is "  no cages , " the country 's environment minister says Zoo officials say they help animals and are challenging the move in court Environmentalists have said the zoos are unsanitary and harmful to animals
CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela has completed his recovery from a lung infection and gallstone surgery and is gradually getting back to his normal routine , a spokesman said Sunday . Presidential spokesman Mac Maharaj said Mandela , who has not appeared in public since 2010 , continues to receive treatment at his home in Houghton , a suburb of Johannesburg . Mandela was hospitalized for a lung infection in early December and a week later underwent surgery for removal of gallstones . He was discharged from the hospital after a two-week stay Keep Nelson Mandela in thoughts and prayers , Zuma says During the time of apartheid in South Africa , Mandela was convicted of sabotage and was imprisoned for 27 years until 1990 . He and former President F.W. de Klerk , who dismantled apartheid , shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 . A year later , Mandela became the nation 's first black president . In November , South Africa issued banknotes bearing Mandela 's picture . Despite his rare public appearances in recent years , Mandela retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . Mandela 's impact has extended far beyond the borders of his own country . After he left office in 1999 , he was involved in mediating conflicts from Africa to the Mideast . Mandela , 94 , also was treated for an acute respiratory infection in January 2011 . The next month he had surgery for an abdominal hernia . Nelson Mandela timeline	Mandela , 94 , was in the hospital for two weeks in December Spokesman says Mandela is gradually returning to his normal life Mandela has n't appeared in public since 2010
CNN  -- During my travels to some western countries , there have been occasions when people have asked me where I come from . When some hear that I 'm from Hong Kong , they would often say : "  So , you are Japanese ! " This has happened so often that I find it more convenient to simply tell them I 'm Chinese , rather than explain how Hong Kong 's sits in relation to mainland China . Hong Kong does not enjoy the global familiarity enjoyed by places like New York , Paris or London . The residents of these cities can just say they are from those cities to anyone in the world and there would be little questions asked about their nationality . Does the fact that the American does n't mention he is from the United States make him less American ? Of course not . One only has to walk down the streets of Manhattan and count the number of American flags to realize that New Yorkers are patriotic Americans . ` Mother China ' In Hong Kong , whenever the Chinese flag and the Hong Kong flag are flown side by side , the Chinese flag is always placed a little higher . This rightly symbolizes the fact that Hong Kong is a city within the mother country of China . But this should not deny a Hong Kong person the right to explain the difference between their city and other Chinese cities . Those that like to stoke dissent often accuse such behavior as unpatriotic . It is a fact that Hong Kong is culturally and politically distinct from other Chinese cities . We are under a different political and legal system . We have a unique history of British colonialism . Our tradition of openness and internationalism has provided us with a unique set of circumstances . All in all , the Hong Kong identity is distinctive but one that China recognizes . It is this difference that has endowed Hong Kong with an important role to play within China in the same way that Shanghai and Beijing have their respective reasons to be . I believe the majority of Hong Kong people recognizes that Hong Kong can not exist as an independent country . This is not just because of mere realism and practicality . It is fundamentally because we can readily identify with the traditions we share with our motherland and feel a substantial sense of pride in our ancient history . Unique identity Whether or not we place Hong Kong before or after China depends on certain undeniable cultural anomalies . At the end of the day , the bond we have with our fellow countrymen in the mainland is stronger than our differences . If we can overcome this seeming contradiction and concentrate on celebrating our unique identity , we can fashion Hong Kong to be a place of global relevance and at the same time help China rise as a global player . Hong Kong is Asia 's most culturally diverse city . We enjoy an international level of living standards . Our rule of law and freedom are things we cherish . We are geographically well placed to be Asia 's cultural hub . It should be the place where all the world 's important cultural events should be staged . In tandem with China 's political and economic rise during our lifetime , Hong Kong 's role in world culture is vital . It is important to recognize that it is the soft power of a country that is most appealing the world over . It is the tonic that helps to alleviate tensions that arises from issues such as territorial disputes and tourists behaving badly overseas . Countries that can handle their military , economic and cultural strengths with dexterity are those that are able to punch well above their weight . I believe the current generation of Chinese leaders are intelligent enough to recognize this fact . Under appropriate circumstances , Hong Kong people should be able to wear all our different hats with confidence and pride . As Asians , we should even be able to embrace our affinity with fellow Asians . Including the Japanese !	Hong Kong is culturally and politically distinct from other Chinese cities Douglas Young : I believe the majority of Hong Kong people recognizes that Hong Kong can not exist as an independent country Young : Hong Kong 's role in world culture is vital
From Chicago , to Georgia , to Southern California , a new social media application is causing problems on middle school and high school campuses across the United States . It 's called Yik Yak , a location-based app that creates an anonymous social chat room where up to 500 nearby users connect through GPS tracking on their phones . Less than 4 months old , Yik Yak has "  a couple hundred thousand users , mainly in Southeast/East coast campuses , " its co-founder Brooks Buffington said . Users are limited to 200 characters , and no pictures are allowed . If a post is "  down voted " enough times by other users on the forum , the comment disappears . Tech experts are comparing the new Atlanta-based app to a cross between SnapChat and Twitter . "  The app was made for college-age users or above , for college campuses and to act as a virtual bulletin board , so it acts as local Twitter for their campus , " Buffington told CNN . Although the app is meant for users age 17 and older , younger users can still sign up , and that 's where the issues have sprouted . School administrators in Chicago said teens in some of their schools have used the free app for cyberbullying . Others have made anonymous bomb threats that have led to school lockdowns . "  Students were actually coming downstairs to talk to administration , and they were mentioning remarks posted and student names that were obvious , so of course that is going to impact you , " Melvin Soto , assistant vice principal at Whitney Young High School , told CNN affiliate WLS . Some students have compared it to a virtual bathroom wall where users post vitriol and hate . "  They ripped on someone for getting raped , and that 's just so wrong . They said a whole lot of bad things about this girl , " Whitney Young student Rachel Brown told WLS . In southern California , a San Clemente High School resource officer told CNN a threatening Yik Yak post caused a bomb scare on campus . "  The school was placed on lockdown , we conducted a sweep utilizing our bomb squad and bomb-sniffing dogs and nothing suspicious was located on or near the campus , " Orange County Sheriff 's spokesman Jeff Hallock told CNN . He added that the app is so new that some students had n't even heard about it yet . In Georgia , the principal of Webb Bridge Middle School in Fulton County wrote a cautionary letter to parents warning them about the "  inflammatory -LSB- Yik Yak -RSB- app , " encouraging them to talk to their children about the "  dangers of social media . " The school district has blocked the app from its network , but Principal Susan Opferman writes , students have found ways around that too . "  If used inappropriately , Yik Yak posts can be especially vicious and hurtful , since there is no way to trace their source , and can be disseminated widely , " Opferman said in the letter . These types of incidents have caused the app 's developers to disable it in some areas . Buffington told CNN he does n't want high school students using the app . "  One of the things we were planning to do is to essentially geo-sense every high school and middle school in America , so if they try to open the app in their school , it will say something like ` no , no no , looks like you are trying to open the app on a high school or middle school and this is only for college kids , ' and it will disable it and the app wo n't work , " Buffington told CNN . "  That will completely eliminate the problem we have been seeing , so we geo-sensed the entire city of Chicago until we get this fix up . We are working on getting third-party help to get the fix in place as soon as possible . " But cyberbullying expert Justin W. Patchin says that 's just a short-term solution . He says teens will figure out a way around it . "  It is pretty impossible to limit it to the ages that the founders have intended , " said Patchin , who is the co-director at the Cyberbullying Research Center at the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire . "  When I signed up for the app , it said that you have to be 17 or above to sign in , and of course , there was n't any way of them checking my age so anybody could sign up . " The app 's developers defended their technology , saying it is used for good . "  With anonymity comes a lot of responsibility , and college kids have the maturity that it takes to handle those responsibilities , " Buffington said . "  One of my favorite use case stories is a freshman missed his flight for Christmas break , and he came back to campus and he posted on Yik Yak that the freshman dorms were closed , and so an upperclassman let him crash on his couch , " Buffington said . "  Anonymity can be a really beautiful thing , and one of the reasons we made it anonymous is it gives people a blank slate to work from , so you 're not judged on your race or sexuality or gender . On Yik Yak you are purely judged on content you create . " Buffington said . He added , "  The longer that we are around on college campuses , the better it gets . " As more applications pop up and the environments of social networking sites change , Patchin says the emphasis should be on teaching younger generations about respect in online communities . "  It is more important to talk to the students about how to treat each other respectfully . Whether it is happening in an application like this or Facebook or on e-mail , the emphasis for us has always been on those behaviors because it is easier to teach that than to restrict that to particular technology . "	Yik Yak creates an anonymous chat room of users connected by location Meant for colleges students , high schoolers have caught on , caused trouble Chicago schools report cyberbullying , and a California school reports a bomb scare The app is useful for more mature college students , app 's co-founder says
Rome  CNN  -- Angry protesters threw rocks and bottles and police lobbed tear gas canisters Tuesday in Rome 's streets after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi narrowly survived lawmakers ' confidence votes . A crowd of several hundred protesters smashed motorcycles and police vehicles as they erupted in violence and clashed with authorities following the votes . Small fires were burning in various spots , and loud explosions could be heard from firecrackers or flash-bang devices . Police charging down the Via del Corso -- one of Rome 's main shopping areas -- were pushing back protesters "  slowly but surely , " said CNN 's Dan Rivers , but he noted the protesters were "  clearly very angry . " Berlusconi retained his position Tuesday after the nation 's upper and lower houses of parliament voted in his favor . The vote in the upper house , or Senate , was 162-135 with 11 abstentions . The lower house , or Chamber of Deputies , turned in a much narrower margin -- 314-311 , with two abstentions . The vote was the latest in a series on the prime minister 's leadership . The last confidence vote for the three-term prime minister was in September . With so many lawmakers aligned against Berlusconi , however , it may be difficult for him to carry on with his legislative program , said Rivers . "  There is going to have to be a bit of horse-trading , " he noted . Police earlier had shut down the area of central Rome where the lawmakers met to vote . There was no immediate reaction to the votes or the violence from Berlusconi . In a speech Monday to lawmakers , he made a last-ditch bid to save his political life . "  He who votes against us is betraying the mandate received from the electorate , " Berlusconi said in his half-hour discourse . "  In these particularly hard times for our country , we all have to find a way to be united and do what is best for the country , " he said , adding that "  a crisis " was the last thing Italy needed now . Berlusconi said he needed a mandate to complete judicial and institutional reforms and deal with the country 's economic problems . And he called on supporters of his rival , Gianfranco Fini , not to support the left by voting against him , saying they must not "  subtract " votes from the right "  in order to add them to the opposition . " Both Berlusconi 's and Fini 's parties are on the center-right . The prime minister threw Fini out of his party over the summer , and Fini took about 40 lawmakers with him to form the Future and Liberty Party . On Monday , Berlusconi accused Fini , a co-founder of Berlusconi 's People of Freedom Party , of betraying him . And he reached out to the Christian Democratic Union , which is allied with Fini , for support . Italian President Giorgio Napolitano , who has the authority to dissolve parliament , has said he opposes new elections because they would create instability at a time of economic crisis . Last month , Fini accused Berlusconi of a lack of attention to the economic crisis and structural reforms that Italy needs . Forbes magazine ranked Berlusconi last year as the world 's 70th richest man , estimating his net worth at $ 6.5 billion . He amassed much of his wealth as a self-made media mogul , largely through the company Fininvest , and he also owns AC Milan , one of the world 's most famous soccer teams . He 's known political instability before , having served twice as prime minister  1994-95 and 2001-06  before his election in 2008 . Yet , especially in recent years , the 74-year-old has been dogged by scandal and legal troubles , in addition to his political challenges . Those challenges include a bitter divorce from Veronica Lario , his wife of 19 years , after allegations that a businessman hired escorts for the prime minister and that Berlusconi attended a birthday party for an 18-year-old girl . Videos released this fall showed Berlusconi joking about the Holocaust and calling a female opposition politician "  Pig God . " The Vatican 's official newspaper blasted the remarks , calling them "  deplorable " and calling the jokes blasphemous , anti-Semitic and sexist . Shortly afterward , in October , Italian prosecutors expanded their tax fraud investigation into Berlusconi 's Mediaset company , the nation 's largest commercial broadcaster . The prime minister has dismissed the fraud charges as politically motivated . Beyond his personal travails , there are the stark political challenges . Foremost among them , Berlusconi faces a difficult economic picture as he looks ahead to the rest of his term , which expires in 2013 . Italian unemployment is running at 8.5 percent , the highest level since 2003 , according to the Italian statistical office , and public debt is 120 percent of the country 's gross domestic product , the Bank of Italy says . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Violence erupts along a main commercial street NEW : Protesters set fires , throw bottles and rocks NEW : Protesters clash with police , who are using tear gas Berlusconi survived by a narrow margin after the vote
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- An autopsy report released Wednesday confirmed that a SeaWorld trainer killed after a 12,000-pound killer whale pulled her underwater died of drowning and traumatic injuries to her body , including her spine , ribs and head . Dawn Brancheau , 40 , was working with a whale named Tilikum in knee-deep water at SeaWorld in Orlando on February 24 when the animal grabbed her by the ponytail and pulled her underwater in front of shocked onlookers at the park 's Shamu Stadium . The autopsy report by the Orange County , Florida , medical examiner 's office says Brancheau 's spinal cord was severed , and she sustained fractures to her jawbone , ribs and to a cervical vertebra , in addition to the drowning . Rescuers were not immediately able to reach Brancheau because of the "  whale 's aggressive nature , " the county sheriff 's office said . SeaWorld staff members recovered Brancheau after Tilikum was coaxed into a smaller pool and lifted out of the water by a large platform on the bottom of the smaller tank , authorities said . Video shows Tilikum performing before attack A source at SeaWorld told CNN in February that after seizing her , the whale dove deep underwater . Brancheau 's body was recovered about 40 minutes later . Tilikum has been linked to two other deaths . He and two other whales were involved in the drowning of a trainer at a Victoria , British Columbia , marine park in 1991 . The trainer fell into the whale tank at the Sea Land Marine Park Victoria and was dragged underwater as park visitors watched . In 1999 , Tilikum was blamed for the death of a 27-year-old man whose body was found floating in a tank at SeaWorld , the apparent victim of a whale 's "  horseplay , " authorities said then . The Orange County Sheriff 's Office said the man apparently hid in the park until after it closed , then climbed into the tank . Because of Tilikum 's history , as well as his size , trainers did not get into the water with him and specific procedures were in place for working with him , SeaWorld officials have said . Two days after Brancheau 's death , the head of SeaWorld said Tilikum "  is a wonderful animal " and "  will remain an active and contributing member of the team despite what happened . " "  He 's a very special animal that requires special handling , " said Jim Achison , president of SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment . "  Obviously , the procedures that we 've had in place are something we 're revisiting at this point . " Tilikum 's size and weight -- 12,000 pounds , compared with 6,000 to 9,000 pounds for the facility 's other killer whales -- were one reason separate procedures were in place for him at the Orlando facility .	NEW : Whale 's aggressive nature prevented rescuers from immediately reaching trainer Autopsy : Dawn Brancheau suffered fractures to jawbone , ribs and a cervical vertebra Brancheau was working with a whale at SeaWorld when whale pulled her underwater Whale had been linked to two other deaths since 1991
CNN  Italian authorities have arrested 42 people suspected of belonging to a mafia network in southern Italy , some of whom are accused of extorting tens of thousands of euros from businesses monthly , police said Tuesday . Among the evidence : A piece of paper , hidden in a bicycle handlebar , that listed businesses that the crime syndicate was extorting , according to the Carabinieri , Italy 's military police . The Carabinieri said they made the arrests while raiding homes in 11 provinces . The crime network is based in Casal di Principe , a village roughly 20 kilometers  12 miles  northwest of Naples , police said . The mafia network extorted shop owners to the tune of 200,000 euros a month and extorted operators of slot machines and online gambling a further 100,000 euros monthly , the Carabinieri said . The arrests stem from an investigation that started in October 2012 . Investigators also found notebooks with the group 's organizational chart and names of jailed associates who still were on the mafia payroll , according to the Carabinieri . The note in the bicycle handlebar was among other "  pizzini , " or little pieces of paper allegedly used by mafia members to exchange information , that investigators discovered in the probe , the military police said . In Villa Literno , close to Casal di Principe , investigators discovered a bunker that allegedly was used to hide fugitive affiliates of the mafia , the Carabinieri said . An anti-mafia prosecutor in Naples filed charges against the 42 , including mafia association , extortion and illegal possession of weapons .	Police say a note hidden in a bike 's handlebar listed extorted businesses The crime network is based in Casal di Principe , a village near Naples , police say Arrests stemmed from investigation that began in 2012
JAMAICA PLAIN , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Lucy Valena is hooked on coffee . Lucy Valena went to Seattle to learn from the best baristas before opening her Boston espresso company . "  I had my first shot of espresso when I was 14 , " she says . "  And it was pretty amazing for me . " With the dream of opening a coffee house , Valena -- a 24-year-old artist -- went to Seattle , Washington , to learn at the aprons of the best . "  The first time I went into a cafe , I saw someone pour the leaf , the rosetta , on top of a latte , and I 'll never forget , I just saw that barista pour that rosetta and I said , ` I 'm not leaving this town until I learn how to do that . ' " Valena returned to Boston , Massachusetts , and launched Voltage Coffee , a mobile espresso catering company , last fall . "  When I was in Seattle , I kind of was amazed by this kind of wired culture that they have going on there . People are just obsessed , " Valena says . "  They just make this amazing coffee and are just really caffeinated and just getting stuff done . It 's a very exciting place to be . "  So when I moved back to Boston , I really wanted to kind of bring that energy back with me in a way . And Voltage Coffee is a way to bring that on the road and bring it into other peoples ' environments instead of bringing them into a separate place . It 's bringing the caffeine to the people , " she says . Watch Valena talk about her enthusiasm for coffee " Her corporate headquarters is her bedroom , and she wrote her business plan "  with all these Business Plan Writing for Dummies books , " she says . Valena then took her plan to the Small Business Administration and was directed to Accion USA , a company specializing in microloans . Accion had just begun a partnership with the Boston Beer Company -- brewer of Samuel Adams beers -- to help small food and beverage businesses get funding and free advice . "  I love Lucy 's dedication to the quality of her product , " says Samuel Adams founder Jim Koch . "  I 'm a big believer that a great product , and the passion that an entrepreneur brings to that , can carry a long way if you have a helping hand . "  Lucy stands out as an entrepreneur because she 's got a lot of energy , she 's got a huge amount of passion for coffee , for her product . And she does wonderful things about quality . "  She makes her own flavorings from scratch with fresh ingredients . So , that reminded me a lot of brewing and how we make our beer , and of course you know I believe that anything brewed is good . " Valena started Voltage with $ 2,000 of her own cash and a $ 4,000 loan she got through the Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream program . That $ 6,000 "  covered the espresso machine , the grinders , my table , some membership costs , licensing ... and my costs for a few months with the commercial kitchen facility , " she says . Now she 's focused on opening a storefront . But she has to incorporate , find a space and get a loan . "  I need to convince someone to give me 180 grand , " she says . "  That 's a good chunk of change . " Despite the economy , Valena remains undaunted : "  I 'm just going to keep working at it . I 'm not letting up . I 'm not letting up , Boston ! I do n't care ! "	Lucy Valena traveled to Seattle to learn from the best baristas She returned to Boston and launched a mobile espresso catering company last fall Valena started with $ 2,000 of her own cash and a $ 4,000 loan from brewer Beer maker helps small food and beverage businesses get funding , advice
Wired  -- Airports are known for rules and regulations , a reputation that applies to the runways as well . Almost all airport designs are governed by regulations established by the International Civil Aviation Organization to ensure pilots circling Toledo or Timbuktu remain properly oriented and deliver passengers and cargo safely . Lauren O'Neil turns those strictures into art , with the help of Google Earth . The Brooklyn-based designer has made a meticulous study of airport runways and logged the results on a Tumblr called Holding Pattern . These views reveal beautiful compositions at airports that are nothing special at ground level . "  I 've found even the most humdrum cities or outdated terminals can have beautiful compositions from bird 's - eye , " O'Neil says . "  Even Cleveland rocks ! " Dozens of carefully cropped images reveal common traits among airports , and the logic and order embodied by seemingly random lines becomes clear . Here are some tips to help make sense of the mishmash of lines and symbols you might see from seat 17F . Runway Math Airport runways are n't numbered based on priority , but compass bearings . A runway that is 194 째 away from magnetic north would be simplified to 190 째 to prevent rounding errors , and the last digit is dropped , leaving it at 19 . Fun fact : Most runways are able to be used in both directions , and when approached from the opposite side the runway 's number is achieved by subtracting 18 or 180 째 . Flying Fonts Airports use a specialized font to number their runways . It 's highly geometric , which eliminates confusing curves and can be reduced to simple schematics , making it easy for groundskeepers lacking typographic training to recreate . The font apparently has no name , but the numbers are called "  runway designators " in pilot parlance . Read more : Picasso 's ` Blue Room ' has a hidden occupant just beneath the surface Look Out ! Lines radiating like spokes around unpaved patches are common in many of O'Neil 's images and act as warnings to pilots to stay off the airport 's lawn . Many airports are built on soft soils , so a fully-loaded Airbus A380 , weighing 230 metric tons at takeoff , will sink into a patch of sod quickly , requiring hours of recovery , repair , and rerouting . USA ! USA ! Not only does the United States refuse to get on board with the metric system and day/month notation , but we ca n't even agree with anyone aside from the Philippines on what to call the area of pavement where passengers get on and off the planes . From Cootamundra Airport in Australia to the Bloodvein River Airport in central Canada , this area is called an apron . Here in the states , we call it a ramp . Whatever you do , do n't call it a tarmac unless it 's actually got a tar surface . Flyer 's Ed A runway , like most roads , has a center line . But there are plenty of markings unfamiliar to drivers . Eight white bars that resemble piano keys mark the threshold and give pilots an indication of where it would be safe to touch down . Two large white rectangles are the aiming points -- the areas pilots should , well , aim for , followed by touchdown markers represented by four white bars . Chevrons at the end of the runway mark the direction of a given strip , but if your plane hits one during takeoff or landing know that a disaster was narrowly averted . Read more : World 's most stylish supercars take a luxury road trip Lines of White ? Ready for Flight ! Lines of Yellow ? Prepare to Mellow . No pilots actually say this , but it 's good to know that if you see white lines and markings it means you 're en route to take off . If you see yellow lines and markings , you 're stuck on the taxiway . About the Artist O'Neil always has lived under the flight paths of airports -- a tiny municipal airstrip in her hometown and JFK in New York City -- and grew fascinated by the cadence of departures and the changing flight paths over the course of the day . During a moment of wanderlust she opened Google Earth and started contemplating runway layouts from a birds-eye perspective . O'Neil traveled the globe , virtually , to create beautiful images based on bureaucratic design guidelines . With her art direction , Denver 's broad expanses of dull grey concrete tiles became dynamic . Her crop of a runway in Wellington , New Zealand , laced with bright yellow lines became a work worthy of Joan Mir처 . And hidden treasures , like an inscription in honor of Amelia Earhart , was uncovered in the aesthetic wasteland that is Newark 's Liberty International airport . Each image starts with a clear itinerary , but O'Neil is open to diversions . "  I 'm really drawn to the patterns , line work , and typography on the tarmac -- especially as it contrasts with the geography , " she says . "  I was really inspired by the Madrid-Barajas airport after mapping it for Holding Pattern . Everything seemed so considered and straightforward , which lent itself to stronger compositions , " she says . Turns out , MAD is considered a textbook example of good runway design , known for maximizing the flow of air traffic in a compressed amount of space . Read more : 400 years of beautiful , historical , and powerful globes Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Brooklyn-based designer Lauren O'Neil turns airport runways into art O'Neil used Tumblr to document her work Her images reveal the common traits among airports
CNN  -- Police are seeking a pair of suspects in a Sunday church service shooting in Richmond , California , that left two teenagers injured , though authorities are still looking for a motive in what they say was a targeted operation . Police believe they have identified at least two of the three hooded men who entered New Gethsemane Church of God in Christ about 12:30 p.m. Sunday . Amid a congregation of about 100 , one of them opened fire . "  We 're hoping we can make an arrest sometime in the near future , " Richmond police spokeswoman Sgt. Bisa French told CNN . Police are withholding the suspects ' names . French said they 're in their late teens or early 20s and live in Richmond , about 12 miles north of Oakland . Church officials say the two congregants injured on Sunday , age 14 and 19 , are brothers . "  We 're not sure if those two victims were targeted , but someone definitely in that general area where the victims were was targeted , " French said . The victims are expected to make full recoveries , police said . Officials at the church said they are determined to continue operating as normal . Hours after the shooting , a Sunday Bible study was held as planned , with about 15 people attending . "  I 'm sure there 's some fear and shock , but we 're not running , " said Ezekiel Wallace , the church deacon . "  We are going to be doing what we always do : Pray and have church . " "  We 're not scared , but we 're sort of mystified because this is God 's church , " said Earl Young , a church member since 1967 . "  We refuse to let the devil make us run and hide because that 's probably what they want us to do . " CNN 's Dan Gilgoff and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Police think they identified two of three gunmen who opened fire at Richmond , California church Two teens shot at New Gethsemane Church of God in Christ They are expected to make full recoveries Police have no motive for the church attack
CNN  -- The body of Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud , the heir to the Saudi throne who died in New York on Saturday , arrived Monday in the Saudi capital , greeted by crowds of people , authorities and troops . The body was flown into Riyadh Air Base , according to two Saudi government officials . The death of Sultan , the half-brother of King Abdullah , raises succession questions in the key oil-producing country at a time of turmoil in the Arab world . Sultan was thought to be in his 80s . He had been ill for some time -- various reports indicated he was battling cancer -- and was receiving treatment in a New York hospital at the time of his death . His burial is scheduled for Tuesday , officials have said . Sultan had served for decades as the Saudi defense minister . President Barack Obama called him a "  valued friend " of the United States . Ascension to the Saudi throne does not pass from father to son . Instead , it 's a complex process , and decisions in the conservative kingdom are often cloaked in secrecy . King Abdullah set up the Allegiance Council in 2006 to allow for more transparency in the succession . It was unclear when the group , made up of members of the royal family , will be employed to make a decision on the next crown prince . Sultan 's death leaves his brother Nayef , a reputed conservative , as the likely successor . Nayef has served as the Saudi interior minister since 1975 and oversaw the kingdom 's counterterrorism efforts . Sultan took a leading role in Saudi Arabia 's involvement in the 1991 Gulf War against Iraq , heading a coalition of about half a million troops from more than 30 countries . Abdullah left a hospital in Riyadh on Saturday following successful back surgery , the Saudi Press Agency reported . It was the third back surgery in the past year for the 87-year-old king . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	The crown prince 's burial is scheduled for Tuesday He died Saturday in a New York hospital His death raises succession questions for Saudi Arabia
The deaths of six U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan are being tied , directly or indirectly , to the search for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl after he went missing and was captured by the Taliban in 2009 , former unit members allege . The former soldiers ' controversial accusations come days after Bergdahl was released after almost five years of enemy captivity . A U.S. official told CNN that Pentagon and Army officials have looked at the claims , and "  right now there is no evidence to back that up . " Asked about the debate , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told reporters Wednesday that he did not know of specific circumstances or details of soldiers allegedly dying as a result of the efforts to find Bergdahl . It is also "  unfair " to Bergdahl and his family to presume anything about his motivations for leaving the base , Hagel said . He stressed that the Army would conduct a review of the case . Former Army Sgt. Evan Buetow , Bergdahl 's former team leader , elaborated on the accusations . "  I ca n't say for a fact and I do n't know if there is really anyone who can prove that soldiers died on a directed mission to find Bergdahl . However , every mission , especially in the following two or more months -- those were directed missions , " he told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  Everything after that , they were still missions that were in search of Bergdahl . " Here 's a look at those six fallen soldiers . 2nd Lt. Darryn Deen Andrews Andrews was killed in September 2009 when enemy forces attacked his vehicle with a roadside bomb and a rocket-propelled grenade in the Yahya Khel district of Paktika province , Afghanistan . The Dallas , Texas , native was 34 . Andrews ' mother , who still wears her son 's ID tags , spoke to KHOU this week . The CNN affiliate reported Andrews died using his body to shield two other soldiers from a blast . Sondra Andrews feels her son was killed trying to save a "  traitor . " "  My son 's life was worth more than that , " she told KHOU . Staff Sgt. Clayton Patrick Bowen Staff Sgt. Clayton Patrick Bowen was a 12-year Army veteran who had served as a drill sergeant and shooting instructor before being shipped out to Afghanistan in February 2009 , according to a U.S. Army account of his service . The 29-year-old San Antonio , Texas , man was traveling to provide security for Afghanistan 's presidential elections when his vehicle hit a roadside bomb on August 18 , 2009 , according to the Army account . He and another soldier , Pfc. Morris Lewis Walker , died . Bowen , who joined the Army straight out of high school , served as a member of the 82nd Airborne Division 's All-American Chorus before deploying to Afghanistan with the 501st Infantry Regiment . He also was featured as the cover model for a book on how to survive basic combat training , the Army account quoted his mother , Reesa Doebbler , as saying . "  Clay had a sense of humor second to none and lit up a room when he walked in , " Doebbler said in a 2010 CNN iReport . Pfc. Morris Lewis Walker Walker died at age 23 when a roadside bomb exploded as he traveled through Afghanistan 's Dila district . He died alongside Staff Sgt. Bowen on a mission to provide security for Afghanistan 's presidential elections , according to the Army . Walker joined the Army in 2008 after attending the University of North Carolina , where he played on the basketball team , according to a UNC memorial web page . "  If you got to spend time with Mo Walker , you remembered it , " the student newspaper , The Daily Tar Heel , quoted former student Sam Rosenthal as saying . "  He had a charisma and a warmth that just rubbed off and also a pride and a sense about himself . I had never met anybody with so much confidence and even borderline arrogance that never rubbed people the wrong way . " Staff Sgt. Kurt Robert Curtiss Curtiss joined the Army the day after the 9/11 attack , according to CNN affiliate KSL . He was shot to death during a firefight in which his unit was supporting Afghan security forces in Paktika province on August 26 , 2009 . The Murray , Utah , man died during what the Army called a clearing operation at a hospital at a medical clinic in Sar Hawza . He was a well-regarded squad leader whose leadership style engendered fierce loyalty in at least one soldier -- the squad member who faced an onslaught of enemy fire in an effort to rescue him , the Army said in a 2009 article about two soldiers awarded the Silver Star for actions during the firefight . "  When I first got here , he showed me everything , " the Army piece quoted one of those soldiers , Spec . Robert Parson , as saying . "  Just small things that only a veteran would know . " He left behind a wife , two small children , and a humorous reputation , his mother , Ruth Serrano , told KSL . "  He was quite the joker , " she said . "  He could cheer up anybody . " Pfc. Matthew Michael Martinek Martinek died September 11 , 2009 , at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Landstuhl , Germany , of injuries suffered from an attack about a week earlier in Afghanistan . Enemy forces attacked his vehicle with a roadside bomb , a rocket-propelled grenade and small-arms fire in Paktika province . His mother spoke to CNN affiliate KTUU , praising her son 's sacrifice . Martinek was sent to Afghanistan during the first quarter of 2009 , the station said . "  What we hope will not be lost on the American people is the true heroism of the soldiers who risked their safety to relentlessly attempt to rescue Bowe , " said Cheryl Brandes . "  One of those brave men was our son and brother Matthew Martinek . " Martinek , 20 , was a native of DeKalb , Illinois . Staff Sgt. Michael Chance Murphrey Murphrey was killed in September 2009 when forces attacked his unit with a roadside bomb in Paktika province . A native of Snyder , Texas , he was 25 . According to an online obituary , Murphrey decided he wanted to be an Army paratrooper when his family took him skydiving on his 17th birthday . He loved to hunt , hike , camp and fish . Murphrey was survived by his wife and two young children , a son and daughter . EXPLORE : War Casualties Memorial Obama : I do n't apologize for Bergdahl swap How big a terror risk are former Guantanamo prisoners ?	Former soldiers allege at least six soldiers were killed in Bergdahl search U.S. official : "  Right now there is no evidence to back that up " A mother of one says she feels her son died trying to save a "  traitor " Another is remembered as a joker , someone who could cheer up anyone
CNN  -- Syria faced additional sanctions from its Arab League neighbors Monday unless it agreed to allow international observers into the country to monitor an agreement to end a months-old crackdown on anti-government protesters . As a midnight Sunday  5 p.m. ET  deadline passed , there was no immediate indication that Syrian officials had responded to the ultimatum . Syria 's state-run news agency said the country could withstand sanctions already imposed by the Arab League and by neighboring Turkey , and human rights and opposition groups said at least 22 more people were killed as the clampdown continued . Over the weekend , Arab League officials meeting in the Qatari capital Doha responded to requests by Damascus for some clarifications to the plan , but did not make any key changes , according to Qatar 's foreign minister , Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani . Ministers agreed over the weekend to freeze the assets of more top Syrian officials , reduce flights in and out of the country by half and impose a complete ban on weapons shipments to Syria , a statement from the Arab League said . "  You saw yesterday human rights abuses , and this keeps building up , " al-Thani said over the weekend . "  Our mission is that none of these abuses continue anywhere in the Arab states , including Syria . " He warned that the Syrian crisis could be "  internationalized " unless the government of Bashar al-Assad complies with a deal to end its clampdown on opposition . Syria agreed in November to halt all violence , release all detainees , withdraw all security forces from populated areas and allow unfettered access to the nation by journalists and Arab League monitors -- but opposition groups say assaults by government troops and police have continued , and no monitors have been put in place . The Arab League responded by announcing economic sanctions in late November . But Ahmed Hamoudi , general coordinator of the Egypt-based Syrian Revolution Coordination , expressed skepticism about whether the sanctions would help end al-Assad 's 11-year rule . "  The economic sanctions by the Arab League serve a good purpose of pressuring the Syrian regime and weakening it , but I do n't think the Arab League will be able to fulfill the political ambitions of the Syrians -- and that is to topple the Assad regime , " Hamoudi said . "  We want to see the Syrian file taken to the U.N. Security Council and more immediate measures on the ground , like a no-fly zone and a buffer zone at the Turkish border . " The United Nations estimates that more than 4,000 people have died since mid-March , and the death toll continues to rise . The Local Coordinating Committees of Syria , an opposition umbrella group , said 22 people had been killed Sunday . All but one of the deaths occurred in the city of Homs , the scene of much of the recent unrest , the group said . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the toll at 40 , including five soldiers who had defected and taken up arms against the government . The deaths included 26 in Homs , three in the suburbs of Damascus and six in Idlib , near the Turkish border . An opposition website based in Idlib reported clashes between military defectors and Syrian troops on a highway . Two defectors and an army colonel were killed , the website said . CNN could not independently confirm the accounts , since the Syrian government has limited access to the country by international reporters . Arab League sanctions already imposed in November include cutting ties with Syria 's central bank , banning high-profile Syrian officials from visiting Arab nations and freezing the assets of the Syrian government , according to a senior league official who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media . In a statement issued late Sunday , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said the nation would survive the sanctions being imposed on it by its neighbors . "  Although they will affect the livelihood of Syrian citizens , Syria will overcome those sanctions by virtue of its strategic location and the diversity of its production sectors , " the news agency said . And it said Damascus was ending a free-trade agreement with Turkey and slapping a tariff on Turkish goods imported into Syria in retaliation for sanctions Turkey has imposed . The number of deaths across Syria has reached at least 4,000 since the crackdown began in mid-March and could be much higher , Navi Pillay , U.N. high commissioner for human rights , said Thursday . The uprising against al-Assad began in February . Demonstrations have continued across the country , with protesters demanding his ouster and democratic elections . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Yasmin Amer and Rima Maktabi contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Our mission is that none of these abuses continue anywhere , " Qatar 's FM says NEW : Estimates of Sunday 's death toll range from 22 to 40 Syria faces new sanctions if it refuses to allow Arab League monitors Opposition says sanction 's wo n't topple al-Assad
CNN  -- It seems that now someone called "  Barack Hussein Obama " can be pulled aside and patted down merely because of his name . But while our president has the benefit of Air Force One , millions of us with a "  funny name "  Muslim and otherwise  do not . Like me . I 've consistently faced "  random " selections for extra screening at the airport after I decided to wear the hijab , or Muslim head covering . I 've been told to take my head scarf off or have my head probed while the passengers in front of me offered pitying smiles as they rushed to their flights . One time , the woman in front of me had a hairdo that could pose more of a security threat than any head scarf could . Muslim women wear the hijab as a symbol of modesty , to be judged not by their appearance . The Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. dreamed that people would be judged for "  the content of their character . " However , the Transportation Security Administration is judging me and other Muslims by the way we look . The TSA uses the hijab to profile Muslim women , and passengers can now expect a full-body pat-down , an appallingly invasive "  enhanced pat-down search that could include the chest and groin , or a planned "  mind-scan " that would track people 's reaction to terrorist symbols . What 's next , palm reading ? At an airport with a full body scanner , I can have the image of my body displayed before a stranger -- virtual nudity . Do they seriously have a blank check on our bodies ? Of course I care about profiling partly because I 'm affected . But does one have to face this issue to feel that it 's wrong ? After all , it is difficult to imagine ourselves in other people 's shoes when we do n't have to . It 's hard for me too . Especially over the past month , I 've been shocked at the comments about my faith , and the sometimes-prejudiced support for racial profiling . Radio host Mike Gallagher said , "  There should be a separate line to scrutinize anybody with the name Abdul or Ahmed or Mohammed . " Sorry Paula Abdul and Muhammad Ali , or anyone with the world 's most common name , Muhammad . For people who are n't affected by racial profiling at airports , imagine this : The TSA implements a new rule to counter drunken driving , which kills over 13,000 Americans every year . People who are not Muslim have to go through a Breathalyzer test before they can enter their vehicle . Muslims do n't drink alcohol and are , therefore , exempt . Ridiculous ? I agree . I know that what I am going through is just the tip of the iceberg of racial profiling in our country . Thirty-two million Americans report that they have been the victims of racial profiling . Racial profiling violates the U.S. Constitution , is ineffective and trickles down to the workplace , schools and elsewhere . You also run into problems when you justify profiling nearly one in every four people in the world . There are Muslims of every possible race , making profiling practically futile . Fareed Zakaria said it best : "  When you 're trying to find a needle in a haystack , adding hay does not help you . " Putting ethical and pragmatic reasons aside , it 's hard to justify not caring . Even if racial profiling does n't affect us , it affects our friends , family members , co-workers , doctors , television personalities -- the list goes on . There are some people who do n't know Muslims and are numb to realizing the effects of profiling . Therein lies the problem . According to the Pew Research Center , people who know Muslims are less likely to have negative views of them . Co-existence is a dismal possibility unless people go to the source to find out about Islam , not skewed Web sites . And Muslims , here 's something to think about : If your knowledge of Islam came from common stereotypes , would n't you also be misinformed about the faith and its followers ? The Quran says , " -LSB- God has -RSB- made you into nations and tribes , so that you might come to know one another  49:13  . " So get to know your fellow Americans . There are some Americans who think Muslims are terrorists and some Muslims who think that other Americans are willfully ignorant . Neither group deserves such a label . Psychologist Henri Tajfel , who was a Holocaust survivor , explained how we isolate ourselves into an "  in-group " and facilitate discrimination of an "  out-group . " Religious profiling boxes Muslims into a category separate from Americans . We ca n't accept that distinction . Let 's all think outside of the box . It 's essential for U.S. security that airport screening be done . But we need to stop the inflation of procedures that make our society more afraid and less secure . The TSA needs to stop and evaluate methods that are more effective , less invasive , and do n't discriminate based on religion or race . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nafees A. Syed .	Nafees Syed : Millions face extra screenings at airports for having "  funny names " Syed says she has been singled out for extra screening because of Muslim head covering She writes that racial profiling violates the U.S. Constitution and is ineffective Syed : We need to know one another and stop procedures that make us more afraid
LONDON , England -- Graffiti artist Banksy , famed for infiltrating museum collections without their knowledge and spray-painting public buildings around the world , is holding his first major exhibition in years . A Banksy painting of the British House of Commons at England 's Bristol museum . This time , however , the anonymous artist worked in tandem with the director of Bristol museum in the UK . CNN 's Max Foster got a preview of his largest project to date . The artist 's anonymity gained him notoriety and he became one of the art world 's biggest names with his works selling at auction for hundreds of thousands of dollars . The exhibition 's range , while very varied , remained true to Banksy form with his usual unconventional take on art . See pictures from Banksy 's exhibition " "  I think we might have dragged them down to our level rather than being elevated to theirs " Banksy , who is thought to be from Bristol , said about the museum . He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security , as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows ' imminent arrival . His work is hidden among the museum 's usual exhibits and is split into different rooms , including installations , paintings and sculptures . In one of the paintings , a character has been cut out and is instead sitting on the painting 's frame , perhaps taking a break from posing ? Another piece , which at first glance , looks like a copy of an ancient classical statue , is in fact a woman over-loaded with countless shopping bags as she browses for yet another item . Perhaps the most controversial , yet equally light-hearted piece , is a painting of the British Parliamentary House of Commons , filled with chimpanzees who are looking surprisingly "  ministerial . " "  You paint a hundred chimpanzees and they call you a guerilla artist , " Banksy said . While one of the more poignant installations is that of Tweety , the Warner Bros. animated character famous for his upbeat personality and energy , looking old and life-less . "  This show is my vision of the future , " the artist said . Banksy is unlikely to show up at the exhibition as he attempts to retain his anonymity . But while we may never know his identity , with this latest show , Banksy has definitely shown yet another facet of his personality . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report	Banksy , the world-famous British graffiti artist will unveil his largest project to date A surprise show is held from June 13 until August 31 at the Bristol museum , UK Banksy has remained true to form with his unconventional take on art
CNN  Imprisoned soldier Chelsea Manning can now communicate with the world -- in 140 characters or less . Manning , who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents , appears to have joined Twitter this week . In a series of tweets , the prisoner formerly known as Bradley Manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm Fitzgibbon Media , which will post them on her behalf . She is not allowed Internet access in prison , according to The Guardian . "  It will be hard , but I do n't want this Twitter feed to be a one-way street/conversation , " Manning posted to her nearly 26,000-plus followers . Manning was sentenced in 2013 , and in August of that year , she said she wanted to transition to a female . The Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Barracks in Kansas , where she is serving her sentence , has authorized hormone therapy for her treatment . Manning said she suffers from gender dysphoria . Her lawyers describe it as "  the medical diagnosis given to individuals whose gender identity -- their innate sense of being male or female -- differs from the sex they were assigned at birth , causing clinically significant distress . " Last year , a Kansas judge granted her request to be formally known as Chelsea Elizabeth Manning . The former Army intelligence analyst was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to WikiLeaks in what has been described as the largest leak of classified material in U.S. history . She was found guilty of 20 of the 22 charges , including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act . Manning has written opinion pieces for The New York Times and The Guardian from prison .	Manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents She says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets
CNN  -- Dozens of women and at least five children were arrested on Saturday after demonstrations were held in two Saudi cities , Riyadh and Buraida , according to human rights activists . The women were demanding the release of relatives they say have been held for years without access to lawyers or a trial , the activists said . Mohammed Al-Qahtani , a prominent activist currently on trial in Saudi Arabia on charges that include breaking allegiance to the Saudi king , told CNN the women who were protesting are "  female relatives of political prisoners . " "  They are asking the authorities to either take these prisoners to court , " said Al-Qahtani , "  or set them free . " In the capital city of Riyadh , one activist who was part of the demonstration said it was held outside a building that houses one of the country 's government-backed human rights groups . The activist , who requested anonymity for fear for her safety , said she had to quickly flee the scene to avoid arrest . About 50 women demonstrated there , and at least two of them had been arrested as police tried to disperse the crowd , she said . "  They went out there today to ask that their relatives be freed , " said the activist . "  They have been in prison for a long time and have had no lawyer and no trial . " According to two other activists , three of the women arrested in Riyadh were the wife and daughter and granddaughter of Suleiman al-Rashudi , a political activist who was arrested in December after giving a lecture in which he said protests were permitted in Islam . Al-Rashudi previously spent five years in detention and was found guilty last year of , among other things , financing terrorism , incitement against the king and attempting to seize power . One amateur video purportedly shot at the scene shows women , some who brought their children , chanting , "  The people call for the liberation of the prisons . " In Buraida , the provincial capital of deeply conservative Qassim Province , activists say at least 26 women protested and were arrested outside the city 's Board of Grievances on Saturday -- the scene of a similar protest in early January . Many of the women brought their children , who they say were also arrested . One of the female protesters , Um Abdullah , spoke to CNN by phone as she was being held in a police station in Buraida . "  I demonstrated for the release of my husband , Abdulmalek Al-Muqdin , " explained Um Abdullah , "  who has been in jail without charge for 12 years . " According to Um Abdullah , whose son was detained alongside her , the police told her and the other women that they would be released if they signed a piece of paper that would compel them to show up at any government office if summoned to do so , but the women refused to do so . One amateur video posted online purports to show several of the women , and some of the children , in the back of a police bus after having been detained . In the video , the women express solidarity with the political prisoners in Saudi Arabia . Despite repeated efforts , CNN has been unable to reach Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry for comment . Protests are prohibited in Saudi Arabia . In early January , a small group of women held a demonstration in the same part of Buraida , calling for the release of detained family members . Their arrest , a short time later , caused great outrage and sparked several days of small protests in various cities . Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry confirmed to CNN later in the month that the women were eventually all released . When asked in late January about demonstrators ' claims that their relatives are political prisoners who should be released , Interior Ministry Spokesman Major Gen. Mansour Al-Turki told CNN that Saudi government officials would not comment on cases currently being "  looked at by the courts .	Activists report arrests of women in Saudi cities Protesters unhappy with pace of judicial system Saudi officials have been reluctant to comment
CNN  -- North America 's tallest mountain has lost some of its stature -- 83 feet of it to be precise . Alaska 's lieutenant governor announced Wednesday that new mapping technology puts Mount McKinley at 20,237 feet rather than the 20,320 it was pegged at . "  That 's 83 feet shorter than we thought , " Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell said in a statement . He made the announcement Wednesday at a symposium of the International Map Collectors ' Society in Anchorage . The 20,320 height had stood since 1952 , when the mountain was measured using a technology called photogrammetry , Treadwell 's announcement said . The new height was measured last year with a radar mapping system deployed by the Statewide Digital Mapping Initiative in cooperation with the U.S. Geological Survey . The project will produce 11,000 new maps of the 49th state by 2016 , according to the statement . Alaskans , including two who 've climbed Denali , as it is called in Alaska , were unfazed by the news . "  It 's hard to climb , and the air is just as thin , " mountaineer Stan Justice told the Fairbanks News Miner . "  It 's still high , it 's still hard , it 's still cold , " climber Nick Parker told the Anchorage Daily News . "  As long as it 's higher than Texas , I do n't care . " And still hundreds of feet ahead of Canada . That 's where North America 's second-tallest peak , Mount Logan at 19,551 feet , sits .	North America 's tallest peak is 83 feet shorter The 20,320 height had stood since 1952 Project will produce 11,000 new maps of Alaska by 2016
CNN  -- Doctors Without Borders has embarked on a massive vaccination campaign in three African countries to combat an outbreak of meningitis that has killed hundreds of people , the organization said Wednesday . A child gets vaccinated against meningitis in Niger in August 2007 . The vaccinations are being carried out in Niger , Nigeria , and Chad -- part of a large swath of what is known as the "  meningitis belt " of sub-Saharan Africa , the organization said . The "  belt " stretches from Senegal to Ethiopia . Doctors Without Borders , widely known by its French name , Medecins Sans Frontieres , said medical teams have treated and vaccinated 5.4 million people and plan on vaccinating another 1.7 million -- making the vaccination campaign the organization 's largest ever . The group said more than 1,900 people have died in this outbreak since January . More than 56,000 cases have been reported in Nigeria , Niger and Chad alone , the organization said . Last month , the World Health Organization said the disease was at epidemic level in 76 areas of in Niger and Nigeria , and a spokesman in Nigeria , Dr. Olaokun Soyinka , said the outbreak was "  bigger than usual . " In March , the organization said a total of 24,868 suspected cases had been reported in the "  meningitis belt , " including 1,513 deaths . The outbreak began around the start of the year , Soyinka told CNN . It usually peaks in the dry season because of dust , winds and cold nights , before dipping around May when the rains come , he said . Meningitis is an infection of the meninges , the thin lining that surrounds the brain and the spinal cord , according to the World Health Organization . Several different bacteria can cause meningitis but Neisseria meningitidis -- which is to blame for the current outbreak -- is one of the most important because of its potential to cause epidemics .	Doctors Without Borders embark on vaccination campaign to combat outbreak Vaccinations being done in Niger , Nigeria , Chad , where over 56,000 cases reported 5.4 million people have been treated , vaccinated ; 1.7 million more to be vaccinated Over 1,900 people have died in this outbreak since January
CNN  -- Fifty years ago this week , the civil rights movement rocked the nation 's capital . Bayard Rustin , Martin Luther King , Roy Wilkins and the other major civil rights leaders led thousands of activists in a march on Washington . Their goal was to build pressure on Congress to move forward with the civil rights bill that President Kennedy had proposed . The march remains one of the most powerful examples of how social movements can affect political leaders and help break through the gridlock that often seizes Washington . Although politicians and pundits constantly express nostalgia that things were easier in the past , the fact is that Congress has always been a notoriously difficult institution . Where the problem today is that the parties are so polarized there is little room for agreement , in the early 1960s , the parties were so internally divided that bipartisan coalitions were able to stop legislative deals . Brazile : We 're closer to the American dream During the 1950s and early 1960s , an era when scholars and reporters complained about how little was accomplished on Capitol Hill , the main source of obstruction came from Southern Democrats and their conservative Republican allies . The "  do-nothing Congress " was a familiar complaint then as it is now . Southerners used their power as committee chairmen as well as the threat of the filibuster in the Senate to prevent action on civil rights and to ensure that any bill that did make it through -- as occurred in 1957 and 1960 -- was so watered down that it was ineffective . Our lessons with Martin Luther King Much to the chagrin of civil rights leaders , President Kennedy had shied away from proposing civil rights legislation during most of his term . He feared that sending a bill to Congress would hurt him in the 1964 election and cause Southerners to increase their opposition to his other domestic initiatives , like Medicare  in fact , Southerners ended up opposing civil rights and everything else , so Kennedy 's strategy did not work  . Civil rights activists responded by continually applying pressure on the White House to take action . Activists staged protests throughout the South , hoping that civil disobedience -- and the violent responses of Southern authorities -- would stimulate national outrage about racial conditions in Dixie . They were right . These efforts culminated in June 1963 , when the police tactics of Sheriff Bull Connor and the Birmingham , Alabama , police force against African-Americans , including the use of fire hoses and police dogs against children , were so abhorrent that Kennedy could no longer hold back on proposing a bill . Indeed , liberal Republicans and Democrats were ready to move forward without the president . 50 years after King , hidden racism lives on After Kennedy had finally sent a bill to the House , civil rights leaders rightfully did n't have faith that Congress would move forward with it , or that Kennedy would work hard to make sure the bill did not die . They had seen a Congress that was so gridlocked on this and other issues , they did n't have much reason to believe that this time things would be different . So ordinary citizens took it on themselves . At the end of August , they conducted the massive March on Washington aimed at the nation but also at the legislators , who were impressed by the force of the protest . John Lewis , then one of the leaders of Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee , told those assembled on the National Mall : "  By and large , American politics is dominated by politicians who build their careers on immoral compromises and ally themselves with open forms of political , economic and social exploitation ... . Where is the political party that will make it unnecessary to march on Washington ? " Opinion : The anger , the fear , the love and the hope The march was considered to be a stunning success , an act of civil protest that won public support for the cause and convinced a growing number of legislators to support the bill . Michigan Democrat Phil Hart , a liberal who originally did not think the march would do much , admitted that the "  magnificent , moving , and edifying " protest had been effective . The overall message was clear , one that leaders would continue to communicate over the next few months . If Congress tried to stifle the civil rights bill there would be more protests like this that embarrassed the nation in the eyes of the world , as well as protests in the states and districts of key legislators who were obstructing racial justice . The civil rights bill would take some time to pass . The movement continued to put pressure on Congress , threatening even bigger marches and protests in their states if they did not act . The protests would continue throughout these months . In summer 1964 , civil rights proponents finally brought the civil rights filibuster to an end and Congress passed legislation that ended desegregation in the South . LZ Granderson : The man history erased To be sure , other factors would play an important role in the success of the civil rights bill in the coming months . JFK 's assassination had created more political pressure on Congress to finish work on the bills that he had sent them . LBJ 's legislative skills helped the White House avoid the pitfalls of the legislative process . But without the massive citizen mobilization that culminated with the March on Washington , the civil rights bill would never have succeeded . The March on Washington , combined with the other grass-roots protests , was a shining example of how gridlock can be brought to an end and how average citizens can shake the political system when key actors are blocking progress on key issues of the day . Today we should take a closer look at this march . In an age when certain members of Congress are unwilling to resolve so many issues -- from gun control to immigration -- it is worth remembering that in the past , citizens have been able to make a huge difference . Legislators are , after all , creatures of elections . If mass movements can make demands on the leadership and demonstrate the urgency of action , they might be the push legislators need toward the legislation that seems so elusive in 2013 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Americans bewail the failure of Congress to move on major issues He says the March on Washington showed how citizen protest can result in change Civil rights protesters were able to highlight injustice and to obtain remedies , he says Zelizer : We should keep the march in mind when we think of today 's Washington gridlock
CNN  -- The recent climate summit in Lima , Peru , has laid the foundations for a new climate treaty to be adopted in Paris in 2015 . We have made significant progress toward an agreement that for the first time will involve all countries in serious efforts to combat climate change . The compromise reached in Lima ensures that all opportunities are open for negotiations to be successful over the coming year . This progress is welcome because ultimately , taking action on the climate is both a moral issue and the key to our well-being . Indeed , in recognition of the importance of tackling climate change , Germany earlier this month adopted a package of measures that will considerably bolster our efforts . The package we passed provides the instruments we need to achieve our goal of cutting emissions by 40 % by 2020 compared with 1990 levels . It includes additional measures for all relevant sectors -- from energy generation , transportation and agriculture to insulating buildings . Once , such changes might have sparked widespread concern that we would somehow be hampering our competitiveness . Yet the European Union has been able to banish the myth that ambitious climate action is detrimental to the economy . Between 1990 and 2012 , for example , greenhouse gas emissions in the EU fell by 18 % , while the overall economy grew by around 45 % . The reality is that greater prosperity does n't have to mean more greenhouse gas emissions , poorer environmental protection or higher resource consumption . In fact , in the future , the opposite will surely prove to be true : Only those economies that take the Earth 's planetary boundaries seriously will be able to achieve sustained success . Of course , doubts remain . Yet 15 years after we launched our "  Energiewende " -- the move away from an energy supply based on fossil and nuclear fuels -- the economic impact has been broadly extremely positive : Renewable energy sources now account for nearly 30 % of our electricity demands , and by 2050 , our energy supply will be based almost completely on renewable sources . Indeed , the boom in environmental technologies is one of the reasons Germany made it through the economic crisis relatively unscathed . There are now over 1.5 million people working in this sector . Technologies such as photovoltaics are now commercially viable despite the doubts about their economic benefits only 10 years ago . Meanwhile , money that would otherwise have been needed to import expensive fossil resources now instead goes to individuals , cooperatives , farmers , and small and medium-sized enterprises , that can all themselves become energy suppliers . The second pillar of our climate policy is energy efficiency . In a world where political tensions are mounting even as the hunger for natural resources grows , efficient production is becoming the deciding factor for a country 's competitiveness . With this in mind , Germany supports companies that optimize their refrigeration facilities , for example , or that use heat-power co-generation . But even as we improve the standards for new construction , we also have to face the challenge of the considerable existing stock of public and private buildings . Our goal is to ensure that these buildings are climate-neutral by 2050 , and we have allocated significant state funding to stimulate private investment in improving the energy efficiency of our buildings . Scientists have long agreed that climate action strengthens economic development and creates an opportunity for comprehensive modernization of our economies . The age of fossil fuel is coming to an end , just as the age of the horse and cart , the steam locomotive and the oil lamp eventually came to an end . But to hasten this end , we must invest in our future . Scientists estimate that more than $ 90 trillion will need to be invested globally in public infrastructure and energy systems over the next 15 years . Agreements like the one in Lima will encourage greater certainty in green investment , but that deal is not the end , merely the latest part of an ongoing , global change that we need to promote . We are pleased that the United States , with recent announcements by President Barack Obama , is also willing to contribute to this change , thus testifying to the country 's continuing ability to modernize itself while retaining its traditional values . Back in September , while world leaders were preparing to attend the annual U.N. General Assembly meetings , demonstrators came together in New York to demand that we take climate change seriously . It was an inspiring scene , one that I hope all leaders took to heart . These demonstrators in New York called for us to act now , not tomorrow . Let us do just that .	Barbara Hendricks : Lima climate talks marked significant progress Tackling climate change does n't have to hurt economy , she writes Germany has passed measures to cut emissions dramatically by 2020 Germany welcomes U.S. contributions on climate policy , author says
CEDAR RAPIDS , Iowa  CNN  -- Doug Ward drives through a subdivision made up of rows of trailers . You can hear the sadness in his voice as he says , "  This just does n't feel like home . " He longs for the life he lived before devastating floods destroyed his Cedar Rapids neighborhood . The A&W Drive-In in Cedar Rapids was Doug Ward 's life for 30 years . "  I want to come back . I miss  my friends  very much , " Ward said as he escorted CNN on a tour of Cedar Rapids , Iowa , nearly a year after the floods . Ward , 64 , is an institution in the historic Time Check neighborhood just across the Cedar River from downtown . He owns the A&W Drive-In on Ellis Boulevard , a fixture on this street since 1948 . Historian Mark Stoffer Hunter calls the drive-in Cedar Rapids ' "  Eiffel Tower . " "  It 's been there for us over the decades , " Hunter said . "  It 's one of those landmarks that tells you you 're in Cedar Rapids . " When floodwaters ravaged Cedar Rapids last June , Ward 's drive-in drowned in almost 10 feet of water . Now , the drive-in sits in ruins . A&W root beer mugs covered in dried mud sit on the restaurant floor . The stench of floodwater lingers in the air . Putting together the pieces of Ward 's life hit a snag in the fall of 2008 when an economic storm swept across the country . In a matter of months , the financial support Ward needed to rebuild dried up . "  Life 's got to go on . If you sit and worry about it too much , you 'd probably be at my funeral today , " Ward said . Watch as Ward talks about the devastation in Cedar Rapids " Ward estimates that it will cost close to $ 1 million to rebuild the A&W Drive-In at its current location . He 's been able to line up $ 350,000 in loans , but that 's far short of what he needs . "  The idea that he might not be able to rebuild the business here , it hurts , " said Stoffer , the Cedar Rapids historian . "  It 's happening not just in this neighborhood , but in all the neighborhoods that were affected by the floods . " So now Ward spends a lot of time driving around Cedar Rapids scouting new locations . He wants to stay on Ellis Boulevard , but the surrounding neighborhood sits mostly empty . If people do n't move back , then there are no customers to feed . "  If the neighborhood were normal again , we 'd be up and running . But it 's not , " Ward said . Ward not only lost his business , but the house he and his wife lived in for 28 years was destroyed , too . The house today sits gutted . The flood weakened the foundation . Three estimates show it will cost $ 85,000 to make the needed repairs . FEMA gave the Wards $ 28,000 toward the costs of rebuilding their home or buying a new one . But without home insurance , it 's another cost in Ward 's mounting pile of financial troubles . Ward said if he ca n't get his business up and running soon , he 'll have to find another job . He 's tapped into retirement savings extensively , and he 's received some financial support  he wo n't specify how much  from other sources . Ward is soft spoken , yet tough . He 's faced difficult struggles all his life . His father died when he was 5 . He dropped out of school after eighth grade to earn money for his family . At 13 , he worked in a dry milk factory and spent 10 years working as a Coca-Cola delivery man . Owning the A&W Drive-In was a dream that produced a comfortable living . Now he misses the days serving his friends icy-cold root beers . But you wo n't hear him complain about the battle he 's facing . "  I 've been knocked around , but we 'll get up and get going , " he said .	The A&W in Cedar Rapids was Doug Ward 's life for 30 years until last year 's flood Almost a year later , the drive-in sits in ruins , the root beer mugs still muddied The drive-in has been a landmark in the Time Check neighborhood since 1948 It will cost upward of $ 1 million to rebuild or change locations
CNN  -- Forces loyal to embattled Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi launched a new attack on the rebel-held city of Misrata on Wednesday , with anti-government forces reporting intense shelling from three sides of the city . Thousands of government troops attacked around 6 a.m.  11 p.m. Tuesday ET  , with 13 rebels reported dead by evening . Mohamed Mokhtar , a rebel fighter wounded in Wednesday 's fighting , accused government troops of infiltrating rebel lines in cars bearing rebel flags . Dr. Khaled Abu Falgha , a spokesman for Misrata 's Hekma hospital , said it was the bloodiest day in a week in the besieged city . More than 1,000 people are believed to have been killed since the fighting began there in February , including 686 registered residents of the city , he said . Rebel fighters returning from the front lines reported that their defenses were holding up under the onslaught , however . The assault followed a day of intense bombardment of Libya 's capital by the NATO alliance , which intervened in the conflict in March under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians as Gadhafi tried to crush the revolt against him . Libya 's government said 60 missiles struck the capital city , killing at least 31 people , including a number of civilians , and wounding dozens more . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen reiterated Wednesday that the alliance is doing all it can to avoid civilian casualties . But he told reporters from allied headquarters in Brussels , Belgium , that NATO could continue the airstrikes "  for as long as it takes to bring this crisis to an early conclusion . " Rasmussen said NATO bombing has saved lives in Libya , and that the alliance has the resources to extend its military mission for another 90 days past the end of June . It is time to start planning for what to do after Gadhafi 's departure "  because Gadhafi 's reign of terror is coming to an end , " he said . Pressed by reporters on why airstrikes would be able to dislodge Gadhafi when "  the history of the last 30 years " shows that air attacks alone do not win wars , Rasmussen offered no clear answer , saying only , "  We have no intentions to put troops on the ground . " For his part , even as NATO airstrikes bombarded his Tripoli compound , Gadhafi vowed Tuesday that "  we will not surrender . " "  I am now speaking as planes and bombs fall around me , " Gadhafi said in a live audio broadcast on state television . "  But my soul is in God 's hand . We will not think about death or life . We will think about the call of duty . " The Gadhafi compound was under "  intensive continuous bombardment , " according to state TV , which reported buildings and infrastructure were destroyed . But government spokesman Musa Ibrahim said the allied campaign "  is failing miserably . " "  No one has the right to shape Libya 's future except for Libyans , " he said . Ibrahim said Tuesday 's morning blasts hit the popular guard compound and the revolution compound , which are military barracks near Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound . The spokesman said attacks Tuesday and Wednesday hit state television buildings , killing two people and wounding 16 . NATO disputed the account . "  We did not target or hit the Libyan broadcast facilities . What we did target was the military intelligence headquarters in downtown Tripoli , " the alliance said . "  The story coming from Libyan officials that we targeted and hit the state broadcaster 's building is bogus . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Richard Allen Greene , Raja Razek , Dan Rivers and Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	NEW : A fresh attack on rebel-held Misrata has killed at least 13 , rebels say NATO says it is doing all it can to avoid hurting civilians NATO chief Rasmussen says Gadhafi 's "  reign of terror " is ending soon Gadhafi vows not to surrender amid heavy bombing
Health.com  -- New parents , particularly mothers , devote so much time and energy to their children that they often fail to adequately look after their own health , a new study in the journal Pediatrics suggests . The study , which followed about 1,500 high school students into their mid-20s , found that those who became parents got far less exercise than their childless peers . For moms , the news gets worse : Unlike fathers , mothers tended to have a higher body mass index  BMI  and less healthy diets than women of the same age without kids . The mothers in the study averaged about 400 calories more per day than other women . They also consumed more saturated fat , ate fewer green vegetables like broccoli and spinach , and drank nearly twice the amount of soda , sports drinks , and other sugary beverages . The researchers found no such differences among men . Health.com : 25 ways to cut 500 calories a day Mothers , who are usually the primary caregivers in a household , may have little time to prepare healthy meals for themselves in addition to what they fix for their children , and so they may be apt to fall back on quick-and-easy processed foods such as macaroni and cheese , says Jerica Berge , Ph.D. , the lead author of the study and an assistant professor of family medicine and community health at the University of Minnesota , in Minneapolis . "  Moms might be having multiple time demands and have to sacrifice making healthier meals , " she says . "  They cook high-fat , more palatable foods because they do n't have time to do otherwise . " That 's not to say they 're dining only on junk food , Berge adds . Mothers ate just as much fruit , whole grains , calcium , and fiber as their childless counterparts . "  We found that they are trying -LSB- to eat healthy -RSB- , " Berge says , "  but they are not able to do it all the time . " Health.com : Easy meals for families The study participants were an ethnically and socioeconomically diverse group who were 25 years old , on average .  To further limit the influence of economic and cultural factors , the researchers controlled for income and race .  Roughly 10 percent were parents , most with just one child who was a year old or younger . "  It 's a wide enough population to represent what is really happening , " says Fran Biagioli , M.D. , a family physician at Oregon Health and Science University , in Portland . When it comes to exercise , raising kids appears to cut into workout time for both parents . Each week , moms and dads lost about 60 and 90 minutes of physical activity , respectively , compared to other young adults . For the mothers , less exercise and less-healthy diets added up to a higher BMI , a ratio of height to weight used to estimate body fat . The average BMI was one point higher among moms than among childless women , whereas fatherhood appeared to have no association with BMI . Health.com : 7 steps to instant calm Biagioli , who was not involved with the research , says the findings reinforce what she tells the many young parents and parents-to-be whom she sees in her practice . "  I talk to them about cleaning up their act , " she says . "  It 's a conversation that I have early and often . " Getting through to them before the baby arrives is especially important , Biagioli says , because after that they 'll need all the stamina that a good diet and lots of exercise can give them . "  When they have a newborn , they are sleep deprived and no message will get through , " she says . The months after becoming a parent are indeed a "  high-risk time " for young adults , Berge adds . "  It 's a new phase of life , they 're learning to be parents , and there 's a trade-off between parenting and taking care of themselves that they need to be able to balance . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	New mothers tend to let their health slip while devoting all of their time to the new baby The mothers in the study averaged about 400 calories more per day than other women For the mothers , less exercise and less-healthy diets added up to a higher BMI
CNN  -- Kings of Leon drummer Nathan Followill suffered broken ribs when the group 's tour bus stopped suddenly to avoid a pedestrian Saturday night , the band said Sunday . The rock group 's Sunday night show in Saratoga Springs , New York , is postponed , according to the announcement posted on Facebook . "  The band was en route to their hotel after their show in Boston when a pedestrian jumped in front of their tour bus , causing the bus to stop short , injuring Nathan Followill , " the statement said . "  Nathan is being treated for broken ribs , but is doing well . " Bass guitarist Jared Followill , Nathan 's brother , tweeted about the mishap Sunday morning : "  So sad this a.m. . Bus accident last night . Nathan has broken ribs . This was the most fun tour in a while . We 'll be back ASAP . #GetWellNate " Nathan Followill was in a good mood just before the accident , tweeting after the Boston show : "  Boston , best crowd of the tour . Gon na be tough to beat . Thanks for the love . Ca n't wait to come back . " Fans were told to check the band 's website for updates on future shows . Kings of Leon has 30 shows scheduled over the next two months , including another dozen in August as part of a U.S. tour . This is not the first time an injury to Nathan Followill forced a cancellation for the band . The group called off a tour of Australia and New Zealand in 2011 while the drummer recovered from surgery for a torn right labrum and bicep . CNN first learned of the band 's accident through a Twitter posting .	The rock group 's Sunday night show in Saratoga Springs , New York , is postponed Nathan Followill was hurt when a pedestrian jumped in front of the band 's tour bus No word on the group 's shows later this week Jared Followill tweets : "  This was the most fun tour in a while . We 'll be back ASAP "
CNN  -- He 's used to holding trophies aloft on Sundays but all Tiger Woods is clutching at the moment is his back . For the second week running the world No. 1 has been beaten by back spasms , sparking concern over his ability to mount a serious challenge at the Masters which gets underway on April 10 . After pulling out during the final round of the Honda Classic at PGA National , Woods challenge at the WGC Cadillac Championship was blunted by spasms which started after hitting a ball from an awkward stance in fairway bunker at the par four sixth at Doral 's Blue Monster course . "  That 's what set it off and then it was done after that , " Woods said following a frustrating round , PGATour.com reported . "  Just  tried to  see if I could actually manage through to keep the spasms at bay . But anything in the flexion was done , so the deeper the flexion , the worse it felt . " Woods ended up posting a six-over par 78 to finish tied for 25th after playing his way back in contention for the lead with a superb round of 66 on Saturday . "  If I feel good , I can actually make a pretty decent swing , " Woods said . "  You saw it  on Saturday  . But if I 'm feeling like this , it 's a little tough . " Read more : Reed re-writes WGC history Woods has endured a string of injuries in recent years including ligament damage in his left knee and a ruptured Achilles tendon in his right ankle . His current back problems first emerged during the final round of The Barclays tournament last August -- a complaint he put down to a soft mattress in a hotel room . The 14-time major champion now has 10 days off before his next scheduled event -- the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill in Orlando , Florida which starts on March 20 . "  If it flares up , it flares up , " Woods said . "  It 's just a matter of keeping it calm , and we had a quick turnaround here from last week . It would be nice to have a week off where I can shut it down and get some treatment . " Twelve months ago , Woods won the tournament to regain the world No. 1 spot before heading onto Augusta where he finished tied for fourth for the third time in four seasons . He will not need reminding that he last won the Masters way back in 2005 and has n't won a major of any description since the U.S. Open in 2008 . As the 38-year-old noted in January , time may not be on his side , but his desire remains undimmed . "  Looking back from the beginning of my career to now , I know that I do n't have 20 years in my prime , " Woods said . "  I do n't see being 58 and being in my prime . Most guys do n't jump from the foul line at age 58 , so it 's a little different but the outlook is still the same . "  I still prepare the same , I still work my tail off to be ready to compete at this level and beat everything that I 'm playing against . "	Tiger Woods struggles with back spasms for second consecutive tournament Woods followed superb round of 66 on Saturday with a 78 in final round World No. 1 will be hunting a fifth green jacket at Augusta National in April
CNN  -- World number one Novak Djokovic has sensationally been knocked out of the US Open . The 2011 champion was beaten in the semi final in four sets by Japan 's Kei Nishikori 6-4 , 1-6 , 7-6  7-4  , 6-3 in what must go down as one of the biggest shocks of the modern era . In staggeringly humid conditions Nishikori , who has been coached by former US player Michael Chang , burst out of the blocks and snatched the first set . Djokovic battled back to easily win the second . With the Serb ascendant , few gave Nishikori a chance against a player in his pomp who is considered one of the greatest of all time . But Djokovic was clearly struggling with the conditions and gave up a succession of unforced errors and a string of uncharacteristic double faults . Humid conditions The match changed in the third set when it became clear that Nishikori was coping better with the heat , despite coming through two previous five set matches . The Japanese player won a third set tie break 7-4 before breaking Djokovic 's serve in the first game of the fourth . A tiring Djokovic could do nothing to stop Nishikori , who powered on and became the first Japanese player , as well as the first Asian male player , to ever reach a grand slam final . "  I do n't know whats going on , I was a little tired , " an ecstatic and emotional Nishikori said on court shortly after his stunning victory . "  It 's my first semi final in a grand slam . It is an amazing feeling playing a number one player . So happy . It was really tough conditions today . But I love to play long matches ! I hope I can recover well for the final . " Although no one gave Nishikori a hope before the match , there were signs that Japan 's number one could spring a surprise after recently beating Roger Federer and narrowly losing to Rafael Nadal . Equally as significant has been his teaming up with Chang . "  He 's been helping me a lot , " Nishikori said when asked about Chang 's influence on his game . "  We have been working super well . " A dejected Djokovic refused to blame the conditions for his defeat . "  It was the same for both players , " he said . "  I congratulate Nishikori . He was the better player today ... my game today was not even close to what I wanted it to be . A lot of unforced errors . I was n't myself . " Ghosts of '33 Nishikori was the first Japanese player to reach a major semi final for 81 years . The last player to reach that level was Jiro Satoh , who reached five major semifinals , including Wimbledon in 1933 . But later that year Satoh committed suicide after jumping off the ship that was taking him and his teammates to England for a Davis Cup tie . Nishikori 's victory saw him surpass Satoh 's long running record . "  I hope it 's big news in Japan , " he said . "  I feel the support from Japan . It is 4am in the morning but I hope a lot of people are watching . " Nishikori will play Marin Cilic in the final after the Croatian blew Roger Federer away in straight sets 6-3 , 6-3 , 6-4 . The day 's second semi final was delayed by rain , but when it restarted Federer must have wished for the heavens to open once again . Cilic attacked from the opening game , using his booming serve to devastating effect . Federer had no answers . "  It was an amazing day for me , to be able to play like this , it was the best performance ever in my career , " Cilic said on court after the game . It will be a first grand slam final for both Cilic and Nishikori . "  I think it will be a sensational day for both of us , " Cilic said when asked about his Japanese opponent . "  I 'm just going to enjoy it , be happy and try to win . " The 2014 US Open final will the first since the Australian Open in 2005 to not feature one of the big four of Djokovic , Federer , Nadal or Murray .	Djokovic stunned in US Open Lost to Japan 's Kei Nishikori in four sets First time Djokovic has lost to a young player in a grand slam First Japanese player ever in a grand slam final
February 10 , 2014 Making headlines this Monday on CNN Student News : The U.S. hits its debt limit , the federal government expands its recognition of same-sex marriage , and a company recalls more than 8 million pounds of meat . We also climb aboard a U.S. Navy ship to see how sailors keep diseases at bay . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : When an error happens in a live , televised event , what do you think that the audience should see ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . unemployment rate 2 . debt ceiling 3 . norovirus Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the video , how are the latest jobs numbers a "  mixed bag " ? 2 . Who is Jack Lew ? According to the video : What is he doing to try to keep the U.S. solvent ? What is the deadline for congressional action ? What are the possible consequences if there is no action ? Why do many think that Congress will come to some kind of agreement on the debt ceiling ? 3 . What steps is the Obama administration taking in support of same-sex marriage ? What do some critics have to say about this move ? 4 . What is the role of the USDA in food safety ? Why is 8.7 million pounds of meat being recalled ? Have any illnesses been reported ? 5 . What is the most common stomach bug a person can get ? According to the video , what are some steps the U.S. Navy takes to prevent the spread of norovirus on its ships ? 6 . What happened to the last of the electronic snowflakes that was supposed to turn into an Olympic ring in the Opening Ceremonies ? What did Russian television audiences see instead ? Discussion Questions : 1 . According to the video , how high is the U.S. national debt ? What might be some arguments for and against raising the debt ceiling ? If you were a member of Congress , would you vote to raise the debt ceiling ? Why or why not ? Is there any other course of action you would like to see Congress pursue regarding the national debt ? Explain . 2 . What is your opinion of the actions taken by the Obama administration in support of same-sex marriage ? Do you agree or disagree with critics who say that these actions undermine the power of states to regulate marriage ? State your rationale . What other perspectives can you think of on this issue ? 3 . Why do you think that disease prevention is so important on a U.S. Navy ship ? In your opinion , what single factor should be credited with a lower incidence of norovirus on military ships versus cruise ships ? When some students at your school come down with a stomach bug , what steps do you and others take to try to prevent its spread ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Oh , the weather outside is % # ! $ . That 's the tune many travelers may be singing this weekend as powerful storms threaten to bring severe thunderstorms and icy conditions to vast parts of the country , just in time for holiday travel . Flight delays could be possible Saturday in Oklahoma City , Wichita and Kansas City , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Tulsa International Airport in Oklahoma could be forced to close Saturday because of severe icing , he said . On Sunday , delays are possible in many key air travel hubs and larger markets , including Chicago , Milwaukee , Boston , New York , Philadelphia , Washington , Charlotte and Atlanta , Morris predicted . The weird weather comes just as the Christmas holiday travel period is set to get started . About 94.5 million Americans are expected to travel at least 50 miles from home during the holiday beginning Saturday , according to AAA . "  I see problems , and definitely no shortage of them , " CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said Friday . Of greatest concern : a moderate risk of severe thunderstorms that could produce isolated tornadoes in the lower Mississippi Valley , and the threat of icy conditions in the Midwest and Northeast . While icy conditions were being reported in Kansas , the problems began to spread Friday night , as a front fueled by moisture from the Gulf of Mexico swept across the Lower Mississippi Valley . Up to 5 inches of rain was expected across a broad area from northeast Texas to eastern New York . Late Friday , the National Weather Service was reporting that heavy rain was possible from the Lower Mississippi Valley to northern New England . It predicted a band of snow from the Central Plains to the Great Lakes and into some of northern Maine . Freezing rain was possible from the southern Plains to the Great Lakes and New England . Though it had said there only a "  slight risk " of severe thunderstorms over parts of the western Gulf Coast and the Lower Mississippi Valley , the service reported Friday evening sighting a tornado near the community of Newman , Mississippi , about 25 miles west of Jackson . An almost stationary front that extended from the Southern High Plains to New England was expected to drop sometimes heavy rains by Sunday over parts of that swath . And a band of freezing rain/sleet was predicted from Oklahoma across parts of the Great Lakes into New England . Ice-storm warnings were in effect for most of Oklahoma through Sunday morning , with thunderstorms and freezing rain possible Friday night , according to CNN 's Morris . As much as an inch of ice was expected to coat all exposed surfaces , he said , with at least half an inch of ice possible in Oklahoma City and Tulsa . Widespread power outages were predicted Sunday . Heavy rains were expected over much of the Ohio River Valley and mid-Mississippi River Valley on Sunday , leading to flooding next week of low-lying farmland along the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers and residential areas located along rivers , creeks and streams . Severe storms are possible on Sunday , when a cold front is predicted to move across the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast . The messiness had already begun Friday , when ice on roads and sidewalks in Iowa was blamed for numerous crashes and falls . And morning icing in Topeka , Kansas , caused several wrecks , CNN affiliate KSNT reported . Meanwhile , temperatures will continue to rise in the East ahead of the cold front trailing the storms , with New York reaching an unseasonable 67 degrees Sunday and Washington warming to 72 degrees . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report	A tornado is sighted Friday night in Mississippi Rain , flooding , snow , ice and warm weather to usher in winter this weekend The biggest concerns : thunderstorms in the South and icing in the Northeast The weather comes as about 94.5 million Americans prepare to travel for Christmas
CNN  -- Serena Williams avenged her 2011 U.S. Open final defeat to Samantha Stosur with a straight-sets win over the Australian sixth seed to reach the last eight of the WTA tournament in Miami Monday . Williams went into the final at Flushing Meadows last year as a hot favorite to add to her tally of 13 grand titles , but was swept aside by a super-charged display from her opponent who was claiming her first . Neither has enjoyed much success since , with Stosur 's form falling away and Williams sidelined by injuries . But the former world No. 1 is returning to her best at a hard-court tournament she has won five times , seeing off Stosur 7-5 6-3 in one hour 45 minutes in their last-16 match . The American converted four of 13 break-point opportunities to go 5-3 career against Stosur . The two-time Miami runner-up will next play Caroline Wozniacki , who beat Belgian 23rd seed Yanina Wickmayer 7-6  8-6  6-0 . The Dane 's successor as world No. 1 , Victoria Azarenka , pulled off an amazing comeback to reach the quarterfinals and extend her winning run to 26-0 this year -- the best start to a season since Martina Hingis went 37 matches unbeaten in 1997 . The Australian Open champion trailed 6-1 4-0 against Dominika Cibulkova before defeating the Slovakian 16th seed in three sets -- their last five meetings have gone the distance , with Azarenka winning four to be 7-1 overall . "  It kinda felt like she closed her eyes and just went for everything , and me , I could n't open my eyes . I was blinded a little bit , " Azarenka said after winning 1-6 7-6  9-7  7-5 . "  But my coach came to the court , kicked me a little bit that I had to at least try to change something , because it was like a snowball , and I kept rolling with the same match and was n't adjusting . In the end I was trying to change something . But it was more about fighting in my heart today rather than any other shot . " The Belorussian will next play French seventh seed Marion Bartoli , who beat Russian No. 22 Maria Kirilenko 6-1 6-2 . . Second seed Maria Sharapova also went through to the last eight with a 6-4 7-6 win over fellow Russian Ekaterina Makarova . Sharapova , beaten by Azarenka in the Australian Open final , also saw off Makarova in straight sets in Melbourne . The 2005 and 2006 Miami runner-up will next face China 's French Open champion Li Na , who came from behind to beat German 12th seed Sabine Lisicki 3-6 6-4 6-2 . Three-time Miami champion Venus Williams continued her winning comeback from longterm illness , beating fellow former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic 6-7  4-7  6-2 6-2 . The 2010 runner-up , who had beaten the Serbian 15th seed in seven of their previous eight meetings , will next face Polish fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska .	Serena Williams into the quarterfinals of WTA tournament in Miami Williams avenges 2011 U.S. Open defeat to Samantha Stosur World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka fights back to extend 2012 run to 26-0 Venus Williams , Maria Sharapova , Caroline Wozniacki , Li Na also progress
CNN  -- Five years . Sixty-two episodes . One big , presumably bloody finale . Hundreds of possible ways it could end . With "  Breaking Bad " careening toward a climax Sunday night , fans of the AMC show -- newly anointed by Emmy voters as the best drama on TV -- are feverishly doing the plot-resolution math . The Internet is buzzing with potential clues , predictions and crazy theories as viewers debate the most fitting way to send teacher-turned-drug-lord Walter White into the Albuquerque sunset . Which characters will survive ? Will Walt die , and how ? Who is the vial of ricin , and the machine gun in his trunk , meant for ? What will become of wife Skyler , son Walt Jr. , sister-in-law Marie and -- most pressing of all -- Jesse , his tormented ex-partner in crime ? Cryptic comments by Vince Gilligan , the show 's creator , have only stoked the speculation . "  We worked long and hard to ensure that ... the very last episode 창 $ " would satisfy an audience , " he told Entertainment Weekly . "  I am guardedly optimistic that we have achieved just that . And furthermore , trying to be as coy as possible , trying to give away as little as possible , I feel like this ending represents on some level , however small , something of a victory for Walter White . "  Read into that what you will . And try to be as open-minded as possible when you watch this episode , because it may not indeed feel like a victory . Or maybe it will . " Got that ? Only Gilligan , his actors and crew know for sure how the show will end its run . But that has n't stopped the rest of us from trying to guess . Here are five theories : Hail the returning conqueror This one is the most obvious , and therefore the most unlikely . Walt shows up at Uncle Jack 's compound , seeking his stolen money , and somehow takes out Jack , Todd and the rest of the neo-Nazi thugs -- either with a surprise hail of bullets or a stealthy dose of poison . In the process , he also frees Jesse , who either is a  so grateful to be sprung from his hellish existence as a meth-cook slave that he walks away , or b  so angry that he kills Walt right there , extracting a measure of revenge on the "  mentor " who ruined his life . Bryan Cranston : Man of the moment Shakespearean tragedy Despite its comic moments , "  Breaking Bad " at its heart is an epic tragedy with a high body count . In some ways it would be true to the show 's dark heart if things end bleakly for almost everyone : Walt 's attack on Uncle Jack goes wrong , he and Jesse are killed and Skyler goes to prison or commits suicide , orphaning Walt Jr. and Holly and leaving Lydia free to go on supplying Europe with crystal meth -- Walt 's last , bitter legacy . Gray 's frenemy Some fans of the show think Walt got so worked up watching Elliott and Gretchen Schwartz -- whose lucrative Gray Matter pharmaceutical company may have been rightfully his -- on "  Charlie Rose " at that bar in New Hampshire that he 's been jolted into seeking some long-repressed revenge . He sure bolted from the bar in a huff . But why would he need an automatic weapon to confront a couple of scientists ? Besides , such a quest would distract from bigger potential showdowns with other characters . Photos : Memorable scenes from ` Breaking Bad ' Expect the unexpected It would n't be a shocker to see Walt survive a showdown with Uncle Jack and crew , only to be blindsided by another antagonist . We 're going to assume that Walt Jr. -- about the only unsullied character left on the show -- is not going to suddenly break bad and kill his old man . But Skyler has had a lot of time to seethe about how Walt destroyed their family and left her facing a prison sentence . As we 've seen , Lydia is not above some ruthless maneuvers to protect her interests . And then there 's Marie -- poor , grieving Marie -- who now hates Walt to the core of her widowed soul and may want to avenge Hank 's death . 5 questions ` Breaking Bad ' must answer The "  Felina " theory Sunday 's final episode is titled "  Felina , " which has sent the Internet scurrying to decode its potential meanings . One resourceful writer for Previously.TV has unearthed a Marty Robbins song , "  El Paso , " which has a character named Felina . In the song a jealous cowboy kills a rival who was flirting with his love , Felina , in a bar . The cowboy flees town alone before returning for Felina some time later , only to be shot down in a face-off with five unseen men . Felina , says the writer , is a metaphor for Walt 's criminal life -- the seductive power he feels when he 's earning respect and millions of dollars . Then again , "  felina " is also an anagram for "  finale . " So it may just mean Gilligan is messing with us . Because there 's only one thing we can say for sure about "  Breaking Bad 's " last episode : All our predictions will be wrong . How do you think "  Breaking Bad " will end ? How should it end ? Let us know in the comments .	The Internet is buzzing with predictions and crazy theories about how "  Breaking Bad " will end After five years the AMC show 's final episode airs Sunday night Creator Vince Gilligan : "  We worked long and hard to ensure the last episode would satisfy an audience "
RealSimple.com  -- A pair of flaming trousers  or a growing nose ,  la Pinocchio  is n't the only sign that a person is spewing falsehoods . Here , five experts teach you how to smoke out a fibber . A person 's demeanor or voice radically changes As an investigator , I first try to assess how someone normally speaks . To do that , I begin an interview by asking questions that I know the answers to , like "  What 's your full name ? " or "  Where do you live ? " Some folks are naturally animated and talk fast ; others are more subdued . Once I know which type of talker a person is , I start asking him questions that I do n't know the answer to . If his manner shifts abruptly -- going from calm to agitated or lively to mellow -- chances are he 's not telling the truth . -- Gregg McCrary is a retired FBI criminal profiler and a crime analyst in Fredericksburg , Virginia . RealSimple.com : What is your body language saying ? A person avoids saying "  I " In my research , I 've discovered that when people fib about themselves , they tend to use I and me less often than people who are being truthful . Instead , they 'll speak about themselves in the third person  "  This is a girl who loves to ski "  or even truncate their language  "  Really into listening to jazz "  -- anything to give themselves psychological distance from the lie . -- Jeffrey Hancock is an associate professor of communication at Cornell University who studies online lying . RealSimple.com : 5 things worth admitting to A person has an answer for everything Ask most people what they were doing last week and they 'll have to pause and think about it . That 's even more true of teenagers , who generally do n't have the capacity to tell an elaborate story on the fly . So when I call a child into my office and he seems totally rehearsed -- there 's zero hesitation before he answers a question -- well , that 's a dead giveaway . -- Julia Chung has been an educator for 16 years , first as a high school teacher in Los Angeles and now as an assistant principal in Westchester County , New York . RealSimple.com : What does your handwriting say about you ? A person fidgets and fusses for no reason If someone keeps performing a random physical action that seems unnecessary -- cleaning her glasses excessively , retying her shoelaces , or dusting off the  clean  table in front of her she may be lying . The guilt and anxiety make her restless . That can be particularly true if she is lying to somebody she loves . When a person fibs to a traffic cop , she wo n't necessarily fidget a lot . But if she is deceiving her husband , she wo n't be able to sit still . -- Barbara Mitchell has been a relationship therapist in New York City for 34 years . RealSimple.com : Banishing life 's little annoyances A person proclaims his honesty repeatedly To sell us on the integrity of their answers , liars often use phrases emphasizing the validity of their statements , like "  to tell the truth " and "  to be perfectly honest . " These verbal tip-offs frequently invoke religion . Think of expressions like "  I swear on a stack of Bibles " and "  as God is my witness . " Most truthful people do n't need to go that far . -- Joseph Buckley is the president of John E. Reid and Associates , in Chicago , which trains law-enforcement investigators . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 짤 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lying experts share their tips for catching a fib If his manner shifts abruptly , chances are he 's lying , says retired FBI criminal profiler People who lie use "  I " and "  me " less often than people who tell the truth
CNN  -- As oil continues to pour into the Gulf of Mexico following the Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion , comfort may come from an unusual direction : the largest oil spill in history . Between five and 10 million barrels of oil poured into the Persian Gulf in 1991 when Iraqi troops , retreating from their occupation of Kuwait , set fire to desert oil wells and opened the valves on oil rigs and pipelines . The spill -- at least five times the most recent estimate of that spilled in the Gulf of Mexico -- devastated marine wildlife and coastal habitats in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia . Yet , against all the odds , the Persian Gulf appears to have shown amazing resilience in response to the ecological disaster . Nicolas Pilcher is a marine specialist with the International Union for Conservation of Nature . He was in neighboring Saudi Arabia as oil began washing ashore on the beaches . It had flowed south along the coast from Kuwait . "  It was huge , " Pilcher told CNN . "  It 's hard to describe for people who were n't there but it was basically a coast of black . " By the time Saudi authorities and international contractors initiated clean-up efforts , pumping oil from the sea into holding areas , much of the oil had sunk , evaporated or washed up on beaches , according to Pilcher . "  You would see oil on the beach or along the shoreline in the water , but it was n't there for more than about a month , " he said . But oil slicks had an immediate and catastrophic impact on local wildlife . Christophe Tourenq , science and research manager at the World Wildlife Fund 's UAE office told CNN that researchers estimate 30,000 water birds were killed by the oil . Fish eggs and larvae were killed by slicks , which in turn reduced the breeding success of some bird species by 50 percent in the year after the spill , he said . More on oil spills : Read about Spain 's ` Coast of Death ' But , according to researchers , in the years following the spill the Gulf 's ecosystem began to make a remarkable comeback . A 2008 joint German-Saudi research paper on the effects of oil pollution in the Persian Gulf stated that by 1994 , fish and bird populations had returned to pre-spill levels . Whale , dolphin and turtle populations were largely unaffected , according to the same study . The fishing industry was decimated after the oil spill and Iraqi mines made the Gulf a no-go area for Kuwaiti and Saudi fishermen . But , it too , had started to show signs of improvement by 1994 , the same study shows , and is widely considered to have made a full recovery from the after effects of the spill today . "  What they found , and they 've found in other places in the world , is that nature does recover , " said Pilcher . Although a colossal amount of oil was released into the Gulf , Pilcher said up to half may have simply disappeared from the water by a combination of evaporation and degradation by bacteria in the sea . In the Persian Gulf , the local climate -- very hot and humid for most of the year -- would have helped . Abdul Nabi Al-Ghadban of Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research has studied the impact of the spill . He told CNN : "  If you have a higher air/water temperature the lighter fraction of the oil , which is more toxic , evaporates , and the heavy fraction , which is least toxic , goes to the bottom . " "  That 's why with an incident like the Exxon Valdez , although in terms of volume it was far less than the spill in the Arabian Gulf , in that part of the world , because of the colder water the impact can be stronger . "  The lighter fraction stays there for a longer period and can inflict a lot of damage compared with hot areas . " Nonetheless , the oil spill has left the Gulf with some scars that have not yet healed . Ghadban said coral reefs have been damaged , particularly off the coast of Saudi Arabia . And the heavier oil fractions , which do n't evaporate or dissolve , have sunk into coastal sediments . A 2003 U.S. study found huge quantities of oil in the sediment of salt marshes , mudflats and mangroves on the coast of Saudi Arabia . Laila Hayat , of Kuwaiti activists Green Line Environmental Group , told CNN she feared that oil buried in beach sands could be released by the erosive action of coastal currents . It 's a fear shared by Ghadban , who said studies are being carried out to test the likelihood of that occurring . So , can any lessons from the Persian Gulf spill be applied to the ongoing Gulf of Mexico spill ? According to the latest U.S. government estimates , up to 855,000 barrels of oil have spilled into the Gulf of Mexico since a 5,000-foot-deep well erupted after an explosion and fire aboard the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on April 20 . Gulf Coast Oil Spill "  There are probably similarities -LSB- between the spills -RSB- , although it 's too early to tell , " said Pilcher . "  One issue in the Gulf of Mexico is the sunken oil -- whether that ever makes it up on the surface and on the shores , or will it just sink to the bottom . "  In terms of the clean up , I think some coastal habitats are just way too fragile to be touched . "  Some of those coastal marshes will probably be more damaged by clean-up activities than they would be if they were left to deal with the disaster on their own . " For Ghadban , the lessons from the 1991 oil spill are all too relevant to the Gulf of Mexico spill . "  If you have an offshore operation you need to have a good contingency plan in case of spillage , damage , earthquake , or a problem with the pipeline . "  We learned the lesson that we have to have an action plan -- you have to expect the unexpected . "	1991 oil spill in Persian Gulf was biggest in history 30,000 birds were killed and fish populations suffered The Gulf appears to have made a remarkable recovery , although oil has sunk into sediment Nature can recover by itself , according to marine expert
CNN  -- Manchester United captain Nemanja Vidic has told CNN he expects Chelsea and Manchester City to challenge for English Premier League honors . Vidic , 29 , led Alex Ferguson 's team to a record 19th English league title last season , and the Serbia defender is confident United can keep the Premier League trophy at Old Trafford if they make a strong start to the campaign . "  I would say Chelsea is always there because of experience , " said Vidic when asked who the Red Devils ' main rivals would be . "  They have players who have been playing a few years together , and they know each other very well . And they will be hungry to win the title yet again . Big kick-off : Who will win Europe 's top leagues ? "  City , they have a made few signings , I think they will be even stronger this year , especially because they play one year together . I think they will be our bigger rivals . " Vidic has won a host of honors since arriving in Manchester from Spartak Moscow in 2006 , including four English titles and the European Champions League in 2008 . Despite this success , the former Red Star Belgrade center-back said he is still hungry to win and he is eyeing an FA Cup triumph to complete his collection of English winner 's medals . "  If you want to play for Manchester United you have to win everything , " he said . "  You have to be successful , otherwise , new players come and you have to fight for your place . I still have hunger to play , hunger to win the trophies , and I 'm really happy . "  I would really like to win the FA Cup as well . I have n't won the FA Cup yet , this is the trophy I really want to win . " Since signing for United , Vidic has been under the guidance of the club 's long-serving manager Alex Ferguson . The veteran Scot has forged a reputation as one of the game 's top coaches during his 25 years with the club , winning 12-top flight championships , five FA Cups and twice leading United to Champions League glory . "  I have to say what he brings to the club is stability , " Vidic said of Ferguson . "  He builds a road which all players follow . "  This is a great thing . At other clubs you have the problems in terms of the change of the coaches ; they are changing new players and coaches . Sometimes they really have the problem , to build the team . " Vidic will lead his United teammates out for their first Premier League match of the season against West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns on Sunday .	Nemanja Vidic highlights Chelsea and Manchester City as United 's title rivals The Manchester United captain is eyeing an FA Cup triumph to complete his collection The Serbia defender says the presence of Alex Ferguson gives United continuity United start their title defense away to West Bromwich Albion Sunday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Michelle Rhee says she runs at 100 miles per hour . As the chancellor of one of the nation 's lowest-performing school districts , she says she has no choice -- too much bureaucracy to cut through , too many problems to fix after decades of neglect . Michelle Rhee says a sense of urgency has been missing for years in the District of Columbia 's schools . Rhee closed 23 schools in her first year as the head of the District of Columbia 's public schools , fired 36 principals and cut 15 percent -- about 121 jobs -- from the central office staff . And she 's making no apologies . "  I think it 's that sense of urgency that has been lacking for far too long in our public schools , " Rhee told CNN as she began her second year on the job in late August . "  We are always going to put the best interests of kids above the rights , privileges and priorities of adults . " Watch fighting for "  radical changes " " Rhee said "  radical " changes are needed because only 12 percent of the District 's eighth graders are proficient in reading and just 8 percent are proficient in math , but was quick to add that they 're already seeing improvement . She highlighted gains in elementary reading and secondary level math and reading in the past year that outstripped all of the four prior years put together . An annual report card by Education Week , a newspaper that follows the nation 's education system , earlier this year ranked the District 's school system last , giving it a D + overall and an F for student achievement in kindergarten through 12th grade . Those grades were based on data prior to Rhee 's arrival . "  We need to see radical changes because the outcomes for kids that are happening right now are robbing them of their futures , " said Rhee , a Democrat who supports President Bush 's landmark education law known as No Child Left Behind . Watch Rhee describe telling employee : "  You need to find another job " " "  We have scores of kids in this city who do n't have the advocates that they need in their lives who are able to maneuver and jockey through the public school system . And we ca n't allow those children to languish in classrooms where teachers are not performing . " Her plan is ambitious : To completely transform the District 's system within eight years for its 50,000 children . The plan focuses on top-down accountability , quantitative results like standardized test scores and , ultimately , working to close what she describes as "  the achievement gap between wealthy white kids and poor minority kids . " "  I think it 's absolutely possible within an eight-year period , " she said . Watch D.C. schools need "  urgency " " Rhee , who is Korean-American , is operating in a largely African-American district . It is a district where 57 percent of the students qualify for the free or reduced lunch program . Rhee said when she first arrived on the job in 2007 she first heard whispers of : "  She 's not from D.C. , she 's not African-American : Is she going to be able to relate to students and their families ? " "  I think that all dissipated quite quickly after I started getting out into the community and talking to people , " said Rhee , a 38-year-old mother of two children attending local public schools . "  I think one of the things that comes across very clearly is the fact that I 'm very passionate about this work . I 'm very focused on it . " But her plan to turn the failing school district on its head has met protest every step of the way , even from teachers . "  I think the people who view her aggressive actions as a positive thing , I think they are missing the boat because if it results in more chaos and more dysfunction , it 's not the solution that we need , " said Kerry Sylvia , a teacher at Cardozo Senior High School in her ninth year . Sylvia says the District has seen far too many superintendents over the years and fears Rhee is just another in the long list of those who come in touting their reforms and then leave . She does offer praise for Rhee holding teachers and administrators accountable for their lack of performance . However , she does n't always care for Rhee 's style , saying Rhee makes it seem like "  there 's a lot of lazy teachers . " "  She 's pitting adults against children . She couches things in terms of ` I 'm not here to keep jobs for adults . I 'm not here to keep people 's paychecks . I am here for the children , ' " Sylvia said . "  Well , guess what ? I 'm here for the children too . " Before taking on her current role , Rhee founded The New Teacher Project , a non-profit organization that recruits quality teachers to high-poverty schools . Rhee holds a master 's degree in public policy from Harvard University . One of the most controversial programs Rhee has introduced is a joint venture between D.C. schools and Harvard that pays middle school students cash -- up to $ 100 a month -- for good behavior and attendance . Rhee says such pilot programs have worked in other cities . She says the District 's students have far too many bad incentives on the streets , from hustling to drug dealing , and need something to keep them focused . "  We 're preparing them to understand that if you do the right thing , then good things will happen to you , " Rhee said . Some in the District are skeptical , including Clarence Cherry , a fourth-generation Washingtonian and father of five . He calls the cash and Rhee 's overall direction misguided and reckless . "  It 's a very dangerous game that she 's playing with , " he said . But Cherry added , "  I want to give her an opportunity to prove to me as a parent that she genuinely ... is here for the kids . " Others are fervent supporters of the new superintendent . Dr. Waheedah Shakoor , another teacher at Cardozo , has been in the District since 1979 . He says he 's been stunned at the amount of change that 's happened in just one year under Rhee , from freshly painted walls to improved athletic facilities . "  Things that we 've been asking for for many , many years have come to fruition within just the last 12 months , " Shakoor said . Rhee is an appointee of Mayor Adrian Fenty , who has backed her every move . "  I had the highest expectations of Michelle Rhee when she came into the job . She has exceeded every expectation , " Fenty said . "  When you have a system that 's been as underperforming as the District of Columbia public schools , you need to shake things up . " Rhee says she 'll continue to shake things , working at break-neck speed to improve the education and opportunity for her students and urban students across the country as fast as she can .	D.C. schools chief Michelle Rhee closed 23 schools , fired 36 principals in first year "  We are always going to put the best interests of kids above the rights ... of adults " Critic says Rhee has created "  more chaos and more dysfunction " Mayor backs his appointee , says when schools fail , "  you need to shake things up "
CNN  -- Barcelona continued their storming start to the La Liga season with a fifth straight win but it needed two late goals to secure a 2-0 victory over Granada in the Camp Nou Saturday . The visitors looked set to share the points with the Catalan giants until a brilliant 87th minute strike from substitute Xavi Hernandez broke the deadlock . The midfield ace bent home a shot from outside the area via the underside of the crossbar . Borja Gomez put through his own net in injury time from Lionel Messi 's cross to add gloss to the scoreline for Tito Vilanova 's men . Granada keeper Tono had been in inspired form to deny the home side , who have built an 11 point lead over reigning champions Real Madrid . Real Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano Sunday night looking for a win to cut the gap . Earlier , Junior Paulao scored as Real Betis moved up to third with a 1-0 win over Espanyol , who had midfielder Wakaso Mubarak sent off for a second yellow card in the second half . In Italy 's Serie A , defending champions Juventus maintained their 100 per cent start to the season with a 2-0 win over Chievo . Fabio Quagliarella scored both goals in the second half as Juve made it for wins from four . Quagliarella had grabbed the equalizer for his side in the 2-2 draw at defending champions Chelsea in the Champions League in midweek .	Barcelona keep 100 per cent record in La Liga Xavi Hernandez breaks deadlock in 2-0 win over Granada Barca have early 11 point lead over Real Madrid in standings Juventus top in Italy after 2-0 win over Chievo
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Screening Room went to the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane in the heart of London 's West End , where a spectacular musical version of "  The Lord of The Rings " is enjoying a successful run , to meet Indian composer A. R. Rahman , whose blend of Asian culture with rock and Western classical styles has revolutionized the Indian film industry . And now Rahman is about to make his mark in Hollywood . A. R. Rahman , interviewed by CNN 's Screening Room Virtually unknown in Europe and the U.S. , Rahman has sold 200 million albums worldwide -- more than the Beatles -- and is worshipped throughout much of Asia , where he 's known as the Mozart of Madras . Now he has added a Hollywood film score to his vast repertoire of movie music . Rahman explained to CNN what he thinks makes great movie music . "  A great soundtrack is like ` Laura "  s theme ' , the ` Love Story ' theme , ` Chariots of Fire ' and all those sorts of things , where it stood by itself , " he said . But recently , he 's noticed a changing mood . "  Now it is becoming too abstract and more ambient and more ... I do n't know , soundscape-ish , more than melody . People are afraid of melody : ` Oh , that melody is distracting my scene , ' it is becoming like that . " And that brings fresh challenges for the makers of film music . "  Now the challenges of the composer are much more , " he told CNN . "  One needs to know of recording , production , it is not enough to compose a great theme and -LSB- know -RSB- how it can intertwine with the movie . And with Indian film it is an even greater challenge , because we need to be like Michael Jackson , John Williams , Hans Zimmer and an Indian folk composer all put together . So they expect finesse and they expect versatility . " Rahman 's compositions are versatile enough to be used by both Bollywood and Hollywood , a case in point being his music for the Hindi film "  Dil Se , " which was used almost a decade later by Spike Lee for "  Inside Man . " But for Rahman , the process to create film music is being challenged by increasingly crammed movie schedules . "  There used to be a time where the director and the composer would work together , " he explained . "  They would develop themes and the director would shoot a scene , but now the world 's so fast that people are finishing the movie even before going to a composer . " As well as writing songs and scores , Rahman has featured in many Bollywood films singing the songs which are mimed by the acting superstars . He recently completed a sell-out tour of the U.S. performing highlights from his songbook to devoted fans . He explained to CNN how playback singing is a normal part of Indian film music . "  Well , until I worked in ` Bombay Dreams ' six or seven years back , I never realized that it is not cool to have playback singing . Until then , it was the story of Indian films where somebody else lip synchs and somebody else sings . " And Rahman has been converted to the Western model , where those singing on-screen usually provide the vocals themselves . "  In my future projects I would rather have a star who sings , " he said . Director Shekhar Kapur recruited Rahman and fellow composer Craig Armstrong to provide the score for Cate Blanchett 's sequel to "  Elizabeth , " "  The Golden Age , " which premieres at Toronto Film Festival in September this year . Kapur described the thrill of working with two such different -- and complementary -- composers . He told CNN , "  Here are two totally different cultures . Craig Armstrong is strings and heart , the skies , choir , angels and devils , and A. r. is modern , restless music . " "  Just to get them together was very interesting for me . To sit there and see both of them jamming together , that was fascinating . They would n't talk , they would jam , and out of the jamming came the music . It was great . " Rahman is still getting used to his new-found status as darling of both East and West -- and it leads to a somewhat chaotic lifestyle , as he explained . "  It is terrifying sometimes . I suddenly wake up in Scotland doing music for ` Golden Age , ' and suddenly wake up doing an Indian superstar film , but I think after all these years I am probably getting a balance . " E-mail to a friend	Composer A. R. Rahman has sold over 200 million albums worldwide The ` Mozart of Madras ' works in both the Indian film industry and Hollywood Rahman 's work includes the music for ` The Lord of the Rings ' stage production
CALAIS , France  CNN  -- French authorities on Tuesday dismantled a makeshift camp dubbed "  the Jungle , " which housed illegal migrants fleeing dangerous homelands to seek a more prosperous life in Europe . After being forced from their makeshift home , occupants of "  the Jungle " were driven away in buses for processing . French police broke up protests by refugee rights advocates and began clearing the squalid camp . The French government said it was targeting human smuggling and did not say where the migrants would be relocated . Police arrested 276 migrants , 125 of whom were minors , said Calais prefecture official Catherine Mande . See photos of police clearing the camp " A statement from the French immigration minister 's office said the "  illegal encampments " would be destroyed and then three bulldozers , a dozen trucks and a logging company would return the land to its natural state . Watch a report on the camp 's closure " The statement said the goal was to destroy the Jungle and other migrant shanties , "  which have become the main launch pad for clandestine immigration into the United Kingdom . " Was the French government right to demolish the illegal migrant camp ? Aided by smugglers , many of the migrants in coastal northern France attempt to make it into Britain , hiding in trucks that cross the English Channel . France and Britain signed an agreement in July to crack down on illegal immigration , including dispersing the migrants at the Jungle . British Home Secretary Alan Johnson said he was "  delighted " to hear that France was honoring the agreement . "  The measures that we have put in place are not only there to prevent illegal immigration but also to stop people trafficking , " he said . "  We are working with the French not only to strengthen our shared border but that of Europe as a whole . " Johnson said both nations were committed "  to helping individuals who are genuine refugees . " Others who do n't need protection were expected to return home , he said . The Jungle -- shanties cobbled from cardboard , plastic tarpaulins and scraps of wood -- housed as many as 1,000 men from nations such as Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran and Somalia . Camp resident Mohammed Bashir escaped the Taliban in Afghanistan and made a new home in a tent here , among the heaps of garbage , sand and bramble on the outskirts of the French port city of Calais . Sometimes , eight men shared the tent . "  I never lived in such a condition like this back home , but right now we do n't have any other choice , " said Bashir , 24 , who left behind his family . "  It 's very difficult , very hard for a person who has children and parents . " Desperation filled the air in the Jungle . Many residents survived arduous and illegal treks from their homelands . Some held ambitions to keep going another 20 miles , across the water to Britain . Others hoped to realize refugee status in France . See a map of the region " But Tuesday , they were forced to put their plans on hold as they were evicted from the Jungle . Refugee advocates circled the migrants and scuffled with police to keep them at bay . But eventually , the protests were broken up , the migrants were taken away and the shanties started coming down . The French government 's decision drew criticism from humanitarian workers who do n't think that demolishing the camp will help resolve illegal immigration issues . They say moving the migrants is simply displacing the problem . "  We do n't know where they 're going to go , " said Matthieu Tardis , an advocate for asylum seekers . "  We do n't know what the government plans to do . We are not respecting human rights here , for sure . " The office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees sent staff to Calais earlier in the summer to counsel people about asylum procedures in France and Britain . According to the U.N. agency , most of the illegal migrants enter Europe through Greece and often fall victim to smugglers who turn a profit by helping migrants reach their destinations . The camp residents who fled Afghanistan told CNN they had paid smugglers large sums . They were promised much more than the filthy camp , they said . Bashir said he had no choice but to flee his home after Taliban militants accused him of spying . "  When they do n't need you , they just slaughter you , " he said . "  They threatened me that -LSB- I would -RSB- be slaughtered . " Bashir 's future remains uncertain as ever . He is sure only of one thing : He can not go home .	French police arrest 276 migrants at "  Jungle " camp , 125 were minors Migrants had been living in makeshift tents made from cardboard , plastic sheeting Refugee advocates circled the migrants , trying to keep police at bay The French government has not said where the migrants would be relocated
CNN  -- Lourdes Batista wishes she had super powers so she could use them to find her husband , she said Wednesday , 105 days after authorities said he was kidnapped in Mexico . Lourdes Batista says she has no idea why someone would kidnap her husband , Felix . Felix Batista , a renowned kidnapping consultant , disappeared after getting into a vehicle outside a Saltillo restaurant December 10 . The family has yet to hear a word from his abductors . "  I do n't have words to describe the pain , " Lourdes Batista said . "  It 's cruel , very cruel . " Lourdes Batista was getting ready for bed at her Miami , Florida , home when she received a phone call informing her that her husband of 31 years had been snatched . She tried contacting him on both of his phones , but to no avail . Felix Batista , 53 , had arrived four days prior in Saltillo , the Coahuila state capital about 250 miles from the U.S. border , to take part in a security seminar about kidnappings . He was giving talks about kidnappings to a business group in Saltillo and Torreon . Though the Cuban-American worked as a contract consultant for the Houston , Texas-based ASI Global Response , the trip was not affiliated with the company . On the day of his kidnapping , Felix Batista was in a restaurant with several other people when he received a phone call , according to a statement from the Coahuila state attorney general 's office . "  After speaking for a few minutes , -LSB- he -RSB- left the restaurant , telling his colleagues that several people in a white pickup truck were going to give him a message , " the statement said . "  Afterward , outside the business , at about 7 p.m. , he got into a vehicle with different characteristics from those he had mentioned to his colleagues and , since then , no one has had any communication with him , " the statement said . There was no indication of violence at the scene , the attorney general 's office said . Jackie Batista said she has no clue why someone would abduct her brother . "  We can speculate till next year , " she said . "  We 've waited for answers . We do n't have any information , and no one has contacted us . " Lourdes Batista added , "  It 's very perplexing . I do n't know . I do n't understand why . This is why I ca n't sleep at night . " Watch Felix Batista 's wife , sister plead for his release " Felix Batista served four years in the U.S. Army before entering private practice . He has 23 years of experience as a crisis responder and had worked with ASI Global Response since May 2007 , President Charlie LeBlanc said . A profile on the company 's Web site , which has been taken down , said Felix Batista conducted threat assessments and had been credited with the "  successful resolution " of almost 100 kidnap-and-ransom cases . LeBlanc said Felix Batista was a "  multidisciplined security practitioner " who also worked on extortion cases and consulted corporations . His aptitude as a consultant aside , Lourdes Batista said , he was an outstanding family man : "  a great man and a great father and a wonderful husband . I could n't ask for better . " Since Felix Batista 's kidnapping , ASI Global has been working with his family , acting as a liaison with the FBI and Mexican authorities and vetting those offering to help with the case , LeBlanc said . It 's the same kind of work Felix Batista was known for , he said . ASI Global has been sharing information with the Mexican national police , who have "  been very forthcoming in sharing information and asking for advice , " LeBlanc said . "  We 've had viable leads . They just have n't panned out , " he added . Kidnappings and violence have long been problems in Mexico , but the problem has spiked in the past year , at least statistically . Mexican President Felipe Calderon said this month that there were 6,500 organized-crime killings in 2008 , more than double the number from 2007 . The nation 's human rights ombudsman has reported that there were 5,140 reported kidnappings between 2001 and 2008 . Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora 's office reported that there were 326 kidnappings in the first five months of 2008 alone . "  Many cases continued , however , to go unreported , as families negotiated directly with kidnappers . The number of reported cases to authorities was believed to be far less than the actual number of kidnappings , " said a statement from Mora 's office . Lourdes Batista said the level of violence in Mexico troubles her . "  The Mexican citizens , how do they live like this every day of their lives ? It 's beyond me , " she said . "  I fear for them and fear for their loved ones . " Lourdes Batista said there have been no threats against her or against her five children with Felix , who range in age from 16 to 28 , but she still lives anxiously . "  I do live in fear , but mostly for Felix and for the families that are going through what I 'm going through , " Lourdes Batista said , adding that the kidnappers ' silence has left her feeling impotent . Last week , exactly 100 days after his kidnapping , the Batistas submitted a letter to three newspapers in Monterrey , about 30 miles east of Saltillo . The letter , addressed to "  the Mexican people , " sought any leads or information in the case and offered a financial reward for information yielding Felix Batista 's safe return . In short , it stated , "  we want Felix back , " Jackie Batista said . Lourdes Batista said she is willing to add a caveat to the family 's plea . "  I am not one to persecute , and I do n't want to know . I just want my husband back . We need him here , " she said .	Lourdes Batista says of perplexing motive , "  This is why I ca n't sleep at night " Felix Batista was kidnapped December 10 outside a restaurant in Saltillo , Mexico Felix Batista is skilled crisis responder who helped families of kidnapping victims Violence , kidnappings plague Mexico ; many abductions go unreported
Novato , California  CNN  -- When health care reform passed Congress more than two years ago , Julie Walters yelled for her husband to come into the living room where she was watching the vote live on television . "  I was so happy , " Walters remembers . "  I yelled for Matt . I said , ` Do you know what this means ? Do you know what this means ? ' " The historic vote meant their 18-month-old daughter , Violet McManus , would be able to keep her health insurance . Without health care reform , she would have gotten kicked off her parents ' insurance , perhaps as early as her 5th birthday , because her care is so expensive . "  I was like , Violet 's covered now ! " Walters remembers . "  We 're okay . We can breathe . " But now Violet 's parents are worried they wo n't be able to breathe easily again . This week , the Supreme Court is hearing a debate on health care reform . The court could keep the reform intact , repeal parts of it , or get rid of the law altogether . "  I 'm really scared , " Walters says . "  Like , I-can ` t-sleep scared . " ` Completely blue in her crib ' Violet McManus was born healthy , but when she was 11 months old her parents woke up in the middle of the night in their Novato , California , home to find her having a seizure . "  She was completely blue in her crib and shaking , " Walters remembers . It was to be the first of hundreds of seizures -- sometimes thirty in one day . Violet has been hospitalized about six times and each hospitalization cost more than $ 50,000 . She 's now on two drugs to control the seizures and carries oxygen with her wherever she goes because she stops breathing when she has her seizures . She needs speech therapy and frequent doctor 's visits . See more about Violet and her family Matt McManus , Violet 's father , gets health insurance through his work as a video game designer . Before health care reform , there was a $ 5 million lifetime limit on Violet 's insurance policy . Violet is now 3 and her parents calculate she could hit that cap by her 5th birthday , and almost certainly by her 10th . See a quick breakdown of key health care reform issues Health care reform made lifetime limits illegal -- which is why Violet 's family breathed easier when it passed -- but now her parents are worried the Supreme Court could restore the limits and Violet would lose her insurance . Walters has been so passionate about health care reform she contacted the office of Sen. Barbara Boxer  D-California  and MomsRising.org to advocate for the law . If Violet does lose her current insurance , her parents know there 's no way another insurance company will want to insure her because her care is so expensive . "  They 'd be crazy to want to insure her , " Walters says . "  I mean , I would n't want to insure her if I was an insurance company . " Watching the Supreme Court case closely Several provisions of health care reform have already gone into effect , so millions of other people , like Violet McManus , stand to lose a lot if all or part of it is reversed . For example , 2.5 million young Americans get to stay on their parents ' insurance until their 26th birthday because of health care reform , according to the Obama administration . Seniors and people with disabilities have saved $ 3.2 billion on prescription drugs because of health care reform and insurance companies and 45 million women have received free mammograms and pap smears because of health care reform . There are ripple effects , too . After health care reform passed , Walters and McManus felt more secure about Violet 's future and decided to have another child . Violet 's little brother , Rory , was born two weeks ago . iReport : Should health insurance be mandatory ? Violet 's parents know not everyone shares their enthusiasm about health care reform . Some people even traveled to Washington to protest in front of the Supreme Court this week . In particular , they object to the "  individual mandate , " which requires nearly all Americans to purchase insurance or pay a fine . The protesters object to being forced to pay for something they do n't want , but Walters and McManus see it differently . At any point in time they say someone could find themselves in a difficult situation like they 're in now and would want a system that insures you no matter how sick you are . As McManus puts it , "  I think people just sort of need to change their mindset about health care . " CNN 's John Bonifield and William Hudson contributed to this report .	Three-year-old Violet McManus suffers from seizures that threaten her breathing Her parents fear Supreme Court could restore health care insurance caps on her coverage Supreme Court is hearing arguments this week on health care reform law
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Gulf state health and fisheries officials and leaders from several federal agencies will collaborate to set safety levels for seafood coming out of the Gulf of Mexico , Vice President Joe Biden said Tuesday . "  We want one single standard so you do n't have to worry about where you fish , when you can fish , " Biden said . "  Bottom line is , we want to get fishermen back out on the water as soon as possible after the oil has been removed . " The plan will be devised and carried out in collaboration with the Food and Drug Administration and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , he said . Representatives from NOAA , the Food and Drug Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency met last week in New Orleans with state health officers and state fisheries directors from Alabama , Florida , Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas to fine-tune the plan for sampling state and federal waters and deciding when to reopen them . "  Together , they will implement a comprehensive , coordinated , multi-agency program to ensure that seafood from the Gulf of Mexico is safe to eat , " NOAA and the FDA said in a joint news release . "  This is important not only for consumers who need to know their food is safe to eat , but also for fishermen who need to be able to sell their products with confidence . " "  No single agency could adequately ensure the safety of seafood coming from the Gulf following this tragedy , but in working together , we can be sure that tainted waters are closed as appropriate , contaminated seafood is not allowed to make it to market , and that closed waters can be reopened to fishing as soon as is safe , " said Eric Schwaab , NOAA assistant administrator for fisheries , in the release . NOAA said it was applying the protocol in considering whether to reopen two areas off Louisiana and Florida . The release also quoted Michael Taylor , FDA deputy commissioner for foods , saying , "  We understand the devastating effects this spill has had on the Gulf states and we look forward to continuing our collaboration with state and federal partners to ensure that these important protocols are implemented efficiently , effectively and in a way that makes sense for all involved , while maintaining the No. 1 priority we all share -- protecting the health of those in the Gulf Coast and across the country . " NOAA and FDA are also testing fish caught outside closed areas to see whether they contain petroleum compounds , the release said . "  So far , fish flesh tested from outside the closure areas have tested well below any level of concern for oil-based contamination , " it said . Biden made his announcement after touring the operations center in New Orleans . "  I just came to say thanks , " the vice president told staffers at the center . "  I appreciate it . You 're probably missing out on vacation . My mother would say , ` God love you . ' " Biden later flew to Naval Air Station Pensacola in the Florida Panhandle , where he sought to reassure Gulf Coast residents of the government 's long-term commitment to recovery efforts in the area . "  We ... intend to stick with this region until it is made whole so we can repair the economy and rebuild the ecosystem and restart a way of life from Louisiana to here , " Biden said . He was scheduled to continue on to MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , Florida , for dinner with Gen. David Petraeus and his wife at their home . Biden 's visit came on the 71st day of the spill that President Barack Obama has called the nation 's worst environmental disaster . His comments also came as officials prepared to close Pensacola Pass , the main entry from the Gulf of Mexico into Pensacola Bay , because of an approaching six-square-mile patch of "  dark red tar mats " ranging in size from 6 feet to 10 feet across , according to Escambia County spokeswoman Sonya Daniel . The pass will reopen Wednesday with the outgoing tide , said Daniel , who added that the pass has been closed in the past to other oil incidents . Daniel also noted that tar mats are easier to corral while still in the water . BP said Tuesday it is on track to reach its August deadline of getting a relief well down to the area where the oil is leaking in the Gulf of Mexico . The relief well has reached a depth of 16,770 feet , but engineers plan to drill an additional 900 feet vertically before cutting in sideways , said Kent Wells , BP senior vice president of exploration and production . Meanwhile , efforts continue to increase the containment of leaking oil . The next step is to bring in a third rig called the Helix Producer at the well , which would increase the containment by 20,000 to 25,000 more barrels per day , Wells said . But the arrival , originally planned for Tuesday , was delayed until perhaps July 6 or 7 by rough seas , said Mark Proegler , a spokesman for BP . The work of two other vessels , the Discoverer Enterprise and the Q4000 , was continuing without interruption , he said . The use of skimmers , which require calm seas to be effective , was suspended Monday and Tuesday , he said . But the use of dispersants continued , with a total to date of nearly 1.6 million gallons recovered , he said . BP spokesman Brian Ferguson said that surface burning of oil and the placing of additional booms also were suspended in the choppy 5 - to 7-foot seas . Alex was approaching hurricane strength Tuesday evening and was located off the coast of Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula in the Bay of Campeche . At 5 p.m. ET , it was moving to the northwest at about 13 mph , the National Hurricane Center said , but was headed away from the area affected by the oil spill . Researchers have estimated that between 35,000 barrels  about 1.5 million gallons  and 60,000 barrels  about 2.5 million gallons  of oil are gushing into the gulf every day . But even with BP feverishly trying to contain it , more and more oil seems to wash up on the coasts of some Gulf states . Connie Moran , the mayor of Ocean Springs , Mississippi , said she was going to have to close a beach in her town Tuesday . "  What we 're seeing actually is minimal tar balls anywhere from a penny to half-a-dollar size . They are tacky , " she said . CNN 's Allan Chernoff , April Williams , Patty Lane , Chuck Johnston , Brandon Miller and T.J. Holmes contributed to this report .	NEW : Tar mats close Pensacola Pass Vice president arrives in Pensacola , Florida Biden emphasizes government support to region Federal agencies to collaborate on Gulf food safety
CNN  -- Iran has submitted an official request for two of its warships to sail through the Suez Canal , an Egyptian official told CNN Thursday , in a move that puts Egypt 's new military regime in a prickly position with Israel . The post-Hosni Mubarak caretaker government must decide whether to give a green light to the Iranian warships , believed to be the first that would sail through the Suez since the Islamic republic 's 1979 revolution . The Egyptian official told CNN that permission will likely be granted . But Egypt might find itself in muddy water over the Suez . The canal is an internal body of water and as such , Egypt has sovereignty over it . But Egypt also is bound by the 1976 Camp David Accords , which guaranteed the right of free passage by ships belonging to Israel and all other nations on the basis of the Constantinople Convention of 1888 . Before that , Egypt did not allow Israeli ships to sail through the canal . Last week , Egypt 's military government said it would honor all its international treaties . That would include Camp David . Now it finds itself in the position of allowing ships belonging to the sworn enemy of its peace treaty partner to sail through . "  This is awkward -- at a minimum , " said David Schenker , director of the Program on Arab Politics at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Schenker said the Iranians want a frigate -- the Alvand -- and a military supply ship -- the Kharg -- to cross into the Mediterranean . Both are armed with missiles , he said . Their passage would create more uncertainty in the region . "  It 's destabilizing . It raises tension , particularly in this time of transition in Egypt , " Schenker said . "  This is typical of Syrian-Iranian opportunism . " Schenker predicted the Egyptians will let the Iranians through . Former President Hosni Mubarak might have done otherwise , given Hezbollah 's calls a while back for his ouster . But , "  There is not a war between Iran and Egypt , " he said . Get more from CNN.com Arabic Some maritime analysts privately said Washington could pressure Egypt 's new military caretaker government to say no to Iran . Washington agreed to a $ 13 billion , 10-year military aid package to Egypt in 2007 . Egypt 's decision , the analysts said , could serve as a barometer for the direction the military caretakers intend to take the Arab world 's most populous nation . "  It does raise an unwelcome political issue that has to be resolved , " said Cmdr. James Kraska of the U.S. Naval War College in Rhode Island . Ahmed El-Manakhly , the transit director of the Suez Canal Authority , had said earlier Thursday that no official request from Iran had been received . Warships planning to cross the canal must ask permission of Egypt 's defense and foreign ministries , El-Manakhly said . The canal authority 's website states that ships intending to sail northbound must be in place by 6 a.m. No Iranian ships were there Thursday , but Iran 's state-run Press TV reported the warships were making their way from the Red Sea toward the Mediterranean . Iran said earlier that the flotilla was on a yearlong intelligence-gathering and training mission to prepare young cadets to defend Iran 's cargo ships and oil tankers , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman said the two Iranian military vessels had been expected to sail Wednesday night through the Suez on their way to Syria . "  This is a provocation that proves that the self-confidence and insolence of the Iranians is growing from day to day , " he said Wednesday . "  This happens after the Iranian president 's visit to south Lebanon and his aggressive declarations there towards Israel . " Liberman did not mention Egypt by name but said Israel 's allies should pay close attention to the situation . "  We expect the international community to act speedily with determination against the Iranian provocations , designed to deteriorate the situation in the area , and put the Iranians in their place , " he said . The Israeli Defense Ministry said Israel was monitoring the movement of the Iranian ships and alerted its allies . At the U.S. State Department , spokesman P.J. Crowley said Wednesday the United States is also watching the situation . Reports of the Iranian passage also sent jitters through the global market and oil prices spiked for a time on Wednesday . The Suez Canal serves as a key waterway for international trade , allowing ships to navigate between Europe and Asia without having to go all the way around the vast African continent . Millions of barrels of oil move through the Suez every day on the way to both Europe and North America . CNN 's Kevin Flower , Saad Abedine , Fionnuala Sweeney and Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	Iran has submitted a request for two ships to sail through the Suez Canal Egypt is bound by a treaty to allow them to pass But Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman calls it an act of provocation The situation could further escalate tensions in the region
CNN  -- Investigators -- asked to determine if a possible new clue is linked to the disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway -- now hope to learn Thursday whether a jawbone found on an Aruban beach belongs to an animal or a human . Results from the testing of the bone were expected to be returned Wednesday , but investigators were held up by a technical delay . If the bone is human , authorities will then attempt to find out through DNA testing whether it belongs to Holloway , who was last seen on the island in 2005 . It is being evaluated at the Netherlands Forensic Institute in The Hague , Netherlands , Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken said this week . Holloway 's dental records were sent to the forensic institute on Wednesday , the FBI said . "  We provided her dental records to the Dutch authorities . They were sent electronically , " said FBI spokesman Paul Daymond . The information-sharing is "  what we do , nothing out of the ordinary , " he said . The Holloway family had told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " that the records were sent to the Hague . The length of testing can vary , but normally takes about a week , according to a representative of the institute . The findings will be sent back to the prosecutor 's office in Aruba , which will decide whether to make the results public . Part of a jawbone with a tooth was found on Friday by an American tourist near the Phoenix Hotel , a large resort on the western side of Aruba , Blanken said . Contacted by CNN , the hotel referred questions to local authorities . The prosecutor said the bone was initially examined by a forensic expert in Aruba , who determined the bone was from a young woman . But Blanken cautioned the final determination would be made by the forensic institute in the Netherlands . Holloway was 18 when she was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad , Aruba , nightclub with Joran van der Sloot and two other men . She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama . Van der Sloot was detained twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance but never charged . He is now awaiting trial in Lima , Peru , on a murder charge in the death of Peruvian student Stephany Flores . Her body was found in May in a hotel room registered to van der Sloot . The two were seen entering the room on a surveillance camera . Van der Sloot , 23 , is also charged with wire fraud and extortion in Alabama for allegedly attempting to extort more than $ 250,000 from Holloway 's family in return for disclosing the location of her body . HLN 's Rupa Mikkilineni , CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Laura Perez Maestro , Brian Walker and CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : Natalee Holloway 's dental records are sent to the Hague An initial test indicates the bone belongs to a young woman , the prosecutor says If the bone is human , DNA testing will be conducted The jawbone was found near an Aruban hotel
CNN  -- Scores of mourners packed a Memphis , Tennessee , church Wednesday for the funeral of Dr. Benjamin Hooks , a civil rights leader described as deeply inspirational and widely influential . Hooks , who led the NAACP from 1977 to 1992 , died last week at the age of 85 after a lengthy illness . Neighbors , friends , family and political and civil rights figures filed into the Temple of Deliverance Church of God in Christ , where they watched a film that showed Hooks making a rousing speech and a montage of pictures celebrating his career and life . The historical imagery was accompanied by rocking spiritual music . Speakers delivered eulogies as Hooks ' casket sat in front of the church pulpit . Noting that civil rights leader Dorothy Height , who died Tuesday , had been known as the "  godmother " of the civil rights movement , Benjamin Todd Jealous , president and CEO of the NAACP , told the audience that they gathered to honor the "  godfather of the NAACP and the civil rights movement . " "  Dr. Hooks leaves big shoes behind , and none of us can fill them , " Jealous said . Marc H. Morial , National Urban League president and CEO , praised Hooks ' collaborative bent . He believed in groups working together and not engaging in turf wars , Morial said . Hooks , he said , believed "  civil rights was a lifelong commitment , " and while he was known for his strong oratory , his work in the trenches and his juggling of responsibilities were the qualities that made him effective . Morial said Hooks believed that "  if you choose to serve , it can not be a part-time thing , it can not be a sometime thing , it can not be a pretend game . ... It must be in your heart , soul and DNA . " The Tennessee House canceled its activities so lawmakers could attend the funeral in Hooks ' hometown . Hooks , who grew up in the segregated South , was "  a vocal campaigner for civil rights in the United States , " the NAACP said when it announced his death . He was a lawyer and an ordained Baptist minister who joined the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and led the NAACP for 15 years , it said . The organization "  was suffering from declining membership and prestige when Hooks assumed his role as executive director , " a University of Memphis biography says . The NAACP added several hundred thousand new members during his tenure , it says . The civil rights organization worked with Major League Baseball on a program that expanded employment opportunities for African-Americans in baseball , including positions as managers , coaches and in franchise executive offices , the NAACP said . Hooks was nominated to the Federal Communications Commission in 1972 . He became the agency 's first black commissioner and was with the agency for five years before leaving to serve with the NAACP . He also worked with colleagues to set up a program in which more than 200 corporations agreed to participate in economic development projects in black communities , the NAACP said . President George W. Bush awarded Hooks the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation 's highest civilian honor , in November 2007 . "  As a civil rights activist , public servant and minister of the gospel , Dr. Hooks has extended the hand of fellowship throughout his years , " Bush said . "  It was not an always ... easy thing to do . But it was always the right thing to do . "	NEW : He "  leaves big shoes behind , and none of us can fill them , " NAACP chief says NEW : Urban League president praises his work in the trenches , juggling of responsibilities Hooks , 85 , died last week after a lengthy illness , NAACP officials said Hooks led the NAACP from 1977 to 1992
FORT COLLINS , Colorado  CNN  -- The Colorado couple accused of carrying out a bizarre hoax involving their son and a huge balloon is "  not running from the law " and deserves the presumption of innocence , their attorney said Monday . Richard Heene has told reporters that a runaway balloon incident involving his son was "  absolutely no hoax . " "  The sheriff having a press conference saying that they 're guilty does not make them so , " David Lane told CNN 's "  American Morning . " Authorities say the event -- in which the tearful couple claimed their 6-year-old may have been trapped in the flying-saucer-like contraption floating through the air -- was staged . Richard and Mayumi Heene had met in a Hollywood acting school and pursued fame for their family in the world of reality TV , Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden said . Lane , asked Monday by CNN about his client 's state of mind , said it was "  what you would expect someone 's state of mind to be after law enforcement searched your house , seized your property , held a press conference announcing you 're about to be charged with felony criminal charges . Your state of mind would be rather upset and you would feel somewhat under siege , which is exactly how the family feels at this point . " Watch how attorney says family is dealing with hoax allegations " During the incident Thursday , as millions worldwide watched live TV coverage of the contraption floating above northern Colorado , authorities did not pick up on any deceptive behavior , Alderden said . But that night , during an interview with CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " the boy , Falcon , gave authorities an "  Aha ! moment , " Alderden said . "  You guys said we did this for the show , " Falcon said in the interview , when his father asked him why he had not come out from hiding when his parents were looking for him . Watch how boy explain balloon incident " Richard and Mayumi Heene said their son was simply confused . But authorities enacted a "  game plan " of getting the truth , Alderden said . The plan included misleading the media on Friday when Alderden said authorities still believed the incident was not a hoax . They wanted to keep the couple 's trust , Alderden said . Investigators pursued separate interviews and polygraph tests with the Heene parents Saturday , then searched the couple 's home early Sunday for computer records , phone records , video recordings , and other potential evidence , Alderden said . "  The sheriff put both of them on a box , and they have not shared with us whether or not they passed or failed , " Lane told "  American Morning " on Monday . Polygraphs are not admissible in court , Lane added . Alderden said that under Colorado law , authorities can not announce whether polygraph tests were taken -- only that authorities pursued them . The sheriff , at Sunday 's news conference , said the investigation was still under way and that charges would likely soon follow , including for several felonies : conspiracy , contributing to the delinquency of a minor and attempting to influence a public servant . The family will likely also be charged with filing a false police report , which is a misdemeanor , Alderden said . He added that authorities plan to seek restitution for the expenses incurred in the wild goose chase for Falcon . Since authorities are n't required to share evidence until charges are actually filed , Lane said he could not lay out the Heenes ' defense . "  Until that point ... I 'm shooting in the dark , " he said , adding , "  If they have probable cause to make an arrest , then make an arrest and give me the evidence . " iReport.com : "  Outraged " over balloon hoax Alderden , speaking at a news conference Sunday , said authorities are concerned about the safety of all three Heene children , ages 6 , 8 , and 10 . Authorities spoke with Mayumi Heene about domestic violence and the children 's safety , Alderden said . "  But we did n't have enough that would allow us or Child Protection Services to physically take the kids from that environment . " There was a 911 call from the home earlier this year that led authorities to a "  suspicious circumstance " that Alderden said may have involved "  domestic violence , perhaps against the wife . " Lane told CNN affiliate KMGH on Sunday that he has "  no reason to believe they 're anything but loving parents . " iReport.com : "  Balloon boy saga is symptom , not disease " Speaking to CNN Monday , Lane said the Heene children had been in his office Sunday , and that by his own observations as a father of three , "  They seem to be perfectly , normal , happy , well-adjusted kids that are being insulated from this process as much as possible . " During a round of live TV interviews Friday morning , Falcon had been sick , which many speculate was because he was so upset over the incident . One of the questions that remains unanswered is where Falcon was as the balloon flew overhead . On Friday , Alderden said it had been determined that the boy was hiding in an attic in the garage . Now , authorities are unsure . Alderden said the boy may not have even been in the home . Watch how boys was supposed to be in balloon " The Heenes have previously appeared on the ABC program "  Wife Swap . " Richard Heene also chases storms , brings his family along and takes videos . TLC , which produces the show "  Jon and Kate Plus 8 " -- told CNN the Heenes "  approached us months ago " about a possible show , "  and we passed . " Heene has been described as a meteorologist , but his education ended at the high school level , Alderden said . The sheriff said investigators also want to interview 25-year-old researcher Robert Thomas who worked with Heene for about two months last spring . Thomas was paid by the gossip site Gawker.com to write about his experience with Heene for a story published on Saturday . Watch former assistant discuss Heene family " In an interview arranged with the help of Gawker , Thomas told CNN that at one point they were talking about the Roswell UFO incident of the late 1940s , when Heene said it would be easy to cook up "  a media stunt that would be equally profound as Roswell , and we could do so with nothing more than a weather balloon and some controversy . "	Authorities say story of boy in runaway balloon a hoax Family wanted publicity for reality TV jobs , sheriff says Lawyer says Heene family deserves presumption of innocence Charges likely to be filed against family , sheriff says
CNN  -- One of the most successful hostage rescues of the modern era took place on July 4 , 1976 , when Israeli commandos stormed Entebbe Airport in Uganda to rescue dozens of Israeli hostages held there by a Palestinian terrorist group . In key ways the raid on Entebbe differed from the raid on Saturday in Yemen to free Luke Somers , the American photojournalist held hostage by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , and that resulted in Somers ' death . Jonathan Netanyahu  the older brother of the Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu  led the Entebbe raid . An officer who read Machiavelli to relax and an intense Israeli patriot , Netanyahu paid close attention to the smallest details of any operation he commanded . At the time of the Entebbe raid it was virtually unthinkable that a force would fly more than seven hours from Israel to Uganda to launch a rescue operation . Adding to the element of surprise , the Israeli commandos who landed at Entebbe airport wore Ugandan uniforms and the lead assault element drove the same type of Mercedes that was then driven by Ugandan generals . It took only a few minutes between the first Israeli transport plane landing at Entebbe and the commandos securing the hostages , but Netanyahu was mortally wounded in the assault . The seven terrorists and dozens of Ugandan soldiers were killed in the raid , as well as three hostages . 102 hostages were freed , by any measure a great success . Adm. Bill McRaven , the commander of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011 , published a book almost two decades ago , Spec Ops : Case Studies in Special Operations Warfare , which is regarded as the bible for how to best understand and plan special operations . For the book , McRaven interviewed the key participants in a number of Special Operations raids such as the Entebbe operation . After a careful examination of a number of raids McRaven identified some key principles that had made these operations a success : Speed , purpose and , of course , the critical element of surprise . -- Speed meant that "  relative superiority " over the enemy needed to be achieved in the first few minutes of the attack , as it was at Entebbe , and that the entire mission should be completed in around half an hour . -- Purpose meant both that the operation was well understood by each of the soldiers involved -- "  release the hostages " at Entebbe -- and that the soldiers were completely committed to the mission . -- Surprise meant catching the enemy entirely off guard , as had happened at Entebbe . With these principles in mind it 's clear that the operation on Saturday in Yemen conducted by members of SEAL Team Six to free Somers lacked the crucial element of surprise , in particular , because two weeks ago a SEAL team had raided another location in Yemen in an unsuccessful bid to locate Somers , an operation that received widespread media coverage . On Saturday Somers was being held in a compound in southern Yemen by well-armed militants , which made a surprise approach difficult . The militants may have been alerted to the operation by a barking dog when American forces were still 100 yards away . Another account suggests that one of the militants was relieving himself outside and spotted the SEAL team and alerted his colleagues . Alerted to the SEALs ' approach the hostage takers mortally wounded Somers and Pierre Korkie , a South African teacher , who they had also captured . Achieving the element of surprise was made particularly difficult by the failure of the previous Special Operations attempt . On November 25 , U.S. Special Operations forces along with a Yemeni counterterrorism unit successfully freed eight foreign hostages in a raid on a location in Yemen where Somers was believed to be held . Unlike Saturday 's operation , this raid did have the element of surprise , but it suffered from a lack of up-to-date intelligence . The militants had reportedly moved Somers to a new location days before the raid . This surely prepared the militants holding Somers for the possibility of another U.S. raid to free him . American Special Operations Forces have a mixed record when it comes to the tricky task of rescuing hostages held by well-armed terrorists . In July , a Special Operations team conducted a raid in the Syrian city of Raqqa in an attempt to free James Foley , a 40-year-old American journalist held by ISIS , as well as other westerners captured by the group . The Special Operations team flew modified Black Hawk helicopters deep into ISIS-held territory and according to American officials killed a "  good number " of militants , but the western hostages had been recently moved . In another failed rescue attempt , Linda Norgrove , a 36-year-old British aid worker in Afghanistan , was killed when American commandos tried to free her from her Taliban captors on October 8 , 2010 . American forces arrived in helicopters in a remote area of eastern Afghanistan , but because of the remote location they lacked much of the element of surprise . In the ensuing firefight , a SEAL threw a fragmentation grenade killing Norgrove . The SEAL was later disciplined for throwing the grenade . U.S. Special Operations Forces have also successfully freed American hostages , particularly when they had up to date intelligence and maintained the element of surprise . On January 25 , 2012 , members of SEAL Team Six parachuted into Somalia and hiked two miles to a compound where Somali pirates held Jessica Buchanan , a 32 year-old American aid worker , and Poul Thisted her 60-year-old Danish co-worker . They surprised the pirates and freed Buchanan and Thisted . There 's also the well-known case of the rescue of Capt. Richard Phillips whose ship the Alabama Maersk was hijacked by Somali pirates in 2009 . Three U.S. Navy SEAL sharpshooters on a U.S. warship tracking the Alabama Maersk fired simultaneously at the pirates from a distance of 30 yards in heaving seas at nightfall , killing them all . The SEALs were able to generate surprise through astonishing sniping skills married to technology -- night vision scopes allowed them to shoot and kill the pirates in a matter of seconds and free Capt. Phillips unharmed . In another successful mission on September 7 , 2005 , the Army 's Delta Force rescued Roy Hallums , an American contractor who was kidnapped in Baghdad in 2004 by armed men from a local kidnapping ring demanding a $ 12 million ransom . The Delta Force operators were pointed to the house where Hallums was held because of good intelligence from an Iraqi detainee and when they dropped onto the house from helicopters they found that the kidnappers had fled . Successful Special Operations missions require good intelligence and the element of surprise . Hostage rescues are particularly tough as they require not only reaching the target undetected , but also doing the operation in a manner that ensures the hostages ' safety . Even the brilliant operation to release the hostages at Entebbe airport resulted in the deaths of three of the hostages . Some of the successful recent hostage rescues such as the operations that freed Buchanan and Thisted , Phillips , and Hallums were operations to free hostages held by criminal groups rather than by terrorists . As terrorist groups like al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and ISIS frequently engage in hostage taking , American special operators may increasingly find themselves confronting enemies who are better armed and trained and more willing to threaten the lives of hostages than is the case of ordinary criminal groups .	Raid to free American photojournalist Luke Somers resulted in his death Peter Bergen : Successful rescues usually have the benefit of surprise In the Somers case , an earlier rescue effort preempted the possibility of surprise , he says
CNN  -- Who does n't go a bit giddy at the sight of a castle ? The good news is that you do n't have to head to Europe for honest-to-goodness castles of the Cinderella variety -- we have plenty right here in our own backyard . Railroad barons commissioned most of these estates , but at least one housed a legitimate king and queen  bet you did n't know this country had its own history of royalty !  . Each is an engineering wonder in its own right , with some even constructed out of old-world castles that were shipped across the ocean . And each is open to tours should you decide to make a trip  a select few will even let you spend the night  . Read this and you might just discover a side of America you never knew existed . Budget Travel gallery : See more photos of the castles Hammond Castle Like a modern-day Frankenstein 's castle on Massachusetts 's rocky Atlantic shore , Abbadia Mare  Abbey by the Sea  served as both home and laboratory for prolific inventor John Hayes Hammond Jr. after it was completed in 1929 . Hammond is largely credited as the "  Father of the Radio Control , " as in tanks and planes and remote-controlled cars . He was also a lover of medieval art , and the castle was designed to showcase his collection . The building itself is a blend of 15th - , 16th - and 18th-century styles , including a great hall with elaborate rose windows and pipe organ plus a courtyard featuring a two-story meat market/wine merchant 's house brought over from southern France . And , yes , like any proper mad scientist , he made sure there were secret passageways . Self-guided tours are available along with annual Renaissance Faire fundraisers , psychic gatherings and spooky Halloween events . 80 Hesperus Ave. , Gloucester , MA , 978/283 -2080 , hammondcastle.org . Admission $ 10 . 5 unusually dangerous places to drive ` Iolani Palace Other properties on this list may be bigger and more lavish , but the ` Iolani Palace has one thing above them all : legitimacy . America 's only true palace -- as in , royalty resided here -- was built from 1879 to 1882 by King Kalakua and Queen Kapi'olani . The goal was to enhance the prestige of modern Hawaii in a kind of Victorian-era keeping up with the Joneses .  The palace had electricity and a telephone even before the White House . Stone-faced with plenty of koa wood inside , the two-floor American Florentine-style building includes a throne room , grand hall and private suites , including the upstairs room where the queen was imprisoned for five months following the 1895 coup . Today , concerted efforts are underway to find artifacts and furniture  like the king 's ebony and gilt bedroom set  that were auctioned off by the post-coup Provisional Government . 364 South King St. , Honolulu , HI , 808/522 -0832 , iolanipalace.org . Admission $ 12 , guided tour $ 20 . 35 passport stamps worth bragging about Grey Towers Castle Most colleges contend to be fortresses of learning , but Arcadia University in the suburbs north of Philadelphia can back it up with battlements acquired in 1929 . Grey Towers was built by eclectic sugar refiner William Welsh Harrison between 1893 and 1898 and modeled after Northumberland 's Alnwick Castle  a.k.a. the most archetypal expression of the medieval style  . The 40 rooms wowed with gilded ceilings , tapestries , ornamental paintings and hand-carved walnut and mahogany woodwork in styles from French Renaissance to Louis XV -- and of course a Mirror Room -- with secret passages behind fireplaces linking to underground tunnels . Self-guided tours of public areas are possible while classes are in session  the building now contains dorm rooms and administration offices  . Free brochures outline the history . 450 South Easton Rd. , Glenside , PA , 215/572 -2900 , arcadia.edu . Fonthill Castle Celebrating its centennial in 2012 , the former home of industrialist-turned-archaeologist Henry Mercer is an ode to artisanship : All 44 rooms  10 bathrooms , five bedrooms and 200 windows  , 32 stairwells , 18 fireplaces and 21 chimneys are hewn from hand-mixed reinforced concrete in a mishmash of medieval , Gothic and Byzantine styles . Thousands of handcrafted ceramic tiles were inset throughout , including Mercer 's own Moravian-style tiles plus Persian , Chinese , Spanish and Dutch productions he collected . Today , the 60-acre Bucks County estate serves as a museum to pre-industrial life , with 900 American and European prints at Fonthill and even more artifacts  like a whale boat and Conestoga wagon  in its sister building , the Mercer Museum , a fun house-like six-story castle in its own right . East Court St. and Rt. 313 , Doylestown , PA , 215/348 -9461 , mercermuseum.org . Admission $ 12 . 20 places every American should see Castello di Amorosa Word to the wise : Imbibe the cabernet sauvignon and pinot grigio at the Castello di Amorosa winery carefully , because somewhere in the 121,000-square-foot , 107-room , eight-level complex there 's a dungeon with a functional Renaissance-era iron maiden . It took 14 years to construct the castle using historically accurate medieval building techniques . The end result is an "  authentic " 12th - and 13th-century Tuscan castle with drawbridge and moat . The frescoes in the Great Hall and Knights ' Chamber are hand-painted , some 8,000 tons of Napa Valley stone hand-chiseled , the Hapsburg-era bricks , hand-forged nails and chandeliers and 500-year-old fireplace all tediously imported from Europe . That sense of awe ? Very modern . 4045 N. St. Helena Highway , Calistoga , CA , 707/967 -6272 , castellodiamorosa.com . Admission $ 18 , including wine tasting . Boldt Castle What do you do when you come across a heart-shaped isle while vacationing with your wife in the Thousand Islands ? If you 're upstart industrialist George Boldt , you buy it and hire 300 stonemasons , carpenters and artists to build a six-story , 120-room testament to your love . There were Italian gardens , a dove-cote and a turreted powerhouse , plus all the imported Italian marble , French silks and Oriental rugs money could buy . But when his wife Louise died in 1904 , the heartbroken Boldt ceased construction on the Rhineland-style Taj Mahal and left it to the elements for 73 years . Today , tourists can visit from May to October for self-guided tours -- or book a wedding in the stone gazebo . +44 째 20 ' 40.29 " N , -75 째 55 ' 21.27 " W , Heart Island , Alexandria Bay , NY , 315/482 -9724 , boldtcastle.com . Admission $ 8 . Five places to find mermaids Gillette Castle It 's elementary : Get famous  and rich  by playing Sherlock Holmes on the stage ; build your own Baskerville Hall . Pet project of campy eccentric William Hooker Gillette , the 24-room castle was completed in 1919 by a crew of 20 men over five years using the actor/playwright 's own drafts and designs . It 's also the focal point of his 184-acre Seventh Sister estate , a forested bluff overlooking the Connecticut River . Outside , the local fieldstone reads like crumbling medieval ; inside , the built-in couches , curious detailing and inventive hand-carved southern white oak woodwork is all arts and crafts . As for cat images ? There are 60 .  Gillette had 17 feline friends .  Gillette Castle State Park , 67 River Rd. , East Haddam , CT , 860/526 -2336 , ct.gov . Grounds open year-round ; interior tours available Memorial Day to Columbus Day . Admission $ 6 . OHEKA Castle Second behind Asheville 's Biltmore as the largest private estate in the nation , OHEKA -- an acronym of Otto Herman Kahn , its millionaire financier original owner -- ended up abandoned in the late 1970s and sustained extensive damage from fires , vandals and neglect . After a 20-year renovation , it 's back in form and is now a 32-room luxury hotel . Think Downton Abbey just an hour from Manhattan  themed packages available  , or for that matter , Citizen Kane  photos of it were used in the film  . Originally set on 443 acres , massive tons of earth were moved to make the hilltop location of the 127-room , 109,000-square-foot manse the highest point in Long Island . The Olmsted Brothers planned the formal gardens , the Grand Staircase was inspired by Fontainebleau 's famous exterior one , and 126 servants tended to the six-person family when they came for weekends and summers . The 1919 price tag : $ 11 million . That 's $ 110 million in today 's money . Sounds about right for a man whose likeness inspired Mr. Monopoly . 135 West Gate Dr. , Huntington , NY , 631/659 -1400 , oheka.com . Admission $ 25 . Double rooms from $ 395 per night . Guided tours available . 10 of America 's best lake vacations Bishop 's Palace Of all the Gilded Age Victorians built by Nicholas Clayton along Galveston 's Gulf Coast , the Bishop 's Palace  n챕e Gresham Castle , 1893 , after its original owner , Santa Fe railroad magnate Walter Gresham  remains the grandest -- and not just because its steel and stone hulk survived the Great Storm of 1900 . Its small lot and oversized proportions with ch창teau-esque detailing of steeply peaked rooflines and sculptural chimneys still dominate the street , while inside the 14-foot coffered ceilings , 40-foot octagonal mahogany stairwell , stained glass , plaster carvings and Sienna marble columns exude richness . Keep a lookout for the bronze dragon sculptures . After serving as a Catholic bishop 's residence for 50 years , the house is now open for tours . Book a private guide to see the usually off-limits third floor . 1402 Broadway , Galveston , TX , 409/762 -2475 , galveston.com . Admission $ 10 , private tours from $ 50 . Read about three more American castles , including William Randolph Hearst 's ocean-side behemoth . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 짤 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	King Kalakua and Queen Kapi'olani resided in ` Iolani Palace in Honolulu Boldt Castle is built on a heart-shaped isle in Alexandria Bay , New York Bishop 's Palace remains the grandest of the Gilded Age Victorian homes in Galveston
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson probably died after he rapidly injected himself with a dose of the surgical anesthetic propofol on top of a large dose of sedatives he swallowed when Dr. Conrad Murray was away , the defense 's propofol expert testified Friday . The prosecution theory of how Jackson died requires "  an incredible coincidence of circumstances " using a "  befuddling " IV drip configuration and an "  irrational " assumption about how Murray injected sedatives , Dr. Paul White testified . White , the last defense witness in Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial , challenged the assumptions used by prosecution anesthesia expert Dr. Steven Shafer to conclude that Jackson 's death was caused by an infusion of the surgical anesthetic propofol set up by Murray . Deputy district attorney David Walgren will take the weekend to confer with Shafer before beginning his cross-examination of White on Monday morning . Closing arguments could be heard as soon as Tuesday in the trial that started a month ago , depending on how long the prosecution takes with its questioning of White and if it chooses to recall Shafer in rebuttal . The defense theory is that a desperate Jackson , fearing that his comeback concerts could be canceled unless he found elusive sleep , self-administered propofol that Murray was trying to wean him off of . It contends that Jackson also swallowed eight lorazepam tablets while Murray was not watching . Shafer conceded last week that it was possible that Jackson , not Murray , could have been the one to open the IV drip to a fatal pace , but prosecutors contend that it would make no difference in Murray 's guilt . Murray is responsible for Jackson 's death even if he did not give him the final and fatal dose , because he was criminally reckless in using the surgical anesthetic to help Jackson sleep without proper precautions , the prosecution contends . White testified Friday that it is his opinion Jackson died after he injected himself with a 25-milligram dose of propofol between 11:30 a.m. and noon June 25 , 2009 . Testimony and phone records indicated it was about noon that Murray realized Jackson was not breathing . White theorized that Jackson could have "  pushed " the drug into an catheter in his leg using a syringe over a 15 - to 30-second period , much faster than a doctor would have done . "  I believe it could potentially have lethal consequences , " White testified . White also concluded that Jackson swallowed a large dose of lorazepam several hours earlier , which would have left "  a very high concentration " of the sedative in his body . "  So you 've got drugs that have additive or even synergistic effects , and I think the combination effect would be very profound , " White said . Shafer , who testified over an 11-day span for the prosecution , concluded the "  only scenario " that fits the scientific evidence -- mainly the drug levels found in Jackson 's blood after his death -- is that Jackson was on an IV drip of propofol for three hours before his death . White , however , testified Friday that with such a flow of propofol , Jackson would have been "  sleepy but arousable but breathing spontaneously . " It would not have killed him , he said . The 100-milliliter propofol bottle prosecutors believe Murray used was empty when investigators found it , leading Shafer to conclude that the last drops entered Jackson 's body just as his heart stopped beating . White called it "  an incredible coincidence of circumstances " that the bottle would empty exactly when Jackson died . The defense expert also questioned the prosecution contention that Murray placed the propofol bottle into an empty saline bag with an opening cut into it to suspend it from the IV stand next to Jackson 's bed . It would have been more logical for Murray to use a plastic suspension tab built onto the bottle , a routine practice . "  It 's befuddling to me , because anyone picking up the bottle would naturally gravitate for pulling up the little hanger , " White said . "  Why would you go to all the hassle ? " Hanging the bottle inside a bag also would not work because if Jackson "  rolled over and moved his leg , it would easily come out of the bag , " White said . The suspension tab on the propofol bottle had not been activated , both sides agreed . Investigators who recovered the bottle and an opened bag testified they found them together , but they did not photograph it . White also questioned Shafer 's computer model conclusion that Murray gave Jackson at least nine four-milligram injections of the sedative lorazepam at regular intervals from 1:30 to 5 a.m. the day he died . Those "  enormous " sedative doses alone would have put anyone to sleep and possibly killed them , White said . He said it would be "  irrational " for a doctor to sit at Jackson 's bedside and repeatedly injected the sedatives to a patient in very deep sedation , as Shafer 's theory implies . Friday 's court session , which lasted only three hours , was attended by Michael Jackson 's father , Joe , sister Janet and brother Randy . Brother Jermaine Jackson 's daughter , Autumn , and Randy 's son , Randy Jackson Jr. , also sat in court . Kathy Hilton , who was a childhood friend of Michael Jackson 's , and her husband , Rick Hilton were also in court Friday .	NEW : Michael Jackson died soon after self-injecting propofol , Dr. Paul White testifies NEW : Prosecution theory requires "  incredible coincidence of circumstances , " White says NEW : Shafer 's IV drip theory is "  befuddling , " defense expert says Closing arguments could come Tuesday
CNN  -- Thousands gathered outside Warsaw 's presidential palace on Saturday evening to lay flowers and light candles in honor of Polish President Lech Kaczynski , who was killed in a plane crash in western Russia earlier in the day . Kaczynski 's wife and several top military officials were also killed in the crash . "  There is going to be a huge gap in public life in Poland , " said resident Magdalena Hendrysiak . "  The most important people are dead . " Russian officials said that 97 people were killed when the plane carrying Kaczynski crashed as it was trying to land at an airport near the city of Smolensk . Parliament Speaker Bronislaw Komorowski took over as acting president and declared it "  a time for national mourning . " Kaczynski , 60 , had been traveling with a Polish delegation to Russia for the 70th anniversary of the Russian massacre of Polish prisoners of war in the village of Katyn . Some 20,000 Poles , including soldiers and civilians , were executed there during World War II . The event was to be a milestone in the easing of relations between Russia and Poland , strained for decades over Poland 's close relationship to the United States and because of lingering ill will over Russia 's campaign against the Poles in the 1940s . "  A shared tragedy of this sort could give a boost to further improvement in Polish-Russian relations , which ... were on the mend , " said Tomas Valasek of the Center for European Reform . "  This tragedy might accelerate that trend . " Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin appeared together in Smolensk on Saturday night . Russia has declared Monday a day of mourning , though Russian television portrayed Kaczynski in a largely negative light on Saturday , highlighting the Polish president 's criticisms of Moscow . The Polish military plane carrying Kaczynski originated in Warsaw , the Polish Defense Ministry said . It was just a few miles east of Katyn when it crashed around 10:50 a.m.  2:50 a.m. ET  on the outskirts of the town of Pechorsk , close to Smolensk , the Investigation Committee of the Russian prosecutor 's office said . Russian officials on Saturday emphasized that there is no evidence it was responsible for the crash . The Investigation Committee said the plane , a Tupolev-154 , was trying to land in heavy fog . A Russian military official said that air traffic control in Smolensk had tried to divert the plane to another airport because of inclement weather . CNN 's Richard Quest reports on the Tupolev-154 "  The air traffic control officer gave several orders to divert but the plane continued with its descent , " said Alexander Aleshin , a top Russian Air Force official . "  Unfortunately , this ended in tragedy . " Russian President Dmitry Medvedev appointed Putin to head an inquiry commission and sent Emergency Situations Minister Sergei Shoigu to the scene of the crash , the Kremlin said . "  We had a lot in common as presidents and as ordinary people and I can assure you that the death of Lech Kaczynski will be investigated and that we will uncover all the circumstances of this plane crash , " Medvedev said Saturday . Other Polish officials killed in the crash include Aleksander Szczyglo , the head of the National Security Office ; Jerzy Szmajdzinski , the deputy parliament speaker ; Andrzej Kremer , the deputy foreign minister ; and Gen. Franciszek Gagor , the army chief of staff , according to Kaczynski 's Law and Justice Party . The party also said that Slawomir Skrzypek , head of the National Bank of Poland , was killed . "  The entire top military brass , including the chief of defense and all the services , were on the plane , " Valasek said . "  You 're looking at a situation , in effect , of the decapitation of the military services . " Putin spoke Saturday at the crash site , where charred pieces of the airplane were strewn through a wooded area . Some pieces , including one of the wheel wells , were upside down . "  As our first priority , we must establish the causes of this tragedy , " he said . "  As a second priority , we must do everything in our power to assist the families and relatives of the deceased . " The plane carrying Kaczynski was refurbished and repaired last year , according to Alexei Gusev , general director of Aviakor Factory , the company that performed the service . "  Speaking openly , we believe that this tragedy could not have been caused by equipment failure , " he said . Kaczynski had been president since December 2005 , after he defeated rival Tusk in the second round of voting . The two men did not have a good relationship . In parliamentary elections in 2007 , Tusk 's Civic Platform beat the Law and Justice Party of Kaczynski 's twin brother , Jaroslaw Kaczynski , who was prime minister at the time . Tusk put political differences aside as he spoke to the nation Saturday . "  I wanted , in the name of all the Polish people , to pass words of condolences to the familiy of the Polish president , to his daughter , to his mother , to his brother , and to all the families of all the victims , " he said . Tusk and Polish Cabinet ministers held a special meeting Saturday morning to discuss the situation . Elections must now be held within 60 days , said Dariusz Rosati , Poland 's former foreign minister . Valasek pointed out , however , that the Polish president is the head of state , not head of government -- meaning essential services will continue . "  The role of the Polish president is not quite ceremonial ... he has some very real powers , but at the end of the day , the day-to-day running of the government is in the hands of the prime minister and the  cabinet  ministers , " Valasek said . "  Continuity is assured in ways that would not necessarily be assured in the case of the death of the U.S. president . " World leaders pay tribute to Kaczynski Meanwhile Saturday , condolences poured in from around the world , including from British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , and Britain 's Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles . "  President Kaczynski was a distinguished statesman who played a key role in the Solidarity movement , and he was widely admired in the United States as a leader dedicated to advancing freedom and human dignity , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement . CNN 's Melissa Gray in London , England , and Max Tkachenko in Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan , contributed to this report .	NEW : Thousands in Warsaw mourn death of President Lech Kaczynski Plane was approaching the airport at Smolensk , Russia , believed to have hit trees 97 people confirmed killed according to Russian emergency minister "  Entire top military brass " appears to have died in crash , says one political observer
NEW YORK  CNN  -- He wants you to have a good night 's rest at a good price . David Kong , CEO of Best Western David Kong is the CEO of Best Western , the world 's largest hotel chain , with more than 4,000 locations around the globe . A company man by nature , his management style is as smooth as the fresh linens on the beds . At the Best Western in New York 's historic South Street , he tells The Boardroom about the difference he sees between the high and low ends of the hotel market . Maggie Lake : What 's your memory of the first time you stayed in a hotel ? David Kong : Well , that 's easy , because when I grew up in Hong Kong my parents used to take me to hotels , and back in the '50s and '60s the hotels are where people went for nice dinners or nice brunches . And that 's my childhood memory and that 's why I am actually in the hotel business -- from those memories . Maggie Lake : You are in the service industry , where customer satisfaction is so important . How do you keep your employees motivated ? David Kong : I think the most important thing is to really care about the employees that work for you . I started in the business being a busboy and dishwasher , so I have a special appreciation for people in those jobs . But I have also been a housekeeper to clean rooms , I have been a front-desk clerk , I 've been a PBS operator . I 've done all those jobs , and it helped me understand that those positions are really important , they are the backbones of the company . Maggie Lake : How would you describe your management philosophy now , though ? David Kong : You know , I learned a lot throughout the years from the time when I was growing up -- My mom and dad had tremendous work ethic . They worked very long work hours , they were very dedicated for their work , so when I was growing up I was instilled with that work ethic . I believe in hard work , I believe in being dedicated to whatever you do . And when I was going to high school , I went to a Jesuit high school , and what they taught me was the thirst for knowledge , curiosity , and always reinventing yourself , the need to always improve . Maggie Lake : What do you gives think Best Western an edge over the competitors ? And who do you see as your biggest competitor ? David Kong : All the discount brands are competitive . Best Western really straddles across the whole spectrum of the mid-scale market . What we are really different about is we are not a Coca Cola , we do n't take the same approach to building our hotels . Best Western hotels are independently owned and operated , what that means is when you check in to someone 's hotel , you are really checking in to someone 's home . There 's a whole sense of hospitality . Because our members are the owners of the hotels . And they want to care for you as their guest . Maggie Lake : What 's the biggest challenge for you as you look out in the next couple of years for the hotel business and for Best Western ? David Kong : When the economy softens and the stock market goes down , then the hotel industry suffers as a result . And we want to be careful about the years coming , because the economy is only softening . And in addition to that , because after the very good years that we had just recently , there 's been a lot of construction activities . There 's many more hotels coming on board , so without all the supply , we need to be careful .	"  I started in the business being a busboy and dishwasher " "  I believe in hard work , I believe in being dedicated to whatever you do " "  We are not a Coca Cola "
CNN  -- Maicon and Samuel Eto'o were both on target in the second half to give champions Inter Milan a 2-0 win over 10-man Juventus , a result that sees Jose Mourinho 's side return to the top of the Serie A table . The win , only Inter 's fourth in 12 league matches , sends them back to the top of the table by two points from Roma -- who can reclaim top spot if they beat Lazio in the Rome derby on Sunday . A cagey first-half exploded into life eight minutes before the interval when Juve midfielder Mo Sissoko received a second yellow card for a late challenge on Javier Zanetti . The 10-men bravely held out until the 75th minute when Inter took a stunning lead through defender Miacon . The Brazilian juggled the ball over Amauri on the edge of the area before firing a superb strike past goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon . Mario Balotelli then struck the crossbar with a free-kick before the points were sealed in the final minute when Samuel Eto'o was left unmarked in the area to slide home a Sulley Muntari cross .	Maicon and Samuel Eto'o on target to send Inter Milan back to the top of Serie A The defending champions defeat 10-man Juventus 2-0 at the San Siro Roma can reclaim top position if they beat city rivals Lazio on Sunday
CNN  -- Vancouver police said Monday they are recommending 163 charges against 60 people in connection with the riots after the city 's hockey team lost the Stanley Cup . Thousands of angry fans , fuming over their team 's loss , wreaked havoc across downtown sections of the Canadian city in June . "  It became , by many measures , the largest crime spree in the history of  the province of British Columbia  . The statistics are staggering and continue to grow , " Vancouver Police Chief Jim Chu said in a statement . "  This is just the beginning as we expect to announce more arrests in the weeks and months ahead , " he said . Among the 60 suspected rioters are 50 men and 10 women . The top three most common charges being recommended are : participating in a riot , mischief and break and enter , police said . Speaking in June , Chu blamed "  criminals and anarchists " who , he said , disguised themselves as Canucks fans for the riots . "  These were people who came equipped with masks , goggles and gasoline , even fire extinguishers that they would use as weapons , " he said then . The melee began after the Boston Bruins won their first NHL championship in 39 years , trouncing the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 . Footage from the riot showed city police wading into an unruly crowd that taunted and threw debris at the officers . Vehicles were damaged and some were set ablaze . The incident echoed a 1994 Vancouver riot after a Stanley Cup loss to the New York Rangers , causing widespread damage that resulted in hundreds of arrests .	Canucks fans took to the streets and set overturned vehicles ablaze in June Among the 60 suspected rioters are 50 men and 10 women Recommended charges include participating in a riot , mischief and break and enter
CNN  -- A mysterious blast ripped through a busy Turkish customs gate on the border with Syria on Monday , killing at least 13 people and wounding dozens , the Turkish government said . Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc , chief spokesman for the government , said a minivan traveling from Syria to Turkey exploded . He declined to call it a terrorist attack , saying the investigation was still ongoing . "  The type of explosive could not be determined as of this time , " Arinc said . "  In situations like this all possibilities are considered . " There is no question , however , that this was one of the deadliest blasts to hit Turkey in years . "  It 's like hell . People are injured , " said a Turkish smuggler who asked to use only the name Gokmen because of the illicit nature of his work . He said he was on the Syrian side of the sprawling border terminal when he heard the blast . Security Council condemns Syria 's attack on Turkey Amateur video of the explosion aftermath showed bystanders running amid scattered shrapnel , burned-out cars and ambulances , screaming in panic and pain . Bystanders carried a bleeding man from smoking wreckage near the traffic booths where Turkish border officials normally processed transiting cars and cargo trucks . Turkey and Syria : Why neither side wants war "  My house is two kilometers  about a mile and a quarter  away from the border ... but the blast was powerful enough that we heard it , " Mahmut Iri , the mayor of the Turkish border town of Cilvegozu , said in a phone call with CNN . Iri said the explosion hit the last Turkish border gate before Syrian territory . "  I know for a fact that two of the people who died were Turks , " Iri added . Turkish president : " Worst-case scenario ' in Syria becoming reality Syrian rebels first overran the Syrian border gate at Bab el Hawa last summer , flushing out government forces after days of fighting . Within several months , Turkey was allowing vehicles through the border gate to rebel-controlled Syria . Turkish officials have not yet commented on the cause of the deadly blast . Over the past 22 months , fighting has frequently spilled over Turkey 's 900-kilometer  560-mile  border with Syria . In October , five Turkish civilians were killed when Syrian troops shelled the Turkish border town of Akcakale . And in June , Syrian anti-aircraft fire brought down a Turkish military reconnaissance jet over the Mediterranean Sea . When fighting erupts across the border , Turkish authorities periodically close schools that are close to Turkish territory . In recent months , the NATO military alliance has responded to a Turkish government request for assistance by deploying Patriot missile batteries around major cities close to the Syrian border . Hundreds of American , German and Dutch troops have been sent to Turkey to operate the Patriots , which the Turkish government says are designed to protect Turkey from the threat of Syrian ballistic missiles . On February 1 , a suicide bomber attacked the entrance to the U.S. Embassy in Turkey 's capital , Ankara , killing a Turkish guard and seriously wounding a Turkish journalist . A violent leftist group called the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front , or DHKP-C , claimed responsibility for the attack . In a rambling online manifesto , the group said one of the reasons the U.S. Embassy was targeted was to stop what it called American imperialist plans to colonize Syria and Turkey . Fighting inside Syria Meanwhile , Syrian rebels claimed to have captured Syria 's largest man-made dam on Monday . "  The Free Army took control of the city of Tabqa and the Euphrates  Tabqa  Dam , " the opposition Media Center in Tabqa announced in an online posting . Turkey to Syria : Do n't send arms through our airspace "  If clashes will happen , this will cause big damage and the whole area will drown and many places will lose electricity . " CNN could not independently confirm claims that the dam had been captured . The Syrian government did not respond to opposition claims that its forces had lost control of the dam . The Tabqa Dam was completed in the 1970s with the help of thousands of Syrian and Soviet workers . It houses a hydroelectric power station . The dam sits at the end Assad Lake , a man-made reservoir on the Euphrates River named after the father and son who have ruled Syria for the past four decades . Opposition groups distributed videos of Syrian rebels seizing caches of weapons and ammunition from positions once held by Syrian security forces . They also showed video of what appeared to be the dam itself , towering over the surrounding countryside .	NEW : Death toll in minivan explosion rises , government official says Syrian rebels first overran the Syrian border gate at Bab el Hawa last summer Turkish officials have not yet commented on the cause of the blast Meanwhile , Syrian rebels claim to have captured Syria 's largest man-made dam
CNN  -- The wide avenues of Havana became a colorful mosaic of the faces and flags of throngs of Cuban people -- 600,000 of them , according to state media -- as people gathered to commemorate International Workers ' Day , or May Day , on Sunday . But with the recent announcement of possibly sweeping , dramatic changes to Cuba 's economic system , and the difficulties international media face in speaking to Cubans , it is difficult to know with certainty what the mood on those streets is . Two days ago , Cuba 's state-run Granma predicted that today 's parade would be a "  brilliant culmination of the popular mass participation of workers and people in the open and democratic process of discussion " that yielded the recent announcement of economic changes following the Sixth Party Congress of mid-April . But if mood and turnout at the parade were predictable , it was precisely because "  Cuban workers are told by the government to march on May 1 , and then afterwards , the Cuban government decides what the people were marching for , " said Tomas Bilbao , executive director of the online Cuba Study Group , a site dedicated to the opening and reform of Cuba 's society and economy . Bilbao says similar turnouts in previous years have officially been attributed to other reasons . But given compulsory attendance and the lack of full , transparent information among Cuban people , he finds efforts to attribute large turnouts to people 's strong political feelings misleading . An end to those classic cars in Cuba ? Less than two weeks ago , Cuba 's Communist Party held its Sixth Party Congress -- its first in 14 years -- and announced that it had approved drastic changes , including term limits for its top leaders , the gradual elimination of the ration card system , the purchase and sale of housing and cars , and massive layoffs , which the president has said will exceed one million . Among average Cubans , neither the timetable of implementation nor the final details of these changes are known . It is not even clear if they will be formally announced at some future time . This leads to a cautious , if optimistic , uncertainty , Bilbao said . "  There is a lot of anticipation because people are in a desperate situation . But a lot of the fear is from people who will lose state jobs , or people concerned with losing elements of the ration system , especially older people . People are curious ... because in the past , these types of reforms have been rolled back . " "  Plans are still to lay off 500,000 workers in the next few months , and one has to wonder how many of those who attended  the May Day commemorations  are doing so in the hope of avoiding that fate , " said Eusebio Mujal-Leon , director of the Cuba XXI Project at Georgetown University in Washington , D.C. Bilbao says the timing of the Sixth Party Congress is indicative of a lack of party confidence : By preceding the Congress with the 50th anniversary of the Bay of Pigs invasion , and following the Congress with May Day marches , the party maximized nationalist sentiment and the appearance of massive popular support . And as to why the Congress would happen this year , as opposed to previous years , Bilbao said the desire for change has simply grown too strong . "  It 's no longer taboo in Cuba to recognize that the system has failed .  President  Raul Castro has encouraged people to debate what measures should be taken , " Bilbao said of the possibilities of real reform . "  More importantly , " he added , "  there is no alternative . "	Official Cuban media : 600,000 people from Havana gathered at the capital 's Revolution Square Activists say dire economic conditions in Cuba have necessitated structural change Around the world , May Day has historically brought displays of support for Communism and socialism
CNN  -- Art Ginsburg , who as "  Mr. Food " demonstrated recipes and cooking tips in 90-second segments for millions of TV viewers over more than 30 years , died Wednesday of cancer , a company official said . Ginsburg , 81 , died at his home in Weston , Florida , said Howard Rosenthal , an executive at Ginsberg 's Florida-based Mr. Food Brand . Ginsburg , whose syndicated "  Mr. Food " segments were shown on more than 125 television stations nationwide as of June , was known to enthusiastically sign off with his signature phrase , "  Ooh , it 's so good ! " "  What you saw on TV was how Art was off TV , " Rosenthal said . Ginsburg 's "  commitment to anyone-can-do recipes and passion for helping others made him well-loved among his peers and among television viewers and website visitors , " a message on the "  Mr. Food " website said . "  He was one of the first television celebrity chefs and paved a road for many who came after him . " Ginsburg worked as a butcher and owned a catering business before debuting a cooking segment on a TV talk show in upstate New York in 1975 . He began self-syndicating a 90-second "  Mr. Food " TV segment to nine television markets in 1980 . King World Productions -- now CBS Television Distribution -- began syndicating him in 1982 , his company 's website says . He established his own company , which by 1994 had a TV studio , a test kitchen and publishing offices in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . His company has produced more than 50 cookbooks by 2009 . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Dave Alsup and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Ginsburg started syndicating his "  Mr. Food " TV segments more than 30 years ago The "  Mr. Food " segments were on more than 125 TV stations as of June , company says Ginsburg ended his segments with signature "  Ooh , it 's so good ! " He "  paved a road " for TV celebrity chefs , company says
Washington  CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney praised the Obama administration Sunday for using a drone strike to kill American-born Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , but said President Barack Obama should now reverse past criticism of former President George W. Bush 's actions against suspected terrorists . Al-Awlaki -- an American whose fluency in English and technology made him one of the top terrorist recruiters in the world -- was killed Friday in Yemen , according to U.S. and Yemeni government officials . The strike also killed Samir Khan , an American of Pakistani origin , and two others who were in the same vehicle as al-Awlaki , said the U.S. official , who was briefed by the CIA . Khan specialized in computer programming for al Qaeda and authored the terror network 's online magazine , Inspire . "  I think it was a very good strike . I think it was justified , " Cheney told CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union . " But "  I 'm waiting for the administration to go back and correct something they said two years ago when they criticized us for ` overreacting ' to the events of 9/11 . " The Obama administration has "  clearly ... moved in the direction of taking robust action when they feel it is justified , " Cheney said . Cheney 's daughter , Liz Cheney , went a step further , saying Obama "  in effect said that we had walked away from  America 's  ideals . " "  I think he did tremendous damage , " Liz Cheney said . "  I think he slandered the nation and I think he owes an apology to the American people . " When asked by Crowley if Dick Cheney also wants an apology , the former vice president replied , "  Well , I would . I think that would be not for me , but I think for the Bush administration . " Republican critics of the administration claim it is hypocritical for Obama to approve the killing of Americans without due process while criticizing Bush officials for signing off on the use of so-called "  enhanced interrogation techniques " such as waterboarding . The use of such techniques has been banned by Obama . Former Rep. Jane Harman , D-California , told CNN that she believes many of Obama 's critiques of the Bush White House -- most notably its secrecy -- are valid . "  I do n't think the Obama administration should be repeating " those mistakes , Harman said . "  I think the debate about the legal grounds  for counterterrorism strategy  should be more in the open , " she said . In particular , "  we should have a legal framework around our interrogation and detention policies far more than we do now . " Harman , a former top member of the House Intelligence and Homeland Security committees , also cautioned about the need for strict guidelines in the use of drone strikes , which have increased under Obama 's watch . Critics of drone strikes argue that they undermine the U.S. cause by killing innocent civilians , infringing on the sovereignty of other nations and generating sympathy for al Qaeda and other extremist organizations . "  We could abuse this program , " Harman said . "  We 've got to have a counter-narrative  to dissuade potential terrorists  . We 've got to live our values . " Retired Gen. Michael Hayden , a former CIA director under George W. Bush , largely dismissed Harman 's warning , telling CNN that critics of drone strikes "  greatly exaggerate " their collateral damage . The strikes are arguably the most critical weapon in the U.S. arsenal against al Qaeda , Hayden said . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Cheney says Obama should back off past criticism of the Bush anti-terror policies Cheney says a strike that killed Anwar al-Awlaki shows Obama is embracing Bush tactics Former Rep. Jane Harman says critiques of the Bush administration remain valid Former CIA Director Michael Hayden says drone strikes are critical to al Qaeda fight
Berkeley , California  CNN  -- On a research trip in Nigeria , Dr. Laura Stachel watched as physicians performed an emergency cesarean section . What happened next stunned her . "  The lights went out , " Stachel recalled , "  and I said , ` How are they going to finish ? ' " She was even more surprised by the nonchalant response . "  You did n't even see people reacting because it was something they were so used to , " she said . Fortunately , Stachel had a flashlight with her , and the doctors were able to use it to complete the surgery . But during that two-week trip in 2008 , she witnessed countless other times when the lives of mothers and babies were at risk simply because of a lack of reliable electricity . Pregnant women would arrive at the hospital with severe complications , but without adequate light to treat them , procedures had to be compromised or delayed until daylight . Some women were even turned away . "  I realized that my skills as an obstetrician-gynecologist were utterly useless  without  something as basic as light and electricity , " Stachel said . Stachel said midwives in Nigeria use all kinds of makeshift lighting when they deliver babies : kerosene lanterns , candles , even cell phones . "  That 's not adequate light for maternity care , " she said . "  If somebody is hemorrhaging , if a baby needs resuscitation , you need to have directed light . " Nigeria is one of the 10 most dangerous countries in the world for a woman to give birth . In 2010 , an estimated 40,000 Nigerian women died in childbirth -- 14 % of all such deaths worldwide , according to the World Health Organization and the United Nations . Meanwhile , the neonatal mortality rate is also one of the worst in the world . Each year , about 4 % of babies in Nigeria die before reaching 28 days old ; for comparison , the United States rate is only a fraction of this at 0.4 % . Stachel said that in her two weeks in Nigeria , she saw more complications than she had in her entire career in the United States . "  Once I witnessed the things that I saw , " she said , "  I had to let people know , and I had do something about it . " With the help of Hal Aronson , her husband and a solar energy educator , Stachel worked to find a solution . He drew up designs for a solar electric system to provide a free source of power to the state hospital in northern Nigeria where Stachel had conducted her research . While they raised funds for the project , Stachel returned to Nigeria with a small kit to help show what the system would be able to do : It had a couple of solar panels inside , some lights and walkie-talkies to improve communication . The kit was only meant for demonstration purposes -- a miniature model of the larger system . But the surgical technicians saw it as something else . "  They said : "  This is incredible . You have to leave this with us . ... This could help us save lives right now , ' " Stachel said . She did just that , and news of the kit soon spread to other clinics . So each time Stachel would return to Africa , she came with one or two new "  solar suitcases " assembled by her husband . Today , the solar suitcase includes two solar panels that are mounted on a clinic 's roof and connected to high-quality LED lights . Once fully charged , it can provide light for up to 20 hours . The kit also contains headlamps , a fetal Doppler to monitor a baby 's heart rate and a cell phone charging unit . Over time , the solar suitcase has become simpler in design . "  We got to something that was really rugged , simple to use , portable and that we knew would really work in harsh environments , " Stachel said . It also spread to other countries after Stachel and Aronson started a nonprofit , We Care Solar . Since 2009 , the kits have been helping health-care workers save lives not only in Nigeria but in facilities throughout Africa , Asia and Central America . For Stachel , the solar suitcase is only part of a bigger mission to improve maternal health care and lower mortality rates in developing countries . According to the World Health Organization , about 800 women die every day from preventable causes related to pregnancy and childbirth . And 99 % of all maternal deaths occur in developing countries . "  I really want a world where women can deliver safely and with dignity , and women do n't have to fear an event that we consider a joy in this country . To see birth associated with death and fear is an outrage , " Stachel said . "  Before I went to Africa , I knew women were dying at high rates . I just did n't know they were run-of-the-mill things we can take care of . " In 2009 , We Care Solar completed the solar electric installation that her husband originally designed for the state hospital . Over the next year , the hospital reported that the death rate for women had decreased 70 % . Nurses told Stachel they could see what they were doing , they did n't have to turn women away , and they had blood for transfusions because the electricity provided power for a blood bank refrigerator . "  When we saw the impact , that gave me the impetus to provide this fundamental thing for people to do the job they knew how to do , " Stachel said . We Care Solar provides its solar suitcase , along with training and installation , to hospitals and clinics for free . Each solar suitcase costs $ 1,500 , which the nonprofit funds through grants and support from partner organizations and sponsors . Stachel also works with its partners in various countries to identify clinics in need and help engage the community . "  We often ask them to be involved participating in research studies , giving us feedback and making a commitment to maintain these and to replace parts as they 're needed , " Stachel said . So far , We Care Solar has provided nearly 400 solar suitcases to facilities in 27 countries . They 're being used in main hospitals as backup systems and in rural clinics as a primary source of electricity . "  It 's just shifted the morale of the health-care worker , " Stachel said . "  They 're now excited to come to work . ... Mothers are now eager to come to the clinics . " Fanny Chathyoka , a midwife at a rural clinic in landlocked Malawi in southern Africa , used to use light from her cell phone when treating patients at night . She said the solar electric kit she received from Stachel last month "  keeps me going . " "  This light ... is going to bring good changes , " she said . "  We should not lose any women . I will be able to give good deliveries . Suturing will not be a problem for me . Resuscitation of a baby during the night will not be a problem , because of the light . I feel very happy . " Ultimately , Stachel hopes her efforts will be part of a movement that makes a dent in a very big problem . "  We did n't set out to transform maternal health care around the world , but it feels like this has grown to something so much bigger than I had ever imagined , " she said . "  Communities are celebrating the fact that they have light . And that they now have one more component to help with safe motherhood . It 's amazing . " Want to get involved ? Check out the We Care Solar website at wecaresolar.org and see how to help . CNN 's Diane McCarthy contributed to this report .	In some countries , a lack of reliable electricity is to blame for deaths during childbirth Dr. Laura Stachel witnessed this tragic truth during a trip to Nigeria five years ago She and her husband are now delivering a solution : solar energy in a suitcase
CNN  -- Most of us can appreciate that the world is an ancient place and that a lot has changed in the almost 4.6 billion years since it took its shape . It 's not easy to have a feel for the amount of time that has passed , but grappling with deep time helps you understand why an atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration  CO2  of 400 parts per million  ppm  is meaningful . Deep time is geologic time and the scale needed to fathom the evolution of life , mountains , oceans , and Earth 's climate . Climate , one must note , is not weather . Weather is experienced day to day . Climate occurs on longer scales : the tropics are hot and wet ; Antarctica is freezing and miserable . If you wanted to consider the climate of the whole planet you would need to consider its temperature . Without greenhouse gases the world would be a much colder  ~ 30 C or 65 F colder  and lonelier place . All of us have felt the greenhouse effect because water vapor is a greenhouse gas and when summer humidity is high you just ca n't get any relief . Even at night when the sun is gone , water vapor keeps radiating the heat . Dry desert nights are just the opposite , with temperatures falling fast when the lights go out . CO2 works the same way as water vapor . More CO2 radiates more heat , increasing the average temperature and turning more surface water into water vapor , which radiates more heat . This is an example of a positive feedback and positive feedbacks push temperatures higher than CO2 alone . Global climate models tell us that doubling CO2 will lead to a global temperature increase between 2 and 4.5 C  that 's 3.6 to 8 F  , reflecting the climate sensitivity to CO2 . Since 400 ppm marks a 43 % man-made CO2 rise  from 280 to 400 ppm in ~ 200 years  , we should soon expect 1 C  1.8 F  of warming if low-end estimates of climate sensitivity are correct . Well , a 1 C  1.8 F  global temperature increase is close to what we 've already measured , but full warming is not expressed overnight or even over decades because the world is mostly a cold ocean that helps ameliorate immediate warming by taking up heat . Also , man-made atmospheric particles could be masking up to 0.5 C  0.9 F  of the potential temperature rise . With this in mind , we expect temperatures to further increase even if CO2 stopped rising , and so it 's not alarming to assume that climate sensitivity might be higher than the belief of an optimist . So , how much CO2 is too much ? This is where deep time helps frame our expectations of things to come . First , as far as we know , the rate of our CO2 rise is unprecedented in Earth history . That 's saying something , is n't it ? During the well-known glacial-interglacial cycles that occurred in the last one million years , CO2 fell to a cold 180 ppm and back up to 280 ppm . Those changes took thousands to tens-of-thousand of years , so , 400 ppm not only breaks that record , but it breaks it in record time . When climate scientists say that they are worried about 2 to 5 C  3.6 -- 9 F  of global warming , keep in mind that global temperature was , at most , 4 to 5 C  7.2 -- 9 F  colder during the last ice age when miles of ice piled up on land and pushed enough dirt to make Long Island . Small numbers , like 4 C  7.2 F  of cooling can mean big things , but that 's not where we 're headed any more . Now we 're headed deeper into the past . At best , CO2 levels are similar to 4 million years ago when global temperatures were 3 to 4 C  5.4 -- 7.2 F  higher , and there was little-to-no ice on Greenland , and sea levels were at least ~ ~ 20 m  65 feet  higher . Even if we were to resolve to live in the warmth of the relatively recent past , the nagging problem is that atmospheric CO2 levels will continue to rise and stay around for a very , very long time without intentional intervention and/or a surprising technological innovation . CO2 is increasing at about 3 ppm per year and we will be arriving at a minimum CO2 concentration of 700 ppm by year 2100 if nothing is done . In terms of our history , that places us somewhere beyond 35 million years ago when there was no permanent ice on the poles and sea level was over 200 feet higher than today . Add more CO2 to the mix and we step back towards peak temperatures 50 million years ago when CO2 is estimated to have been about 1000 ppm and sub-tropical plants and crocodiles inhabited the poles . There 's lots of uncertainty when trying to reconstruct ancient climates and the factors that produced them , but having some sense of the past informs us in the same way as knowing the history of our grandparents and the potential inheritance of future ailments . Deep time tells us that we are traveling forward to a world that is an extraordinary warm and different place , something Earth scientists refer to as a greenhouse world . Hopefully we will resist the urge to take the trip , but if we do n't , I know a few people who would be happy to study how it all went down . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Pagani .	Mark Pagani : CO2 level in atmosphere portends major changes He says research on the past shows the dangers of high levels of greenhouse gases Today 's CO2 levels comparable to time when Greenland had little ice , sea was 65 feet higher Pagani : With more CO2 , we hark back to when crocodiles and sub-tropical plants inhabited the poles
Like other branches of science , nutrition is constantly evolving . As researchers learn more about vitamins and minerals , for example , dietary advice changes . Coffee is the top source of antioxidants in an American diet . Take vitamin D , the "  sunshine " vitamin , so named because it is produced primarily in the skin through a chemical reaction that requires ultraviolet light . Increasingly , nutritionists recommend that you boost your daily intake because of vitamin D 's potential to help fight certain types of cancer . In fact , many expect the next version of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans , due in 2010 , to raise the amount currently recommended from 200 International Units  IU  for adults to 400 or more . But any advice that encourages exposure to sunlight concerns dermatologists , since rates of basal cell carcinoma , the most common type of skin cancer , have tripled in the past 30 years . So ... to D or not to D ? We went to the experts for help in sorting out what the science really says about vitamin D and three other nutritional riddles , and more importantly , what that means for you . Vitamin D The good news : A short stroll in the sun supplies enough vitamin D to maintain healthy bones ; emerging research points to strong anti-cancer benefits , too . The potential risk : Exposure to sunlight causes skin cancer . What the research says : Vitamin D tells the body to absorb more bone-building calcium from foods . "  Vitamin D is most known for its beneficial effects on the skeleton , but , to me , its effects on cancer are much more significant , " says Bruce W. Hollis , Ph.D. , professor of pediatrics at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston . In a study of 47,800 men , scientists at the Harvard School of Public Health reported that 1,500 IU daily of vitamin D reduced the risk of cancers of the digestive system by 43 percent . Another study from the University of California at San Diego of 1,760 women suggests that 2,700 IU daily may reduce the risk of breast cancer by 50 percent . CookingLight.com : Power up your plate Reaching the amount of D currently recommended -- 200 IU per day for adults ages 19 to 50 and 400 IU per day for those ages 51 to 70 -- through diet is difficult , Hollis says . Food sources of vitamin D are scarce ; salmon , mackerel , and sardines are the top sources , containing 250 to 360 IU per 3-ounce serving . Milk comes next , but the levels of vitamin D with which it is fortified varies . When researchers from Boston University analyzed 79 milk samples , they found that 37 percent contained less than 5 percent of the 100 IU vitamin D per cup promised . What you should do : "  The most powerful source of vitamin D is the sun , " Hollis says . Make the most of it . Protect your face , ears , neck , and the backs of hands each day with a moisturizer that contains a sun-protection factor  SPF  of 15 or higher . These spots are where skin cancers usually develop first . But on days when you are n't going to spend much time in the sun , leave spf off legs and arms to let them manufacture vitamin D . In just 10 minutes , a light-skinned person produces 10,000 to 20,000 IU vitamin D. Because skin pigments can interfere with vitamin D synthesis , darker-skinned people produce it more slowly . If you have dark skin or live or work where you are seldom exposed to sunlight , talk to your doctor about supplementing your intake of vitamin D. Hollis recommends choosing a supplement that contains vitamin D3 , also known as cholecalciferol ; it 's the vitamin 's most readily absorbable form . Coffee The good news : Caffeine , obtained most frequently from coffee in a typical American diet , may reduce the risk of developing Parkinson 's disease . An antioxidant in coffee may also help protect against diabetes . The potential risk : Caffeine may cause bone loss , which increases the risk for osteoporosis . What the research says : In trying to solve this nutritional conundrum , it helps to put study findings in their proper context , says Tara Coghlin-Dickson , M.S. , R.D. , a clinical dietitian at Stanford University Hospital in Stanford , California . A widely reported 2001 study of 489 postmenopausal women found that caffeine intakes higher than 300 milligrams  mg  per day -- roughly the amount in two cups of coffee -- accelerated bone loss in women . However , the study reveals an important qualifier : The women 's average calcium intake was 725mg per day , 475mg short of the Daily Recommended Intake . "  Caffeine can act as a calcium thief , but the real risk for osteoporosis is chronic low calcium , " Coghlin-Dickson says . It 's well known that caffeine -- a stimulant -- can improve focus and concentration . Recent research also has linked caffeine to a reduced risk of Parkinson 's disease . When scientists at Harvard University tracked rates of Parkinson 's in more than 135,000 men and women for 12 years , they found that men who consumed four to five cups of coffee daily and women who consumed one to three cups daily were half as likely to develop the disease as those who did n't consume coffee . CookingLight.com : Healthy chocolate ? Researchers are n't yet sure why coffee has a protective effect but suggest the benefit could be linked to caffeine 's ability to accelerate neurotransmissions in the brain . Coffee 's connection to diabetes prevention appears clearer . In a 10-year trial of 88,000 women , researchers from the Harvard School of Public Health in Boston , Massachusetts found that women who drank two or more cups of coffee per day were 47 percent less likely to develop type 2 diabetes , the adult-onset variety of the disease . In this study , the benefits of the brew were n't directly associated with caffeine ; decaffeinated coffee provided similar results . More likely , chlorogenic acid , an antioxidant abundant in coffee , is responsible for the effect , says Frank Hu , M.D. , Ph.D. , lead author of the study and associate professor of nutrition and epidemiology . What you should do : "  Considering all of the evidence we 've accumulated in the last 10 years , coffee is more healthful than harmful , " Hu says . Like all things , caffeine -- and coffee -- are probably best in moderation ; have one cup , maybe two per day . You may also benefit from the brew 's antioxidants ; coffee is the top source of antioxidants in an American diet . Omega-3s The good news : Eating fish rich in omega-3s may improve your heart health . The potential risk : Some types of fish contain high levels of mercury , a toxin . What the research says : In 2004 the Food and Drug Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency issued an advisory recommending that pregnant or nursing women and young children avoid intake of high-mercury fish species , such as swordfish , king mackerel , tilefish , and shark because mercury can cause developmental defects in children . The threat is real , but the response is n't . Two-thirds of Americans believe the risk applies to everyone , not just expectant mothers and young children , according to a survey by the Center for Food , Nutrition , and Agriculture Policy . "  People think , ` If it 's not good for babies , then it 's probably not good for me , ' " says Joshua Cohen , Ph.D. , a lecturer at Tufts University School of Medicine in Boston . "  But men and postmenopausal women should focus on the fact that eating fish can help reduce their risk of stroke and heart attack . " CookingLight.com : Clearly healthy oils When Cohen correlated data about fish consumption to annual rates of heart disease in a report published last year in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine , he determined that if all American adults -- including women of childbearing age -- consumed 8 ounces of a low-mercury fish each week , the annual number of coronary deaths in the United States would drop by 20,000 . Omega-3 fats , which are provided by certain fish , help make "  bad " LDL cholesterol less likely to stick to artery walls and may relieve arterial inflammation . What you should do : If you 're not a woman of childbearing age , consume two 6-ounce servings of fatty fish per week . "  To sacrifice the benefits for a risk that does n't pertain to you is cheating yourself , " Cohen says . Stick with species that are low in mercury but high in omega-3s -- salmon , canned light tuna , pollock , flounder , sole , herring , shrimp , and sardines . E-mail to a friend For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved .	The most powerful source of vitamin D is the sun Recent research has linked caffeine to a reduced risk of Parkinson 's disease For most , benefits of eating fatty fish outweigh mercury risks
CNN  You go for some target practice , look down the firing range and see at the other end that one of the targets is -- your brother , an old photo of him . National Guardswoman Valerie Deant was devastated to see her brother Woody 's image pierced by police sniper bullets , she told NBC6 in an exclusive report . But his photo was n't the only one of an African-American being used for target practice last November . There were six bullet-riddled mugshots of black males at the range . Racism ? No , says North Miami Beach Police Chief J. Scott Dennis . Two of his snipers were using them for target practice -- one of them is Hispanic , and the other a black male of Haitian descent . Their target , a row of black men , which the snipers left behind at the stand , was one of many . There are also groups of white males , Hispanic males and white women . Picking the target carefully There are 22 images in all , including a white man holding a gun to a white woman 's head and one of now-dead al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . "  The same target inventory has been used for more than a decade , " Dennis said in a statement . The idea is to have an array of photos with faces that look similar , so the sniper can practice exactly picking out the right target and avoid killing the wrong person in a real-life situation , Dennis said . The department uses mugshots of people they arrested 10 to 15 years ago , and Woody Deant was one of them . Deant told NBC6 that he was booked after a deadly drag race . He has walked the straight and narrow ever since , he said . "  I can sympathize with the family discovering their brother 's photo on the target , " Dennis said . Dennis became aware of the family being upset in late December and ordered an investigation . It turned up no violations of law or department policy . But things will change . "  We realize how important this issue is during today 's climate , " Dennis said . Snipers will no longer use mugshots of people they have arrested , but instead will buy practice pictures from commercial vendors . And they are instructed from now on to destroy their targets after they 're done .	A woman was devastated to see her brother and other black men as targets , NBC6 reports Police say they also use groups of white men , Hispanic men and white women
CNN  -- "  Flowers of War " has a multitude of advantages over its rivals in the Oscar race for best foreign language film . Most obviously , it stars Christian Bale , who plays an American pretending to be a priest in order to survive the brutal 1937 Japanese invasion of Nanking , China . Moreover , Bale 's character , and several others , speak English , making the film much more accessible to Academy voters . Lastly , it 's the official category submission from China , which just so happens to be the most promising unrealized market for blockbuster Hollywood films . But the Oscars can also be very political , in every possible way . Including the literal sense . Last week , when Bale was roughed-up on camera while attempting to visit Chen Guangcheng , a blind activist who had been under house arrest in China for documenting his country 's population-control measures , the Dark Knight actor reminded western audiences of China 's less-than-stellar human rights record . If that was n't enough , Chinese authorities responded strongly to the scuffle , saying that Bale "  should be embarrassed " by his actions . "  He was not invited to create a story or shoot film in a certain village , " said a spokesperson for the Chinese government . "  I think if you want to make up news in China , you will not be welcome here . " Think voters might now be tempted to view "  Flowers of War " in a different light ? The Zhang Yimou film was n't the race 's favorite to begin with -- "  Iran 's A Separation " looks to be the frontrunner -- but this public-relations controversy and China 's belligerent response could have a severe impact on the war film 's Oscar prospects . Hollywood 's interest in access to China 's restrictive market is now counterbalanced by a temptation to stick up for Batman . Did n't the Chinese see the Hong Kong scene in The Dark Knight ? In the real world , who cares ? China has broader interests than a golden statue . But make no mistake : China covets an Oscar that would legitimize its booming movie industry -- "  Flowers of War , " with a budget of nearly $ 100 million , is its biggest project ever -- and despite two previous nominations in the category , the country has never won the trophy . Now with its spotlight film 's most visible star at odds with the government , the chances of a Chinese Oscar could be dead on arrival . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly 짤 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Christian Bale plays a pseudo American priest in his new movie "  Flowers of War " The movie is nominated for an Oscar in the best foreign film category Bale engaged in a scuffle while filming and he is now at odds with the Chinese government China has never won a trophy and now has less chances of winning an Oscar this year
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Four Americans -- two soldiers and two civilians from the Defense and State departments -- were killed Tuesday in a blast that rocked a municipal building in Baghdad 's Sadr City , the U.S. Embassy said . The attack also killed six Iraqis and wounded 10 others , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . A second employee from the U.S. Defense Department also died , but that person was n't an American . The employee was a dual Italian-Iraqi national , the Italian Foreign Ministry said . The U.S. military said the blast struck a meeting of a district advisory council , a neighborhood group that looks at local needs and passes on its assessments to the provincial government . The deputy head of the council was seriously injured , the Interior Ministry official said . The U.S. military blamed Iranian-backed militants it calls Special Groups for the blast and detained three people in connection with the attack , including a suspect "  fleeing the scene -LSB- who -RSB- tested positive for explosive residue . " "  We believe the target of the attack was a high-ranking -LSB- district advisory council -RSB- member as well as the U.S. soldiers , " said Lt. Col. Steve Stover , a U.S. military spokesman . "  We believe the Special Groups criminals were upset that the DAC member was working with coalition forces to improve the quality of life for the southern Sadr City residents . " A statement from Ryan Crocker , U.S. ambassador to Iraq , identified the slain State Department employee as Steve Farley . "  Mr. Farley was a member of our embedded Provincial Reconstruction Team for the Sadr City and Adhamiya districts of Baghdad City , " the statement said . "  We extend our deepest condolences to their families and friends , and our profound appreciation for the ultimate sacrifice that they made in service to their country and for the people of Iraq . This is a tragic loss and one we all mourn . " The U.S. Embassy statement did n't identify the other victims . The blast dramatizes the perils the war still poses for Americans despite a Pentagon report Monday that touted a sharp decrease in violence in Iraq in recent months . The explosion also marked the third strike in two days involving local politicians and political institutions in Baghdad . A city councilman on Monday fired on U.S. forces at a municipal building southeast of the capital in the Salman Pak area and killed two soldiers . Separately , the head of Abu Dsheer City Council in Baghdad 's southern Dora area was gunned down at his home later Monday . Last week , a bomb ripped through Baghdad 's Hurriya district near a neighborhood advisory council meeting where U.S. troops were stationed , killing 63 people and wounding 71 others . The U.S. military also blamed that attack on a Special Groups cell , but Stover could n't say whether it was connected to Tuesday 's blast . "  Last week 's event was an attempt to incite sectarian violence and hatred against the Iraqi Sunni population in an effort to keep them from returning to Hurriya , " Stover said . Sadr City , the scene of Tuesday 's deadly blast , is a stronghold of Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr and where some of the capital 's most intense fighting in recent months has occurred between Shiite militia members and Iraqi security forces . A truce deal was reached last month between the Iraqi government and al-Sadr 's followers , ending weeks of fighting and allowing the Iraqi army to enter Sadr City , but violence persists . Al-Sadr recently announced his intention to develop a new fighting force that would battle U.S.-led forces in Iraq . Many followers in al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army militia have heeded a long-standing cease-fire , but some rogue forces are thought to be involved in violence . "  This was the fourth meeting of this district council , led by hard-working Iraqis determined to make a difference and set Sadr City off on the right path . Special Groups are afraid of progress and afraid of empowering the people , " Lt. Col. John Digiambatista of the 4th Infantry Division said in a news release , referring to Tuesday 's attack . Twenty-five U.S. troops have died in Iraq to date this month . There have been 4,109 deaths of U.S. service members since the war began . Other developments  Three U.S. soldiers and their Iraqi interpreter were killed Tuesday evening by a roadside bomb in northern Iraq 's Nineveh Province , the U.S. military said . No other details were immediately released .  A suicide car bomb went off near a police station in central Mosul Tuesday evening , killing a child , a police officer and wounding dozens more . Police and civilians , including women and children , were among the wounded , though injury reports varied from 90 to 70 to 57 , according to the U.S. Military , Mosul police and the Iraq Interior Ministry , respectively . All three sources agreed on the death toll , however . Several houses were affected by the blast , which destroyed a coffee shop in a residential area .  Earlier Tuesday , coalition troops in Mosul killed a senior-level al Qaeda in Iraq leader , the U.S. military said . The operation led to the killing of the group 's "  emir " of Mosul , the military said . A dozen people were detained in raids targeting the group in northern Iraq and Baghdad , the military said .  U.S. troops raided a Shiite militant hideout Tuesday in southeastern Baghdad 's Karrada district , capturing four suspects the military said were connected to recent attacks on coalition bases . A vehicle bomb being built in the hideout was destroyed , according to a coalition statement .  Anbar province will soon be run by the Iraqi military . The U.S. military said it is transferring security responsibility this week to the Iraqis . Anbar is the 10th of the 18 provinces where Iraqi forces have taken charge of security control since 2003 and the first largely Sunni Arab province to do so . CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Another victim identified as Italian-Iraqi working for U.S. Defense Department NEW : Child and policeman killed , dozens wounded in Mosul suicide car bomb Four Americans and six Iraqis among 11 dead in blast in Baghdad 's Sadr City U.S. military will transfer security responsibilities in Anbar province to Iraqi military
CNN  -- The appeal hearing for three members of the punk rock band Pussy Riot , who were sentenced to two years for performing a song critical of President Vladimir Putin , will continue next week . One of the band members Yekaterina Samutsevich said Monday that she no longer wants to work with an attorney who does n't share her views in the case . The hearing will resume October 10 . Read more : Pussy Riot supporters vent anger on Twitter The women were convicted in August for hooliganism , sparking an international outcry . Authorities charged them after they criticized Putin in one of Moscow 's grandest cathedrals . Read more : Band member 's husband condemns Pussy Riot prison sentences "  Mother Mary please drive Putin away , " the women screamed in February inside the Christ Savior Cathedral , their faces covered in neon masks . The group 's prayer was inspired by their anger about the relationship between the Russian government and the Orthodox Church , according to the band 's manager , who is married to one of the suspects . A judge rejected the women 's defense that they were acting from political motives , ruling that they had intended to insult the Orthodox Church and undermine public order . An Orthodox church leader has been widely reported as saying Putin 's years in power have been a miracle from God . A day before the hearing , the Russian Orthodox Church appealed for leniency for the band members , according to state-owned Ria Novosti . The church believes repentance will "  benefit the souls " of the band members , the news agency said . Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has called for the members ' release , but said he is "  sickened " by their actions . The three -- Samutsevich , Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina -- were arrested in March . Two other members of the female punk rock band have fled Russia . CNN "  s Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report	NEW : The hearing will continue October 10 The three women were convicted in August to two years in prison The sentence is linked to their performance of a song critical of President Vladimir Putin Their song was in one of Moscow 's grandest cathedrals
CNN  -- The chances you 'll die from heart disease are good -- too good . Heart disease is the leading cause of death for Americans . It 's especially of concern for women , since symptoms can be different from those seen in men , according to the American Heart Association . The good news is , you have a tremendous ability to keep yourself from becoming a sad statistic . Here are five simple things you can do to take better care of your ticker . Get some zzz 's You need seven to eight hours a night to be well-rested . Sleep is not just downtime . It 's when your brain forms new pathways to help your memory . It 's when your heart and vascular system get a break , as your blood pressure and heart rate slow down . If you do n't get enough sleep , your body constantly produces adrenaline and stress hormones to keep you awake . That means your blood pressure and heart rate does n't slow down as well , and that hurts your heart . Your sleeping body also produces cytokines , which helps your immune system fight infections and chronic inflammation . Studies show poor sleep -- anything less than six hours -- hurts women more than it does men . Get active  yes , including sex ! Any kind of exercise is essential for your heart , including sex , studies show . "  My guess is the ` get more sex  suggestion  ' was published by a man , " Dr. Deidre Mattina joked . But the Henry Ford Health System cardiologist admits she has "  written on my prescription pad that a patient should have more chocolate , sex and coffee . " All of those , in moderation , are good for stress relief , she said . Studies do show that sex is a significant form of exercise . Mattina recommends you get at least 30 minutes a day of moderate-intensity exercise whether it is at the gym , in your neighborhood or even in your bedroom . Something as simple as walking counts -- "  as long as when I call you on the cell phone I can tell by your breathing that you are exercising , " Mattina said . "  You ca n't just be on a stroll window shopping . " Exercise lowers your blood pressure , helps you lose weight , increase your good cholesterol  HDL  , reduces your bad cholesterol  LDL  and increases your insulin sensitivity . Only about 20 % of American adults meet the minimum standard for exercise recommended by the federal government , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . That standard is 2 1/2 hours a week of moderate aerobic exercise like walking or 75 minutes of vigorous exercise like jogging . Being overweight is also hard on your heart , so if you want to lose weight aim for 60 to 90 minutes of exercise a day , according to Dr. Carol Ma , a cardiologist at Florida Hospital in Orlando . "  I tell my patients you should have a BMI that 's less than 25 and a waist that measures less than 35 . That 's pretty specific , but that 's what you need for a healthy heart , " Ma said . Raise a glass -- and maybe a carrot -- to your heart A drink a day can keep the heart doctor away . If you do drink  do n't start for a healthier heart  , Mattina suggests one alcoholic beverage is enough  for the guys it 's two  . Any more can stress your heart . A drink , by the way , is not an extra-large tumbler . It 's 12 ounces of beer , 4 ounces of wine , 1.5 ounces of 80-proof spirits or 1 ounce of 100-proof spirits . This is not just limited to red wine , which does have heart-healthy antioxidants . There is evidence to suggest a drink can increase levels of "  good " cholesterol and protect against artery damage . Alcohol can also help you relax . Eating healthy is also essential -- watch refined sugar , salt and fat and eat lots of fruits and vegetables  in the 4.5 cup range  . Keep a close eye on salt . Most Americans eat too much and over 75 % of it comes from packaged foods or from eating out . The Dietary Guidelines for Americans suggest limiting salt to less than 2,300 miligrams per day -- that 's about 1 teaspoon . Ma also tells her patients to keep a healthy heart diet high in omega-3 fatty acids like what you find in fish . Do n't let your doctor be lonely Get screened for heart disease . Regular screening can catch risks early and prevent problems down the road . The kind of tests you need depend on your age , how much exercise you get , how great your diet is and your family history  if your parents or brothers and/or sisters have heart problems , you 're at risk  . The American Heart Association suggests everyone start monitoring heart health by age 20 . Your doctor should check your blood pressure , your weight and your cholesterol and triglyceride levels . High blood pressure greatly increases your chance of having heart problems . If your blood pressure is above 120/80mm , you may want more regular checks . Blood pressure can be controlled through medication or a better diet and exercise . Starting at age 45 , get your blood glucose levels checked . High blood glucose levels -- a sign of Type 2 diabetes -- can lead to heart disease and stroke . You may also want a more comprehensive heart screening . At Henry Ford where Mattina works , a typical heart screening involves all the tests you should have in your 20s . A BMI test is performed and your waist circumference measured . The electrical activity in your heart is monitored , and you 'll undergo what 's called a carotid intima-media thickness test . Essentially , the two major arteries in your neck are screened for signs of hardening  an early sign of disease  . A carotid and peripheral arterial disease screening looks for blockages in your legs , neck and arms . Your blood sugar is measured , your lipid profiles are tested and your cholesterol checked . "  We do a lot of sick care in medicine these days , " Mattina said . "  I think we need to be more aggressive and look for potential problems before they happen because what we generally have now is n't enough . " For women , it 's especially important to know the signs of heart trouble , as they can differ from symptoms in men . Instead of the classic chest pain with exertion , women may experience this pain while resting or have a sensation in their neck or jaw -- or classic symptoms that can be confused with gastro-intestinal disease . "  Women are so busy taking care of everyone else they put themselves last , but they have to take care of themselves when it comes to their heart , " Ma said . Quit smoking "  This is No. 1 on my list , " Mattina said , and Ma agreed . Mattina said when she sees a young patient who has a heart attack , 90 % of them admit to being smokers . It 's a little known fact , but most smokers die from heart disease long before they 'll get lung cancer . There are fewer smokers these days , according to the CDC but the number of women who quit has plateaued . Smoking is still the leading cause of preventable death in the United States . It tends to create blood clots , decreases your levels of good cholesterol , makes it harder to exercise and can raise your blood pressure temporarily .	Heart disease is the No. 1 killer of Americans Heart disease can be prevented with diet , exercise , sleep and stress-reduction Smoking is one of the leading causes of heart disease in young people
Pope Francis washed the feet of a dozen prisoners , including young women , at a youth detention center in Rome as part of a Holy Thursday Mass ahead of Easter . The pontiff poured water over the young offenders ' feet , wiped them with a white towel and kissed them . The act of foot-washing at the Mass of the Lord 's Supper is part of the Christian tradition that mirrors Jesus ' washing of his disciples ' feet . Francis ' decision to celebrate the Mass with young offenders at the Casal del Marmo center represents a break with tradition but is in step with his record in embracing simplicity and humility . The service has in past years been held at the grand Basilica of St. John Lateran , the official seat of the bishop of Rome . This time , the Mass "  will be , by his express desire , very simple , " the Vatican said before the service . The young offenders were expected to give the pope a wooden crucifix and kneeler , which they made themselves in the detention center 's workshop . In return , Francis was to bring Easter eggs and colomba , traditional Italian Easter cake in the shape of a dove , for all , the Vatican had said . The Casal del Marmo center houses close to 50 inmates , who range in age from 14 to 21 . The young people who had their feet washed were chosen from different nationalities and diverse religious backgrounds . Two young women and two Muslims were included in the rite , according to the Vatican . Why is the pope washing prisoners ' feet ? More than 2,000 cardinals , archbishops , bishops and priests , as well as more than 10,000 of the Roman Catholic faithful , joined the pope in celebrating Mass in St. Peter 's Basilica on Thursday morning . Francis urged the priests to be close to their congregations and listen to their everyday concerns , even if those concerns sometimes appear material or mundane . The priests should be "  shepherds who have the smell of their sheep , " he said . Reaching out to the ` forgotten ' Francis was installed as pope 10 days ago , having been elected to fill the shoes of Benedict XVI . Since taking on the role , he has focused on a message of helping the poor and needy . In his first general audience Wednesday , before crowds gathered in St. Peter 's Square , he spoke of how following Christ "  means learning to come out of ourselves ... in order to meet others , in order to go toward the edges of our existence , to take the first steps towards our brothers and sisters , especially those who are farthest from us , those who are forgotten , those who need understanding , consolation and assistance . " He also called for an end to the violence in the Central African Republic , where a coalition of rebels ousted President Francois Bozize this week . All those suffering in the African nation are in his prayers , he said . "  I call for an immediate halt to the violence and looting , and that a political solution to the crisis may be reached as soon as possible so that peace and harmony may be restored in that dear country , which has , for too long , been marked by conflict and division , " he said . The Holy Week services will culminate on Easter Sunday with the pope 's first "  Urbi et Orbi " blessing , directed to the city of Rome and to the world .	Pope Francis washes the feet of 12 young offenders , including women and Muslims The pontiff urges Catholic priests to be "  shepherds who have the smell of their sheep " He celebrates the Mass of the Lord 's Supper at a youth detention center The week 's events will culminate on Easter Sunday with the pope 's "  Urbi et Orbi " blessing
ALBANY , Georgia  CNN  -- Pamela Green-Jackson did n't learn until after her brother 's funeral that doctors had warned him his weight could cost him his life . Pamela Green-Jackson encourages a student in the Youth Becoming Healthy program . Bernard Green weighed 427 pounds when he died in 2004 . He was 43 years old . "  He did n't have to die , " said Green-Jackson . "  I promised myself that I would do whatever I could to make sure another child did n't suffer like he did . " Turning her pain into action , Green-Jackson quit her job and procured $ 30,000 in grants to build a fitness center in a local middle school . Today , Youth Becoming Healthy  YBH  has facilities in six middle schools and one elementary school in Albany and provides free fitness and nutrition education to about 350 students a year . Youths work one-on-one after school with personal trainers and nutritionists who help them get on the right track . To keep young people engaged and fit , YBH offers classes such as martial arts , hip-hop dance and a walking club . Green-Jackson says her group allows the children to set their own goals . "  If we instill these habits in them early , they will grow up to become healthier adults , " said Green-Jackson , 43 . "  That 's what this is really all about -- saving the lives of children . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes . Since 2004 , YBH has helped about 4,000 youth lose thousands of pounds . Green-Jackson also successfully campaigned to have schools provide healthier options in their cafeterias and vending machines . Jasmine Warren has reaped the benefits of Green-Jackson 's efforts . Warren said that by age 11 , she had high blood pressure , a heart murmur and problems with her cholesterol . "  I felt bad about myself . People used to talk about me . ... ` Oh , she got too much weight . ' " Warren , now 15 , has lost 37 pounds . She credits her brighter future to the program . "  Pamela saved me from going to an early grave , " said Warren . Watch how Warren 's life changed through Green-Jackson 's program " YBH targets children from low-income families . "  One in three children in this community is affected by childhood obesity because of poverty , lack of education and access to resources , " said Green-Jackson , adding that dangerous neighborhoods are also a major obstacle . "  Kids do n't go out and play as much anymore because of the gangs and the crime . It is unsafe . " Georgia has the third-highest rate of obese and overweight youths in the nation , with 37.3 percent of its children falling into those categories , according to a recent report from the Trust for America 's Health and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .  Mississippi and Arkansas rank one and two , respectively . This summer , the group is offering camp for students with high-risk health issues , such as heart problems , kidney disease , high blood pressure and high cholesterol . "  A number of kids have -LSB- these issues -RSB- . That is unheard of , " said Green-Jackson . "  These children are -LSB- given -RSB- prognoses that they wo n't live to 21 years old . That is something we are trying to correct through this program . " At nearly 400 pounds , every day is a struggle for 13-year-old Malik Thomas . "  It 's not easy carrying around all of this weight . I wanted to get healthy and fit , " said Thomas , one of 25 children enrolled in YBH 's summer program . Green-Jackson 's program is giving Thomas hope for a healthier future . He 's beginning to lose weight , and his endurance has improved . "  Miss Pamela is my hero , because she 's helping me do things that I never thought I can do , " he said . "  It feels great . " Watch Green-Jackson 's program in action " Green-Jackson believes the program will help Thomas by introducing him to other young people who share his health problems . "  They motivate each other , " she said . "  This program is encouraging him to continue beyond the summer . " YBH is mostly funded through donations , but Green-Jackson also spends a large amount of her own savings each year to keep the program running . She says she refuses to rest until the children 's healthy futures are secured . "  I want to have YBH in every school in the nation . " Want to get involved ? Check out Youth Becoming Healthy and see how to help .	Pamela Green-Jackson began crusade for youth fitness after her obese brother died Youth Becoming Healthy teaches middle schoolers about exercise and nutrition The organization has helped about 4,000 children since 2004 Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- My grandfather Jacques Yves Cousteau shared with me many stories about the United Nations Earth Summit in 1992 and the sense of hope that surrounded it . I have kept a copy of the speech he made there on June 5th outlining his concerns for the future of humankind . The insight it provides now , on the eve of the 20th anniversary of that historic event , is particularly poignant . Chief amongst those concerns was the issue of population , and how it directly relates to women and education . To be clear , my grandfather was not a proponent of draconian policies restricting birth rates or depriving people of their right to have children . While growing up , I heard his constant refrain that the key to solving the population crisis is to empower women . As he pointed out in his 1992 speech : "  In all the countries with an excessive birth rate , women are segregated , deprived of appropriate health care ; the rate of illiteracy among women is one-third higher than for men . " My grandfather believed that when women are empowered socially , economically and given access to family planning and general education , the birth rate drops . He was not alone ; the rise of the micro-credit movement and the success of organizations such as the Grameen Bank have radically changed the way a woman 's role is viewed in communities around the world . See also : Can Rio +20 solve the world 's environmental problems ? As Abulkalam Abdul Momen , Vice-President of the United Nations Economic and Social Council pointed out during a 2011 meeting of the Council : "  Educated women are better able to plan their families and are more aware of employment , schooling and health opportunities for themselves and their children . On a wider level , fewer children in a society mean that more resources are available to every individual child . " Why do Jacques Cousteau 's words continue to resonate today ? Since 1992 , the global population has increased from 5.6 billion people to approximately 7 billion in 2012 , and is expected to balloon to 9.5 billion by 2050 . Like too many people packed into a vault with an ever-dwindling oxygen supply , this drastic growth still presents unprecedented problems for the global community as we continue to consume natural resources and emit pollution at a staggering rate . For example , just to keep pace with current population growth , it is estimated that food production will have to increase 70 % by 2050 . The lack of access to clean , potable water is still the number one killer of children under five years of age , and the United Nations estimates that without concrete action to solve the world 's water crisis , billions more people will lack access to clean water by the middle of the century . See also : Earth Summit timeline Add to that the effects of climate change , ocean acidification , dwindling biodiversity and collapsing global fish stocks , and the magnitude of the problem comes into dismal focus . Now , from June 20-22 , 2012 , leaders from around the world will gather again in Brazil for the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development , or Rio +20 as it is often called . There is no doubt that this conference comes at a difficult time ; a time when the world economy is in crisis and global political action is particularly halting , especially and embarrassingly in the United States thanks to vitriolic partisan battles over any environmental legislation as well as the failure to enact even basic carbon-cutting initiatives . Nevertheless I believe that there are still grounds for hope . Because while the challenges we face are even more urgent than in 1992 , the growing chorus of voices supporting sustainable practices in the private sector , the growing prominence and respect for women in countries around the world and the general willingness to face the realities of carbon pollution are cause for cautious optimism . We must never stop fighting for a better world . As my grandfather said in his closing remarks : "  I wish that at this Rio Conference , heads of state and their delegates realize the urgency of drastic , unconventional decisions . The people of the world are anxiously awaiting a new light . " Now , almost 20 years later , humanity stands on the edge of a knife that becomes sharper with each passing day . We must act boldly and courageously to build a world that realizes the simple birthright of every child ... to live in a world where they can breathe fresh air , drink clean water , and walk on green grass under a blue sky . The silent cries of future generations demand it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philippe Cousteau .	Philippe Cousteau 's grandfather Jacques was at first Earth Summit in Rio in 1992 Cousteau says empowerment and education of women is key to achieving Rio +20 summit goals Rising global population combined with changing climate puts "  humanity on the edge of a knife " says Cousteau
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot told a judge and prosecutor Tuesday that he would prefer to finish serving a 28-year murder sentence in Peru rather than be extradited to the United States to face charges related to the disappearance of Natalee Holloway , his Peruvian lawyer said . Representatives from the U.S. Embassy and the FBI attended the extradition hearing , which was not open to the public , Maximo Altez told InSession on Tru TV . A conviction in the United States could affect van der Sloot 's chances of being paroled in Peru , said Altez . He noted that a long-standing extradition treaty between the two countries means that van der Sloot will likely be extradited , despite his stated preference about remaining in Peru . Peruvian judges in January sentenced the Dutchman to 28 years in prison for the murder in 2010 of Stephany Flores . He is also the prime suspect in the disappearance of Holloway . U.S. authorities want to try van der Sloot on charges of extortion and wire fraud in the Holloway case . "  I think he will be extradited within the next three months , " Altez said last month . "  He will go to trial in the United States . Once he is sentenced , he will return to Peru to finish serving his 28 years , and then go back to the States to serve whatever sentence he gets there . " In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him after allegations that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother , Beth Holloway . Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Holloway 's remains in exchange for the money , according to the indictment . He was allegedly given $ 25,000 , which authorities say he used to travel to Peru for a poker tournament . If found guilty of extortion , he could be sentenced to 25 years in prison . Van der Sloot admitted to killing Flores , 21 , in his Lima hotel room . The judges gave him a sentence two years short of the 30-year maximum . They ordered he be expelled from Peru at the end of his sentence and required him to pay about $ 74,500 in reparations to Flores ' relatives . Van der Sloot confessed to robbery in addition to murder , admitting that he stole Flores ' belongings , including more than $ 300 in local currency , credit cards and the victim 's van as a means to leave the country . He fled to Chile and was arrested a few days later . Another van der Sloot attorney , Jose Luis Jimenez , has said that his client was under special stress the day of the 2010 murder , which marked five years after Holloway , an 18-year-old from Alabama , disappeared while vacationing on Aruba . Van der Sloot , who was among the last people reported to have been seen with Holloway , was detained twice but never charged in the case . "  The world had been against him for five years before this case , for a murder he said he never committed and for which there is no evidence whatsoever , " Jimenez has said . Investigators have said they believe van der Sloot killed Flores after she found something related to the Holloway case on his computer while visiting him in his hotel room . The two met while van der Sloot was in town for the poker tournament . Judges described how Flores hit van der Sloot in the face after reading the item on Holloway , leading him to hit her in the face with his elbow . Flores fainted and van der Sloot tried to strangle her , but she was still breathing , so he suffocated her with his shirt . Van der Sloot then tried to clean the room by removing the sheets and changing his bloodied shirt , they said . He was caught in a taxi near the Chilean central coastal city of Vina del Mar. . Holloway 's body has not been found , and no one has been charged in relation to the case in Aruba . About 6 1/2 years after Holloway was last reported seen , in May 2005 , she was declared legally dead .	Dutchman says he 'd rather finish serving sentence in Peru , lawyer says Van der Sloot was sentenced to 28 years in prison in Peru for a murder there He is charged with extortion in Alabama in connection with the Natalee Holloway case
London  CNN  When you ca n't build up there 's only one solution -- build down . At least that 's the theory in some of London 's wealthiest neighborhoods . The UK capital is in the midst of a luxury basement boom , with well-heeled residents and developers excavating large areas underneath their homes and gardens . Some have used the extra space gained to install the likes of cinemas , gyms , wine cellars , golf simulators , bowling alleys and even swimming pools . In the stylish borough of Chelsea and Kensington alone , there were 450 basement applications in 2013 , according to figures provided to CNN by the local council . That 's a 46 % increase on 2012 and more than 500 % increase on 2003 figures . Reports indicate a similar story in nearby Westminster as well as Hammersmith and Fulham . "  People have been piling into the basement sector " in recent years , explained Stephen Merritt , managing director of specialist dig-down firm , London Basement . "  We 're probably doing around 30 to 40 projects a year now .  Clients  are definitely pushing the envelope more and more ... to create new basement space . " See also : Where are the world 's most expensive luxury properties ? A lack of room and strict planning laws dictate that the facade of many of London 's picturesque Victorian , Edwardian and Georgian-era neighborhoods must maintain their original character and outward appearance . This annuls the possibility of large extensions upwards and outwards . The simplest alternative therefore is to go down , Merritt explained . "  The price per square foot  of basement extension  in areas we work in is probably # 400 to # 500 per square foot  between $ 660 and $ 830 per sq ft  . The extra space this brings is probably worth double that , " he added . As the UK property market heats up again , the extra value a kitted-out basement can provide is clearly an appealing option for investors and homeowners . But while underground digs are an increasingly common sight , the general concept of extending down is not new to London . Merritt says his company alone has been excavating in plush areas like Kensington since the mid to late 90s . The difference today , however , is that the projects are becoming increasingly luxurious and ambitious . They have also spread to more modest , although still attractive neighborhoods , such as West Kensington , Wandsworth , Clapham and Fulham . See also : Shipping containers offer housing solution In some famous cases the operations extend as many as five stories underground . Property mogul Leonard Blavatnik as well as composer Andrew Lloyd Webber have both reportedly excavated large areas beneath their palatial London properties in recent years . Billionaire mobile phone mogul John Caudwell , meanwhile , has applied to dig beneath two mansions in the city 's Mayfair district , replacing an existing basement pool and sauna area while extending further down . These so called "  iceberg basements " are the exception rather than the rule , however . Most extensions drop just one or two floors beneath the ground . "  I think for any property with a value over # 2 million  $ 3.2 million  a basement extension is certainly a consideration for the owners , " explained Rob Atkins of London estate agency , Domus Nova . "  If you 've lived in a house for 15 and 20 years and you can not get a move for the right value then it is an option that can suit that growing family . "  You are now expected to pay 7 % stamp duty  a tax on land and property transactions  on a move of over # 2 million . All in , then , it might cost you 10 % of your sell or your purchase to move house so people are looking inwardly instead of moving , " he added . These trends are similarly noted by developer Blaze Stojanovski . He believes the investment in a basement extension can be a smart one if made in the right location . Stojanovski currently owns 28 properties around west London and has added 11 basement extensions in recent years . "  On a price per square foot basements are hugely expensive , which is why 10 years ago people were n't really building them , " he said . "  As Fulham and other areas have come up price wise we have got to a stage where it is cost effective to dig basements . " See also : India 's luxury property starlet But while keen to stress his experience of the positives , Stojanovski is also quick to point out that adding a basement in just any old house wo n't work . "  If you get the wrong property you could easily break even or lose money , " he continued . "  You have to make sure that the property is on the right street and it can justify a big investment like a basement . " Neighbours and those nearby , however , are n't always as keen . Horror stories abound in London 's local papers of skips falling through streets as the earth beneath is hollowed out while complaints about the inconvenience of noise and dust from dig sites is common . "  Our members have become increasingly worried by the nastiness of having great big holes dug next door to them , " said Terence Bendixson , honorary secretary of planning at the Chelsea Society . Randa Hanna of the Belgravia Residents Association meanwhile described "  a multitude of problems " for residents in her area . "  There were cases of serial fraud  with builders  . There have also been instances of flooding and problems for neighbors living next door to the work , " she added . For the likes of Stojanovski and Merritt , these negative experiences are a genuine concern . Merritt believes there are few bad apples in the industry guilty of cutting corners but points to his own company 's award-winning reputation as a considerate constructor . As it stands , however , these complaints have done little to halt the attraction or number of applications for luxury basement digs . There have been rumors regarding a changing of the rules to limit underground extensions but these have yet to to be implemented in any London borough . See also : Iraq 's unlikely property hotspot Given the international diversity of London 's wealthiest residents and property investors , Stojanovski can even see the trend for subterranean extensions spreading to cities in other countries where space is tight and demand high . Many of his current tenants are from outside the UK , while the majority of his recent sales have been to wealthy foreign investors . "  These people will be living and getting used to living in houses with basements , " he said . "  They will consider that and probably talk about that when they go back home . "  Therefore I would n't be surprised if you see that kind of basement living incorporated in houses for example in Paris , Rome , Vienna or Moscow in the future , " he added .	Wealthy London residents are extending many floors beneath their homes The aim is to increase their value and provide extra room Tight space and strict planning laws make extending upwards or outwards difficult Some have installed swimming pools , gyms and cinemas in their extended basements
As the surviving Boston bombing suspect lay in a prison hospital bed , investigators 90 miles away spent Friday combing a dump for his laptop and other clues that could shed light on the young men purportedly behind the bloody attack , a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation said . Information from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev himself spurred authorities to look through the New Bedford , Massachusetts , landfill , the official told CNN 's Susan Candiotti . Others who may have knowledge of the computer 's whereabouts or may have played a role in disposing of it also provided leads that led to the search , according to a U.S. law enforcement official close to the Boston investigation . The 19-year-old Tsarnaev went to school -- at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth -- in town adjacent to New Bedford , and he was spotted in his dorm room there in the days after the April 15 twin blasts that left three dead . Tsarnaev has not given investigators any substantive information since officials informed him of his constitutional rights prior to charging him with use of and conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , the source said Friday . But the the source described the earlier bedside questioning -- which took place in two rounds during parts of Saturday , Sunday and Monday , New York police Commissioner Ray Kelly had said -- as "  very thorough " and said investigators do not feel hamstrung . These first interviews took place at Boston 's Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , where Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had been held since his capture a week ago . Latest developments in the Boston bombings probe Beth Israel is one of several hospitals that treated the more than 260 people injured in the Boston Marathon attack allegedly pulled off by Dzhokhar and his older brother Tamerlan . Some 30 of them remained hospitalized late Friday afternoon , including one in critical condition , according to a CNN tally . In recent days , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has improved enough that he 'd been able to sit and was writing , a law enforcement official said . At 3:30 a.m. , the official said , he was transferred from Beth Israel to Federal Medical Center Devens some 40 miles away . The federal Bureau of Prisons hospital , located on the grounds of the former Fort Devens U.S. military base , is designed for patients requiring ongoing medical care , according to the facility 's website . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had what appeared to be gunshot wounds to his head , neck , legs and hand when he was captured April 19 after a nearly 24-hour manhunt , according to the criminal complaint accusing him in the marathon blasts . His 26-year-old brother died after a gunfight hours earlier . Photos : Galleries from the attack and aftermath Despite vow , suspects ' father still in Russia The suspects ' parents , meanwhile , are in Russia . Their mother Zubeidat Tsarnaev told CNN on Friday that she and her husband had left their home in Dagestan for another part of Russia . The brothers ' father , Anzor Tsarnaev , had said he 'd planned to travel to the United States . But that trip has been delayed indefinitely for health reasons , Zubeidat Tsarnaev told CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh . She would n't elaborate . The mother will not be flying to the United States , where she is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property . The family lived in Massachusetts before Zubeidat Tsarnaev jumped bail after her arrest on the charges in 2012 . The parents moved to Dagestan , a semiautonomous republic in southern Russia that year . Russian authorities raised concerns in 2011 to U.S. authorities about Zubeidat and her son Tamerlan , sources told CNN . They asked both the FBI and CIA , separately , about Tamerlan , source said . But a U.S. official said that the Russian 's case at the time was "  thin , " though U.S. authorities did add both their names to the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment , or TIDE , database -- which includes over a half million names -- an intelligence official said . Even so , U.S. authorities have come under fire at home , with lawmakers asking if the FBI and CIA failed to share information . In an interview with CNN on Thursday , Zubeidat Tsarnaev said she did n't want to accept the reality of the bombing , saying it was fake . She said she has seen a video pushing the wild idea , and that there was no blood , that paint was used instead . Suspects ' mother describes her last conversation with her sons Nonetheless , she broke down when she spoke of the victims . "  I really feel sorry for all of them . Really feel sorry for all of them , " she said , her voice cracking even as she remained resolute that her sons were not involved . Official : U.S. wars in Afghanistan , Iraq motivated bombings Putin regrets Russia could n't give U.S. more info While insisting Russian and U.S. authorities often work together , Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday said that -- though authorities in Washington were tipped off , to some extent -- he wished they could have done something more that might have prevented the Boston attack . "  The Russian  authorities  , to my great regret , were not able to provide our American colleagues with information that would have operative significance , " Putin said . Dead Boston bomb suspect posted video of jihadist , analysis shows In his first on-camera comments since the bombing , the Russian leader added he hoped that the bombings might spur more cooperation between the two nations . "  If we combine our efforts , we will not suffer blows like that , " he said during a live televised call-in session in Moscow on Thursday . Putin also lashed out against those in the West who have slammed Russia for human rights abuses in its actions toward Chechnya . "  Russia is among the first victims , and I hate it when our Western partners call our terrorists who committed some heinous crimes in Russia ... freedom fighters ... They supported them , " said Putin , accusing unnamed people or groups of providing Russia 's foes with political , financial and "  media " support . Report : Carjacked man describes wild ordeal Based on investigative leads and information provided by Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , investigators believe that each of the brothers had their own remote control device to detonate bombs near the marathon 's finish line , said a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation on Friday . The previous day , a law enforcement official said at least one of the bombs that exploded was set off by remote control . Tragedy in Boston : How to help Three days after that attack , and hours after authorities released images of two suspects , they "  spontaneously " decided to go to New York 's Times Square to blow up their six remaining explosives , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told investigators . But a botched carjacking spoiled the impromptu road trip , said Tsarnaev , whose account was outlined Thursday by New York 's police commissioner . "  We do n't know that we would have been able to stop the terrorists had they arrived here from Boston , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . "  We 're just thankful that we did n't have to find out that answer . " Before forcing their way into the vehicle the night of April 18 , the brothers shot dead a campus police officer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , police said . The hijacked vehicle , a Mercedes SUV , ran low on fuel and they stopped at a service station , where the vehicle 's owner escaped . Shortly thereafter , police picked up the trail of the SUV . A pursuit followed , during which , authorities say , the men were throwing the bombs out the vehicle 's window at them . The gun battle and Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's death followed . In a Boston Globe story , the man who was carjacked -- a 26-year-old Chinese entrepreneur identified only as Danny -- described his 90-minute ordeal , from when a man brandishing a silver handgun got into his Mercedes to when he ran for his life into a Mobil gas station 's supply room . During this time , Danny told the Globe , the gun-wielding man confessed to pulling off the Boston bombing and to killing a police officer in Cambridge , Massachusetts , where MIT 's campus is located . Together they crisscrossed around the Boston area , at one point stopping for gas and another time so that another person could join them in the car . Danny recognized both men from the photos released by the FBI earlier on April 18 , men who authorities now say were Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . The carjackers openly discussed traveling to New York , before Danny was able to run to safety . "  He fell down , screaming , ` Please , please call ... the police . They want to kill me . They have a gun , they have a bomb , " " Tarek Ahmed , the clerk working in the gas station at the time , told CNN 's Piers Morgan . Danny first hid at the front counter , then went to a storage room . Ahmed , after first making sure this man was n't one of the bombing suspects and separately thinking he might be drunk , quickly picked up a phone and called 911 . "  I was waiting  for  someone to shoot me at this moment , " Ahmed said , adding he could n't see outside from where he called . "  I was waiting to die ... I wanted to finish my call very fast with the police . " Within five minutes , the gas station was teeming with police . And a short time later , after a chase in which the suspects allegedly shot at police and threw bombs out their windows , Tamerlan Tsarnaev was dead . His brother was captured about 20 hours later . James Alan Fox -- a criminology professor at Northeastern University , where Danny had been a student , and who has spent considerable time with him over recent days -- told CNN that the carjacking victim "  does n't like to see himself as a hero . " "  After all , he says , ' I was only trying to save myself , ' " Fox said . "  But ... his actions , his composure , his smarts were what led this case to a close and may have indeed saved thousands of Americans if we believe , in fact , that  the Boston suspects  had plans to do more bombings in New York City . " Suspect 's widow is assisting investigation , lawyer says	Official : Others who know about Tsarnaev 's laptop led authorities to search a dump A gas station clerk says a carjacking victim came inside screaming , fearing for his life Surviving suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev goes from a Boston hospital to a prison hospital Source : Tsarnaev has n't provided "  substantive " info in days , but earlier info was helpful
Tokyo  CNN  -- What appeared to be smoke was rising Tuesday from two adjacent reactors in the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , a nuclear safety official said . Smoke spewed Monday from the same reactors , setbacks that came despite fervent efforts to prevent the further release of radioactive materials at the stricken facility . Hidehiko Nishiyama , an official with Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency , said smoke was rising from the plant 's No. 2 and No. 3 reactors . It was not immediately clear why . On Monday , after 6 p.m. , white smoke was seen emanating from the facility 's No. 2 reactor , according to Nishiyama . About two hours earlier , workers were evacuated from the area around the No. 3 reactor after gray smoke began to rise from the wreckage of its steel-and-concrete housing , which was blown apart by a hydrogen explosion last week . The No. 3 reactor has been the top priority for authorities trying to contain damage to the plant and stave off a possible meltdown . Its fuel includes a small percentage of plutonium mixed with the uranium in its fuel rods , which experts say could cause more harm than regular uranium fuels in the event of a meltdown . Nishiyama said there was no evident explosion , spike in radiation or injuries at the No. 3 reactor Monday . The smoke was coming from the building 's southeastern side , where the reactor 's spent nuclear fuel pool is located , but the origin of the smoke at either reactor was unknown . The coolant pools contain spent fuel rods that still generate high amounts of heat . Authorities have been working to keep them full to prevent the rods from being exposed . The nuclear agency estimated that , between roughly 9 p.m. Sunday to 4 a.m. Monday , 1,170 tons of water were sprayed on the reactor and its fuel pool . In Geneva , Switzerland , the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency warned that while signs of improvement at the site are evident , the plant "  has been seriously damaged by flood water and is littered with debris . " "  The crisis has still not been resolved , and the situation at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant remains very serious , " Yukiya Amano , the director-general of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency , told its board of governors Monday after a visit to the site . "  Buildings have been damaged by explosions , " he said . "  There has , for the most part , been no electric power . Radiation levels are elevated . It is no exaggeration to describe the work of the emergency teams as heroic . " On the other hand , Amano told reporters , rising pressure inside the containment unit at reactor No. 3 , a concern from the weekend , was down and power had been restored to some of the reactors . The plant 's owner , the Tokyo Electric Power Company , has been working to restore electricity to the damaged plant after it was hit by the massive earthquake and tsunami the struck northern Japan on March 11 . The electric company told CNN on Monday that electrical cables had been laid to connect the No. 3 reactor and the neighboring No. 4 reactor with an outside power source . That meant that power could now be funneled to all six of the plant 's reactors for its cooling systems . But electricity was still not moving to units No. 1 through No. 4 because the quake and tsunami had damaged numerous pumps and other gear . A Tokyo Electric official said spare parts were being brought in so that everything could work again . The disaster has killed more than 8,900 people and left close to 13,000 missing , many of them killed as a wall of water rushed in following the quake . Ever since , authorities have been working to avert further crisis -- and prevent more deaths -- at the Fukushima Daiichi plant , some 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo . Those efforts include the possibility of encasing one or more of the reactors in concrete , a last-ditch effort similar to what was done after the 1986 meltdown at the Chernobyl nuclear plant in the former Soviet Union -- considered the worst nuclear disaster at a plant . Japan 's nuclear agency said Monday that it expected to conduct tests on what it called a "  concrete pump engine , " which the agency initially said would pump a mix of mortar and water into the No. 4 reactor 's spent nuclear fuel pool and containment vessel , the agency said . But Tokyo Electric said later that the device would be used only to pour water , not the mortar mixture . In just over two hours on Monday morning alone , 13 fire engines sprayed about 90 tons of water toward that reactor in an attempt to cool it down . A Tokyo Electric official told CNN that six workers trying to restore electricity to that reactor have been exposed to more than 100 millisieverts of radiation . For reference , an individual in a developed country naturally is exposed to 3 millisieverts of radiation a year -- though Japan 's Ministry of Health , Labor , and Welfare has reset the exposure level upward to 250 millisieverts for those trying to combat the crisis at the Fukushima plant . That is 2.5 times the previous limit , according to the ministry . These efforts came as concerns remained high about the impact that already emitted radiation has had on food , water and people within range of the Fukushima facility . Very small amounts -- far below the level of concern -- of radioactive iodine have been detected in tap water in Tokyo and most prefectures near the plant . The health ministry said levels of radioactive iodine three times greater than the regulated standard were found in drinking water in a village near the plant and asked residents not to drink from the tap , Kyodo News reported Sunday . High levels of radioactive substances have also been found in seawater near the plant , Tokyo Electric said Tuesday , adding that the results do not represent a threat to human health . The Japanese government has banned the sale of raw milk from Fukushima Prefecture , where the plant is located , and prohibited the sale of spinach from neighboring Ibaraki Prefecture after finding levels of radioactive iodine and cesium higher than government standards , the country 's health ministry reported . And officials in Fukushima halted the distribution of locally grown vegetables outside the prefecture . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said the contaminated milk detected in Fukushima Prefecture had not been distributed or sold . On Saturday , officials said tainted milk was found 30 kilometers  about 18 miles  from the plant , and spinach was collected as far as 100 kilometers  62 miles  to the south , almost halfway to Tokyo . That prompted a statement of concern from the World Health Organization , which said early Monday that the spread of contamination was "  more serious " than initially expected . "  It 's new and something we 're watching , " WHO spokesman Peter Cordingley told CNN . But he said the reported levels of radioactivity posed no short-term health risk , and Japanese officials were taking a "  very precautionary " stance . "  Nobody is seeing that there 's an immediate health problem , " Cordingley said . The latest results accumulated and posted online by Japan 's Education , Science and Technology Ministry showed slight but notable upticks in airborne radiation readings around Japan in recent days . But even the highest readings -- .11 millisieverts some 30 kilometers northwest of the plant -- were still considered significantly below what 's considered dangerous to humans . Nevertheless , the USS George Washington pulled out of its port in Yokosuka , about 45 kilometers  28 miles  south of Tokyo , "  as a precaution , " according to a posting on the ship 's Facebook page . The ship will remain off the coast of Japan , the posting said . The U.S. Navy previously repositioned the USS Ronald Reagan after radiation detectors found minute traces of contamination on sailors and equipment . The U.S. military is also considering the mandatory evacuation of thousands of American troops and their families in Japan out of concern over rising radiation levels , a senior defense official tells CNN . The official , who did not want to be on the record talking about ongoing deliberations , said the talks have focused exclusively on U.S. troops in Yokosuka , just south of Tokyo . Yokosuka is home to America 's largest naval base in Japan . The United States will start Tuesday to distribute potassium iodide pills to government , military and civilian personnel and their dependants , "  out of an abundance of caution , " the State Department said Monday . The pills are commonly prescribed to curb the ill effects of radiation exposure . Nature has helped to minimize airborne exposure since the quake , as winds from the northwest have blown many emissions from the plant out to sea . But the wind direction is expected to change through Wednesday , potentially pushing more of the material to the southwest and over land . "  People are watching , " said Akira Shioi , who lives in Kawasaki . "  And people have greater concern than ever about the nuclear power plant incident . " CNN 's Junko Ogura , Catherine E. Shoichet , Matt Smith and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report	NEW : The U.S. military is considering mandatory evacuations in Yokosuka , an official says High levels of radioactive iodine and cesium have been found in milk and spinach WHO says there 's no immediate health risk from contaminated food
CNN  -- Four people died and another three were missing Monday after two avalanches in the Swiss Alps , Bern police said . The avalanches occurred at 11:30 a.m.  5:30 a.m. ET  and about noon Sunday in the Diemtigen Valley , 34 miles  55 km  south of Bern , said Thomas Jauch , a spokesman for police in Bern County . In the first incident an avalanche buried one person who was with a party of eight cross-country skiers , Jauch said . A nearby party of 25 skiers joined in the search and a physician , who was a member of a ski rescue team , was dropped into the area by one of two helicopters called in to help . As they were searching for the missing skier , a second avalanche buried 10 to 12 of them , Jauch said . Nine were found alive , one was dead , he said . Three of the survivors died later in hospital , he added . The doctor was among the dead , he said . It was not clear whether the original skier who was buried was among the survivors . "  It was not a high-risk day ; not a high-risk situation , " Jauch said . Search efforts were suspended Monday because of the weather in the mountains . "  There could be another avalanche , " the police spokesman said .	Avalanches occurred Sunday in the Diemtigen Valley , 34 miles  55 km  south of Bern In first incident an avalanche buried one person who was with a party of eight cross-country skiers Second avalanche hit as rescuers searched for victims , burying 10 to 12 of them
CNN  -- It did not happen when the top job opened up at the International Monetary Fund : Christine Lagarde of France won out over candidates such as Mexico 's Central Bank Governor Agustin Carstens , who put up a good fight . It did not happen at the World Bank either : Washington leaned on the members of the developed world to back their man Jim Yong Kim , the former president of Dartmouth College . But the third time was the charm for those in emerging markets to finally run a post-World War II institution in modern times . Brazil 's Roberto Azevedo took the flag after voting from the 159 members of the World Trade Organisation , becoming its first ever Director General from South America . He outpolled Herminio Blanco of Mexico -- another highly experienced trade veteran -- who had the backing of other NAFTA members the United States and Canada . Read more : Building on ` BRICS ' : The next emerging economies As the new DG , Azevedo did not overplay the significance of what his backing meant . But in his first television interview since securing the job he acknowledged the shift to the emerging markets . "  It is important to have the developing world and the emerging economies being participants , active participants even in a leadership role as well , " he said . Not surprisingly he came out of the starting gate in the role saying that resuscitating the Doha Round of free trade talks is priority number one . Read more : O'Neill : Euro may not exist by 2020 "  We have a very large trade agenda to push forward , but we ca n't because we are paralyzed , " said the veteran trade negotiator , who noted that the rules governing the WTO are outdated . The job will not be easy . For his predecessor , Pascal Lamy , the term was a frustrating one . In the midst of the worst financial crisis in a generation , free trade slipped right off the global agenda . Some would contend the crisis reignited protectionist tendencies , especially in emerging markets . Watch more : O'Neill : BRIC more important than EU According to the World Bank , Argentina topped the list of countries that filed the most measures to guard certain sectors and products from competition . It was joined by the BRIC countries and the U.S. , rounding out the top six places . Azevedo will have to take a nuanced approach to navigate demands at home in Brazil and at the same time chart a new course to build a consensus . Brazil 's President Dilma Rousseff raised the tenor of the protectionist debate when she accused Washington of driving down the value of the U.S. dollar to the detriment of developing countries . Read more : Defterios : Are the emerging ` BRICS ' markets dead ? The new Director General suggested in our interview that the topic of currency fluctuations could also be included in the WTO 's agenda , even if other institutions such as the IMF keep it on theirs as well . "  I am optimistic that the organisation can look at these very important issues that are a big part of today 's business world , " he said , adding that the WTO needs to avoid a "  disconnect " between business and the multi-lateral trading system . To get the Doha Round moving forward as opposed to sitting in neutral where it has been for years , top trade officials told me emerging economies need to embrace market opening measures . Their resistance to change is what allowed them to stumble badly in the past two years . Azevedo said it is important to move forward : "  We can not look backwards . What we have to do is raise our heads , look forward , roll up our sleeves and work . " Brazil is a prime example of how a lack of reforms has undermined the economy . After growing seven and a half percent in 2010 , the vast emerging market just managed to grow less than one percent last year . That may be Roberto Azevedo 's prime argument to revive free trade . Now he has to get at home and in other emerging markets to embrace that concept as well .	Brazil 's Roberto Azevedo took the flag after voting becoming its first ever Director General from South America Defterios : Brazil is a prime example of how a lack of reforms has undermined the economy . As the new DG , Azevedo did not overplay the significance of what his backing meant , writes Defterios
Singapore  CNN  -- With all the attention on the Facebook IPO , people have been wondering "  Where in the world is Eduardo Saverin ? " The co-founder of Facebook , whose falling out with CEO Mark Zuckerberg was immortalized in the film "  The Social Network , " moved from the U.S. to Singapore in 2009 . It was also recently revealed that Saverin , who was born in Brazil , gave up his U.S. citizenship a few months ago and became a permanent Singapore resident . Why Singapore ? According to his spokesman , Saverin 's move was just "  practical " as he plans to invest in companies "  that have strong interests in entering the Asian markets . Accordingly , it made the most sense for him to use Singapore as a home base . " One other glaring possibility ? Singapore has no capital gains tax . So depending on the size of his actual stake in Facebook , Saverin stands to realize substantial tax savings on any stock sales . According to Singapore - based "  Wealth-X " which gathers information on "  ultra high net worth individuals , " Saverin 's estimated tax savings are "  at least $ 39 million as a result of renouncing U.S. citizenship . " Saverin 's spokesman denies the move was done for tax reasons . Whatever drew him to Singapore , Saverin can find lots of ultra-rich company here . The tiny country is a playground for the super rich , with plenty of fast cars , luxury shopping , high priced gourmet restaurants and trendy bars . And Singapore 's stable government and tax benefits have also drawn the wealthy from the region . Singapore has one of the world 's highest number of millionaires per capita and a good share of billionaires , like Saverin . And Saverin is known to like the good life in Singapore , driving a Bentley and partying at several local clubs , including a members only nightclub . He 's also appeared in "  Singapore Tatler , " the local leading society magazine . Singapore is eager to attract wealthy investors like Saverin , and offers plenty of tax incentives and even permanent residency for big investors . Angel investors in local start-ups enjoy reduced income tax -- and in some cases , pay no income tax . Saverin has invested in a few Singapore mobile app companies , including Anideo and Perx , which has an increasingly visible customer loyalty reward program in Singapore . Still Singapore is a good place to live if you are seeking privacy . Most of the media is government backed and keeps a fairly tight lid on private lives , and while the internet has plenty of gossip , Saverin wo n't likely find paparazzi chasing him in Singapore .	Eduardo Saverin , co-founder of Facebook , moved to Singapore in 2009 Recently renounced his U.S. citizenship and is a now a permanent Singapore resident Saverin 's spokesman denies the move was done for tax reasons Spokesperson : Asian investments "  made the most sense ... to use Singapore as a home "
Washington  CNN  North Carolina might be going rogue . The state is on a collision course with the Republican National Committee over when to hold its presidential primary next year . National Republicans -- intent on fashioning an orderly nominating process after several chaotic cycles -- are threatening trigger-happy primary and caucus states with drastic penalties if they attempt to leapfrog the voting line and disrupt the carefully plotted primary calendar . But a handful of North Carolina GOP legislators are vowing to defend a recently passed law that places their state 's primary fifth-in-line , in late February 2016 , right after Iowa , New Hampshire , Nevada and South Carolina raise the curtain on the Republican and Democratic nomination battles . "  North Carolina is the biggest threat to the calendar now because there is an uncertainty around the primary here that does not exist elsewhere , " said Josh Putnam , a professor at Appalachian State University in Boone , North Carolina , who runs the web site "  Frontloading HQ , " which covers the presidential primary system in obsessive detail . Backers of the early Tar Heel primary sound a lot like the mischief-making Tallahassee lawmakers who pushed for Florida to hold an earlier-than-expected primary in 2008 and 2012 , despite penalties from the national party committees that stripped them of delegates to the national convention . "  We deserve a voice as much as any other state , " said Bob Rucho , a conservative state senator from the Charlotte area who is championing the new primary date . "  Any state that chooses to should be able to have their citizens be involved in the process of choosing the candidate . The other system has made selections from Dole to McCain to Romney , and each of them did not succeed in winning the presidency . We just feel there is a better way of doing this . " If North Carolina goes early and holds its primary before March 1 , the RNC would chop its sizeable delegation of 72 delegates down to 12 , making the state a dubious prize for candidates on hunt for convention delegates . Rucho said the penalty would "  disenfranchise Republican voters . " "  We have won a governorship , two U.S. senators and the General Assembly , " he said . "  North Carolina has been one of the leading states in strengthening the Republican Party , and we feel that any sanctions against us would be against a group of people who have made great strides in helping the Republican Party in the Southeast and in the rest of the country . " The law in question , signed by Gov. Pat McCrory in late 2013 as part of an election overhaul package that included strict new voter identification regulations , dictates that the North Carolina primary , for both Democrats and Republicans , must occur on the Tuesday after South Carolina 's 2016 presidential primary . The first four "  carve out " states that kick off the primary process are the only ones allowed to hold contests in February . The exact dates have not been set . But South Carolina , the first-in-the-South primary that can make or break a candidate riding high out of Iowa or New Hampshire , holds its contest on a Saturday . That means North Carolina would hold its primary on a Tuesday in late February , just three days after South Carolina , if the law remains in place . That 's a quick turnaround that might water down South Carolina 's prized relevance . "  The North Carolina legislature needs to come to its senses on choosing a primary date , " said South Carolina GOP Chairman Matt Moore . "  Holding their primary in February would be disastrous for the state party and activists . " Democrats have almost no power in the GOP-controlled North Carolina legislature , and their presidential primary at this point looks more like a Hillary Clinton coronation than an election . But the new date also violates Democratic National Committee rules and would result in steep penalties for the state 's Democratic convention delegates . Besides the early burst of national attention , Rucho said one reason to hold the North Carolina primary in February , rather than its traditional slot in May , is that candidates will already be spending their money and time in South Carolina . So , he asked , why not make it easier for candidates to compete in a contest next door , when they 've already unleashed their money on television ads in media markets such as Charlotte , Asheville and Wilmington that bleed into into northern swaths of South Carolina ? "  The logic behind it is that a good number of a people in the southern portion of the state , the media markets there , will already be engaged , " Rucho said . "  Since they are here already , it would be smart for us to move forward and have it a week after South Carolina . It 's efficiency and reducing the costs of campaign expenses . They will have been here already , the money will have been spent . " That flies in the face of carefully laid plans by the RNC , which vowed to crack down on rogue states after an unruly 2012 nomination fight that saw several states jump the line , forcing Iowa and New Hampshire to move their contests into the frozen early days of January . So far , the 2016 primary order seems to be holding , with other states such as Michigan passing laws to comply with RNC rules after their dates conflicted with the calendar . For the first time since 1996 , the Iowa caucuses are on pace to happen in February , sparing voters , campaign staffers and reporters from another holiday season in last-minute campaign mode . But North Carolina remains a wild card , drawing scrutiny from national party leaders . RNC Chairman Reince Priebus called McCrory last week to discuss the situation , one GOP source told CNN , and Thom Tillis , the state 's junior senator , "  supports holding North Carolina 's primary on a date consistent with RNC rules , " a spokesman for the senator said . Richard Burr , the state 's senior senator who is up for re-election in 2016 , declined to comment on the situation through a spokeswoman . North Carolina GOP Chairman Claude Pope Jr. , who has a fraught relationship with Rucho , published an op-ed in The Charlotte Observer calling on the legislature to move the primary to March 1 , where it would join seven other Southern states banding together for a multistate "  SEC Primary " day . "  Our legislature had good intentions when it established a February primary date , assuming that the world would beat a path to our door -- bringing national media exposure , money , and an economic boom-let to North Carolina , " Pope wrote . "  But the crowded field of presidential wannabes will not step foot in our state . They will not visit the fire stations or Rotary Clubs . They wo n't ride in the parades , eat barbecue , kiss babies or spend their millions fighting over just 12 delegates -- it simply is n't worth the money . " Several Republicans close to the process told CNN that the North Carolina House of Representatives is willing to pass legislation changing the primary date before the legislative sessions concludes this summer . One of the RNC 's national committeeman from North Carolina , David Lewis , is a member of the General Assembly and likely to drive the discussions . The hold up appears to be in the state Senate , where Rucho , state Sen. Andrew Brock and their vocal conservative allies are adamant about keeping the February date . "  We have had this on the books for almost a year and a half , " Rucho said . It 's not yet clear whether the opinions of Rucho and his allies are shared by most members of the GOP caucus . But state Senate President Phil Berger , who would bring legislation on the primary to the floor , "  rarely does anything to go against their wishes , " one Republican familiar with Senate politics told CNN . "  Berger does n't want to cross these guys too many times , " the source said . "  He is kind of indifferent to all this . " Senior Republicans in Washington and North Carolina are confident the state will ultimately move its primary . But if it fails to do so , and North Carolina loses its delegates , presidential campaigns will have to weigh the costs of campaigning in the ninth most populous state and the pricey media markets that come with it . "  It 's an extremely expensive state , " said one political consultant working with a likely Republican presidential candidate . "  Spending millions to compete for 12 delegate votes would be malpractice . "	Some GOP legislators vow to defend a law that places North Carolina 's primary fifth-in-line Political professor : "  North Carolina is the biggest threat to the calendar now " If North Carolina holds its primary before March 1 , the RNC says it will chop its delegation down to 12
CNN  -- A visa , toothpaste , spare underwear . All essentials for a decent vacation . But what about something less substantial -- a pleasant welcome when you arrive ? After all , the friendliness of the people you meet often determines whether your memories of a place are fond or foul . Now welcomes have been rated . The apartment-rental website HouseTrip.com  which operates on a similar model to Airbnb  has crunched the numbers on 130,000 of its users ' European city reviews . And the city most often given a five-star rating across the seasons for its all-round cheeriness was that capital of grand boulevards and paprika-scented restaurants , Budapest . Lisbon scored second-best for the quality of its welcomes overall , and Amsterdam came third . More : 11 things to know before visiting Hungary Welcome secrets The secret of a good welcome ? HouseTrip reckons it is n't so complicated . "  Budapest is a consistently good option because costs are so low , " said the website 's CEO , Arnaud Bertrand . "  Travelers feel like they get what they pay for ... which leads to them feeling happier and more satisfied with their stay . " So it 's all about being cheap . Yet welcomes seem to be seasonal . While Budapest scored highest throughout the year , it was n't the most welcoming city in any one season . Instead , Paris was the most convivial city in spring , Rome in summer , Amsterdam in autumn and Berlin in deepest winter . More : How to be a Parisian Brawling room at the Pantheon Apart from Paris in the springtime -- the song seems to have it right -- those results often defy expectations . Rome in summer ? When traffic rage boils over and it 's brawling room only at the Pantheon ? And in wintry Berlin it 's hard to think of anything else but your shoes freezing to the sidewalk . But "  friendly locals and cozy bars mean our guests love the -LSB- Berlin -RSB- experience , " says HouseTrip.com . Solo travelers , si ! In other results , Paris was rated the most welcoming city for couples and Madrid for solo travelers . Lisbon was the best place to travel with a pet . More : 20 most annoying things people do on planes	Budapest most welcoming city overall , says rental website Paris nicest in springtime and Berlin friendliest in winter Lisbon 's especially welcoming if you 're  traveling with  a pet
CNN  -- U.S. transportation officials shut down 52 bus companies and 340 vehicles Thursday as part of as an eight-month effort targeting unsafe motor coach operations , according to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration . Called Operation Quick Strike , the sweeping action from New York to California involved companies in 22 states and the District of Columbia . The companies were put out of business after more than 50 specially trained investigators conducted detailed reviews of safety practices at the 250 most at-risk motor coach companies based on roadside inspection and safety data , according to a statement from the agency . "  Bus travel is increasingly popular because it is a convenient , inexpensive option for students , groups and families , " U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said . "  But it must also be safe . " Thursday 's announcement comes weeks after the National Transportation Safety Board expressed concerns with the thoroughness of FMCSA investigations , citing four deadly crashes involving operators who were already on the radar of the oversight agency . "  While FMCSA deserves recognition for putting bad operators out of business , they need to crack down before crashes occur , not just after high-visibility events , " NTSB Chairwoman Deborah A.P. Hersman said in a statement last month . Two deadly bus accidents in the last year prompted the investigations . FMCSA shut down the U.S. operations of Mi Joo Tour & Travel of Coquitlam , British Columbia , after an accident in Oregon in December 2012 that killed nine and injured 39 . The driver had far exceeded the 70-hour work limit , the investigation found . The agency also shuttered bus company Scapadas Magicas after an accident in which eight people were killed -- seven bus passengers and a driver in another vehicle -- and dozens were injured . The February wreck occurred east of San Bernardino , California . The company failed to maintain its buses and ensure that its drivers were licensed , the agency said . "  In the aftermath of two deadly crashes earlier this year , FMCSA re-examined the way we investigate passenger carriers to make our methods even more effective at preventing crashes , " agency spokeswoman Marissa Padilla said . "  Using safety and roadside inspection data , FMCSA identified 250 high-risk carriers for top-to-bottom investigations designed to uncover any patterns of unsafe behavior or faulty bus maintenance . " FMCSA administrator Anne Ferro said Thursday , "  I think the most important thing to point out is that we did n't wait for NTSB to tell us we had to re-examine the way we were carrying out investigations . That 's exactly what we did early this year , which then led to this thorough sweep of 250 of the highest risk companies . " Dan Ronan , spokesman for the American Bus Association , a Washington-based trade group representing the motor coach , tourism and travel industry , praised the federal initiative . "  The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration has done the right thing by finding companies running illegally or in an unsafe manner , " he said . "  More than half the fatalities and injuries in the industry were caused by a small group of providers . There 's no shortage of bus companies . There are plenty of good ones out there . " As a result of the investigation and inspections , 52 motor coach companies were put out of business and shut down for safety violations such as failure to maintain their buses adequately , inadequate drug and alcohol driver testing and overwork of drivers . Tour bus safety should get same treatment as aviation , advocate says Other companies took action to correct the safety violations , and 28 avoided being shut down , the agency said . In all , 340 vehicles of the more than 1,300 inspected were taken off the road for safety and maintenance violations , according to the report . Additionally , inspectors looked into more than 1,300 carriers that had little to no inspection history with the safety agency , and more than 240 were will be investigated further . "  This year we evaluated and enhanced our investigation methods to dig deeper than ever before and uncover dangerous patterns of unsafe behavior and business practices , " said Anne S. Ferro , administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration . Tour bus company shut down CNN 's Chris Welch and Alexandra Field contributed to this report .	Feds take 52 bus companies and 340 unsafe vehicles off the road in Operation Quick Strike Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration investigates unsafe motor coach firms Investigators conducted reviews of safety practices at 250 most at-risk motor coach companies
Editor 's note : Jane Velez-Mitchell is host of the HLN show , "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell , " a topical event-driven show with a wide range of viewpoints . Velez-Mitchell is the author of "  Secrets Can Be Murder : What America 's Most Sensational Crimes Tell Us About Ourselves . " Jane Velez-Mitchell says the targets of stalkers are n't just celebrities and that millions are victims . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Hollywood starlet Jennifer Love Hewitt recently obtained a restraining order against a man who she claims had been stalking her since 2007 . The man sent hundreds of threatening letters , as well as plane tickets to Australia , and he left flowers at the home of Hewitt 's mother . Uma Thurman had even more frightening brushes with her stalker before he was convicted . Jack Jordan visited her house and also tried to get into her on-set trailer . Thurman eventually faced Jordan in court , where he was convicted of stalking and aggravated harassment and sentenced to three years probation and psychiatric counseling . This , to me , sounds like a victory for Jordan , since he was placed in the same courtroom as his victim and could eventually go right back to stalking . Many assume this type of thing is relegated only to those who grace the covers of gossip magazines and movie posters . Sheila Ann Grayson was n't famous , but that did n't save her . Police in South Carolina say Grayson was killed by her stalker last May , two weeks after taking out a restraining order against him . A new study published this month by the Department of Justice 's Bureau of Justice Statistics estimated based on a survey that 3.4 million Americans per year are victims of stalking . For some perspective , that 's more than the entire population of Chicago , Illinois . The comprehensive study found that divorced or separated individuals are at the highest risk of being stalked . Women are more than twice as likely as men to be stalked , and two thirds of female victims are stalked by males . It is becoming an epidemic -- 1.4 million Americans were stalked a decade ago , according to a similar Justice Department study , and new technology is partly responsible for the increase . Texting , e-mailing and social networking sites make it easier to connect with friends . But they also make it easier for stalkers to connect with -- and track -- their targets . I recently saw a cellphone advertisement promoting an application that allows the user to track friends on a map and see what they 're doing . The ad sent chills up my spine . What a tool that would be for someone 's obsessed ex-lover . America 's law enforcement system does n't play a dominant role in deterring stalking . Most incidents are n't reported by the victims . And according to the study , of the victims surveyed , 15 percent credited law enforcement warnings for keeping their stalker in line while only 10 percent said a restraining order did the trick . Even locking stalkers up only works until they 're free . Only 6 percent of victims said the stalking stopped after the offender was arrested or incarcerated . Stalkers often have underlying psychological problems or are socially incompetent , and about 30 percent have delusional disorders , according to a study in the American Journal of Psychiatry . So trying to solve stalking cases through legal means is like trying to clear a roach problem without getting rid of the food lying around . The American Journal of Psychiatry study recommends a mixture of legal action and therapeutic intervention . But intervention must happen early . Troubled children who get no counseling could grow up and develop the dysfunctional traits identified in the American Journal of Psychiatry study . In elementary school we should teach nonviolent conflict resolution and healthy communication skills , which will help children cope with issues like rejection and sexuality later in life . I 've been stalked and it was one of the most terrifying experiences of my life . I can say firsthand that it becomes a hunter-prey relationship . So we must try psychological approaches that emphasize healthy interaction between consenting persons . Therapy could help early offenders see their victims as humans again , instead of objects . Some stalkers show addictive behavior , and their victim is the drug . Just as marijuana is seen as a gateway drug , I believe stalking is a gateway crime that leads to violence and even murder . This approach provides another angle from which to attack the problem . Unlike other crimes , stalking crosses all classes , races , and age groups . This makes it difficult to pin down causes , but provides opportunities to try out these creative and inexpensive prevention techniques . But we can only change our approach to this problem if victims speak up . Approximately 60 percent of stalking victims do n't report to the police , according to the Justice Department study . Though law enforcement alone is n't the answer , imagine if all 3.4 million victims had reported . It would provide authorities with a much larger pool of information . And with such a large number of people affected , it becomes a problem politicians ca n't ignore . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	Jane Velez-Mitchell : New study says 3 million-plus Americans are stalked She says most victims do n't report the crime to law enforcement Velez-Mitchell : Few cases wind up being resolved by police and court action She says we need to do counseling and victims need to come forward
The state attorney overseeing the probe into the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin is known in Florida as a tough prosecutor ready to pursue what she believes is right , even in the face of media glare and public pressure . No stranger to controversial terrain , Angela Corey spent more than 25 years as an assistant state attorney , trying hundreds of cases . In 2008 she was elected the top prosecutor in the three counties of the 4th Judicial Circuit , in Florida 's northeast corner . Since then , Corey , 57 , has made waves for the number of cases she brings to trial . She 's also rejected heated criticism , particularly over her prosecution of a 12-year-old boy for murder . Corey is trying him as an adult . Corey "  lives up to every prosecutor 's mantra to be ` tough on crime , ' " wrote Michael Hallett and Daniel Pontzer , criminology professors at the University of North Florida , in a study published this year . In 2010 , Duval County , which Corey oversees , "  had the highest incarceration rate of any jurisdiction over 500,000 in Florida , " the professors note . From 2008 through 2011 , Duval County 's average daily jail population rose from 3,725 to 3,990  an increase of 7.1 %  , according to the study . Corey 's record shows she chooses cases based not only on possibility for success at trial , but also "  wherever charges seem warranted , " the study says . The depiction of Corey as one of the state 's toughest prosecutors is likely welcome news to those who believe George Zimmerman should be charged . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , says he shot Martin in self-defense February 26 . Corey has described Martin 's family as "  lovely people . " She said she has met with them and prayed with them and promised to get them answers . Florida Gov. Rick Scott appointed Corey to take over after state attorney Norm Wolfinger stepped aside amid complaints over his handling of the case . Wolfinger 's 18th Judicial Circuit includes Seminole County , where the shooting took place . Scott announced that he and Attorney General Pam Bondi "  have full faith " in Corey to handle the case , which is playing out under a microscope amid worldwide media attention . But Corey has detractors as well , who cast her as too aggressive . Three petitions on the website change.org , calling for her to be removed from office , have about 2,500 signatures combined . One complains that she prosecutes too many cases without adequate regard for the facts . A petition calling for 12-year-old Cristian Fernandez to be treated as a juvenile rather than an adult has nearly 185,000 signatures . He is accused of violently killing his 2-year-old brother . Corey has said she has compassion for Cristian , but that "  it 's not my job to forgive . " And the two professors state in their report that Corey 's propensity for bringing charges "  poses great strain on the system and there has already been conflict between Ms. Corey 's office and the sitting judges due to the increased caseload . Even sitting judges agree that it 's Ms. Corey 's office driving the higher incarceration . " On her 2008 campaign website , Corey vowed to "  continue my excellent working relationship with law enforcement so that together we can vigorously fight crime . Only then can we make our community among the safest in the nation . " It 's a commitment she has expressed in interviews with CNN and HLN about the Martin case . "  Every aspect of both the shooter and the victim will be looked at and analyzed as it relates to the evidence in this case , " Corey vowed to HLN . Discussing Florida 's "  stand your ground " law -- which allows people to use deadly force in situations in which they feel a reasonable threat of death or serious injury -- Corey said , "  our laws are very clear that it has to be a forcible felony and that a reasonable person would have to believe that deadly force is necessary as opposed to just physical force , fighting back and that sort of thing . I 've prosecuted a woman who shot her husband and killed him because he slapped her , and we argued that was not deadly force and she was convicted and sent to state prison . " The "  political outcry " over the Trayvon Martin case makes prosecutors ' work harder , she said . "  We would hope that people would give us a chance to get this task that the governor has given us accomplished , " she told CNN . "  We will leave no stone unturned in our quest to seek justice for Trayvon and for his parents . " A native of Jacksonville , Florida , Corey is active in the Republican Party and her Episcopal church . She got her legal degree at the University of Florida and began her legal career at a private firm specializing in insurance defense . She joined the state attorney 's office in 1981 .	Angela Corey lives up to the "  tough on crime " mantra , two criminologists say Governor said he has "  full faith " in her , but critics describe her as too aggressive The case of a 12-year-old to be tried as an adult sparked controversy
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Suspected Taliban militants blew up a bridge early Tuesday in the border region between Pakistan and Afghanistan , suspending NATO supply lines . A Pakistani policeman sits near a police check post in the tribal area of Khyber Agency on February 12 , 2008 . The blast occurred about 6 a.m. Tuesday in the Khata Kushta area of Jamrod in the Khyber Agency in Pakistan Federally Administered Tribal Areas . The bridge connected Landi Kotal and Jamrod . Transport has been suspended , and authorities are assessing damages . Engineers also are on location and work is under way to open a temporary route . Details were unclear on the size of the blast , but most of the iron bridge was destroyed , local officials said . No deaths or injuries were immediately reported . Authorities are looking for alternate supply routes for NATO supply trucks and traffic going from Pakistan to Afghanistan , because the route is the main one between the two countries . All vehicles must cross the bridge when going from Peshawar toward the crossing point into Afghanistan . This is the first time militants have targeted a bridge or roadway in efforts to disrupt NATO supplies , a local official said . Previously , militants have targeted truck depots where supply convoys wait to cross into Afghanistan or have attacked trucks on their way through Pakistan and into the Khyber Agency . On Monday , at least 35 suspected militants were killed as part of ongoing operations in the Swat Valley , the Pakistan military confirmed to CNN . Government security forces engaged 70 to 80 suspected militants with artillery and attack helicopters about 11 p.m. , after observing their movements in the Khwaza Khela District of the Swat Valley , the military said . Though only 35 militants were confirmed dead , many more were injured in the attack and the death toll was expected to rise , the military said . Also on Monday , a Taliban FM radio sermon announced that militants had killed 16 Pakistan army soldiers in the Swat Valley . Officials at the Swat media center said that report was false .	Suspected Taliban militants blown up a bridge in Pakistan 's Khyber Agency region Khyber Agency is in border region between Afghanistan and Pakistan NATO supply lines suspended ; No deaths or injuries were immediately reported At least 35 suspected militants killed as part of operations in the Swat Valley
CNN  -- It 's called "  Apple picking , " a growing wave of crime in which thieves target mobile devices , particularly iPhones and iPads . Now the company that gave the crime its name is taking a step to stop it , with a "  kill switch " - style update aimed at making the mobile gadgets less valuable to thieves . Activation Lock will be part of iOS 7 , the latest version of Apple 's mobile operating system expected to roll out in the fall . The feature will require an Apple ID and password before the phone 's "  Find My iPhone " feature can be turned off or any data can be erased . At a keynote address opening its annual Worldwide Developers Conference , the company said the same ID and password will be needed to reactivate a device after it 's been remotely erased . "  We think this is going to be a really powerful theft deterrent , " said Craig Federighi , a senior vice president at Apple . As mobile devices become more popular , stealing them has become a unique sort of crime that has law enforcement and government officials taking notice . In New York , a special police unit has been created to deal with stolen mobile devices . The overall crime rate in the city increased 3 % last year -- but "  if you subtracted just the increase in Apple product thefts , we would have had an overall decrease in crime in New York , " Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne said . Advocates have been calling for so-called kill switch tools in all mobile devices for some time . Apple 's announcement came the same week that George Gascon , the district attorney in tech hub San Francisco , plans to meet with the New York state attorney general and representatives of cell phone companies to discuss ways of discouraging mobile-device robberies . In a letter last year to the Federal Communications Commission chairman , the wireless industry 's trade association released details of a voluntary effort to "  help law enforcement deter smartphone theft . " A major plank of that effort is the creation of a database for smartphones reported stolen . Phones on the database , which is scheduled to be up and running at the end of November , could not be activated and would not work on an LTE network in the United States .	New iPhone "  kill switch " targets crime known as "  Apple picking " Tool is part of new operating system for the iPhone It requires a password to deactivate "  Find My Phone " or wipe data Mobile device theft a growing concern for law enforcement
CNN  -- President Barack Obama apologized to a couple after his golf game in Hawaii forced the bride and groom to relocate their wedding Sunday . According to a report out from Bloomberg , the couple -- both captains in the Army -- had previously invited Obama to their wedding , knowing that he 'd likely return to his family 's vacation spot for the holidays . The President 's club : How golf took over the White House The couple , Natalie Heimel and Edward Mallue Jr. , received an RSVP on Saturday from the President declining the invitation but sending them good wishes . Later on Saturday they were told they 'd have to relocate their wedding venue away from the golf course , which is located on Marine Corps Base Hawaii , because the President was planing to play golf . "  It was emotional , especially for her , " Jamie McCarthy , the groom 's sister , told Bloomberg . "  She 's the bride and in less than 24 hours they had to change everything they had planned . " Michael Jordan : Obama is a ` sh *** y golfer ' Obama regularly plays on the course , and anyone planning an event there is told ahead of time that plans may be reshuffled at the last minute when the President in town , according to a manager from the company that handled logistics for the wedding . Naile Brenna , the manager , said they had alternative options on stand-by , and the couple ended up having their wedding at a "  much prettier and much nicer venue " near the home of the base 's commanding officer , which has a view near the 16th hole . Obama golfs with Jeter in Vegas After Bloomberg asked for a response from the administration , the President called the bride . McCarthy said Obama apologized and congratulated the couple , and the phone call "  made their day . " The White House declined to comment on the story Monday after it was published . It was n't the first time Obama 's plans interfered with a wedding this year . In October , a bride was late to her wedding in Chicago thanks to stalled traffic from the president 's motorcade . . CNN 's Maeve Reston contributed to this report .	An Army couple had to relocate their wedding because of the President 's golf game They were informed after they first invited him to the wedding and he declined Obama called the couple over the weekend and apologized
CNN  -- Prosecutors building a case against a teenager accused of raping and killing a high school teacher say he apparently planned an attack on a female youth counselor earlier this month , according to court documents . Philip Chism , 15 , took deliberate steps to "  elude " staff as he followed a counselor into a locker and bathroom area at a Department of Youth Services facility and , wielding a pencil as a weapon , attacked her , according to an affidavit filed June 10 and released Thursday . Chism allegedly choked and beat the employee before staff intervened and restrained him . Chism "  took several steps to elude other staff who were believed to be observing him including but not limited to creeping along a common hallway crouched down out of view of observers , " Essex Assistant District Attorney Kate B. MacDougall said in the affidavit . Chism is awaiting trial on charges he raped and murdered his high school algebra teacher , Colleen Ritzer , on October 22 , 2013 . Police and prosecutors say the teacher was killed with a box cutter in a girls ' bathroom at Danvers High School . He is now being held at Worcester State Hospital , court documents say . Prosecutors have requested that Chism not be allowed in any part of that hospital that is not securely locked ; not be allowed to leave without prosecutors ' consent ; and not be left alone with female staff or patients , according to court documents . An official at the youth services facility had been warned by MacDougall in November not to allow Chism to be alone with female staff members , court documents say . A call to one of Chism 's attorneys , Susan Oker , was not immediately returned . Denise Regan , another defense attorney , declined to comment Friday . In January , Chism pleaded not guilty to aggravated rape , robbery and murder charges in the Ritzer case . He is being tried as an adult . After Chism was reported missing by his mother on the evening of October 22 , police had his cell phone company "  ping " the location of his phone . It was found near the Hollywood Hits Theater , where investigators learned the teen had bought a movie ticket and then left . An affidavit said that when Chism was spotted by a police officer the next day , he was carrying a knife . A search of his backpack turned up a bloodstained box cutter . Asked where the blood came from , Chism allegedly responded : "  The girl . " He also allegedly carried credit cards and driver 's licenses belonging to Ritzer , as well as a pair of women 's underwear . Police discovered Ritzer 's body in a wooded area near the school , covered with leaves and debris , court papers said . Her throat was slit . CNN 's Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Suspect "  took several steps " to evade observers before alleged attack , court documents say Court documents : Female counselor at the Youth Services facility was choked and beaten Philip Chism , 15 , is awaiting trial on charges he raped and killed a high school algebra teacher Facility official was warned not to let Chism be alone with female staffers , court documents say
CNN  It seems iPads hold their value pretty well , especially if they have papal connections One that Pope Francis once owned just sold for $ 30,500 , according to Castells , an auction house in Uruguay . The Apple tablet had all the personal touches . "  His Holiness Francisco " and "  Vatican Internet Service , March 2013 " were engraved on the back in Spanish and Italian . It also came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by the Pope 's personal secretary . The proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo , Uruguay . It 's not the first time a papal hand-me-down has gone for big bucks . Last year , the Pope donated a Harley-Davidson that he was given to charity . The motorcycle sold for $ 284,000 at auction , more than 10 times its normal sales price . A Harley motorcycle jacket signed by Francis sold for nearly $ 68,000 . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	The iPad was engraved with "  His Holiness Francisco " and "  Vatican Internet Service , March 2013 " A Harley-Davidson the Pope donated to charity sold for $ 284,000 last year
CNN  -- Captain Cristiano Ronaldo scored a 16-minute hat-trick as Portugal came from behind to beat Northern Ireland 4-2 in a stormy match to stay on track for automatic qualification for the 2014 World Cup . After Russia beat Luxembourg 4-1 earlier Friday to claim a one-point lead in Group F , Ronaldo 's team went 2-1 down in pouring rain in Belfast against a team ranked 109th in world football . Bruno Alves put the seventh-ranked visitors ahead in the 21st minute , but Gareth McAuley equalized and Portugal striker Heldar Postiga was sent off before the break . The Irish took the lead through Jamie Ward soon after halftime , but lost the initiative when Chris Brunt was sent off for a second yellow card , recklessly sliding into a tackle . Ronaldo took advantage of the extra space , heading home from a corner in the 68th minute and then nodding in Fabio Coentrao 's lofted forward pass on 77 . Northern Ireland striker Kyle Lafferty received a straight red three minutes later for a late sliding challenge , and Real Madrid star Ronaldo wrapped up the scoring with a deflected low free-kick . It left Portugal two points clear of Russia , having played one more match , as the road to Rio heads into its final rounds of matches . The Irish had held Portugal 1-1 last October on Ronaldo 's 100th appearance for his country , but this time the 28-year-old netted his first international treble to overtake Eusebio as Portugal 's second-highest scorer on 43 goals . The Russians can reclaim top spot by winning their game in hand at home to Israel on Tuesday , after which all the teams will have two matches remaining . World and European champion Spain took control of Group I , beating Finland 2-0 while second-placed France dropped points in a 0-0 draw away to Georgia . A goal in either half from defender Jordi Alba and striker Alvaro Negredo was enough to put Vicente del Bosque 's team three points clear -- though France can close the gap again by winning in Belarus on Tuesday , ahead of Spain 's next match in October . Germany stayed five points clear in Group C as veteran striker Miroslav Klose equaled his country 's scoring record in a 3-0 win over neighbor Austria . The 35-year-old matched Gerd Muller 's leading tally of 68 when he put the home side ahead in Munich , while Toni Kroos and Thomas Muller netted in the second half at the stadium of their club Bayern . Muller 's goals came from just 62 games , while former Bayern star Klose -- now playing in Italy with Lazio -- has needed 129 matches . Austria had been second on goal difference , but lost that position to Sweden -- which beat the Republic of Ireland 2-1 in Dublin . The Irish led through Robbie Keane 's national-record 60th goal but striker Johan Elmander leveled and 37-year-old Anders Svensson grabbed a second-half winner on his 143rd international appearance -- matching the most by a Swedish player . England 's hopes of automatic qualification were boosted by a 4-0 win over Moldova which put Roy Hodgson 's side top of Group H on goal difference . Forward Rickie Lambert scored his second goal in successive matches after Steven Gerrard 's opener , while striker Danny Welbeck scored two more -- but picked up a suspension after being booked . It gave England the edge over Montenegro , which dropped points in a 1-1 draw away to Poland as Robert Lewandowski canceled out Dejan Damjanovic 's opener for the visiting team . Third-placed Ukraine warmed up for Tuesday 's home clash with England by thrashing San Marino 9-0 , as eight players found the net and Yevhen Khacheridi scored twice . Belgium went five points clear at the top of Group A after a 2-0 win in Scotland , while second-placed Croatia dropped points in a 1-1 draw in Serbia which ended its neighbor 's slim hopes of a playoff place . Italy marched seven points clear in Group B with a 1-0 win over second-placed Bulgaria , as veteran striker Alberto Gilardino netted the only goal seven minutes before halftime . Three teams were left a point behind Bulgaria as Armenia shocked the Czech Republic 2-1 in Prague while Denmark 's hopes were boosted with a 2-1 win at bottom side Malta . The Netherlands stayed top in Group D despite being held 2-2 in Estonia , with Robin van Persie 's 90th-minute penalty leaving the Dutch six points clear -- though it ended the only 100 % record in European qualifying . Arjen Robben scored the opener before Konstantin Vassiljev netted twice for the home side , which had defender Raio Piiroja sent off for bringing down Van Persie at the end . Romania moved up to second place with a 3-0 win at home to Hungary , which dropped its neighbor to third . Turkey thrashed Andorra 5-0 to stay in the hunt for a playoff place , as Umut Bulut scored a hat-trick . Switzerland 's Group E lead was trimmed to four points following a 4-4 draw with Iceland . Stephan Lichtsteiner scored twice for the home side but Johann Berg Gudmundsson completed a hat-trick in the 90th minute to keep fourth-placed Iceland in the playoff race . Norway moved up to second with a 2-0 win over bottom team Cyprus , while Slovenia beat third-placed Albania 1-0 to also remain in contention . In Group G , Greece joined Bosnia and Herzegovina on 16 points at the top after a 1-0 win away to Liechtenstein , with both teams having a player sent off . Bosnia lost 1-0 at home to third-placed Slovakia , which is a further four points adrift . Meanwhile , Ghana became the fourth nation to qualify for the final round of African qualifying after beating Zambia 2-1 in Kumasi , ending the visiting side 's hopes of going through . Six other places will be settled in this weekend 's last round of group matches , while Algeria , Ivory Coast and Egypt have already won spots .	Portugal top of Group F after coming from behind to beat Northern Ireland Cristiano Ronaldo nets treble to become his country 's second-highest scorer Spain takes charge of Group I as France drops points away to Georgia Miroslav Klose equals Germany 's scoring record ; Netherlands drop first points
A new company in Germany is trying to break into the fashion business selling stylish clothes designed and produced by prison inmates . Inmates design and produce the Haeftling range . The company Haeftling , which in English means inmate , has just opened its first store in Berlin . "  We want to have basic , durable , timeless , beautiful clothes , " said Stephan Bohle , one of the company founders . Many of the clothes , cooking aprons and even stainless steel food trays offered in the Berlin store were either designed or manufactured in jails , but not just German ones . One design shows a female comic figure that was drawn by a man sitting on death row in Texas . Bohle said part of the proceeds from sales go to organizations that support prisoners ' rights and better conditions for inmates , like Amnesty International . But in some cases , money goes directly to the inmates that designed certain pieces . "  In the case of the female cartoon figure , this man was almost granted a stay from execution because of the design he did for us but in the end unfortunately the appeals court ruled against him , " Bohle said The clothes offered at the Haeftling shop also tell the story of the inmates that designed individual pieces . A small text inside the item lays out the prisoners story , including the name , where he is in jail and how long the term will be . Some of the clothes are manufactured at a corrections facility in Halle , near Leipzig , in Eastern Germany . Watch the inmates at work " Prisoners sew cooking aprons in a jail workshop for several hours a day . "  It 's wonderful , at least it takes your mind off jail for a little while , " says Mario Hildebrand , who is serving a 20 month term in Halle . "  We can really identify with this label , " he said . "  We are the prisoners and without us this label would not be possible , so we do take some pride in making these clothes . " However , Mario said he would not wear the clothes himself : "  Look , I am a prisoner , and I 'm really not proud of it . It is n't something I want to be parading around . " But others seem to be catching the fever . Bohle said the company wants to start selling in the United States . "  We 've had people from New York , Chicago and Los Angeles ask about Haeftling , " he said in an interview in the flagship store in Berlin . Bohle said he hopes socially responsible clothes will also make for a good business for the company . E-mail to a friend	Prison inmates design clothes for new shop in German capital Portion of profits go to prisoner rights organizations Clothes include tag include prisoner 's name and sentence Products include design by inmate on death row in Texas , U.S.
CNN  -- Ashly Covington is the kind of top model who does n't lift a finger . She does n't cook , she does n't clean and she avoids anything that could ruin her manicure . Kimbra Hickey 's hands on the covers helped sell the novel "  Twilight . " But if your hands could earn $ 1,200 in a day , you 'd think twice before scrubbing down the bathroom , too . As one of the few full-time body parts models , Covington thinks about her hands "  every minute of every hour of every day , " because for the past seven years , her hands  and , occasionally , her legs and feet  have been her sole source of income . She can earn anywhere from $ 300 a day to a couple thousand per hour . "  Most people can walk away from work when they 're done with a job , but parts models ca n't , because -LSB- our parts -RSB- have to be flawless . I moisturize 20 to 30 times a day , and wear gloves 90 percent of the time , " she said . "  When it 's your livelihood , you 've got to think hands first . " Parts modeling was ushered into the public 's conscious with the "  Seinfeld " episode when George Costanza became a hand model , but the specialty is still the oddball of the fashion and advertising industry . See other famous faces behind the hands " With all of the reality TV showing what it takes to prance the runways , none depict the truth about being a parts model . There 's the discomfort of contorting one 's hand in an uncomfortable position for hours , or attempts to "  smile " with one 's feet . "  Some people have a very romanticized view of what -LSB- parts -RSB- modeling is , " said Danielle Korwin , president of the New York City-based Parts Models modeling agency . "  Their boyfriend or grandmother or mother has said , ` you have great hands , you should be a model , ' but we want only the exceptional . Your hands have to be veinless , poreless and flawless . " Covington believes hand modeling may be harder to break into than other kinds . Even if you have gorgeous hands , Covington said , that does n't mean they photograph well . "  You have to know how to hold the hand so it looks beautiful . " Since runway models and actors are n't hand perfectionists like professional parts models , producers bring in body doubles for close-ups . As a result , parts models have to do what seems like the near impossible : "  Your hands have to convey emotion , " Covington said , whose background in drama serves her well . "  I was doing a shoot where I had to pick up a cheeseburger and bring it to camera , but they wanted it to be the most delectable cheeseburger , " Covington said . "  So I said ` mmmm , ' and really conveyed the emotion entirely to get it reflected in my hands . " Hand model James Furino , who 's played the hands of famous leading men like Matthew Perry on "  Friends " and Daniel Craig for a "  James Bond " promotion , and has also landed print advertisements for clients like Smirnoff Vodka , said those gigs can be a lot of pressure . "  They spend hundreds of thousands of dollars in pre-production and people are flying in all over the country so you can get to that exact moment where you split a muffin , and it 's -LSB- on -RSB- you , " he said . Newcomer Jivelle Callender agreed that parts modeling for TV spots can be "  nerve-wracking . " "  You 're standing in the middle of a large group of people who are very close on top of you , and the attention is fully focused on your hands , " she said . "  But your hands are not the star , the product is the star . Depending on what you 're doing , some shoots are very involved -- dipping a shrimp , for example . It 's one thing to just dip a shrimp , but it 's quite another thing to do it on camera to make sure the shrimp looks spectacular . " You have to wonder where the glory is when a person 's camera time is lessened in favor of a few crustaceans . "  I love sets ; I love working with the camera crew and the director , " Callender said , who also does print work for companies like Nordstrom as well . "  It 's nice to see my hand in the commercial , but I do n't care if people know that it 's me or not . " Covington 's hands have been everywhere from Hamilton Beach clothing iron boxes to NuvaRing birth control ads , and have even starred in that inescapable Dawn dish liquid commercial featuring a purple , Spanish-speaking sponge . "  I 've had some of my mom 's friends say , ` When will it be your face ? ' But I 'm not trying for that . I 'm really proud of all the places that my hands have been . I think it 's neat that everyone in the world has seen my hands and nobody knows it , " Covington said . Yet Kimbra Hickey proved the life of hand model can be moved out of the shadows when she became the cover art hand model for the novel "  Twilight " five years ago . "  I just stumbled on it . I 've never been recognized as a hand model , but when I started going to bookstores and telling people who were in line paying for ` Twilight ' that those were my hands , before you know it , I had a line of people waiting for autographs . " Hickey is now touring with various "  Twilight " themed conventions , autographing covers and recreating her now-famous hand pose for photos with fans . "  When you start to realize that you have this little bit of celebrity status , it 's a strange feeling , because I 've never had that before , " Hickey said . "  I feel lucky just to be a part of it . " But anyone toying with the idea of becoming a parts model should n't do it because of illusions of fortune and fame . "  It seems people think we all live like supermodels and rockstars , " Hickey said , "  but it 's really just a regular job . " Furino agreed . "  If you want to do this for 10 years , you may finally be able to make a living , " he said . "  But get rich quick ? If that was the case , everyone would be doing it . " His advice if you do want to pursue parts ? "  If it does start working for you , keep going , but do n't quit your day job just yet . "	Hand models can make anywhere from $ 300 a day to thousands of dollars per hour Breaking into the industry can be just as difficult as entering other segments "  Twilight " hand model Kimbra Hickey went from anonymous parts model to celebrity Few become rich or famous , so for those interested in pursuing , keep a day job
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- Alexander Reyes ' boyhood dream of a military career ended when he was hit by an improvised explosive device during a patrol two years ago in Baghdad . "  Laying in that hospital bed ... sometimes I felt I 'd rather -LSB- have -RSB- died , " Reyes said . "  My life came to a complete halt . " Reyes sustained severe blast injuries that led to his medical discharge ; he 's on 100 percent medical disability . Like many soldiers wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan , Reyes , now 24 , found the transition to civilian life difficult . But he and a handful of other injured veterans are getting help from what may seem an unlikely source : a custom home builder in Houston , Texas . Dan Wallrath recently presented Reyes and his wife with an unexpected gift : a home built especially for them , mortgage-free . "  Thank you . That 's all I can say , " Elizabeth Reyes said , sobbing and clutching her stunned husband 's arm as Wallrath surprised them with the house . For Wallrath , giving wounded veterans a place to call home is his way of saying thanks . Since 2005 , his organization has built four houses . Five more are under construction , and he 's expanding his idea into a national campaign called Operation Finally Home . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes Wallrath spent 30 years making upscale clients ' dream houses a reality . But he found a new mission in 2005 when he met with Steve Schulz about a very different type of project . Schulz 's 20-year old son , a U.S. Marine , had been gravely injured in Iraq . Schulz desperately needed to remodel his house to accommodate his son 's wheelchair . "  I had no idea how I was going to pay for it , " Schulz said . "  I just knew that I had to get it done . " Wallrath went to advise Schulz on remodeling his house as a favor to a friend . It was a meeting that changed Wallrath 's life . He remembers Schulz showing him photos of his son Steven . "  He was a big , strapping Marine , " Wallrath said . But the pictures he saw of Steven taken after his injury told a different story . "  He was ... half his size . It was so sad , " he said . "  It dawned on me that people are facing this all over the U.S. " Wallrath mobilized an army of carpenters , plumbers and suppliers who took on the remodeling job for free . They widened doorways , built a ramp to the back door and made the bathroom handicapped-accessible . "  Anything that needed to be done , Dan said , ` We 'll take care of it , ' " Schulz recalled . "  It was just a huge , huge relief . " When the work on Schulz 's home was complete , Wallrath realized he was just getting started . "  It really broke my heart to think -LSB- about -RSB- these young men and women , " he said . He decided the best way he could help wounded veterans was by doing what he knew best : building them homes . "  It was like someone hit me upside the head with a 2x4 . ... I just felt like this is what God wants me to do . " He took his idea to his local trade group , the Bay Area Builders Association , and convinced members to start a home-building program for wounded veterans . With donations from suppliers and contractors , Wallrath said , the group can build a $ 300,000 house for $ 25,000 to $ 50,000 . Each house is fully furnished and customized to meet the needs of each family and is mortgage-free . The group also covers the taxes and insurance for two years . Wounded veterans or their spouses often have to find a new career or go back to school , making it hard to make ends meet , Wallrath said . "  If you can alleviate a financial burden off these young kids where they can concentrate on rebuilding their lives , you can really make a difference , " he said . Lt. Erasmo Valles is one such story . As a Marine , he was injured by an IED in Iraq in 2004 and ultimately had one of his legs amputated . Returning to civilian life was hard , and his family rapidly burned through its savings . "  We 'd saved money for rainy days , but ... it was raining , " Valles said . Receiving a home from Wallrath in November 2008 turned their fortunes around . Valles , 34 , is now studying for his doctorate in public safety ; his wife earned her master 's degree and is now a special education teacher . "  It saved us , " he said . "  We 're moving on and moving forward . ... For someone to think about me and my family ... to build a home -- wow . That 's a hero . " Wallrath is determined to help as many families as he can . He 's trying to enlist builders ' associations across the country to join his crusade , with the goal of building 100 homes . His program got tremendous interest at an industry event in January , and it soon hopes to break ground on a house near Chicago , the first outside of Texas . Considering the industry was hard-hit by the recession , Wallrath says he 's been heartened by the response . Now retired , Wallrath dedicates about half of his time to this effort without pay . He says it 's the least he can do to repay some of the more than 30,000 troops who 've been wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq . "  These kids ... they 're doing it for me and you , " he said . "  So we 're the ones that need to step up and do something . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Bay Area Builders Association Web site and see how to help .	Dan Wallrath 's organization built four houses for wounded vets in Texas Retired homebuilder started program after meeting father of wounded Marine Wallrath 's team remodeled house for free to make it handicapped-accessible Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland Martin says fathers across America are failing their children by shirking their responsibilities . CNN  -- "  I 'll kill all y' all . " Imagine looking at the man whose DNA you carry standing in your home , telling you those chilling words , as he wields a shotgun . The frightening image is a scary thought . But according to former Major League Baseball star Darryl Strawberry , it was an actual scene , one that begins his book , "  Straw : Finding My Way . " I vividly remember the towering home runs hit by the former star , who played for four big league teams , including the New York Mets and Yankees -- and of course , the many times he was in the news for failing drug tests , beating wives , getting cancer twice , going to prison . He was a man fighting enormous demons . Yet as I read the book , there is one consistent theme that runs throughout and that sheds a spotlight on a figure that continues to plague neighborhoods all across the country : the missing-in-action father . Strawberry makes a point repeatedly in "  Straw " that he does not blame his dad for the trials and tribulations in his life ; he says all decisions he made willingly . But he does speak to the issue of having a father who , by Strawberry 's account , while technically in the house , was a raging drunk who spent his paycheck doing what he wanted , showing no love and affection towards his children , viciously beating Strawberry and his brother , all while telling them that they would be nothing in life . Watch Darryl Strawberry talk to Roland Martin about his father " "  I grew up in an inner city , South Central Los Angeles . When you grow up in the inner cities , most young men do n't have a father figure around . Most mothers are raising the kids , " he told me in an interview . He later said , "  I loved playing baseball ; I loved playing basketball ; excelling and achieving my goals was my own personal goals , but inside , I just never loved myself . I can remember the times when I excelled in baseball and I -LSB- would -RSB- do extremely well and the cheers and the glitter and everything that came along with it , but you know what , Roland ? When I went home at night , here was I again , me myself , -LSB- asking -RSB- ` Who am I ? ' " The cynical in our world undoubtedly will say , "  Who cares about a drugged-out , washed-up ballplayer ? " But the mental damage that Strawberry says wreaked havoc on him as a child can not be discounted , and it 's something that millions of young children , especially boys , are growing up with every day . This is n't a tale of the stereotypical black athlete who grows up with the black father not in the home , leading to the cycle of violence and lack of family unity we see all around the country . Strawberry 's dad was there . But , according to the former ballplayer , he was a horrible father . And right now , there are also young white boys in suburban and rural America who have dads in the home , physically , yet they have mentally and emotionally checked out . And the same for Hispanics and Asians . It has gotten to the point that a mother is considered essential in a family , but a father is optional , expendable , and increasingly irrelevant . I remember watching an OnStar commercial . And as the company touted the features , it showed a father driving his child around , and when the kid starts to cry , the dad freaks out and has to quickly call the mom to calm the baby down . I 'm watching that and saying , "  Man , it 's your child , too ! So calm it ! " Then there is the commercial -- I do n't even remember what they were pitching -- of two or three kids in the kitchen making a mess after spilling the cereal . The hapless and hopeless dad looks at them and says , "  Where is your mom ? " Every time that commercial comes on I scream at the TV , "  Where is your mom ? Where are your parenting skills , you ingrate ! " See , I take seriously the importance of fathers -- men -- in the lives of children . My wife and I do n't have children of our own , but we are raising four of my nieces because they were struggling at home . They need to see a husband and a wife caring for them , but also instilling the right values in their lives . I am convinced that our city streets have turned into killing fields because dads have abdicated their responsibility in the raising of their children . Yes , mom is vital . But there is something different about dad speaking , lecturing , cajoling , disciplining , embracing , loving and caring . Our schools are filled with children losing their minds , and teachers unable to control them . When that happens , it 's typically mom , grandma or an aunt coming to the school to deal with the problem . Ask a teacher or principal today and they will say they rarely see dads . My mom has gotten ticked at times because I often talk more about my father than her on TV or radio . It 's not that I do n't love or appreciate her . But I do it because it is rare to hear men , especially black men , speaking affirmatively about their fathers . I know what it means to have a dad raising and caring for you , and not seeing his child in a drive-by style , or just sending a check . Dads must be present and accounted for , playing a vital role in their children 's life . That 's why I appreciated it when President Obama spoke about the issue of fatherhood on the campaign trail . We all know the story of his father leaving when he was 2 years old . And yes , he was able to be successful . But for every Obama , there are numerous boys who are n't able to hold it together . I 've called on pastors nationwide to stop the stream of momma , grandmother , aunts and female cousins coming to the altar for baby dedications with no man in sight . That pastor should say , "  Until I personally meet with the father , I will not dedicate this child . " Somebody has to hold that man accountable for his actions . It 's time that men hold their "  boys " accountable . Actor Hill Harper had a friend who once said that he had n't seen his child in some time , but he found time to play basketball with Harper . Hill said , "  Unless you call your child now , we ca n't play ball . " See , Hill had to force him to accept his responsibilities . The failure of manhood in America -- fatherhood -- has reached epidemic proportions . And unless our religious and cultural institutions say enough is enough , we are going to see another generation of children growing up with dad absent and unaccounted for . It 's time for men to man up , so children can grow up with an equal amount of love and affection from both parents . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Darryl Strawberry 's book says his father failed his family Martin says fathers across America are n't living up to their responsibilities He says mothers are bearing the burden of raising kids , dealing with schools
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- An Indonesian businessman known for publicity stunts dropped 100 million rupiah , or about $ 10,700 , from an aircraft Sunday to promote his new book . Bank notes are dropped from a small airplane Sunday to promote Tung Desem Waringin 's new book . Tung Desem Waringin circled eight times over a soccer field in the city of Serang , about 40 miles west of Jakarta , emptying bag after black bag of cash . Below , men snatched bills from the hands of young ones . Giddy schoolchildren jumped up and down in excitement , holding up notes they picked up . One man held a blue cap that he had stuffed with money . Another sat in a corner of the field , massaging his feet after a madcap dash for cash . Watch Waringin make it rain " The stunt was to promote Tung 's book "  Marketing Revolution , " said Fajar Ramdani , the media coordinator for the event . Tung initially wanted to pull the stunt over the capital of Jakarta , but police , fearing large crowds and potential chaos , did not grant him permission , local media reported . Three years ago , the 42-year-old motivational speaker rode a horse along Jakarta 's main streets dressed as one of the country 's most celebrated war heroes to launch his first book . The book went on to become a best-seller . Millions of people in Indonesia live on fewer than $ 2 a day . The publicity stunt was expected to generate a tremendous response because the country is grappling with rising food and fuel prices . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Indonesian businessman circles soccer field eight times , dumping bags of cash Men snatch bills from youngsters ; one man stuffs blue cap with money Businessman wanted to pull stunt over Jakarta , but police feared chaos Author once rode on horseback through Jakarta , dressed as war hero
Washington  CNN  -- Congressional Democrats and Republicans escalated their rhetorical war Thursday over a pending federal rule requiring religiously affiliated employers to provide full contraception coverage to women -- one day after hints emerged of a possible compromise between the White House and conservative religious critics . Numerous rank-and-file Democrats urged the White House not to back away from its support for the rule , while Republicans demanded a full retreat . "  It is time for the extreme right wing to stop playing football with women 's health , " said Rep. Nita Lowey , D-New York . "  My colleagues and I stand in solidarity with American women who have waited decades for equity in contraceptive coverage . We have fought for too long . " "  I woke up this morning in the 21st century , not in the Middle Ages , " said . Rep. Diana DeGette , D-Colorado . "  Family planning and birth control  are  an essential part of women 's health . " But Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum said the issue is about the rights of churches , not women . "  This has to do with the right of a church not to spend their moral resources in a way that 's inconsistent with their faith , " the former Pennsylvania senator , a staunch conservative Catholic , told CNN 's "  John King USA . " "  We 're not talking about denying women the access to contraception , " he added . "  They can go and get it . But we 're talking about having a church of which they happen to choose to work for , and they know their position in working for them . You 're now forcing them as a condition of employing people to pay for something that again is a grievous moral wrong . " And Rep. Virginia Foxx , R-North Carolina , called the proposed rule "  an attack by the federal government on religious freedom for everyone in our country and our rights of conscience . " "  It must not stand , and it will not stand , if we are going to keep the freedoms that we love and cherish in this country , " Foxx said . Stephen Prothero says the nation 's "  culture wars " are back The question of whether institutions with religious ties should be required to offer insurance plans covering birth control and the so-called morning after pill , among other things , hits a number of political hot buttons . Liberal groups defend the requirement on grounds of gender equality in health care ; conservatives consider it a violation of the First Amendment and an infringement on religious liberty . Republican leaders have repeatedly blasted the administration 's decision , raising the issue 's profile on both Capitol Hill and the presidential campaign trail . Speaking on a Cincinnati radio show Thursday , Vice President Joe Biden said the Obama administration hopes to find a middle ground that would allow women to get insurance coverage for contraception while allowing an institution like the Roman Catholic Church , which opposes birth control , "  to be consistent with its teachings . " "  What I 'm making a commitment is there 's going to be a significant attempt to work this out , and there 's time to do that , " Biden said . "  And as a practicing Catholic , you know , I am of the view that this can be worked out and should be worked out . " Biden told radio station WLW that there has been "  a lot of misunderstanding " about the rule . "  There 's not enough focus on the fact that we 've decided that there 's a year to work this out so we can accommodate it , " he said . While churches themselves are exempt from the rule , hospitals and schools with religious affiliations would have to comply . The new policy is set to go into effect on August 1 , though religious groups would have a yearlong extension to implement the rule . Published polls show a slight majority of U.S. Catholics actually favor the requirement . But the Catholic media network EWTN sued the federal government Thursday , seeking to stop the mandate 's implementation and get it ruled unconstitutional . "  We had no other option but to take this to the courts , " EWTN President Michael Warsaw said . "  We are taking this action to defend not only ourselves but also to protect other institutions -- Catholic and non-Catholic , religious and secular -- from having this mandate imposed upon them . " Two other lawsuits have also been filed seeking to block the mandate . All three lawsuits are backed by the Becket Fund , a conservative religious legal organization . Some political analysts think the controversy will cost President Barack Obama votes in politically critical states like Pennsylvania and Ohio in November , while others insist it will ultimately hurt Republicans with suburban women . Bloomberg reported Wednesday that there was a deep internal administration split on the matter , with Biden and former White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley warning Obama about the possibility of negative political repercussions in swing states , But several female aides -- including Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius -- urged the president to move forward with the rule , Bloomberg said . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney denied the report , though he declined to offer any details . Several high-profile Democrats -- including Pennsylvania Sen. Robert Casey , West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin , Connecticut Rep. John Larson and former Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine -- pushed the White House on Wednesday to reconsider its position and expand the exemption for religious employers . Manchin joined Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , in introducing legislation Thursday that would immediately repeal the mandate . The reproductive health group Planned Parenthood condemned the bill , arguing it would let any business lift birth-control coverage for its employees "  on the basis of personal religious belief or moral conviction . " "  It should not be left up to a boss 's personal beliefs whether his employees should be allowed birth control coverage , " Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards said in a written statement . "  Birth control is basic health care and women should have access to birth control , no matter where they work . That 's why a majority of Americans , including Catholics , support the Obama administration 's birth control benefit . " But Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , suggested the White House change its stance . "  What I am urging is a compromise that respects the substantive goal of making sure that women have access and that no person is without the care , but at the same time that finds a way to respect issues of conscience and matters of religious belief . I think there is a balance , " Kerry told reporters . "  I do know the president is sensitive to this , " Kerry said . Policymakers are examining laws in 28 states that have similar coverage requirements , senior administration sources said . Two sources have told CNN that the administration is particularly interested in the Hawaii model , in which female employees of religious institutions can purchase contraceptive coverage directly from the insurer at the same price offered to employees of all other employers . Another possible solution , one source said , would be legislation allowing women employed by religiously affiliated employers to get contraceptive insurance from the exchanges created under Obama 's sweeping health care reform rather than from their employer 's insurer . Sources familiar with White House thinking said the administration is is convinced approval from conservative Catholics is out of reach and is trying to win over progressive Catholics . New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan , head of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , said Thursday that the decision to require full contraception coverage was a "  terribly misguided judgment . " "  We ca n't compromise on principle . That 's almost rewarding bad behavior , " Dolan told "  CBS This Morning . " On Wednesday , House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , called the policy an "  unambiguous attack on religious freedom " and announced his chamber would pursue legislative action to prevent the rule from going into effect . And on the presidential campaign trail , GOP front-runner Mitt Romney has pledged to eliminate the rule on his first day in office . Both the White House and Romney 's Republican opponents , however , have noted a Massachusetts law in effect , while Romney was governor that required hospitals -- including Catholic ones -- to provide emergency contraception to rape victims . It 's ironic for Romney to criticize "  the president for pursuing a policy that is virtually identical to the one that was in place when he was governor of Massachusetts , " Carney said Wednesday . Romney , in turn , said Carney needs to "  check his history . " In 2005 then-Gov . Romney vetoed a bill that would have required all hospitals -- including Catholic hospitals -- to provide emergency contraception . The heavily Democratic state legislature overrode his veto . According to news reports at the time , Romney initially said his administration would not enforce the law at Catholic hospitals . But he later reversed course , saying all hospitals would have to supply the morning-after pill . Romney was quoted at the time as saying , "  My personal view in my heart of hearts is that people who are subject to rape should have the option of having emergency contraception or emergency contraception information . " "  I worked very hard to get the legislature to remove all of the mandated coverages , including contraception , " Romney told reporters Wednesday . This "  was a provision that got there before I did , and it was one that I fought to remove . " Romney 's campaign released a statement from former U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican Mary Ann Glendon on Thursday defending Romney 's past stance on the issue . "  The charge that Mitt Romney has not stood tall to defend freedom of religion is preposterous , " Glendon said . "  He has shown backbone on every critical issue at every juncture when it counted . " CNN 's Dan Gilgoff , Eric Marrapodi , Jessica Yellin , Brianna Keilar , Paul Courson , Ted Barrett , and Dana Bash contributed to this report	NEW : "  This can be worked out , " Biden says Santorum says it 's not about women , it 's about churches ' rights Planned Parenthood says access to contraception is "  basic health care " The pending rule says religiously affiliated employers must provide full contraception coverage
CNN  -- Alassane Ouattara aspired to be president of Ivory Coast for decades . Now , after four long months of post-election turmoil and the capture of his political rival , the job is indisputably his . "  Finally , we have reached the dawn of a new era of hope , " Ouattara said in a televised address . But by even the most optimistic assessments , Ouattara faces a daunting task in forging a peaceful and stable path forward . Chief among his challenges , said longtime observers , will be to unite a severely divided nation and ensure justice for those who committed grave human rights violations in the nation 's political vacuum . That includes people from his own camp who stand accused of heinous acts . Most of the blame for the bloodshed rests squarely on the shoulders of Laurent Gbagbo , whose refusal to cede power plunged Ivory Coast into crisis , said Jendayi Frazer of the Council on Foreign Relations . The International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands , is now poised to investigate alleged war crimes instigated by Gbagbo . Ouattara will have to delicately balance such a probe with reconciliation . After all , said expert Alex Vines , Ouattara did not win in a landslide . Gbagbo won 45.9 percent of the vote and as such , Ouattara will have to reach out to his rival 's supporters , perhaps even welcome them into his government without jeopardizing justice , said Vines , head of the Africa program at the British think tank Chatham House . But even more significant may be the way Ouattara handles his own dirt . Though he emerged in the Western media as the good versus Gbagbo 's evil , Ouattara , too , has been accused of having blood on his hands . Human Rights Watch published a scathing report Saturday about abuses perpetrated by pro-Ouattara forces on their offensive to Abidjan . People interviewed by the monitoring agency "  described how , in village after village , pro-Ouattara forces summarily executed and raped perceived Gbagbo supporters in their homes , as they worked in the fields , as they fled or as they tried to hide in the bush . " "  Ouattara should fulfill his public pledge to investigate and prosecute abuses by both sides if C척te d'Ivoire is to emerge from this horrific period , " said Daniel Bekele , Africa director at Human Rights Watch . In the United States , Ouattara 's critics questioned his right to rule . "  It is now clear , based on U.N. reports coming from Cote d'Ivoire , that mass killings have occurred at the hands of Alassane Ouattara , " Sen. Jim Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , said earlier this month . "  This calls into question his legitimacy to lead that country , " said Inhofe , who has visited Ivory Coast nine times and made no secret of his support for Gbagbo . "  Ouattara is on a rampage , killing innocent civilians , and he must be stopped before this becomes another Rwanda . " Human rights lawyer Geoffrey Robertson said Ouattara 's moment in the spotlight could quickly dim without adequate investigations into the abuse allegations against forces loyal to him . "  Mr. Ouattara should also be investigated because of the evidence that his troops did commit rapes and abuse en route to Abidjan , " said Robertson , a former president of the U.N. special court for Sierra Leone . Such a probe could answer questions about what amount of control Ouattara exerted over the forces fighting under his name and whether he deliberately failed to stop them , Roberston said . In his favor , Ouattara has been viewed for some time as a hard-working man , an honest politician who favors transparency . He hailed from northern lands dominated by Muslim immigrants who came to work in Ivory Coast and eventually grew into influential businessmen and traders . The U.S.-educated Ouattara quit his International Monetary Fund job to run for president in 2000 and might have met Gbagbo on the ballot then , except that he was marked as an outsider -- his mother was from Burkina Faso -- and barred from participating in the election . The pro-Gbagbo newspaper Notre Voie accused Ouattara of backing a failed 2002 coup against Gbagbo 's government , which triggered the 2002 civil war . Ouattara 's critics blame him for the deep split that Ivory Coast has yet to mend . Vines said the rebels who fought in the 2002 civil war , the Force Nouvelles , formed a large part of the pro-Ouattara forces fighting Gbagbo 's troops in the latest crisis . The United Nations has repeatedly cited the armed group for breaking the arms embargo imposed on Ivory Coast and human rights groups have sounded alarms about its abuses . The moral high ground in Ivory Coast , said Vines , is that the election result is clear and in favor of Ouattara . "  After that it gets gray and in the last few weeks , it 's gotten very opaque indeed , " he said about the recent spate of killings , especially the massacre in the western town of Duekoue , where the International Committee of the Red Cross said 800 people were slaughtered . The United Nations blamed many of the deaths on Ouattara 's forces . Ouattara , said Robertson , must conduct a swift inquiry into the allegations and punish the perpetrators . Otherwise , Robertson said , Ouattara will "  himself be vulnerable to prosecution in The Hague . " And the future of Ivory Coast will be more tenuous than ever .	The International Criminal Court is poised to investigate Laurent Gbagbo But human rights monitors accuse pro-Ouattara forces of atrocities as well They want Ouattara to conduct a probe into the crimes without delay Ensuring justice in Ivory Coast will be critical to its future , experts say
Former NFL star Darren Sharper was charged in California on Friday in the alleged drugging and rape of two women , one in October and the other last month , the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office said . The five-time Pro Bowl player who became an NFL Network analyst is charged with two counts of rape by use of drugs , four counts of furnishing a controlled substance and one count of possession of a controlled substance , all felonies , the prosecutor 's office said . Sharper , 38 , who played defensive back for the Green Bay Packers , Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints during his 14-year career , appeared Friday in a Los Angeles County court , but his arraignment was postponed until Thursday , said spokesman Ricardo Santiago of the district attorney 's office . Sharper was arrested January 17 and released on $ 200,000 bail , but prosecutors will seek next Thursday to raise his bail to $ 10 million , Santiago said . The alleged controlled substances were morphine and zolpidem , another name for the prescription sleep aid Ambien . On October 30 , Sharper met two women at a West Hollywood nightclub -- Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip -- and invited them to a party , authorities allege . Sharper , who lives in Miami Beach , Florida , allegedly told them he had to stop by his Los Angeles hotel room to pick up something , and he invited them to the room . While there , he allegedly gave each woman a drink in the form of shot , and the women then passed out , prosecutors said . The first woman woke up naked hours later as Sharper allegedly was sexually assaulting her , prosecutors said . The other woman awakened and "  interrupted his actions , " according to court papers cited by prosecutors . The two women gathered their belongings and left the hotel , authorities said . On January 14 , Sharper met two women at the same West Hollywood nightclub and also invited them to a party , prosecutors said . A similar series of events allegedly unfolded : Sharper made a stop by his hotel room , invited the women in and allegedly offer them a shot , which caused them to pass out , prosecutors said . When they woke up hours later on January 15 , one woman believed she was sexually assaulted , and both women left the hotel and sought medical treatment , prosecutors said . If convicted of the Los Angeles County charges , Sharper would face more than 30 years in state prison , prosecutors said . A Los Angeles attorney representing Sharper told CNN on Friday that she was looking forward to "  the true facts in this matter being revealed . "  And we are very hopeful that at the end of day that Mr. Sharper will be fully exonerated , " added attorney Blair Berk . Los Angeles County prosecutors allege in court papers that Sharper also is suspected of rape in Tempe , Arizona ; Las Vegas , Nevada ; and New Orleans , Louisiana . "  I believe that the defendant is involved in seven acts of rape and eleven acts of furnishing a controlled substance " in those three communities and the Los Angeles area between last September and January , Los Angeles police investigator John Macchiarella stated in papers requesting an increase in Sharper 's bail to $ 10 million . In Nevada , Sharper is a suspect in an ongoing rape investigation , Las Vegas police Officer Jose Hernandez told CNN . "  We do have an active and ongoing investigation and at the conclusion of this investigation , it will be submitted to the DA 's office for consideration of charges , " Hernandez said . He did n't elaborate . Macchiarella said in court papers that Sharper allegedly invited to his Las Vegas hotel room two women and a man he met in a Las Vegas nightclub . The three guests "  blacked out " after Sharper allegedly served them shots , Macchiarella wrote . One woman claimed she found injuries to her face when she woke up and alleged Sharper served her another unknown beverage and "  the next thing she remembered was defendant Sharper sexually assaulting her , " Macchiarella stated in court papers . The other woman awoke and believed she had been sexually assaulted , wrote Macchiarella , who reviewed the Nevada police reports . The man awoke sitting alone at the bar inside of the hotel , without any memory of how he arrived there , Macchiarella said in the papers . New Orleans police are also investigating Sharper after a 25-year-old woman accused him of sexual assault in September , New Orleans police spokeswoman Cherie Guggenheim confirmed to CNN . The woman told police she consumed a large amount of alcohol last September 23 and met Sharper at one of the bars she visited , a police report said . Sharper allegedly took the victim to his apartment and raped her , according to the police report and to Guggenheim . The woman told police she did n't consent to any sexual encounter . Sharper has n't been charged and the investigation is ongoing , according to the report and to Guggenheim . In Arizona , Sharper accompanied two women to a nightclub in Scottsdale and then joined them at the apartment of one of the women , according to the police report from the incident . While in the apartment , Sharper allegedly served one woman a shot and she then blacked out , wrote Macchiarella , who reviewed police reports from Arizona . During the time Sharper and the women were in the apartment , a female roommate who shared the apartment joined the group . Sharper also allegedly served the roommate a drink in the form of a shot , and as the roommate became disoriented and went to the bathroom , she allegedly saw Sharper on top of one of the other women with his buttocks exposed , Macchiarella said . The two women who had accompanied Sharper to the apartment later underwent sexual assault exams , Macchiarella wrote . A crime lab test later found zolpidem in the cup that Sharper allegedly used as he served shots , Macchiarella said . After Sharper was arrested in Los Angeles last month , the NFL Network suspended him without pay , a spokesman said . Sharper 's pro football career began as a second-round draft choice by the Green Bay Packers in 1997 . After eight seasons with the Packers , including a loss to Denver in Super Bowl XXXII , he moved to the Minnesota Vikings for four years . He signed as a free agent with the New Orleans Saints in 2009 , which led to a Super Bowl ring that first season . Injuries hampered his second year with the Saints , which led to his retirement in 2011 . The Los Angeles arrest report states Sharper is 6 feet 2 inches tall and weighs 210 pounds .	Sharper is also under probe in 5 alleged rapes in 3 other states , LA police say In those states , cops investigate allegations of women 's drinks being drugged Sharper 's attorney : "  We are very hopeful ... that Mr. Sharper will be fully exonerated " Darren Sharper appears in court , but his arraignment is postponed until next week
CNN  -- There is no doubt that the three recent fatal shark attacks in Western Australia involve great white sharks . This species is known to inhabit the shallow waters along this coast and are known to migrate south around this time of the year to the seal colonies on the southwest coast . While they may stay around seal colonies -- their natural prey -- for months , they are not noted for sitting off a beach waiting for food to turn up . They are mostly individual , transient , inquisitive animals that will investigate objects in the water . Swimming , surfing or diving alone near aquatic animals  including seals and dolphins  far from the beach early in the morning or late in the evening may well attract a curious shark and increase the risk of encountering one . As the population increases and water-related activities become more popular , the number of people who go into the water every day also increases . But the chance of encountering a shark still remains very low . American killed in shark attack off Western Australia Most Australians understand the risk when they enter the ocean . Over the past 50 years , only one person has been killed by a shark each year in Australia on average , compared to the 87 people who drown at Australian beaches on average each year , according to Surf Life Saving Australia  SLSA  . Therefore , the hysteria in the media surrounding a shark attack seems disproportional to other fatal incidents . Historically human-shark interactions predominantly occurred in the summer months . But in recent decades , swimmers , surfers and divers are continuing to pursue these activities outside of the traditional summer season because of improvements in wetsuit technology . This is reflected in the occurrence of shark attacks throughout the year since the 1950s ; particularly for surfers , snorkelers and SCUBA divers who can enter the water at any time of the year and extend the time they spend in the water in areas that , in earlier decades , were likely to be too cold for recreational purposes . In the past 20 years , 49 % of all shark-attack victims were wearing a wetsuit . There have been 26 attacks recorded in the cooler months  May-August  during the past two decades , resulting in six fatalities compared with 15 incidents -- resulting in four fatalities -- during the same months in the previous 20-year period . There is no suggestion that wetsuits in themselves are the cause of an attack , but rather that their use has allowed people to extend their time in the water , increasing the risk of encountering a shark . The frequency of attacks also reflects the popularity of water-based activities in harbors , estuarine areas and rivers , with people more likely to encounter species such as bull sharks , which have a propensity to inhabit shallow nearshore coastal areas , bays , harbors and rivers in summer months . In the vast majority of cases , sharks involved in an attack on humans do not stay around the area and can swim 80 to 100 km away by the next day . Unfortunately other sharks may later swim into the area and may be blamed for the attack . Hunting down and killing sharks on suspicion of being responsible is unjustifiable . However , if the animal can be identified and has not left the area , it would be appropriate to remove it . But once the animal swims away it would be almost impossible to know which shark was responsible . Shark attacks are a reality of entering the ocean , but it is worth emphasizing that they are very rare events . Even If you do encounter a shark , the chances of being attacked are very small .	A scuba diver became the third fatality from a shark attack in as many weeks Authorities believe the man was killed by a great white off the Australian coast West : Shark encounters more likely , as water-based activities become more popular But he says many more people drown on average off Australian beaches
CNN  Paul McCartney , Patti Smith , Beck , and John Legend are ready to rock Cleveland . On Wednesday the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame announced an array of A-list presenters and performers for its 30th Annual Induction Ceremony , which takes place at Cleveland 's historic Public Hall on Saturday , April 18 . Seven artists and musical groups will be honored with induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame during the ceremony . The newly announced presenters list includes : Paul McCartney  inducting former Beatle Ringo Starr Stevie Wonder  inducting '70s soul singer Bill Withers Patti Smith  inducting late Velvet Underground front man Lou Reed Peter Wolf  inducting The Paul Butterfield Blues Band Fall Out Boy  inducting punk rockers Green Day John Mayer  inducting late electric guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughn Steve Cropper  inducting soul group "  5 " Royales Joan Jett & the Blackhearts round out the 2015 class of inductees . On a day that celebrates the best in rock 'n' roll , expect musicians to bring down the house . Two of this year 's most recognized artists are set to perform . Beck , who ruled the Grammys with three wins , including album of the year , will sing at the ceremony . John Legend will also take the stage , after winning best original song at this year 's Academy Awards . See all the 2015 Grammy winners The ceremony will feature other lively performances from blues guitarist Jimmie Vaughan , Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave , former Eagles band member Joe Walsh , and Nirvana drummer and Foo Fighters founder Dave Grohl . The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony will be broadcast on HBO Saturday , May 30 .  CNN and HBO share a parent company . The ceremony will be accompanied by a series of events during Cleveland 's Rock Week  April 11-18  , including live music sessions and a new 2015 Inductees exhibit at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum .	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame announces the presenters for its 2015 induction Paul McCartney will introduce Ringo Starr ; Stevie Wonder will induct Bill Withers The ceremony will take place in April and will be broadcast on HBO in May
CNN  -- This week , Giyen Kim , 34 , reached a personal milestone : She has lost 10 pounds since the beginning of the year . Giyen Kim , 34 , has lost 10 pounds since January 1 . She said she feels like it will be easier to lose more weight . This progress feels slow , she said , in comparison with her previous weight loss attempts , which consisted of crash dieting . But she found that those diets were n't sustainable . This time , she 's looking to find a lifestyle she can keep . CNN asked viewers to talk about their New Year 's resolutions on iReport.com and upload photos and videos during their journeys of change . Kim , who lives in Seattle , Washington , is one participant who frequently updates the iReport community with video updates on her progress . iReport.com : Watch Giyen talk about losing weight Reaching this 10-pound milestone , from 190 to 180 pounds , makes her feel as if it will be easier to lose more weight , she said . "  You feel definitely more motivated when you actually quantify it in a number that feels good , " she said . Visit CNNhealth , your connection for better living She does n't feel physically different , but she does notice a change from previous pictures of herself , she said . Her original goal for the year was to get closer to her pre-pregnancy weight of 120 pounds . Kim has had a hard time exercising recently because her uncle , 90 , passed away , and the grieving process has been difficult . But she plans to resume working out soon and wants to take classes at her gym . She also eats one vegan meal every day . Kim felt frustrated earlier this month because her progress felt slow , losing a pound a week . Read about her weight loss journey Often , the initial weight loss will seem the easiest , and then the loss slows somewhat over time , said Tara Gidus , dietician for the Orlando Magic NBA team and owner of Tara Gidus Nutrition Consulting in Orlando , Florida . Exercise is key in speeding things up when you 've reached a plateau , she said . It 's important to find a physical activity that you enjoy doing and to vary the exercise routine -- for example , raising the incline on a treadmill to step up the intensity , she said . Gidus usually recommends losing about 2 pounds a week , or about 5 to 8 pounds a month . At that rate , someone like Kim could lose 50 pounds in six months , she said . A pace faster than that -- such as 10 pounds per month -- would be hard to keep up , Gidus said . People with on weight-loss journeys should have encouragement from friends , family or people in support groups or online communities , she said . Kim certainly has people supporting her in the virtual world : A video she posted a few weeks ago after she 'd lost 4 pounds had more than a dozen motivational comments from others on iReport.com . Watch her video Her next goal is to lose 15 more pounds -- for a total of 25 -- by her birthday , March 24 , and reward herself with a digital single-lens reflex camera , which professional photographers use . "  That 's basically 2 pounds a week , plus 3 more , " she said . "  It 's ambitious , but I really want that camera . "	Giyen Kim , 34 , has lost 10 pounds since January 1 Reaching this milestone makes losing more weight look easier , she said Dietitian : Often , speed of weight loss slows down over time Share your journey to change with iReport.com
CNN  Israel has again voted for a national leader who acts as if he considers one-fifth of its country 's citizens -- including me and my family -- to be an existential threat . We were born into the wrong tribe , so to speak . Campaign season shed light on the troubling reality in Israel -- that tribalism trumps democracy and ethnicity trumps citizenship . When Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned that Arabs were "  being bused to the polling station in droves , " people around the world were justifiably horrified . And Monday , in response to the outrage , he apologized for his statement , offering that he knew his comments "  offended members of the Israeli Arab community . " But Netanyahu 's policies speak much more loudly than his half-apology . And with him poised to serve a fourth term , many Palestinian citizens of Israel fear , with good reason , that his victory means it is open season for anti-Arab racism in the Knesset and in the streets . Israel 's war on its Palestinian citizens is nothing new ; our rights have been under attack for years  imagine a proposal that forced Jewish Americans to sign a "  loyalty oath " to the United States as was proposed for Palestinians and other non-Jewish citizens of Israel  . However , the majority 's attempt to further entrench institutionalized racism and deny the rights of indigenous Palestinians has achieved frightening momentum . The controversial "  Jewish Nation-State Bill " that previously floundered in the Knesset has been resurrected . The bill , if passed , would codify the principle of preserving a Jewish ethnic majority . There are versions of it that establish Hebrew as the sole official language and recognize Jewish religious law as a "  source of inspiration for the Knesset . " Even Israel 's Supreme Court has come under attack in recent years for occasionally defending minority rights , which some view as a threat to the legal privileges afforded its Jewish citizens . In response , the government changed the Supreme Court 's composition to tilt it further to the right . Today , the sole Arab Supreme Court justice , Salim Jubran , very often serves as a dissenting voice in judgments where the court favors legislation demeaning to Israel 's Palestinian citizens . Opinion : How Obama handed Netanyahu victory The 2011 Admissions Committees Law -- upheld in 2014 by the more conservative Supreme Court , which includes the first Israeli settler jurist -- allows hundreds of localities in Israel to essentially reject applicants seeking to buy homes built on state land because the applicants are deemed "  unsuitable . " The law caused an outcry among Palestinian citizens and human rights groups , who assert that it 's simply a thinly disguised effort to discriminate against Israeli citizens on the basis of ethnicity . Simply put , the law enforces segregation within Israel , helping to keep Palestinian citizens out of Jewish communities . Attempts to marginalize Palestinian citizens of Israel also extend to the political sphere . Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman 's successful push to raise the threshold required to win seats in the Knesset was a move designed to exclude Palestinian lawmakers . Ironically , that move backfired , prompting four Arab parties to create the Arab Joint List , whose members span a wide ideological spectrum . Despite their political differences , they were united by one important mission , and that was to defend the rights of Palestinians , whether they reside within Israel or in the occupied territories . The Joint List won 13 seats and took third place in the parliamentary election . While their unity and strong showing is encouraging in the face of Israeli efforts to divide and weaken the Palestinian community , the fact that they were forced to unite on the basis of ethnicity rather than ideology is a reflection of Israeli politics , which draws boundaries among its citizens on the basis of ethnicity and religion and openly participates in ugly , xenophobic electioneering . Opinion : Will Netanyahu win seal Iran deal ? The Greek philosopher Aristotle once said that the essence of democracy is "  to rule and be ruled in turn , " but as Hassan Jabareen , head of Adalah : The Legal Center for Minority Rights in Israel , puts it , in Israel , "  Arabs are always ruled and Arab citizens are always in the opposition , never in the coalition , no matter how many seats they win . " It is very telling that Netanyahu could well form his coalition with Avigdor Lieberman , who called for beheading disloyal Arab citizens of Israel and whose party Yisrael Beiteinu only won six seats in the Knesset , and not with the Arab Joint List , which won more than twice as many seats and is calling for equality and an end to Israel 's military occupation of Palestinian lands , which has lasted nearly half a century . If Netanyahu 's re-election is an ill omen for the Palestinian citizens of Israel , it is even worse news for the 4.5 million Palestinians under occupation who are ruled by a state that denies them all rights . When Netanyahu said on the eve of the election that he would not allow the creation of a Palestinian state , he was making it clear that the occupation will continue as long as he remains in power . Opinion : The danger of Netanyahu 's win Renouncing Palestinian statehood rallied Netanyahu 's base by reminding them of how much he has done to preserve and extend Israel 's grip on its West Bank settlements , built in violation of international law and considered illegitimate by official U.S. policy going back decades . In fact , blocking the creation of a Palestinian state has been Netanyahu 's life 's work . Over the years , he has rhetorically "  accepted " Palestinian statehood while continuing to steal the very land that would comprise a Palestinian state . The lip service he has paid to Palestinian statehood and his desire to return to the bankrupt "  peace process " has provided him with a useful smokescreen behind which he continues to actively realize the vision he revealed in his recent political campaign when he ruled out a two-state solution -- a vision of a greater Israel where Palestinians live under apartheid rule , without a state and without equal rights The policies that Israel 's electorate has chosen are directly at odds with U.S. interests , not to mention American values . Citizens around the world , including in the United States , are increasingly frustrated with Israel 's treatment of Palestinians and its role in helping to fuel armed conflict in the region , as demonstrated by its current effort to scuttle U.S.-Iran nuclear talks . Netanyahu is expecting to attempt to resume business as usual with Washington , offering occasional platitudes about peace in exchange for the freedom to deepen the occupation and strip away the rights of Israel 's Palestinian citizens . Given what is at stake , it will be dangerous for America -- and for Israel -- if President Obama plays along .	Rula Jebreal : Netanyahu showed his views during the closing days of the campaign She says he favors policies that deny Israel 's Arab citizens equal rights
CNN  -- Frostbite has forced British adventurer Ranulph Fiennes to quit his attempt to cross the Antarctic in winter -- a challenge his team regarded as the coldest journey on earth . Tony Medniuk , the chairman of the expedition , said Fiennes ' hand was frostbitten when he had to fix a loose ski binding with his bare hands in temperatures of around minus 30 degrees Celsius  minus 22 degrees Fahrenheit  . "  It is the last remaining great polar challenge , " Medniuk told CNN . "  He was going to be on skis , in specially adapted clothing to withstand the temperatures , so that he would be the first person to actually ski across the Antarctic in winter . " Fiennes ' evacuation has been delayed by a blizzard but he is expected to be transported by skidoo to the Princess Elisabeth Station about 70 kilometers  44 miles  away from his current position . From there he will be flown to Novo to get a connecting flight to Cape Town . The other five members of the expedition will continue the journey without Fiennes as their leader , Medniuk said . They plan to travel almost 4,000 kilometers  2,485 miles  through icy wilderness mostly in complete darkness and in temperatures as low as minus 90 degrees Celsius . The journey is expected to take six months . A Norwegian team recently completed a winter crossing of the Arctic but this is the first attempt to traverse the Antarctic . Fiennes has previously been the first person to reach both the North and South Poles by land and the first to cross Antarctica on foot . The team set sail from London in December and were building a base camp and supply depot inland from Crown Bay when Fiennes developed the case of frostbite . They are due to begin the polar crossing as scheduled on March 21 . Before his latest adventure , 68-year-old Fiennes described polar exploration as a drug or addiction . "  Once you get bitten by polar records , you keep going for it , " he told CNN . First woman to cross Antarctic solo : I 've never felt so alone Fiennes , who lost five fingers to frostbite on a previous expedition and also suffered heart problems during an attempt to climb Mt Everest , was sanguine about the risks of this adventure . "  I do n't think about not coming back , because I mean , more people get killed on the roads here -LSB- London -RSB- than they do in Antarctica . I mean , I had a massive heart attack reading a magazine on an airplane . You do n't need to go to Antarctica to pop it . " The expedition also aims to collect data on how climate change is affecting the Antarctic icecap in winter and raise $ 10 million for the blindness charity Seeing is Believing . Adventurers recreate ` greatest survival story ' of the Antarctic CNN 's Becky Anderson and journalist Tom Levitt in London contributed to this report	Ranulph Fiennes pulls out of attempt to cross the Antarctic in winter British adventurer suffers frostbite after trying to fix a ski binding The expedition viewed as last great polar challenge Rest of team will continue on 4,000 km journey without Fiennes
CNN  -- When a couple left scathing comments on a travel review website that a hotel in northern England they had stayed at was a "  filthy , dirty rotten stinking hovel , " they thought no more about it . But Tony and Jan Jenkinson were shocked later to see an extra  # 100  $ 156  added to their credit card bill . On investigating the couple found they had been fined by Broadway Hotel in the seaside resort of Blackpool , which reportedly told them its policy was to charge guests who had left bad reviews . The pair , from Whitehaven in Cumbria , wrote on TripAdvisor they chose the hotel because it had "  ample parking , " but the car park was so full they had to park at a nearby hotel . Jenkinson , 63 , said he "  could n't believe the state of the room , " which cost  # 36  $ 56  a night . "  The hot tap did n't work , when we reported it we were told they knew about it and it would be fixed in the morning  we were only there for one night . "  The drawer fronts fell off when we opened the chest of drawers . Again , they knew about this and it was supposed to be dealt with in the morning . " "  The wallpaper was peeling off the walls , the carpet was thin , dirty and stained . The bed was something else , it must have come out of the ark , the base was all scuffed and dirty and the springs in the mattress attacked you in the night . " Jenkinson complained about the fine to local trading standards officers , who passed the complaint on to Blackpool Council . Gillian Campbell , cabinet member responsible for public protection , said : "  Our trading standards team became aware of this issue last week . As a result , we have spoken to the hotel owner and asked for the policy to be removed , which has now happened . " "  This is a unique case and not one that we have come across before . " Jenkinson told the BBC he would fight to get his money refunded , adding : "  Annoyed is n't strong enough for how I feel about this , what happened to freedom of speech ? "  Everybody we have spoken to says they  the hotel  are not allowed to do this . " CNN was unable to contact the manager of the hotel for comment . In a statement , TripAdvisor said it deplored the practice of fining its users . "  While thankfully such instances are very rare , it is completely against the spirit and policies of our site for any business owner to attempt to bully or intimidate reviewers who have had a negative experience . "  Where we find evidence of a business doing so , we will take action to protect the integrity of our site . "	Hotel in northern England fines guest who left bad review on website Tony Jenkinson said he "  could n't believe the state of the room " He complained about the fine to local trading standards officers , who intervened TripAdvisor said it deplored the practice of fining its users
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- He has not formally appeared in public for years , and recently he 's been battling illness inside a Pretoria hospital . But former South African president Nelson Mandela is still a beloved icon across the world , an international symbol of courage , strength and hope . The 95-year-old Nobel laureate is also one of the world 's most recognizable figures . More than just a man , he has become a global brand -- one that 's estimated to be worth millions of dollars . Ever since Mandela was released from prison , where he had endured 27 years for fighting apartheid , many South Africans have felt like they 'd like to "  own " a little piece of him . As a result , the smiling image of Madiba , as Mandela is affectionately referred to by South Africans , has been emblazoned on all sorts of memorabilia , items that are usually not associated with his legacy -- everything from t-shirts and place mats to banknotes and even salt and pepper shakers . Read this : Mandela posters mark 95th birthday Some members of Mandela 's own family have also been accused of cashing in on the anti-apartheid icon 's legacy , using the world-renowned name for business ventures such as a collection of wines , called the "  House of Mandela , " or a clothing range branded with his prison number or an image of his hand . More recently , two of his granddaughters -- Zaziwe Dlamini-Manaway and Swati Dlamini -- starred in their own reality TV series , "  Being Mandela , " in which the family showed some of the Mandela-branded products . In answer to critics accusing them of tarnishing the Mandela name , his granddaughters say it 's their name too , and that they are treating it with respect and integrity . "  You ca n't tell people how not to celebrate their father , or grandfather , or great grandfather , because they are using their own name , " says Sello Hatang , head of the Nelson Mandela Center of Memory , which Mandela founded to continue his work after he retired . "  It would be arrogant ... to say you ca n't use your name so it 's ensuring that we stick to what we believe is the legacy , " he continues . Speaking to CNN earlier this year , Mandela 's daughter Maki , who is behind the wine brand , said that using the family name is important because it promotes South Africa , as well as a good product . She added that her father had told her : "  If you use the name either for commercial or charitable or political  purposes  , use it with a lot of integrity and responsibility . " In photos : Global tributes to Nelson Mandela But how can Mandela 's legacy and values be balanced with the commercial potential of his image ? Hatang says that when Mandela 's name was used by Viagra without permission , there was a public backlash . "  When Madiba was turning 90 , they put up their own ad saying , ` Madiba turns 90 , Viagra turns 10 , ' " explains Hatang . "  And it was members of the public who objected , so it tells you that the legacy of Mandela is not just being preserved by us but it 's being preserved and protected by many others . " Watch this : Turning Mandela 's life into a blockbuster While it 's still unclear exactly who will control the "  Mandela Brand " in the years to come , the way Madiba 's legacy and image endures seems to depend on all those who have a stake in it -- from his family and his party , the African National Congress , to the people of South Africa . Those who know him say he is comfortable with that , never prescribing how he should be honored . "  We tend to not want to recognize Madiba as a brand , " says Hatang . "  He represents something in humanity that we should all have . It 's that thing that 's special in each one of us , where we need to reach deep to find it , " he adds .	Nelson Mandela is recognized as a global "  brand " Mandela name has been used to launch collection of wines and clothing products Two of his granddaughters starred in reality TV show "  Being Mandela " Some of his relatives have been accused of tarnishing his image
