House Speaker John Boehner said Friday he has sued the Obama Administration in federal court over its decisions to make changes to the President 's health care law , which congressional Republicans argue were unconstitutional . The move was expected for months -- the GOP-controlled House of Representatives voted to approve the lawsuit in July . But Boehner had trouble retaining a law firm that would take the case because of the political furor over the controversial health care law . "  Time after time , the President has chosen to ignore the will of the American people and re-write federal law on his own without a vote of Congress . That 's not the way our system of government was designed to work , " Boehner said in statement on Friday . He added , "  if this President can get away with making his own laws , future presidents will have the ability to as well . The House has an obligation to stand up for the Constitution , and that is exactly why we are pursuing this course of action . " News of the lawsuit came just minutes after Boehner held a press conference on Friday to respond to the President 's plan to circumvent Congress in order to make sweeping changes to the nation 's immigration system by executive order . The one-two punch from Boehner marks a new era of tension between Republicans who will officially take over Congress in January , and the President who has signaled that despite his party 's losses in the midterms , he plans to proceed with his agenda without GOP cooperation . After two Washington firms pulled out of commitments to represent the House in recent months , Boehner hired George Washington law professor Jonathan Turley earlier this week . Turley is an expert on constitutional law and has appeared on multiple television networks as a legal analyst . Boehner and other top congressional Republican leaders are also contemplating a filing a separate lawsuit challenging the president 's authority to take executive action to give 5 million immigrants temporary status . RELATED : Boehner hires third lawyer to sue Obama The Obamacare complaint cites two specific actions by the Obama Administration regarding the implementation of the health care law . The first zeroes in on the decision to delay for one year the requirement that employers with over 50 employees provide health care coverage or pay penalties . The second maintains it was illegal for the Treasury Department to transfer of billions of dollars that Congress has not approved to insurance companies to share the costs of providing new health plans . The case , filed in U.S. District court for the District of Columbia , names both the Secretaries of the Health and Human Services and the Treasury Departments , but not the President personally . House Republicans agreed that Obamacare 's so-called "  employer mandate " should be postponed . The House passed a bill last summer to do so , but GOP members maintain that the president 's decision to act unilaterally on the delay circumvented Congress ' role to pass laws . Under the Affordable Care Act insurance companies who provide health care coverage to new customers are eligible for receive money from a government cost-sharing program to offer discounted deductibles and co-payments . But Congress never approved any new funds for this purpose , and the suit says that an estimated $ 3 billion will be paid out by the Treasury Department in 2014 is an illegal action . If Treasury continues to pay out money for this cost-sharing program a total of $ 178 billion could be paid to insurance companies over the next 10 years . The Republican lawsuit argues this ignores Congress ' power of the purse under the Constitution . RELATED : Oops ! Obamacare enrollment stats fudged The White House dismissed the lawsuit in a statement shortly after its announcement . "  Instead of passing legislation to help expand the middle class and grow the economy , Speaker Boehner and House Republicans are spending hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars pursuing a lawsuit that is without any sound legal basis , " said White House spokeswoman Brandi Hoffine . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi called the case "  meritless " on Friday . "  The fact is , this lawsuit is a bald-faced attempt to achieve what Republicans have been unable to achieve through the political process . The legislative branch can not sue simply because they disagree with the way a law passed by a different Congress has been implemented . It is clear , as one leading legal scholar put it , that this lawsuit is ` an embarrassing loser , ' " Pelosi said in a written statement . Some constitutional experts question whether the court will actually move forward with the case from House Republicans , and point out that it could be difficult to demonstrate that the Congress was damaged as an institution by the Administration 's actions . The U.S. Supreme Court already announced this month that it was reviewing a separate legal challenge to Obamacare -- one focused on tax credits for those buying health care coverage on the federal insurance exchange . On immigration , Boehner said that Congress "  will not stand idle as the President undermines the rule of law , " but gave no specifics on how congressional Republicans would respond to the President 's executive action . Boehner told reporters that by moving ahead with unilateral action , the president chose to "  deliberately sabotage any chance of enacting bipartisan reform that he claims to seek . " In a less than five minute press conference on Capitol Hill , the Speaker said he told the President on Thursday "  he 's damaging the presidency itself . " Pressed if congressional Republicans would try to block the president 's executive actions by moving legislation to strip funding from federal agencies , Boehner sidestepped the question and instead said he was reviewing various actions with his members . "  The House will in fact act , " the Speaker promised . Due to deep divisions inside the House GOP conference there is no consensus yet on how to try to block the president 's plan . Many conservatives want to attach a provision to a must pass spending bill to strip funding for federal agencies to carry out the president 's plan . But the chairman of the spending panel argues that is impossible because the customs agency is self-funded through fees and does n't need congressional appropriations . And many Republicans on Capitol Hill worry another fight on a spending bill will lead to another government shutdown . Others are pushing to sue the president , or vote on censuring him . The clock is ticking for Boehner -- government agencies run out of money on Dec. 11 .	Boehner announced Friday his plans to sue the President over his health care law The news came right after Boehner criticized President Barack Obama 's immigration plans
"  We 're on the brink of creating Big Marijuana . " That warning comes from my friend Kevin Sabet , a former senior adviser on drug control policy under President Barack Obama . Sabet now heads Smart Approaches to Marijuana , an anti-legalization group on whose board I sit . At the end of August , the administration that Sabet served announced a retreat on marijuana policy . It will allow the states of Washington and Colorado to proceed with the legal retailing of marijuana . And it will get out of the way of the approximately 20 states that allow so-called medical marijuana . With a referendum on marijuana scheduled in 2014 in Alaska and action likely in coming years in California , Maine , Massachusetts , Nevada and Oregon , half the states in the union may soon allow the sale of marijuana to almost anybody determined to buy it . To understand where the marijuana debate is going , it 's important to appreciate that "  medical marijuana " is a laughable fiction . In California , the typical user of so-called medical marijuana is a 32-year-old white man with no life-threatening illness but a long record of substance abuse . Under Colorado 's now-superseded medical marijuana regime , only 2 % of those prescribed marijuana suffered from cancer , and only 1 % from HIV/AIDS . Some 94 % cited unspecified "  pain " as the justification for their pot prescription . False patients find unscrupulous doctors : in Oregon , only 10 practitioners write the majority of all marijuana prescriptions in the state . When a TV crew visited a marijuana dispensary in Los Angeles last year , they met for five minutes with a man who turned out to be licensed as an acupuncturist and were then handed a prescription signed by a doctor they never met . Sanjay Gupta : Why I changed my mind on weed Where marijuana is allowed to be sold , somebody will sell it . As Sabet warns , the marijuana industry of the future is already taking form . In March of this year , Fortune magazine devoted its prestigious cover to the Arcview Group , an investor group seeking to capitalize on the emerging marijuana market . Warren Buffett famously explained the economics of tobacco : "  It costs a penny to make . Sell it for a dollar . Plus , it 's addictive ! " Alcohol conforms to the same ugly logic . Half of all the alcohol consumed in the United States is consumed by underage and excessive drinkers . As one industry observer has bitterly remarked : "  Regardless of its public stance , the industry considers underage and excessive drinking to be profit centers that need nurturing , rather than problems that need solving . " Sabet foresees that the emerging marijuana industry will target the same populations as are targeted by the tobacco and alcohol industries -- young people and racial minorities -- and for the same reason : secure and contented people do n't tend to be heavy consumers of psychoactive substances . Sabet has laid out a better vision of an effective national drug control policy in his new book , "  Reefer Sanity . " Sabet 's message eschews punishment in favor of treatment ; it replaces condemnation with compassion . But it understands the difference between compassion and credulity . Nobody ever helped a troubled person by accepting lies at face value . "  Reefer Sanity " debunks seven myths about marijuana , beginning with the biggest myth of all : that this drug is harmless and nonaddictive . It 's a message that is all the more timely in the face of last week 's report by the Department of Health and Human Services that regular marijuana use surged over the half-decade from 2007 to 2012 . "  Reefer Sanity " is the best explication I 've seen of the errors on which the case for marijuana legalization has been built . It 's a book that every concerned parent should read -- and that every advocate of legalization should be challenged to answer .	David Frum : In August , the Obama administration retreated on marijuana policy Frum : It 's important to appreciate that "  medical marijuana " is a laughable fiction He says the emerging marijuana industry will target young people and minorities Frum : It is a myth that marijuana is harmless and nonaddictive ; we need better policy
CNN  -- India tied the three-Test series with Sri Lanka after V.V.S. Laxman overcame back problems to score an unbeaten century on the final day of the deciding match in Colombo to seal a five-wicket victory . Set 257 to win , the top-ranked tourists made it home comfortably following a fourth-wicket partnership of 109 between Laxman and veteran batsman Sachin Tendulkar , with Suresh Raina 's 41 off 45 balls completing a fine turnaround . Laxman followed up his first-innings 56 as he ended the match unbeaten on 103 from 149 balls , scoring his 16th Test ton despite needing the help of a runner . "  He proved today why he is called very , very special , " Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni told reporters . "  He always comes up with innings that have a huge bearing on the game . "  It was very important for him to score runs as the team needed it most to level the series . I think it is a very special innings . Hopefully , he plays plenty more innings like this for us . " Laxman , a veteran of 113 Tests , said he had struggled to keep momentum due to his back pain . "  I started my innings well , but during the partnership I had a lot of discomfort and the spasms did n't allow me to move freely . Once I was into my 30s it became very painful , " he said . "  It was difficult . You do n't want to create confusion and also not break the rhythm . If you see , Sachin got out once I took the runner . But I was in such pain that I thought that the best decision in team 's interest was to have a runner instead of just giving away the wicket due to pain . " Sri Lanka captain Kumar Sangakkara said the turning point was when his side were bowled out for 267 in their second innings the previous day . "  If we had just tried to bat till lunch , the ball would have got softer and we could have scored a lot more runs . But unfortunately , we played some poor strokes , " he said . "  Otherwise we could have batted out the day and put the heavy roller on today and declared . " Resuming on 53-3 in their second innings on Saturday , India soon lost nightwatchman Ishant Sharma for four as off-spinner Suraj Randiv claimed his fourth wicket . But Laxman joined Tendulkar , who made a patient 54 off 122 balls -- his 56th half-century in his record 169th Test appearance -- before also falling to Randiv at 171-5 . Tendulkar had been dropped by a close fielder when on 18 also off Randiv , who claimed his first five-wicket haul in just his second outing after coming in to replace retired world record-holder Muttiah Muralitharan . Raina , who scored 120 on debut in the previous drawn Test , hit the winning runs with a six off Chanaka Welegedara just before the scheduled tea break . Meanwhile , Pakistan reached 19-1 at stumps of the second day of the second Test against England , having bowled out the hosts for 251 in Birmingham . Pakistan , all out for a paltry 72 in their first innings , are still 160 runs away from making England bat again at Edgbaston . The hosts resumed on 112-2 on Saturday , but spinner Saeed Ajmal took his first five-wicket haul to restrict the deficit . However , Pakistan 's bowling options were hit when seamer Umar Gul was ruled out of the rest of the match with a torn hamstring . Kevin Pietersen returned to form with 80 , but had a lucky escape on 41 when he was given not out in bizarre circumstances . The South Africa-born batsman pulled away from the crease just before Mohammad Asif was about to deliver the ball , signaling he had been distracted by movement behind the bowler . But then he offered a shot after all and chipped a catch to Pakistan captain Salman Butt , who could not persuade umpire Marais Erasmus to change his decision of "  dead ball . " James Anderson later took his fifth wicket of the match as Butt went without scoring .	V.V.S. Laxman scores unbeaten 103 to guide India to a five-wicket victory Laxman notches his 16th Test century after adding 109 with Sachin Tendulkar  54 Sri Lanka had reduced India to 61-4 in pursuit of 257 to win on final day of third Test Pakistan restrict England to 251 in first innings , then end second day on 19-1
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States is keeping a close eye on Pakistan after this week 's Taliban surge into the Buner district brought them just 60 miles from the capital , Islamabad . A Taliban fighter in the district of Buner , which is only 96 kilometers from Islamabad . A Pakistani government official said Friday that the insurgents had completely withdrawn from the district by the end of the week , but a human rights group said people in Buner were reporting that local Taliban remained in the district . And senior U.S. officials cautioned that any withdrawal by the Taliban was likely meaningless and that the fundamentalist group now holds large areas of the country with the government seemingly unable to stop them . "  We 're certainly moving closer to the tipping point , " Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff said on NBC 's "  Today " show Friday . In the interview from Afghanistan , Mullen said he was "  extremely concerned " about indications the Taliban is moving closer to Pakistan 's capital of Islamabad . Syed Mohammed Javed , commissioner of the Malakand Division that includes Buner , said the Taliban withdrew on Friday without any conditions . Earlier in the day , Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan told CNN that the militants would pull back from the district . Pakistani Express TV showed live footage of armed and masked Taliban militants in Buner , loading pickup trucks and driving away . Sufi Muhammed , an Islamist fundamentalist leader who has been negotiating on behalf of the Taliban , was on scene overseeing the withdrawal , police said . U.S. military commander Gen. David Petraeus credited about 300 Pakistan 's Frontier Corps with driving Taliban militants out of Buner . The U.S. Central Command chief spoke to CNN on Friday after testifying before a Congressional panel about the need for the United States to boost its support for Pakistani counterinsurgency troops such as the Frontier Corps . But Amnesty International 's regional chief said people in Buner are reporting a different situation . "  What we 're hearing from people in Buner ... is that the Taliban that have moved out are the non-local ones , " Sam Zarifi , Amnesty 's Asia Pacific director , told CNN . "  So the local branch of the Taliban are still in place in Buner . " Amnesty International is concerned that those local Taliban will continue to enforce the Taliban 's "  abusive and repressive " control of Buner . Girls over the age of 7 are forced to wear a burka , a head-to-toe covering that the Taliban say is required of Muslims under its radical interpretation of Islamic law , or sharia . "  I think we 're going to see those harsh edicts stay , " Zarifi said . The Taliban installed strict Islamic law when it took over Afghanistan after a two-year fight with warlords , many of whom surrendered without a fight . They fought with a coalition of some of those warlords known as the Northern Alliance from 1996 until U.S. forces , seeking the leadership of al Qaeda after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , added bombing raids to Northern Alliance ground operations and successfully drove the Taliban out of most of Afghanistan . iReport : Should the U.S. intercede in Pakistan ? But the Taliban regrouped in 2004 , launching a guerrilla war against the Afghan government while operating from the tribal areas of that country and Pakistan . Meanwhile , senior U.S. officials said that the "  retreat " was likely meaningless . Control was the impetus behind the Taliban move into Buner , and the fundamentalist group now controls large areas of Pakistan , they said . The officials said , however , that they did not believe the Taliban 's goal was to take over the government of Pakistan but rather to create instability by taking advantage of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari 's apparent inability to cope with the situation . Zardari , they said , does not understand the gravity of the situation , remains distracted by domestic politics and appears unable to make critical decisions to deploy the army to stabilize the country . State Department envoy Richard Holbrooke has been on the phone "  nonstop " with officials in Islamabad and Washington , the officials said , providing frequent information to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama . Holbrooke 's read on the situation , officials familiar with the conversation said , is that the Pakistani government does not know how to handle the situation and is looking to the United States for direction . A senior military official , however , presented a more dire case . Pakistan is "  rapidly deteriorating , " he said . He said that he could not rule out the possibility of a military takeover in Islamabad , although he added that such a prospect was not in the immediate future . As for Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal , he said the weapons "  are safe for now " but that the United States is monitoring the safety systems in place . Administration officials said that the Pakistani military had assured the United States it would not act without an express order from the civilian leadership . Earlier this week , Clinton warned that nuclear-armed Pakistan was in danger of falling into terrorist hands . Before the Taliban 's apparent withdrawal Friday , a local Pakistani official expressed doubt about whether the militants would leave , as they pledged to local elders on Thursday . "  Nobody can trust them , " Sardar Hussain Babik , the provincial education minister , said by phone from Buner . The Taliban have broken promises before and probably would do so again , he said . Militants who swarmed into Buner subsequently locked up courthouses , seized court documents and battled Pakistani troops who were sent to protect residents . The militants said they took control of the district to ensure that Islamic law was properly imposed . The Pakistani government called the land grab a breach of a recent peace agreement . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Ivan Watson , Tricia Escobedo and Samson Desta contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan situation "  rapidly deteriorating , " says senior U.S. military official NEW : U.S. officials : Any Taliban withdrawal from Pakistani territory likely meaningless NEW : Fundamentalists hold large areas of the country , military officials say Pakistan had reported Taliban withdrawal from captured district 60 miles from capital
CNN  -- A 10-year-old Ohio boy was taken into custody after police suspected that he shot and killed his mother with .22 - caliber rifle , police said . The body of Deborah L. McVay , 46 , was found on Sunday lying face down on her living room floor in Holmesville , Ohio , some 75 miles south of Cleveland , according to Holmes County Sheriff Tim Zimmerly . McVay was apparently killed by a single gunshot wound to the head , Zimmerly said in a statement on Monday . She was pronounced dead at the scene by emergency personnel . McVay 's son was later brought into custody after he allegedly asked a neighbor for help , telling the neighbor that he had just shot his mother , the statement said . Defense attorney Andrew Hyde said he entered a denial that the boy purposely killed his mother , allowing him time to investigate the incident . "  He is very emotional at this time , " Hyde said . "  I think he is still struggling to accept that this happened and his mother died . " The boy is being held at Richland County Juvenile Detention as police investigate the shooting , the statement said .	A 10-year-old boy was taken into custody after police suspect he killed his mother Deborah L. McVay , 46 , was found face down on her living room floor in Holmesville , Ohio The boy 's attorney said he entered a denial that the boy purposely killed his mother
CNN  Two UK Royal Air Force jets intercepted a pair of Russian aircraft flying near British airspace this week , the British Defence Ministry said Thursday , marking the latest in what NATO has said is an increase in Russian military flights near alliance members ' territory . The British Typhoon jets intercepted the Russian aircraft Wednesday over international waters near Cornwall , in southwestern England , a ministry representative said Thursday . "  The Russian planes were escorted by the RAF until they were out of the UK area of interest . At no time did the Russian military aircraft cross into UK sovereign airspace , " the representative said . The Defence Ministry did n't specify what type of aircraft the Russians were flying . In November , NATO said its members ' jets had been scrambled more than 400 times in 2014 to intercept Russian military flights close to members ' territories -- a 50 % increase over the previous year . The increase harkens back to the days of the Cold War , NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said November 20 during a visit to NATO member Estonia . In a November report , the European Leadership Network listed more than 40 "  close military encounters between Russia and the West " in the eight months from March to October . Three of those -- including a near collision between a Russian military plane and a Swedish passenger aircraft carrying 132 people -- were classified as "  high-risk " incidents that could have led to direct military confrontation between Russia and the West , according to the report , titled "  Dangerous Brinksmanship . " UK jets intercepted more than 100 Russian aircraft last year , according to the British Defence Ministry .	UK : Russian military planes were flying in international waters near Cornwall Russian aircraft did n't cross into British airspace , UK Defence Ministry says
CNN  -- The only scene I really loved in "  Star Trek : The Voyage Home " was when Scotty tried speaking verbal commands to a Macintosh Plus . Keyboards always seem to get in the way of doing what I want to do -- and nowhere is this as apparent , or frustrating , as on smartphones and tablets . With the recent launch of the iPhone 4S , Apple 's not-really-new voice recognition system Siri has been getting a lot of attention . Yet it took the India-based software company Dexetra just eight hours to create the initial version of Iris -- a blatant Android knockoff of Siri . Even the name "  Iris , " which is the reverse of "  Siri , " stands for "  Intelligent Rival Imitator of Siri " according to Dexetra 's blog .  And yes , I 'm just waiting for the trademark suit from Apple . Granted , Dexetra was n't starting completely from scratch . This company had already been working on natural language processing and machine learning -- two notably thorny , complex technologies -- for more than a year . A few days later , Dexetra made an improved version of Iris available as a free app in Google 's Android Market and as of this writing it has been installed more than 50,000 times . I put Iris on my Android phone this weekend , and it 's amusing . For instance , here 's a discussion I had with Iris yesterday : Me : "  What time is the John Scofield concert at Yoshi 's Jazz Club in Oakland tonight ? " Iris : "  I have no idea . " Me : "  Who is John Scofield ? " Iris : "  John Scofield , born 1951 , the musician . "  Shows a photo of Scofield performing . Me : "  Where is Yoshi 's , Oakland ? " Iris : "  Right now being pulled in by a black hole . " So Iris is about as entertaining as Siri seems to be .  I do n't own an iPhone , but for comparison I 've been checking out the STSS Tumblr blog , a crowdsourced collection of weird and wonderful wisdom from Siri . Still , neither Iris nor Siri seems very useful so far . Fortunately , there are better voice control options on both the iPhone and Android handsets than either Siri or Iris . And they 've been around for a while . For some time the Android mobile operating system has had pretty well integrated speech-to-text functionality  Google Voice Actions  . I use this often for texting , searching , navigating and e-mailing on the go . Also , whenever I bring up a keyboard in any Android app , there 's a microphone option for voice entry . Generally it recognizes pretty well what I want to say or do . If Android guesses wrong , I can use the keyboard to correct it , and it does seem to learn over time . Then there is Vlingo , a voice control app for all the major smartphone platforms . I 've tried it , and for some tasks it works reasonably well . On the iPhone , Siri does integrate with some of Apple 's own productivity tools  such as the calendar  . But as my CNN.com colleague Mark Milian pointed out , Siri ca n't yet execute many basic commands like taking a picture . Most importantly , Siri does n't integrate with any third-party iOS apps , such as Shazam or Tweetdeck . Given Apple 's closed iOS ecosystem , it 's an open question whether such integration will ever happen . Besides Siri , there are other iOS apps and tools that provide some voice control . ExtremeTech recently published a list . Such baby steps are important -- but on any mobile platform , we 're still a long , long way from phones that you can just talk to and they 'll do what you say . This is frustrating from the consumer perspective . Smartphones are , first and foremost , phones . They 're supposed to be for talking . Typing on any mobile device , through a physical or virtual keyboard , is a chore . That 's why QR codes are getting popular -- they eliminate the need to type on a mobile device . The challenge of typing on handheld devices is exactly why the kind of voice control Scotty expected is such an alluring and intuitive idea . Eventually we 'll probably get there . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Android has had pretty well integrated speech-to-text functionality It took software company Dexetra just eight hours to create the initial version of Iris A blatant Android knockoff of Siri -- "  Iris " is the reverse of "  Siri "
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- Wednesday 's convention programming followed Tuesday 's standard script : red meat for the base in the early hours , capped off with a slightly sweeter offering in prime time for independent consumption . But there was nothing routine about Bill Clinton 's speech . The 48-minute address -- nearly 3,200 words of prepared text and a thousand more of classic Clinton riffs -- checked off nearly every item on the Obama campaign 's wish list : • Appeal to the persuadable who cite bipartisanship as a key quality : Clinton praised Eisenhower . He quoted Reagan . He even got an arena-full of loyal Democrats to cheer George W. Bush . Gergen : Now it 's up to Obama "  Through my foundation , in America and around the world , I work with Democrats , Republicans and independents who are focused on solving problems and seizing opportunities , not fighting each other , " Clinton said . "  When times are tough , constant conflict may be good politics but in the real world , cooperation works better . " • Re-frame Romney without alienating bipartisanship-worshipping swing voters : Heading into Wednesday , Clinton 's presidential record and his assessment of Romney had played a starring role in campaign ads ... for the Republican nominee . Both members of the GOP ticket have maximized that advantage by singing Clinton 's praises on the trail . But the risk for Romney had been that in highlighting and praising Clinton 's judgment , he invested in it a legitimacy that gave Clinton 's attacks Wednesday even more potency . Clinton 's toughest punches came wrapped in silk gloves ; his most brutal critiques were paired with a side of smiles , jokes and ad libs -- the sort of delivery that allows an attack line to resonate far beyond the base . Hillary Clinton in Asia , misses husband 's speech • Push back on the GOP 's welfare attack : Despite near-universal pans from fact-checkers who have repeatedly found the claim that Obama has gutted the work requirement for welfare a false one , Republican and Democratic consultants alike had concluded Romney campaign 's summer push on that front had begun paying real dividends . Enter the man who signed the original 1996 welfare reform bill into law . "  This is personal to me , " Clinton said . " ... But I am telling you the claim that President Obama weakened welfare reform 's work requirement is just not true . But they keep on running ads claiming it . You want to know why ? Their campaign pollster said , ` We are not going to let our campaign be dictated by fact-checkers . ' " The Romney campaign made a gamble with its Clinton praise . Wednesday was a case study in the inherent pitfalls of that sort of approach . • Cast Obama as his ideological heir and most likely to bring back the Clinton boom years : Clinton acknowledged the sluggish recovery but drew a direct parallel to his own presidency : "  I experienced the same thing in 1994 and early 1995 . Our policies were working and the economy was growing but most people did n't feel it yet , " he said . "  By 1996 , the economy was roaring , halfway through the longest peacetime expansion in American history . " Obama was starting with a much weaker economy , he said -- and "  no president " could repair the damage in a single term . "  But he has the foundation for a new modern , successful economy of prosperity . If you renew the president 's contract , you will feel it . You will feel it . " In other words : an Obama second-term economy would look a lot like mine . Obama has used some variation of that theme in his stump speech for months . But Clinton was able to draw a straighter line between their records . Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos dubbed it "  the moment that probably re-elected Barack Obama . " Obama to speak after forceful Clinton endorsement	Ex-president 's 48-minute speech , much of it ad-libbed , was classic Clinton Clinton promoted the value of bipartisanship in getting things done in the real world He was able to re-frame Romney without alienating swing voters
CNN  -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher made an impressive return to Formula One in the first day of official testing for 2010 in Spain on Monday -- but was upstaged by another driver making his comeback , Ferrari 's Felipe Massa . Schumacher , who has ended a three-year retirement to drive for Ross Brawn 's new Mercedes team , was third quickest behind Massa and BMW Sauber 's new signing Pedro De La Rosa . The 41-year-old German took over from Nico Rosberg with about an hour and a half of the Valencia session remaining , and ended up posting a time more than a second faster than his younger teammate . "  It was a perfect rollout for the new car today . I felt totally comfortable and really had a feeling that everything was very natural , " Schumacher told his official Web site . "  It felt just like at the very beginning of my career in 1991 when on the first lap , I thought wow that was really fast , and then on the second lap , I was extremely excited . I feel just like a young boy again and really enjoyed myself . "  We did a good job today , making a few control checks , and the most important thing was that the car ran reliably . With Nico and I covering 79 laps today , it was a superb job by the team . " Rosberg , who drove for Williams last year before Mercedes took over world champions Brawn and signed the German , completed 39 laps and Schumacher was on the track for 40 , according to Web site autosport.com . "  For me , to have him here is a great thing , fantastic , " Rosberg told reporters about his alliance with Schumacher . "  It has given me a little bit of extra motivation . "  My relationship with him is very good . I get on well with him . We respect each other and I think we will be great teammates . There will be a few things I 'll be able to pick up from him as he is one of the best that has ever driven . " Massa was back behind the wheel of a Formula One car in a public session for the first time since his accident in Hungary in July , which left him needing life-saving skull surgery . The Brazilian clocked an unofficial fastest time of one minute and 12.574 seconds as he completed 102 laps , autosport.com reported , with veteran Spaniard De La Rosa posting 1:12.784 . Schumacher 's 1:12.947 put him well ahead of Rosberg , who was fourth best on 1:13.543 . McLaren test driver Gary Paffett was fifth fastest , but his team 's official race entries for this year -- world champion Jenson Button and his predecessor Lewis Hamilton -- sat out the session . Hamilton will drive on Tuesday , and Button is scheduled to take the wheel on Wednesday . The other drivers to take part were Button 's former Brawn teammate Rubens Barrichello in a Williams , Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Buemi and Renault 's new signing Robert Kubica .	Michael Schumacher makes impressive return to F1 in first day of official testing for 2010 Seven-time world champion is third fastest in Spain , racing 40 laps for Mercedes Ferrari 's Felipe Massa , making his comeback after six months out , is quickest in Valencia World champion Jenson Button and McLaren teammate Lewis Hamilton sit out session
CNN  -- It has all the right ingredients for a tense situation : Scorching hot weather . Relentless humidity . Sidewalks , subways and hotels packed to capacity . Long lines . Nerds and jocks . But instead of being a pressure cooker , downtown Atlanta , Georgia , is serving up a huge party . Labor Day weekend finds the city of Atlanta host to several well-attended events , including Nascar , Georgia Tech 's season opening football game , the Decatur Book Festival and Atlanta Black Gay Pride . The weekend 's two largest events , DragonCon and the Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game , happen only a few blocks away from each other , essentially taking over the downtown area . Atlanta 's long-established science fiction and fantasy convention DragonCon and Chick-fil-A 's college football extravaganza are the strangest of bedfellows . Event organizers and attendees readily admit that three years ago , the first pairing of DragonCon and the kickoff game was as an awkward , giggly mashup of Storm Troopers and face-painted alumni . But all are quick to point out that it did n't take long for fans to foster an enthusiastic weekend of unabashed celebration and mutual respect . "  It 's kind of like the ultimate pop culture weekend , " said Katie Wall , a digital marketing consultant . "  Where else can you find a place full of sci-fi and fantasy fans next to beer-guzzling football fans , all decked out in their school colors ? It 's like everyone 's in costume for the weekend . "  But I think at the end of the day it 's just a lot of people getting excited about what they love and coming together to celebrate it with other people who love the same thing , " she said . "  I do n't know that there 's so much of a difference , except that we 'll all be wearing Carolina Blue and they 'll all be wearing costumes . " The University of North Carolina will be playing Louisiana State University in the big game . Kris Harter , a chemist and DragonCon attendee , says it 's not always easy for the two groups to get along , but there 's enough room for everyone . "  I think they are as amicable as possible with each other , " Harter said . She says that three years on , DragonCon attendees are more accepting of the football fans and are joining in during the buildup toward the game . "  They 're more willing to say ` Roll Tide ! ' or ` Go War Eagles ! ' or ` Geaux Tigers ! ' which you 'll hear a lot of this weekend , " she said . As early as Thursday night , people dressed in Steampunk garb were checking into hotels next to people dressed in purple and gold or Carolina blue . And the organizers of the two events are digging the vibe . "  The truth is , most of DragonCon attendees have a college football preference . It 's not the old style stereotype of someone who 's reading comic books and avoiding sports or not caring about sports , it 's someone who 's reading comic books while they 're watching sports . I 've had a running e-mail chain for weeks with the chairman of DragonCon about ACC versus SEC , " said DragonCon spokesman Dan Carroll . Chick-fil-A Bowl president and CEO Gary Stokan sent an open invitation to DragonCon attendees for exactly that reason . "  We 've reached out to them this year to say , ` Hey , you have your parade , if you want to come down to Centennial Olympic Park -LSB- for the ESPN College Game Day broadcast prior to the Kickoff Game -RSB- let 's get the groups together and see what happens here , ' " Stokan said . "  I actually know they 'll be getting a lot of takers , " Carroll said . "  We do have a group that 's all ready to go right after the parade . A lot of people -LSB- will be -RSB- in costume , and we 're going to be going over to ESPN , to their Game Zone area by the stadium , and just getting to meet some of the football fans . " Sometimes called "  Comic Con 's little brother , " but fiercely defended by attendees as the country 's most fan-oriented convention , DragonCon had more than 30,000 preregistered guests as of Thursday night , Carroll said . Celebrities on the Con circuit anticipate an attendance closer to 70,000 people this year , based on over-packed hotel rooms and local visitors . "  It 's not intimate . It 's not a small convention , " Harter said . Because it 's so massive , DragonCon attendees need to prepare , Harter said . "  First thing on my list , a good pair of shoes . "  You definitely need to bring your patience . There are long lines , there 's a lot of people , you definitely need to fight your way through crowds . And you need to bring something nerdy , " she said . Harter suggests wearing a T-shirt with a nerdy quote on it  like one from "  The Big Bang Theory " that says "  Bazinga , " or "  See DOS run "  or a costume . Bringing food can also be advantageous for long lines , she said . This year the convention spans four of downtown 's largest hotels . Sharing some of those packed rooms will be the close to 20,000 LSU and UNC fans in town for the Kickoff Game . Stokan said they are still selling tickets and hopes this year will be another sold-out game .	What happens when nerds and jocks share Atlanta for Labor Day weekend ? Fairy wings and vampire fangs or football jerseys and face paint , everyone is in costume DragonCon and the Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game offer events across downtown Atlanta Over 100,000 nerds and jocks could be in downtown Atlanta at the same time this weekend
CNN  -- Few female Chinese artists have attained the level of international recognition that sculptor Xiang Jing enjoys . Her work has been exhibited in America and throughout Europe . She was the subject of a recent joint survey show at the Museum of Contemporary Art Shanghai . She was one of four winners of this year 's Martell Artists of the Year competition and was also recently featured in Italian Vogue . Xiang first garnered attention for her sculptures of women . Working in porcelain , bronze and fiberglass , her figures are often nude , slouching , and wearing vacant or depressed expressions . "  Your Body , " a 2.6-meter-high fiberglass sculpture made in 2005 was collected by the Saatchi Gallery . A seated , slouching and vacant-eyed nude woman with a scar on her abdomen , sagging breasts and fat rolls , critic Gao Shiming , a dean at the China Academy of Art , has described the work as an expression of "  fatigue ... emptiness and helplessness . " The effect of Xiang 's work is often disquieting , even though her figures are recognizable . According to curator and critic Lilly Wei , Xiang 's "  sense of social satire is anchored in the commonplace , in the daily exigencies and social exchanges of an ordinary woman 's life , in the small vanities , frauds and violations . " Xiang says her work is always a kind of ongoing philosophical inquiry . "  From the day we are born , we have many , many questions -- all kinds of questions from what we see , what we experience and what we know . "  I think art is possibly one of the ways , one of the channels , to help us to find out certain truths , " she says . Her sculptures of women , for instance , are an attempt "  to deal with everything that had to do with female existence . " But , she says , "  after a while , if you work on a deeper level , you will discover that whether male or female , you 're ultimately dealing with human nature . In other words , the deeper you go , you move further away from gender but you get closer to human nature . " More than gender politics , she is interested in human relationships . "  Individuals are in fact very alien , very distant to each other . However , as we 're collective animals , social animals , we all end up in a kind of a relationship ... I think we 're like two neighboring islands , gradually getting close to each other . " More from Human to Hero : From builder to Pritzker-winning architect Raised in Beijing by an editor and film studio director , Xiang studied at Beijing 's Central Academy of Fine Arts , graduating in 1995 . One of the first artists to make an impression on her was Tian Shixin , a sculptor from Guizhou whose work Xiang first saw when she was at high school . It was the first time she had seen sculpture that was n't a politically-freighted monument or memorial , she says . "  He had created an emotional state of human beings . " But Xiang 's process is too personal to be inspired by anyone or anything else . In fact , she rejects the notion of inspiration altogether . "  I do n't think art is like design , when one can have an inspiration here or an inspiration there . " "  Art is more the expression of your points of view , or whatever you want to express in the long process of your understanding -- often it has a very long thread throughout . " Every three years , Xiang puts on a solo show containing series of works that represent a particular line of questioning , she says . Typically , she draws a rough sketch with measurements marked in , which her assistants use as the basis for creating a steel framework . Xiang then uses clay to shape a form , from which a plaster mold is created , which she then paints . The production phase is physically exhausting for Xiang . "  Every time when I work on something , I would eat very little and sleep very little and become very , very thin . " But , she says , "  the most challenging part of the whole creation is the initial thinking process , " something she describes as "  painful , " even "  torturing . " "  The actual work ... I can complete it within a year or a year and a half . But before that , I have to think for a long , long time ... trying hard to convince myself . " She says she does n't use photographs or work from models : "  It all comes from my head . " Although her sculptures are strikingly lifelike , Xiang says she is n't aiming for realism . "  If you put a real person 's face next to it , you will see a lot of differences . But what matters to me is ... the poignance of the expression . " "  I want my art to awaken the sensibility of each onlooker , to awaken his body , so that his body can experience the sculpture . That 's why I really want people to stand right in front of my sculpture , to face  it  . " More from Human to Hero : Top designer shares secret of staying in vogue Xiang knows she is living in an interesting period of Chinese history . "  I was born in 1968 . We 've gone through the Cultural Revolution , then the Reform and Opening Up period , then the recent years of rapid economic growth . "  These have been the decades when China has gone through the most dramatic , the fastest changes ever . And contemporary Chinese art has been born and developed within these last 30 years . " What that means for Xiang personally is not yet clear , though . Being thrown into the cross currents of history is , she says , "  good fortune " on one hand , but she also says , "  I 'm not very adaptable . " In fact , an artist heralded by critics and collectors as exemplary of exciting new developments in a still-developing world , says she often feels out of step . "  I feel that I 'm gradually becoming more and more alien to this era , as I feel that the world has become more and more extrovert , more and more superficial . "  It 's become ever so easy to know , to see and to experience too many things . The ways for us to get to know the world have become more and more diverse . There are more and more channels ... and more and more platforms . "  People have become ... more and more extroverted . However , I think there should be another part that should look inward ... into an inner world ... a world that exists within us . And this world is n't small at all . In fact , it can be enormous . "	Xiang Jing attracted international attention with her large-scale sculptures of women Her work is held by the Saatchi Gallery and has been exhibited throughout Europe . Her sculptures are the result of ongoing philosophical inquiry , Xiang says . Although representative of a new generation of artists , Xiang says she feels alien to our information era .
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Four years ago Massachusetts became the first state to allow same-sex couples to marry . Since then , more than 10,000 gay and lesbian couples have exchanged vows in the state . David Wilson and Rob Compton , of Massachusetts , were among first same-sex couples to marry in 2004 . David Wilson and Rob Compton were among the first to say , "  I do . " The impact , they say , has been huge . Wilson says it was the switch from partner to husband that made a difference . "  Just using the word husband brings a level of confidence that helps say to the person we 're talking with we have a right to be together , we are a couple and we love each other , " Wilson says . Wilson and Compton chose to keep their own surnames , but they say the need to define or justify their relationship is gone -- everyone understands what being married means . Initially , there was a rush to the altar in Massachusetts . In the six months after May 17 , 2004 , when Massachusetts began issuing marriage licenses for gay and lesbian couples , an estimated 6,100 same-sex couples married . They now average less than 1,000 a year , according to MassEquality.org , a grassroots organization working to help gay and lesbian couples achieve equality . Watch : David and Rob talk about what has changed " Having the same rights as heterosexual couples means the same issues -- like divorce . So far , at least 48 same-sex divorces have been reported . Same-sex divorces are hard to track because they are recorded by the last names of the parties involved , without reference to gender , according to Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders , a leading gay rights organization . There have been several attempts to stop same-sex marriage in Massachusetts since the state made it legal . The most recent attempt was in 2007 , when a proposed amendment to ban such unions was defeated . Massachusetts State Rep. Paul Loscocco , a Republican , was one of several dozen lawmakers who changed their minds on the vote , deciding to vote against a ban . The change , he says , is reflective of society at large . "  I ca n't tell you how many calls I got from people saying , ' I called you before and now my grandson is gay -- now they 're a couple -- now I 've changed my mind and I want you to vote the other way , ' " says Loscocco . Groups opposed to same-sex marriage said their fight , though less visible , remains strong . "  It has not gone away in hearts and minds of people , particularly parents , " said Kris Mineau , president of the Massachusetts Family Institute . "  The costs to family , children and culture are too great to concede this battle to those who would see marriage and family redefined to the point of irrelevancy , " the group says on its Web site . For Wilson and Compton , legalization and wider acceptance means they 're finally able to reap the same benefits of heterosexual married couples , such as hospital visitation rights . Compton was able to exercise his rights recently when he was in Rhode Island for a conference and needed emergency surgery for a kidney stone . "  I said , ` Well my husband will be coming , ' and you know they did n't even blink . They just smiled and they knew I was from Massachusetts and did n't say anything , " recalls Compton . Other benefits include the possibility of obtaining health insurance through a spouse 's work and the right to file joint state tax returns , transfer property , automatically inherit shared assets and make medical decisions for a spouse . Fears that Massachusetts might become a destination for same-sex marriage for the rest of the country were put to rest when then-Gov . Mitt Romney dusted off a 1913 statute barring marriage in the commonwealth if a couple 's home state did not recognize the union . But it 's a different story in California , where marriage benefits will follow same-sex couples to wherever they settle . Wilson and Compton plan to be in California to celebrate , as the state on Monday becomes the second in the country to allow same-sex matrimony . Still , until same-sex marriage receives federal recognition , Wilson and Compton say , the unions will remain second-class marriages . "  We 've begun the process , California is second and as all of these couples go back to their home states , they want those same benefits . They 're going to take them back to those states and absolutely they will ask for those rights , " says Wilson . "  I see it as a building block and eventually we will see this get to the federal level . "	David Wilson , Rob Compton were among first same-sex couples to marry in 2004 At least 48 same-sex divorces , which are hard to track , have been reported California will become second state in nation to allow same-sex matrimony
CNN  -- Utah is the nation 's fastest growing state , increasing 2.5 percent from July 2007 to July 2008 , according to new population estimates from the Census Bureau . Barack Obama greets one of the newest members of the U.S. population this year on the campaign trail . The main reason for Utah 's growth is a "  natural increase " -- births minus deaths -- said Census Bureau demographer Greg Harper . "  Utah has a strong rate of natural increase and domestic migration , where more people move into the state and -LSB- are -RSB- not moving out , " he said . "  Second is Arizona , " Harper said . "  It grew by 2.3 percent , and the increase is due to domestic migration , meaning more people are moving into the state than moving out . Also , it 's a natural increase , more people were born there than died . " Arizona is followed by Texas , North Carolina and Colorado , each with a 2.0 percent growth rate . Texas added more people than any other state -- about 500,000 -- making it the third-fastest growing state . Because it has a larger population size , its percentage growth was less than Utah . "  Nevada was last year 's fastest-growing state , but it fell to eighth , " said Harper . "  Overall , that state had been among the four fastest-growing states each of the past 23 years . " Only two states lost population : Michigan and Rhode Island , losing 0.5 and 0.2 percent respectively . Overall , Northeastern states are not growing as fast as other parts of the country , but they have been on the increase since 2005 . The South added the most people during the period , 1.4 million . But Western states , with a 1.4 percent increase , saw the fastest growth rate . One state that has reversed its course of growth is Florida . A few years ago more than 250,000 people per year were moving there . But for 2007-2008 , the state 's 0.7 percent increase was below the nation 's 0.9 percent overall increase . According to the estimates , the United States had a net gain of just over 2.7 million people from July 2007 to July 2008 .	Utah population grows 2.5 percent by "  natural increase , " Census Bureau says Texas adds more people than any other state -- about 500,000 Two states lose population : Michigan and Rhode Island Figures are Census estimates for growth from July 2007 to July 2008
CNN  -- When J.R. Martinez returned from serving in Iraq , he never thought he 'd see his name on the marquee at the local restaurant -- but there it was , a welcome-home banner at the Applebee 's in Dalton , Georgia . More than 40 percent of J.R. Martinez 's body was burned in a land mine explosion in Iraq . He certainly never imagined he 'd be starring in a popular daytime soap opera , either . But Martinez , 25 , has never let the severe burns he received while serving in the United States Army stop him . He spoke with CNN 's Nicole Lapin about overcoming odds and being an inspiration for young people . Watch Nicole Lapin interview J.R. Martinez " The following is an edited transcript of the interview . Nicole Lapin : You told your mom you 'd come back in one piece . You 're obviously back in one piece . You came back burned . What happened ? J.R. Martinez : Well , April 5 , 2003 , I was driving a Humvee through a city called Karbala in Iraq . My job in the military -- in the Army -- was infantry , and as we were driving , my front left tire hit a land mine and I was trapped inside the vehicle . The other three guys , the other three soldiers walked away with minor injuries , which I 'm thankful for every single day . I was trapped inside the vehicle for about ten minutes , conscious and can literally see my life slipping away from me . You know , my mother is my best friend and I kind of had the visual of my mother , and them handing her a flag and I thought to myself , that 's not something I want to put my mother through . So it 's one of those things where we do n't know how strong we are until we 're faced with things in life and I got through it . Lapin : You did . -LSB- A viewer -RSB- has a question for you about what kept you going . She says , "  First of all , I want to sincerely say thank you for defending our freedom . My question is , during the time of the explosion , how did you keep yourself going ? " Martinez : Well , when I was a young child , one of my sisters passed away from an illness she was born with . She was born in Central America and I was born here in the United States and I never met her , but I always felt the connection throughout my whole childhood . I felt the connection with my sister and I was confused as to why . And the day of my injury when I was inside the vehicle and I can literally see my life slipping away , an actual visual of my sister came to me and told me I was going to be OK and told me I 'd be fine . And after that sweet whisper went away , they pulled me out of the vehicle and got me immediately into the medical team 's hands . So I guess you could say faith , my sister , my mother -- all the things that kind of kept me grounded as a young child that my mother instilled in me at a young age : to be strong and to hold on to certain things in life because they 'll get you through . Like I said , it 's something that 's hard to explain , but I know a lot of guys that have been injured in the military or people that have been injured outside the military in the civilian world . And I am just like , "  How did you make it ? " It 's just like , we do n't know , we just hang in there . Lapin : You just do it . Martinez : Yeah , you just do it . All of us had it inside us . We just do n't know it until we 're faced with it and that 's when the true strength really shows . Lapin : Well , you went through 32 surgeries over 34 months . Was there ever a time where you said , "  Woe is me " ? Martinez : Yeah , I 'm definitely human and there are a lot of bad days . Even being in the soap opera world , there are still days where you wake up and you 're like , "  Here we go again . " Another obstacle -LSB- is -RSB- where I have to go into the public and show my face and catch those looks of people here in New York . It 's one of those things where you 've just got to get through it , and you 've got to fight the obstacles and you 've got to be strong and you say , "  You know what ? I have hope and I believe and I 'm never going to quit . " And if you do those things , you 'll be surprised where your life can take you because , as I said in one of the interviews I did , only in America where this can happen , you can go from losing your life to now being on a soap opera . Lapin : We 're looking at a picture of you in a soap opera right now , "  All My Children . " J.R. , sitting in that hospital bed watching soap operas with your mother , did you ever think you 'd actually be in one ? Martinez : You know , it 's funny . You 've got to be careful what you wish for in life . When I was in the hospital I could n't move . I could n't do anything . I was basically at the hands of medical staff and my mother , and every night my mother would watch novela , the Spanish soap opera . And there was n't nothing I could do about it . So I just sat there . And finally I just got to a point where I 'm just going to take it in and watch TV with her . And one day out of a joke I said , "  One day I 'm going to be on a soap opera , mom . " All through my recovery I started to do motivational speaking . I became a spokesman for a non-profit called the Coalition to Salute America 's Heroes , which helps wounded troops who return from Iraq and Afghanistan . And I always thought to myself , "  In the midst of all this , I would maybe love to touch that world some day , just to kind of play with it for a little bit . " And here I am . Lapin : So you had a little premonition . Martinez : Yeah , so you 've got to be careful what you wish for in life because you never know what can happen . Now , in the role in "  All My Children , " it 's a veteran who falls in love and because of his disfigurement , he does n't know if that person is going to accept him . He kind of feels that it 's best for her to move on with her life and not to be a part of his and his struggle . Lapin : -LSB- Another viewer -RSB- has a question . He wants to know , "  Your story is amazing . I wanted to ask you if it has been tough to relive the terrible pain of your real life during your filming of ` All My Children ' ? " Martinez : A lot of us , we go through things in life sometimes and we do n't want to sit there and go back to remember it , but it 's good to go back and remember it and it 's good to talk about it , whether it 's to yourself or a piece of paper or whether it 's to an audience or a camera like I am doing right now .	J.R. Martinez was injured by land mine in Iraq in 2003 He was trapped in Humvee as more than 40 percent of his body was burned As Martinez went through difficult recovery , he became motivational speaker He landed role on "  All My Children " soap opera playing a wounded veteran
EW.com  -- Stephen King 's fantasy novel "  Eyes of the Dragon " could at last become a movie or miniseries . The 1987 bestseller is being developed by Syfy as a longform project , along with a scripted drama series based on the comic "  Grey Legion " and two high-concept movie projects . The network is set to announce all the titles later today at its upfront presentation in New York City . Michael Taylor  "  Battlestar Galactica "  and Jeff Vintar  "  I , Robot "  will pen the "  Dragon " script , with Taylor and Bill Haber as executive producers . "  Dragon " is a rarity among King 's early works : A stand-alone novel that has n't been previously adapted into a live-action feature . In fact , among King 's pre-1990 books that were first published under his own name , only his fantasy titles  "  Eyes of the Dragon , " "  The Talisman " and the "  Dark Tower " books  have n't yet been adapted , though all have been in development at one point or another . And given HBO 's success with its fantasy hit "  Game of Thrones , " the timing for "  Dragon " could n't be better . "  Dragon " takes place in fictional realm of Delain and follows a teenage prince who is falsely accused of murdering his father , the king . Imprisoned in a high tower , the prince must figure out a way to escape , clear his name , and confront the devious and powerful wizard who is responsible for his father 's death . Though "  Dragon " was aimed at younger readers than most of the author 's books , the story also has plenty of characteristically dark touches . The tale also has some overlapping mythology with King 's "  Dark Tower " novels , including sharing a villain  Flagg  who was also in one of King 's most beloved works , "  The Stand . " In addition , Syfy is developing a drama series called "  Seeing Things . " Based on the comic "  Grey Legion " from Platinum Studios , "  Seeing Things " is about a cop who meets a violent demise but returns as a ghost to close his last case . The only person who can help him is a socially awkward man who is realizing for the first time that his hallucinations may not be all in his head . David Slack  "  Person of Interest , " "  Lie To Me "  and Gabrielle Stanton  "  Haven , " "  The Vampire Diaries "  will write . Slack , Robert Cort and Scott Mitchell Rosenberg will executive produce the project from Fox Television Studios . Another movie/mini project in the works at Syfy is "  Darkfall , " from Ethan Reiff and Cyrus Voris  "  Kung Fu Panda , " "  Sleeper Cell "  . Logline : "  When , without warning , modern forms of power and technology become a thing of the past , Los Angeles , and the world at large , becomes a place where magic rules and life as we know it is turned upside down . " Jim Henson Company and Universal Cable Productions will produce . Syfy is also developing a movie called "  One Mile Straight Down . " Logline : "  When a powerful earthquake hits California and opens up a chasm bigger than the Grand Canyon , it reveals an enormous hidden ocean lying deep beneath the earth 's crust . Billionaire adventurer James Exeter works with the government to take an advanced nuclear submarine down to explore it and discovers more than he ever could have imagined . " Skip Woods  "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine "  , Naren Shankar  "  CSI : Crime Scene Investigation "  and Deran Sarafian  "  CSI : NY "  will write and executive produce this one from Universal Cable Productions . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Stephen King 's fantasy novel "  Eyes of the Dragon " is being developed by Syfy "  Dragon " is a rarity among King 's early works : A stand-alone novel that has n't been previously adapted "  Dragon " follows a teenage prince who is falsely accused of murdering his father
It 's the latest cruel tactic in the Pakistani Taliban 's battle to stop girls and women from getting an education : acid thrown in their faces to scar them for life and deter others from following in their footsteps . A doctor who treated the victims of an acid attack on a college van in the city of Parachinar in northern Pakistan last month told CNN that two girls had been left with severe burns to their faces . The Pakistani Taliban have taken responsibility for the attack in threatening pamphlets distributed around the city . They also warn local girls against going to school , Dr. Shaban Ali said . "  We will never allow the girls of this area to go and get a Western education , " said Qari Muhavia , the local Pakistani Taliban leader , when contacted by CNN by telephone . Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? "  If and when we find any girl from Parachinar going to university for an education we will target her  in  the same way , so that she might not be able to unveil her face before others , " Muhavia said . The Pakistani Taiban 's violent campaign to stop girls from getting an education was brought to international attention early last month when gunmen in the Swat Valley attacked another van , this time carrying schoolgirl education activist Malala Yousufzai . She is in a British hospital recovering from a gunshot to the head . Shahab Uddin , a local government official from Kurram Agency in Pakistan 's northern tribal belt , said the acid attack was the latest method used to terrorize young girls and deter them from going to school . Fifteen students , boys and girls , from Kohat University were on their way home to Parachinar when unknown "  extremists " stopped the vehicle and threw acid at the girls and shot one of the boys , according to Uddin . Two girls , Zahida and Nabila , and one more boy had suffered burns , Uddin said , while Mohammad Ali , a fourth boy , was the student who was shot . "  After throwing acid on the students the assailants opened fire on the van , " Uddin said . He said the girls who were targeted "  are alive and out of danger now , but their faces are badly scarred . " Ali , of the district headquarters hospital , confirmed that four students were brought into the emergency room for treatment , three with acid burns and one with a bullet wound . "  We are all graduate students studying in the master 's program , and we were coming back home after taking our exams , " one of the girls who was targeted told CNN under condition of anonymity . "  We do n't know who the attackers were , but when our vehicle reached Doranai they stopped us and threw acid on our faces ... now we are scared of going back to our studies , " said another girl , who also asked not to be named because she did n't have permission from her family to speak . Malala is face of global attacks on schools "  Other passengers who were sitting in the vehicle were also wounded , but they were not as serious as Zahida and Nabila , " she said . Acid throwing is frequently used as a weapon in Pakistan to punish women for acts that allegedly bring dishonor to the family , or just to enact revenge . Another recent acid attack in Pakistan resulted in the death of a 15-year-old girl , Anwasha . She was allegedly attacked by her parents for engaging in illicit relations with a boy , according to Tahir Ayub , a senior police official . The 15-year-old girl suffered severe burns on her face and chest , but her parents initially refused to get her medical help , Ayub said . She was eventually taken to a hospital a day later and died from her injuries . "  Her father said she was n't coming to her senses so the parents threw acid on her to save their honor , " Ayub told CNN . Anwasha 's mother claimed she had seen the boy and girl secretly meet and had seen her frequently speaking on a cell phone , Ayub said . The parents , who live in a suburban village outside the Kashmiri city of Muzaffarabad , are in police custody , Ayub said . The Taliban in Afghanistan also have used acid attacks against girls to discourage them from going to school . The victims are left to cope with a disfigurement that is shameful in their culture and is likely to impact their ability to have a husband and family . Pakistan to honor girls injured in Malala attack	Two girls are left with severe burns to their faces after an acid attack on a college van The Pakistani Taliban say any girl seeking an education will be targeted in the same way A boy is also shot in the attack by "  extremists , " a local official says Acid attacks have been used in Pakistan to punish women for alleged dishonor
CNN  The fight against "  revenge porn " chalked up a small victory recently . So why am I not celebrating ? The Federal Trade Commission released a statement saying it had barred Craig Brittain , a Colorado man , from posting nude images of women to his website without their written consent . We are by now familiar with the concept of what 's broadly known as "  revenge porn , " that is , posting explicit images online of people -- women , mostly -- without their knowledge or permission . The practice has swept up celebrities such as Scarlett Johansson , Rihanna and Jennifer Lawrence , putting the issue on the national radar . Sometimes the images are stolen by hackers able to access phones , computers or clouds ; in other cases , they may have , at one time , been willingly shared with a romantic partner who , after the relationship ends , seeks to enact "  revenge " by making those private images public . The FTC 's move is a positive step toward punishing these acts , mostly because it symbolizes that the federal government recognizes the seriousness of the violation . But it does n't go far enough . Brittain was ordered to destroy the images he had in hand -- and that 's it . He was n't fined or sent to jail . That 's because revenge porn is n't a federal crime -- Brittain was found in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act , not in violation of criminal law . As an agency of the U.S. government , the FTC can enforce federal laws but does not have the power to prosecute criminal cases on its own , instead referring cases to the FBI or a U.S. attorney 's office . But because revenge porn is n't a federal crime , the punishments federal law enforcement can place on perpetrators are limited . And so the guy loses his pictures and has been told not to do it again . So what . Currently , 16 states have laws addressing revenge porn , though some are broader than others . Prosecution often still depends on first determining who uploaded the photos -- many of these sites allow for anonymous postings -- and where the photo originated . If the photo was uploaded by a third party , the website may be protected from liability by the Communications Decency Act , the same federal law that protects news outlets from being held liable for online comments made by readers and other user-generated material . A more effective law would be one that aims to protect personal information shared within the context of a confidential relationship and limits free speech to cover information that does not exploit the privacy of another private individual .  New Jersey 's law , gets at this -- it makes it a felony for any person to disclose sexually explicit photos or images of someone else without that person 's consent . But until recently , a California revenge porn law did not protect victims who took the photos themselves , even if those photos were stolen or otherwise posted without their knowledge or consent . That was n't just ineffectual lawmaking , but full on victim blaming . Indeed , when it comes to revenge porn , there is a lot of that going around . Think back to when Jennifer Lawrence and others had their nude , formerly private photos posted online . People asked why these women would be so careless as to take them , and send them , in the first place ? What did they expect would happen ? Never mind that many of the photos had been originally shared with trusted partners , some of whom were still in these women 's lives , or that in at least one case , the stolen pictures in question had been deleted years ago .  There are some very skilled hackers out there . If they do n't exist , the logic goes , you 've got nothing to worry about . Nothing , that is , beyond buying into the idea that women who "  put themselves in a compromising position , " in a way deserve whatever consequences result . It 's a short hop to the thinking that helps rapists avoid punishment because "  she asked for it , " or "  she did n't say no , " or "  just look at what she was wearing . Just look at how she 's acted in the past . " There are many reasons to create stronger , clearer , federal criminal laws prohibiting the anonymous public posting of naked photographs of people who are not you . But perhaps the most important reason is to work toward eliminating , once and for all , the idea that victims of crimes bear any modicum of blame . Criminal invasion of privacy continues to occur because criminals exist , and they are not adequately punished . Curbing our own behavior only means they win .	Peggy Drexler : FTC 's barring man from posting nude images online does n't go far enough Drexler says federal government should make "  revenge porn " a crime
CNN  -- For consumers , the news that the Department of Justice is suing Apple and several publishers , accusing them of price-fixing , boils down to one kitchen-table question : Will this mean my e-books will get cheaper ? The short answer ? More than likely , yes . But the long-term ramifications of the move remain murkier , with some arguing that prices will ultimately rise because of it . Wednesday 's lawsuit centers around the 2010 release of the iPad , when the government alleges Apple colluded with six major publishing houses to raise prices on digital books . At the time , Amazon 's Kindle was far and away the dominant device for e-books and Amazon forced publishers to sell most books on the devices for $ 9.99 . Publishers argued that price was too low and , according to the Justice Department , went to Apple in 2009 looking for a way to force Amazon 's hand . iPad books ultimately sold for closer to $ 12.99 ; as part of their deal with Apple , publishers only offered their books to other retailers at the same prices . After a couple of days , Amazon caved and allowed publishers to set their own prices as well . "  This action drove up e-book prices virtually overnight , " said Sharis Pozen , head of the DOJ 's antitrust division , at a news conference on Wednesday . "  Let me be clear : When companies enter agreements that prevent price competition , that is illegal . " The three publishers who have already settled with the government -- HarperCollins , Simon & Schuster and Hachette -- agreed to tear up current contracts and renegotiate pricing with outlets like Amazon and Barnes & Noble , whose Nook is one of the other most popular e-readers . So , what happens now ? Amazon wasted no time suggesting that its prices will be dropping soon . "  This a big win for Kindle owners and we look forward to being allowed to lower prices on more Kindle books , " an Amazon spokesman said via e-mail . That , too , will presumably lead to lower prices . And it only stands to reason that Apple would have to eventually follow suit . Apple declined to comment to CNN for this story . But some say Amazon 's lower prices have been the problem all along . Scott Turow , a best-selling author and president of the Authors Guild , echoes publishing-house complaints . Calling Amazon "  the Darth Vader of the literary world , " Turow said in an op-ed piece for Bloomberg last month that an Apple lawsuit would tilt the field too far in Amazon 's favor . "  If we reinstate the status quo before Apple 's ... breakthrough , then bookstores and publishers are going to be the first casualties , " he wrote . "  Right behind them will be readers , who will see the diversity of titles and authors diminish while leading titles get more expensive . " The argument goes like this : By selling most new e-books for $ 9.99 , Amazon is setting a price that 's too low for other competitors to match in a price war . If that eventually drives the competition away , Amazon  which is already projected to account for more than half of all U.S. book sales by the end of this year  would be essentially unchecked and able to set whatever prices it wants . The current landscape "  looks like a more robust and competitive market , as opposed to the world we will be left with if the Justice Department paves the way for Amazon to return to its predatory practices , " Turow wrote .	DOJ lawsuit against Apple will likely lower e-book prices -- at least for now Government says Apple conspired with publishers to drive up book prices Amazon , which sold books cheaper for the Kindle , says its prices will soon drop Some fear settlements will tilt field too far in Amazon 's favor
CNN  -- If your passport is gathering dust and your suitcase desperately needs a workout , do n't throw away thoughts of a thrilling vacation just because your wallet does n't match your wanderlust . Supply and demand dictate pricing in nearly every industry , and travel is no exception . When things are less than perfect , they cost less . So Europe is cheaper in the fall , when the weather can be sketchy and the landscape is n't quite as alluring . When school 's in session , it 's a challenge to take the kids out of class , but your Disney vacation will be a lot less expensive . In addition to costing less , these trips have other perks : A theme park with fewer crowds means that your kids are more likely to get some face time with Mickey and Cinderella . And if you opt for Europe right after Thanksgiving , you 'll be there during prime time for the Christmas markets . Here are five times when bargain-hungry globetrotters can get their fill : Need a deal now ? Head for the ocean . If you want to take advantage of the cheapest time to be afloat , you should be reading this from your cabin aboard a cruise ship . October and pre-Thanksgiving November is the time when you can sail through the Caribbean on a last-minute deal that 's oh-so-easy on the wallet . It 's the fringe of hurricane season  officially , it 's June 1st - November 30th  but remember that cruise ships can alter their routes when a storm hits , whereas a resort can not move from the path of danger . "  The itinerary might change slightly , but you still get your cruise , " said Chris McGinnis , director of Travel Skills Group . "  The best time to be on vacation in the Caribbean is actually when there 's a hurricane someplace else in the region , because if you 're not in the path , the storm sucks all the bad stuff out of the way and you 're left with perfectly gorgeous weather . " And even though many people book cruise vacations during the first three months of the year  known as "  wave season "  , seaworthy travelers looking for a deal should hold off in order to scoop up last-minute savings , McGinnis said . "  As long as you do n't have your heart set on a specific destination or specific ship , there is sure to be a plethora of great last-minute deals . " Just be sure to purchase travel insurance if you 're heading to Mexico or the Caribbean in the fall , just in case of bad weather . Go between the expensive holiday travel periods . One of the cheapest times to pack your bags is just around the corner : It starts about the same time the final leftovers from Thanksgiving are gobbled up and lasts until just before the airports fill up with Christmas travelers . "  We always recommend the three weeks after Thanksgiving , " said Travel Leaders travel agent Kristy Osborn . "  The airports are not crowded , the cruise ships are not full of holiday travelers , and there are no hurricanes . " McGinnis concurs . "  The cheapest time to travel , to pretty much anywhere , falls between the two most expensive travel times . The only exception to that rule is New York City because everyone wants to go shopping then , " said McGinnis . You may think "  Disney " and "  deal " do n't go together , but if you can finagle a way to get there when school is in session , you 'll reap the financial benefits . If your children have unexpected time off from school , or the academic calendar shifts for some reason , that 's the time to book your Disney trip . If your kids are pre-school age or you can take their studies with you , those weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas offer the same Disney magic , for much less . These same rules apply between New Year 's Day and spring break . Enjoy the white stuff without spending so much green stuff . The end of ski season in the spring is the time to enjoy the slopes without splurging . "  There are world-class hotels in famously pricey ski destinations offering amazing deals , " said Jaime Freedman , a deals specialist at Travelzoo . It happens at the beginning of the season too for domestic and international ski meccas , and Freedman said Canada is one place to find some frosty deals . "  Mont-Tremblant and Whistler , for example , have great deals a few weeks prior to ski season and then again at the tail end once the weather warms up . " Turn up the heat , turn down the price in "  hot " cities . If you 've always wanted to see Las Vegas but need a sure bet on low pricing , visit Sin City in July and August when hotels are clamoring for guests . "  Do n't let 115 degrees on the thermometer scare you , " said SRI Travel & Promotion owner Renee Werbin , who points out that "  Everything is air conditioned and you can take trams between hotels . " Miami is also a good bet for cheap travel in the summertime , and the traditionally hot and humid summers of New Orleans mean you can also find some fabulous deals in the Big Easy . Winter is easy on the wallet and full of options . There may be a gray sky behind the Eiffel Tower or Big Ben when you take your vacation photos , but that 's nothing a little photo editing ca n't fix . Nothing beats Europe in the fall and winter if you want more bang for your buck . "  Common sense is always your guide . Travel to Europe in the winter months and stay in deluxe accommodations that would cost substantially more in spring and summer seasons , " said Werbin . A Canadian  non-ski  holiday is also something to consider if you can handle the cold temperatures that usually freeze the prices at lower-than-normal numbers . And if you 're looking for something exotic , Asia is usually on sale as well . "  Asian prices always drop during winter months ; even Tokyo can be a bargain prospect in January and February , " said Travelzoo Senior Editor Gabe Saglie . Of course there 's an exception to the winter discounts : unless you 're extremely flexible , it 's usually hard to find a deal between Christmas and New Year 's Eve . You 'll also be hard-pressed to find a safari on a clearance rack , but if you want to do it for the lowest price possible , go during the hotter , rainier season in southern and central Africa between November and February . But keep in mind that there 's a school holiday in December , so November , January and February are the best bets . "  Our winter time is hot , hot , hot down in South Africa , which is when you 'll see some savings , " said Freedman . Werbin said she reminds her clients , "  Animals are never on vacation . "	Traveling on the cheap means going against the crowds The weeks right after Thanksgiving , and before Christmas , offer great discounts Going where it 's very hot or very cold does n't mean suffering the elements outdoors You 'll find savings , maybe even winnings , in Sin City in the summer
Washington  CNN  -- Your little post office might be on a proposed list of closings coming out Tuesday as the U.S. Postal Service tries to find ways to cut red ink . Some would be replaced by a "  Village Post Office " located within a commercial retail store . Postmaster General Patrick Donohoe planned a news conference Tuesday to release a long-awaited "  post office study list " of potential closings nationwide , typically targeting rural post offices where only a few hundred customers are served . The facilities targeted , potentially numbering in the thousands , will be subject to a review and appeals process before any final decision is made . The list was developed based on low workload among post office employees , a small number of customers , and whether that location could be combined with other postal facilities nearby . The list to be released Tuesday has 3,653 facilities named , according to materials CNN obtained . They are categorized as follows : GROUP 1 : Less than $ 27,500 in annual revenue ; less than 2 hours of workload daily  3,061 GROUP 2 : Less than $ 600,000 in annual revenue ; 5 or more access points within 2 miles  385 GROUP 3 : Less than $ 1 million in annual revenue ; 5 or more access points within 0.5 miles  188 GROUP 4 : Offices currently suspended  19 Donohoe is also expected to provide details of a plan to increase joint marketing with other retailers as a way to improve customer access to postal services . A presentation obtained by CNN includes a drawing of a small grocery storefront , combined with signage suggesting the building is also a "  Village Post Office , " complete with signs featuring the stylized logo of the postal service . In May , Donohoe told CNN , "  You 've got a post office , a gas station , and a store ; they 're in a small town , the gas station and the store are struggling , we think we can provide service through contracts in many cases , " that could cut operating costs for the Postal Service . Post office closings have upset some community leaders who say it could hurt their town 's identity and make it difficult for the elderly to collect their mail and send letters . Some post offices , such as Laneview , Virginia , have already been notified they were under review and have held meetings to prepare to challenge any decision to close . "  This post office is small , " said Laneview manager Cynthia Reed-Fisher , "  and from me working here the past two years , I was pretty sure that this post office would be on the list . " Dozens attended a meeting at a church to tell the Postal Service why their location should be spared . Donohoe and other postal officials have told CNN the downsizing will try to preserve local town identities by maintaining their names and zip codes , and continuing to deliver that mail through other nearby facilities .	The U.S. Postal Service considers closing low-use post offices The service will detail a plan for joint retail ventures with grocery stores , others The list of possible closings is subject to appeal and review
CNN  -- A New Jersey man is accused of killing a 6-year-old boy and seriously wounding the boy 's 12-year-old sister , Jason Laughlin of the Camden County Prosecutor 's Office said Monday . Osvaldo Rivera , 31 , was arrested Sunday afternoon and charged with murder and attempted murder , the prosecutor 's office said in a news release . Dominick Andujar was found dead with his throat slit in a home in the city of Camden , officials said . His sister suffered stab wounds and fled to a neighbor 's home after the attack . She is in critical condition at Cooper Hospital in Camden . Investigators said Rivera , who lives in the area and goes by the nickname "  Popeye , " was discovered in an apartment on the north side of the city , hiding between a mattress and a bedroom wall . He was found with blood-stained sneakers that appeared to match bloody footprints in the victims ' home , the prosecutor 's office said . "  Several citizens came forward and showed the courage to provide information , which helped lead to the initial apprehension , " Camden County Prosecutor 's Office Lt. Frank Falco said . Rivera told investigators he had smoked "  wet , " a combination of marijuana and PCP , before the killing , the prosecutor 's office said . This marks the second time this drug combination has been connected with the slaying of a child in Camden , the office said . Chevonne Thomas is believed to have been smoking wet prior to allegedly beheading her son , Zahree , on August 22 . . Rivera is being held at the Camden County Jail , the prosecutor 's office said , and an arraignment is expected Tuesday . Attempts to contact an attorney for comment were unsuccessful Monday . Laughlin , of the prosecutor 's office , said it appeared Rivera did not yet have an attorney .	A 6-year-old boy is dead and his 12-year-old sister is seriously injured Osvaldo Rivera , 31 , is charged with murder and attempted murder He told prosecutors he was under the influence of "  wet " -- marijuana with PCP
Madrid  CNN  -- A 25-year-old Spanish man has been ordered by a judge to leave home and look for a job after he took his parents to court for stopping his allowance money . The man from Andalusia in southern Spain had taken the court action demanding a monthly allowance of $ 588 after his parents stopped giving him his spending money unless he tried to find a job . However , the judge told the man , who has not been named in court documents , that he must leave his parents ' house within 30 days . The judge said the man was studying law , albeit at a slow rate , and would probably not complete the degree for several years , but he thought he was still capable of finding some kind of work . The family court in Malaga says the situation at the home had seriously deteriorated with the parents claiming their son had physically and verbally assaulted them . The man 's mother works in a restaurant while his father works for a garbage collection firm . The judge also ordered that the parents should pay a $ 292 monthly food stipend for 2 years . The parents have also taken over the monthly repayments on their son 's car . In Spain it is not unusual for offspring to remain living with their parents until well into their 30s , a trend strengthened by a tough labor market where the youth unemployment rate is 40.5 % , the highest in the European Union . There are 4.6 million Spaniards unemployed , and 1.3 million Spanish homes with no one in work , according to government figures for the fourth quarter of 2010 .	25-year-old had taken parents to court demanding $ 588 monthly allowance Judge gave him 30 days to leave home and find work Parents ordered to pay $ 292 monthly food stipend for 2 years Spain youth unemployment rate is 40.5 % , highest in the EU
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The family of a mentally ill British man sentenced to death in Pakistan for blasphemy is calling on authorities to release him . A court in the city of Rawalpindi last week handed down the punishment to Muhammad Asghar , 69 , over charges alleging that he wrote letters claiming to be a prophet . But his family , his lawyer and a British legal aid group say the court failed to take into account the mental state of Asghar , who has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia . The sentencing hearing took place last week behind closed doors without his legal team 's knowledge , they say , and his lawyer has been blocked from visiting him since . "  We are really upset and concerned that they will never release him and that he will die in jail , " his family said in a statement released Monday by the British legal aid and advocacy group Reprieve . "  He has already attempted suicide unsuccessfully . " Asghar was convicted under Pakistan 's controversial blasphemy law , which human rights groups say is used to settle personal scores and persecute minorities . Now , his family and lawyer are concerned that his legal team will be prevented from meeting a key deadline this week to file an appeal that they say would keep important evidence about his mental health admissible in the case . History of mental illness Asghar was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia in 2010 in Edinburgh , Scotland , the city where he was living at the time , and kept under observation in the hospital for over a month . Later that year , he traveled with his wife to Pakistan , where he owns a number of properties . He was arrested near Rawalpindi and jailed in September 2010 on allegations that during a dispute with one of his tenants , he had sent letters claiming to be a prophet . Under Pakistani law , blasphemy against the Prophet Muhammad is punishable by death or life imprisonment . A Pakistani law firm took up his case and has been working on it for the past three years . The lawyer for the firm who has been representing Asghar spoke to CNN about the case on the condition of anonymity because of security concerns -- the firm has received threats in the past . The lawyer says Asghar denies sending the letters , describing the case as the result of a property dispute that turned bad . Tackling religious intolerance and violence in Pakistan ` Horrific jail conditions ' Asghar 's family and legal team have criticized his treatment in jail and the way the Pakistani court system handled the case . "  The dates kept being moved forward so that by the time the trial concluded he had already been in horrific jail conditions sharing a cell with several other men for three years , " the family said in its statement . "  Throughout this time he had minimum access to medication that might have helped his mental illness . " In early 2012 , he tried unsuccessfully to commit suicide , his lawyer says , and spent time in the hospital recovering . A medical report about his mental state , provided to the court around that time , was flawed and lacked proper psychiatric assessment , the lawyer says . Psychiatrists willing to testify in the case were deterred because of direct threats to their security , the lawyer says . An independent analysis of Mohammad Asghar 's case by the Pakistan Association for Mental Health stressed the need to put him on suicide watch saying "  his threats to commit suicide can not be taken lightly . " Opinion : A war is raging against free speech Appeal deadline looming The legal team that had been working on his case was replaced by a state counsel in the final stages of the trial after filing a request to have the judge replaced on the grounds of probably bias , Reprieve said . Members of the legal team have been visiting Asghar at Rawalpindi 's Central Jail , known as Adiala Jail , where he is being held . But they are no longer able to get permission to see him . That 's a big issue because the lawyers have until Thursday to file an appeal before the High Court . If they do n't make the deadline , an automatic "  jail appeal " will be filed . In that case , Asghar 's lawyers "  will be barred from raising crucial evidence of Mr. Asghar 's mental health and other fair trial issues on appeal , " Reprieve says . Asghar 's lawyer told CNN that without a proper appeal , the case might languish in the court system for years . The lawyer said that considering Muhammad Asghar 's frail mental health and suicidal tendencies , she fears he "  might not survive " that time period . His relatives say they want Pakistan to release him so "  he can be treated appropriately for his medical condition . " Baroness Sayeeda Warsi , a senior official at the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office , said in a statement that Britain will be raising concerns over Asghar 's sentence "  in the strongest possible terms with the Pakistani government . " Pakistani officials were n't immediately available for comment on the matter Tuesday . Judges under pressure Accusations of blasphemy often unleash fierce passions in Pakistan , drawing angry crowds who gather outside court hearings demanding punishment before cases have even been heard . "  So much pressure is on the police and judiciary to take action that even in the face of overwhelming evidence of innocence or shoddy evidence against the accused , no judge is willing to be seen to be lenient , " Asghar 's lawyer told CNN . "  There was a mob outside the police station when Asghar was arrested , there was a mob outside the hospital when he was rushed there after attempting suicide , "  she said . "  People leak information and put pressure on the justice system . " Although human rights advocates say minorities are often the targets of blasphemy charges , the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan says the majority of people accused of or imprisoned for blasphemy are Muslims . Pakistan 's population is overwhelmingly Muslim . In January 2011 , Punjab Governor Salman Taseer was shot to death by one of his security guards after publicly supporting a Christian woman accused of blasphemy and calling for a change in the law . In 2012 , the case of a Rimsha Masih , a Christian teenager accused of blasphemy , caused an international outcry . Charges against her were eventually dropped , but she and her family were forced to go into hiding . That 's why Asghar 's lawyers are so concerned about his safety . Members of the firm representing him have faced direct threats to their safety because of the case , his lawyer said . In 2012 , six people at the firm quit in one day because they were concerned for their safety . But despite the risks , the firm has stuck by him .	Muhammad Asghar was convicted of charges he claimed to be prophet His family and legal team say he is suffering from paranoid schizophrenia Human rights groups have criticized Pakistan 's controversial blasphemy law Asghar 's family is calling on Pakistan to release him so he can get treatment
CNN  -- It appears to be mere coincidence that a California lawmaker 's bill to ban the defense of "  affluenza " comes the week before the television debut of "  Rich Kids of Beverly Hills . " Assemblyman Mike Gatto , D-Los Angeles , introduced a bill in the state Legislature on Tuesday that would outlaw the defense at trial or during post-trial sentencing , according to a news release from Gatto 's office . Affluenza snared national headlines late last year when Texas teen Ethan Couch received 10 years of probation after slamming into a parked car south of Fort Worth . The struck car then slid into another vehicle moving in the opposite direction . Four people were killed , and two people riding in the bed of Couch 's pickup truck were tossed and severely injured . Prosecutors wanted Couch sentenced to a maximum of 20 years behind bars , while the 16-year-old 's defense team argued that Couch 's well-to-do parents should share the blame for the crash because they never set limits and gave him everything he wanted . A psychologist testified that Couch was the product of affluenza and told the court that the teen 's life could be turned around if he were separated from his parents and placed in a treatment program . A judge agreed , saying that if Couch violated the terms of his probation , he could face up to 10 years of incarceration , according to a statement from the Tarrant County , Texas , Criminal District Attorney 's Office . "  Perhaps the notion of personal responsibility seems antiquated to some , " Gatto said in a news release this week . "  But I think the majority of us believe that people should own up to their actions , and that criminals should not be able to use their wealth or privilege to lessen the severity of their sentences . Spoiled children should n't be able to spoil the chances of victims to obtain justice when a criminal act has occurred . " Gatto 's legislation , AB 1508 , "  would forbid a judge or jury from reducing the sentence of a defendant who claims that being raised in a wealthy or excessively lenient household somehow explains or absolves that defendant 's guilt , " according to the news release . The bill specifically states , "  Circumstances in mitigation of the punishment prescribed by law shall not include the fact that the defendant may not have understood the consequences of his or her actions because he or she was raised in an affluent or overly permissive household . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	California legislation would ban "  affluenza " as defense or during post-trial sentencing "  Majority of us believe that people should own up to their actions , " lawmaker says Legislator cites case in which Texas teen 's lawyers used defense in case of 4 deaths
CNN  -- The meteor that blew up over southwestern Russia in February had survived long-ago collisions that blackened its surface , making it harder to spot , a scientist who studied its pieces said Wednesday . The roughly 60-foot space rock plunged into Earth 's atmosphere and exploded over the Russian city of Chelyabinsk with the force of about 30 early nuclear bombs . Of the roughly 100 fragments found so far , the biggest weighs about 11 pounds  5 kilograms  , said Maria Gritsevich , a researcher at the University of Helsinki . Read more : Saving Earth from asteroids Gritsevich and others who have studied those fragments have found the small asteroid was mostly made of ordinary rock . But it was marbled with metallic elements such as iron -- and when the asteroid collided with other bodies floating around the solar system , the heat and force of that impact melted the metal , which seeped into fissures in the surface of the stone and blackened its surface . "  Dark asteroids are harder to detect because they reflect less light , " Gritsevich , who presented her findings at an American Astronomical Society conference this week , told CNN . Planet of sound : Meteor blast resonated around Earth While most ordinary rocky asteroids reflect up to 20 % of the sunlight that strikes them , and Earth reflects about 40 % , dark asteroids reflect 5 % of the light or less , she said . The meteorites collected from the Chelyabinsk incident show varying signs of darkening , with some completely blackened , others made up entirely of light-colored stone and some with a mixture of coloration , Gritsevich said . "  All Chelyabinsk meteorites look different , " she said . "  You can clearly distinguish three different groups . " She said scientists are still working to determine the age of the Chelyabinsk meteor , the largest to hit Earth since the 1908 Tunguska incident in Siberia . NASA estimates 4,700 ` potentially hazardous ' asteroids The blast left more than 1,500 injured , mostly by glass from shattered windows , and raised concerns about humanity 's vulnerability to stray asteroids . Two months later , NASA announced a goal of sending a spacecraft out to seize and asteroid and tow it into orbit around the moon , where it could be studied by astronauts -- a project billed in part as a planetary defense mission . But it ran into opposition in Congress , where a House committee voted to block any funding for the mission in July .	The space rock that blew up over Russia had been darkened by ancient crashes "  Dark asteroids are harder to detect because they reflect less light , " scientist says The meteor injured about 1,500 people when it crashed to Earth in February Scientists have found about 100 pieces , the biggest of which is about 11 pounds
CNN  -- Key facts about Bahrain , the Persian Gulf island state now facing protests similar to those that have wracked other Middle Eastern countries , as compiled by the CNN Wire : GEOGRAPHY AND POPULATION : -- Bahrain is a chain of small islands off the eastern shore of the Arabian Peninsula , nestled between Saudi Arabia and Qatar . The kingdom takes its name from the largest island , where the capital , Manama , is located . -- Bahrain 's 2010 census found a population of 1.2 million , but Bahrainis are a minority in their own country . About 54 percent of its population are expatriates , the census found . -- Though its ruling family is Sunni , Shiite Muslims make up about two-thirds of Bahrain 's population . -- A 2006 study by the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions reported that guest workers make up 60 percent of the country 's labor force . -- Bahrainis have had universal suffrage since 2002 . The lower house of its parliament is elected , while the upper house is appointed by the king . HISTORY : -- Bahrain 's current monarch , King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa , is the latest ruler in an Arab dynasty that wrested control of the archipelago from Persia in the 1780s . -- Bahrain was a British protectorate from 1861 to 1971 , when it became fully independent . -- Before the discovery of oil in 1932 , pearls were the backbone of Bahrain 's economy . That history is reflected in the monumental sculpture that sits in Manama 's Pearl Roundabout , the scene of some of the recent demonstrations . -- Pop star Michael Jackson moved to the island kingdom with his family after his 2005 acquittal on child molestation charges in the United States and spent almost a year as a personal guest of a Bahraini prince . The prince later sued Jackson , claiming he had paid all of Jackson 's living expenses and advanced funds on a music contract on which the singer reneged . The case was settled in 2008 , less than a year before Jackson 's death . INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS : -- Bahrain has been the headquarters of the U.S. Fifth Fleet , the naval arm of American forces in the Middle East , since 1995 . The U.S. Navy has maintained a presence there since 1949 . -- Bahrain has contributed a contingent of police to help provide security for the U.S.-led coalition fighting in Afghanistan . -- The monarchy views Iran , its neighbor across the Persian Gulf and onetime ruler , with "  deep suspicion " and suspects it of supporting Shiite opposition movements , according to a U.S. diplomatic cable disclosed by the WikiLeaks website . -- Iran has asserted territorial claims over Bahrain both before and after the 1979 revolution that deposed Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi and brought the current Islamic republic to power . ECONOMY : Petroleum makes up about 30 percent of the country 's economy . But at an estimated 125 million barrels , Bahrain 's oil reserves are a tiny fraction of those held by most of their neighbors . Since the 1960s , the monarchy has worked to diversify its economy , turning the country into a banking , shipping and refining center . Bahrain was the first Middle Eastern country to land a Formula One Grand Prix race , in 2004 . With its racing season set to begin in March , Shaikh Salman bin Isa Al Khalifa said Tuesday that race authorities are keeping a close eye on the protests "  and will respond appropriately to any further developments . "	Bahrain is chain of small islands off eastern shore of Arabian Peninsula Ruling family is Sunni , but Shiite Muslims make up two-thirds of population HQ of U.S. Fifth Fleet , naval arm of American forces in Mideast , based there Oil makes up 30 % of economy but reserves are tiny compared to those of neighbors
CNN  -- Barcelona have maintained their eight-point lead at the top of La Liga with a 3-1 victory over bottom-placed Almeria at the Nou Camp . The visitors took a shock lead five minutes into the second half when Miguel Angel Corona finished off a counter attack . But the hosts were back on level terms almost immediately as Almeria goalkeeper Diego Alves brought down David Villa with Lionel Messi converting the resulting spot kick . Barcelona did have to wait long for their second as Thiago Alcantara gave them the lead in the 64th minute , and Messi wrapped things up with his second goal , capitalizing on some sloppy defending in injury time . Real Madrid enjoyed a comfortable 3-0 victory over Athletic Bilbao to put their title challenge back on track after the shock defeat to Sporting Gijon last weekend . Two penalties from Kaka -- one in each half -- and a 70th minute strike from Cristiano Ronaldo -- his 28th league goal of the campaign -- ensured Jose Mourinho 's team remain within striking distance of the Spanish champions who visit the Bernabeu next weekend . Meanwhile in Serie A , Inter Milan kept up the pressure on leaders AC Milan on Saturday night with a 2-0 win over Chievo at the San Siro . Second-half goals from Esteban Cambiasso in the 66th minute and Maicon six minutes from time saw Inter take all three points to move ahead of Napoli who play Bologna on Sunday . The win also moves them to within two points of Milan , who face Fiorentina on Sunday evening . In Serie A 's only other Saturday tie , Roma moved to within one point of fifth-placed Lazio , with a 2-1 victory over fourth-placed Udinese at the Stadio Friuli . The win puts Vincenzo Montella 's side back in contention for the fourth Champions League place . Lazio play Parma on Sunday .	Two goals from Lionel Messi help Barcelona to a 3-1 win over Almeria Kaka bags brace as Real Madrid coast to 3-0 victory at Athletic Bilbao Inter Milan move up to second place in Serie A with 2-0 win over Chievo
Mariupol , Ukraine  CNN  Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko declared a ceasefire went into effect at midnight Saturday local time  5 p.m. ET  between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian militants in the nation 's east . The separatist Donetsk People 's Republic also announced the ceasefire . But an apparent violation was reported less than 90 minutes after the ceasefire began when Ukraine 's Anti-Terrorist Operation Command reported that a military post near Zolote in the Luhansk region has been shelled by mortars . As a positive sign , CNN reporters in Ukraine reported the shelling quieted shortly after midnight . The peace agreement signed in Minsk , Belarus , several days ago comes with many questions over how it will be implemented and whether it will stick . Mistrust is high on both sides , adding to the doubts . The town of Debaltseve , a strategically located railroad hub in the east , is shaping up as a crucial piece of the ceasefire . In his speech announcing the ceasefire , Poroshenko said Ukrainian troops control the town and warned militants to stay away . "  I think the fact of using the tense situation on the outskirts of Debaltseve by militants-terrorists-mercenaries poses a great threat , which can violate the ceasefire regime , " Poroshenko said . "  I am warning all participants of the Minsk negotiations , including the Russian Federation , which identifies itself as the guarantor of the reached agreements . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , reporting from the eastern town of Donetsk , said separatists claim to have encircled Debaltseve . "  Debaltseve will be a vital flashpoint for the hours ahead , " he said . Poroshenko has warned that if the separatists do not abide by the ceasefire , he will impose martial law throughout Ukraine 's territory , his spokesman Andrey Zhigulin told CNN . Poroshenko 's office said he spoke on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , French President Francois Hollande and U.S. President Barack Obama in the hours before the ceasefire was due to take effect . "  The Ukrainian President has emphasized the need for monitoring by -LSB- Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe -RSB- to confirm the ceasefire , " a statement from Poroshenko 's office said . "  Petro Poroshenko and Barack Obama have agreed on further coordination of efforts in case of escalation of the conflict . " The White House said in a statement , "  The President spoke with Ukrainian President Poroshenko today to express his sympathy for the mounting toll of the conflict in eastern Ukraine and his deep concern about the ongoing violence , particularly in and around Debaltseve . " Separatist militants who spoke to CNN voiced their anger against government forces , whom they blame for the deaths and devastation in their communities . Shelling rocked two eastern Ukrainian cities Saturday ahead of the ceasefire , raising fears that the deal to end a bitter 10-month conflict may be in jeopardy . Both incoming and outgoing artillery could be seen in the vicinity of the coastal city of Mariupol , and there was significant shelling in Donetsk city , CNN teams reported . Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council reported seven soldiers killed and 23 wounded in 24 hours . The council said additional forces were crossing the border from Russia into Ukraine in the area of Novoazovsk . Igor Martinov , separatist-appointed mayor of Donetsk , said two people were killed and four injured by shelling in the city center Saturday afternoon . Photographs of the scene appeared to show one of the dead in camouflage gear and the other in civilian clothing . Poroshenko said that after the agreement reached Thursday by the leaders of Ukraine , Russia , Germany and France , the offensive by the separatists had intensified . The separatists may be trying to take control of strategic locations , such as the railroad hub of Debaltseve to the north , before the ceasefire lines are drawn . Pro-Kiev militia have also been pushing forward around government-controlled Mariupol . As the shells rain down , the toll on eastern Ukraine 's residents only grows . The Ukrainian military operation against the separatists said Friday that 14 civilians had been killed by rebel shelling , six in the village of Shchastya , five in the village of Hornyak and three in Artemivsk , according to the official Ukrinform news agency . Each side has accused the other of shelling civilian areas in the course of a conflict that has killed more than 5,000 people . Both sides are expected to start pulling back their heavy weapons from the front lines Monday , creating a buffer zone at least 50 kilometers  31 miles  wide . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which already has a monitoring mission in Ukraine , has been given the challenging task of overseeing the process . "  We need to have an effective ceasefire , " OSCE Secretary General Lamberto Zannier said Friday . "  So I 'm already concerned that we are seeing this morning a continuation of hostilities . " The OSCE hopes to see a reduction in hostilities between now and Saturday night , he said . "  I would expect the ceasefire to stop  armed  operations and to stop people where they are , " he said . While Ukrainian forces have to pull back their heavy weapons from the front line as they stood Saturday night , separatist forces must pull back theirs from the front line as it was on September 19 , when a previous peace agreement was signed in Minsk . That swiftly disintegrated amid continued violence . It also envisions prisoner swaps , new local elections in the conflict-affected regions of Luhansk and Donetsk , and a law granting amnesty to those involved in the the fighting . However , Svyatoslav Tsegolko , a spokesman for the Ukrainian president , said that those responsible for shooting down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine last summer will not be given an amnesty under the Minsk agreement . This could be a potential hurdle to keeping the separatists on board . Western governments believe rebels used a Russian-supplied missile system to shoot down the jet , having mistaken it for a military aircraft , while Kiev says it was a Russian officer who pressed the button . The separatists and Russia have denied any responsibility . The Kremlin has said it hopes to see the latest peace plan succeed . But Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti on Friday that while Russia had helped to bring about the Minsk agreement , it was n't in its power to fulfill it "  because Russia is not a participant in the conflict . " Russia has steadfastly denied accusations by Kiev and the West that it is sending forces and heavy weapons into Ukraine . But Kiev has accused it of continuing to do so even since the peace plan was signed in Minsk . Geoffrey Pyatt , the U.S. ambassador to Ukraine , tweeted that the separatists "  now have larger fighting force with more tanks armored vehicles , heavy artillery & rocket systems than some NATO and European countries . " He also posted satellite images which he claimed show "  Russian military , not separatist , systems " deployed in eastern Ukraine . The United States has not ruled out providing "  lethal defensive aid " to the Ukrainian military to help it defend against advances by the Russian-backed separatists . Ukrainian forces have just received a delivery of lightly armored military vehicles from Britain , but that country 's Ministry of Defence said the vehicles were delivered as part of a commercial contract signed by a private company in 2013 , before the conflict started . A defense spokeswoman said Britain was not providing lethal aid to Ukraine . The trucks in question can offer protection to military personnel on the move but are not close combat vehicles , she added . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Mariupol and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Nick Paton Walsh in Donetsk , Brian Walker , Alla Eshchenko and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report , as did journalists Victoria Butenko and Azad Safarov .	Ukraine military reports first violation of the ceasefire , saying motar fire hit a post near Zolote Ukraine 's president warns separatists about Debaltseve , a strategically located railroad hub President Petro Poroshenko declares ceasefire is in effect
Kimberly McCarthy on Wednesday evening became the 500th prisoner executed in Texas since 1976 , when the death penalty was reinstated in the state , according to the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . McCarthy was pronounced dead at 7:37 p.m. ET at the Texas State Penitentiary in Huntsville , Texas , said department spokesman John Hurt . The 52-year-old former occupational therapist was convicted in 1997 of murdering her 71-year-old neighbor , Dorothy Booth , a retired college professor . Booth was found beaten and stabbed to death , and one of her fingers was severed , indicating a ring was forcibly removed , the Department of Criminal Justice said . Evidence later showed McCarthy had pawned the stolen diamond ring the day of the crime . When she was arrested , McCarthy was found with Booth 's credit cards and a large knife stained with her neighbor 's blood , the department said . In her last statement , McCarthy thanked her supporters , including her ex-husband , attorney and spiritual adviser . "  Thank you everybody . This is not a loss , this is a win . You know where I am going . I am going home to be with Jesus . Keep the faith . I love y' all , " McCarthy said , according to Jason Clark , another department spokesman . Outside the prison , nicknamed the "  Walls Unit , " a small crowd of demonstrators gathered Wednesday afternoon to protest the execution . They held signs that read , "  Do n't kill for me " and "  End executions in Texas . " The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals on Monday denied McCarthy 's appeal of her sentence and declined on Tuesday to reconsider it , saying her claims should have been raised previously , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . Texas has led the nation in the number of executions since 1976 , but the number of states carrying out capital punishment continues to drop . Last year , Texas executed more people than it sentenced to death for the eighth straight year . Four states -- Texas , Oklahoma , Mississippi and Arizona -- accounted for three quarters of all U.S. executions in 2012 . Opinion : Why do we keep executing people ?	McCarthy 's thanks her supporters in her last statement McCarthy is pronounced dead at 7:37 p.m. ET , authorities say Kimberly McCarthy , 52 , was convicted of murdering her 71-year-old neighbor Texas leads the country in executions , but more states are dropping capital punishment
CNN  -- A Kenyan-born designer is taking African art to America 's Deep South -- and finding his way into the pages of U.S. fashion glossies . "  You do n't hear about the incredible art coming out of Africa , stories of people digging themselves out of poverty , " says jewelry designer Zia Sachedina . He often runs into fellow Africans at trade shows across the U.S. and remains an avid supporter of their "  Africa-inspired , Western-designed " fashion . Sachedina has applied the same formula to his own business -- selling exotic jewelry with signature African patterns and striking color combinations tweaked for the western market . And trendsetters are taking notice -- with his designs featured in fashion bibles like Vogue and Glamour as well as TV series "  Gossip Girl . " Glorious colors in the desert : Darfur 's fashionable women Though most of his clients are middle-aged women who favor conservative jewelry , he mentions "  Big Momma 's House " actress Nia Long as the ideal "  Zia Woman . " "  She wore our jewelry in Ebony  magazine  and looked amazing , " he says . "  It 's that kind of sophisticated , confident woman , in touch with her culture and African origin that I 'm trying to exert . " Based in Savannah , Georgia , for the last decade , Sachedina says his work stands out like a "  sore thumb " in the traditional southern town . "  A lot of people are scared that it wo n't sell , but that 's something that 's never scared me . " His store Zia Boutique ships collections to other jewelers around the U.S. and beyond -- including countries such as Canada , Colombia and Costa Rica . The Africa-inspired Kalahari collection is his most popular line . Dedicated followers of fashion : Congo 's designer dandies To his surprise , it has even sold well in the rural areas of Louisiana , Oklahoma and Texas . This has been encouraging for Sachedina , who relishes the opportunity to try something new . "  We wo n't push something that does n't look good on you , " he says . "  I want people to walk down the streets and go wow , you look incredible , where did you get that ? " Sachedina says his work is a celebration of his unique life experience for men and women of all nationalities to enjoy . Struggling to define his cultural identify while growing up , he was born to an East African Asian father and a Japanese American mother . He describes his mother as a "  free spirited hippie " and his father as a "  traditional Muslim Indian . " After his parents separated , he relocated to Kansas with his mother , where she was born . Sachedina enjoyed a happy childhood there , but recalls many friends could n't identify with his "  other life " in Kenya . Why African designers are finally in the fashion spotlight As a teenager , he developed a deep longing to better understand his Indian side and realized that only spending school breaks in Kenya was n't enough . Sachedina returned to Nairobi and enrolled at the International School of Kenya . He was surrounded by students and faculty from over 70 countries -- which he describes as the best experience of his life . It was also a period that helped shape the "  global citizen " he views himself as today . At 32 , Sachedina feels he has developed the ability to connect with others regardless of race , culture or religion . But he insists taking on that approach to life did n't happen overnight . Instead , it involved embracing the best parts of his parents ' cultures -- as well as welcoming influences from his many travels around the world He is currently in the process of scouting locations for more U.S. branches of Zia Boutique -- with the goal to operate five stores before turning 35 .	Kenyan-born designer Zia Sachedina creates jewelry inspired by his heritage He was born to an East African Asian father and a Japanese American mother Sachedina has a flagship boutique in Savannah , Georgia His work has been featured in Vogue and Glamour magazines , and TV show Gossip Girl
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A court fined former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and gave him a one-year suspended jail sentence Monday , more than two months after he was found guilty of breach of trust . Olmert was ordered to pay a fine of 75,000 new Israeli shekels  about $ 19,000  . As part of his sentencing by the Jerusalem District Court , he was also cleared to run for political office . "  I am entering this court with my head high , I am also leaving the court with my head high , " Olmert said after the sentencing , according to his attorney , Eli Zohar . Monday 's suspended jail sentence means Olmert will not serve jail time unless he commits the same crime within a three-year period . In a trial that ended in July , Olmert was found guilty of breach of trust but was acquitted on two corruption-related charges . The allegations stemmed from 2002 to 2006 , when Olmert served a second term as mayor of Jerusalem and held several Cabinet posts under then-Prime Minister Ariel Sharon . Prosecutors accused Olmert of double-billing government agencies for travel , taking cash from an American businessman in exchange for official favors and acting on behalf of his former law partner 's clients . "  The court decided that I breached trust . I honor the decision of the court , and will learn the lessons from this , " Olmert said outside the courtroom in July . "  I want to remind you that the court said that there were procedural problems -- not corruption , I never got anything . I acted in a way which was counter to procedure . I honor that , and take it to my heart . " At the time , he said nothing about his political future and thanked his lawyers for their work . Olmert became prime minister in 2006 after succeeding Sharon , who suffered a massive stroke . He announced his resignation in August 2008 after Israeli police recommended that he stand trial . He left office after a new government took power in March 2009 . Earlier this year , Olmert told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that millions of dollars from the "  extreme right wing " in the United States helped oust him from government and derailed a peace plan with the Palestinians . In 2008 , Olmert sought a "  full comprehensive peace between us and the Palestinians " -- a two-state solution based on the 1967 borders . But the plan was never realized , and Olmert was forced from office , accused of corruption . He denied the allegations . "  I had to fight against superior powers , including millions and millions of dollars that were transferred from this country  the United States  by figures which were from the extreme right wing that were aimed to topple me as prime minister of Israel . There is no question about it , " he told CNN . Pressed to name names , Olmert replied : "  Next time . " CNN 's Michael Schwartz , Sara Sidner and Amnon Pery contributed to this report .	NEW : Ehud Olmert says he is "  leaving the court with his head high " Jerusalem District Court says the former prime minister must pay a fine He was convicted of breach of trust and acquitted of two corruption charges Allegations stemmed from 2002 to 2006 , before he became prime minister
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A series of blasts in the city of Quetta in southwest Pakistan killed 93 people and wounded 169 Thursday , police said . Children were among the dead , officials said . A bomb Thursday morning in a vehicle near a security checkpoint in the center of town caused the first explosion , which wrecked a marketplace , destroyed eight security vehicles and claimed at least 12 lives , police spokesman Wazir Khan Nasir said . At least another 45 people were wounded there . Nasir said he believed the checkpoint was the target of the attack . More on Pakistan : India and Pakistan trade accusations over Kashmir violence Nearby , twin blasts during the evening killed at least 81 people and wounded 121 , Chief Capital City Police Officer Miz Zubair Mehmood told CNN . The second of the two explosions erupted when police and reporters arrived at the scene of the first blast . A videographer for a private television network was among the dead . Nine of the dead were security officers , Mehmood said . "  The government of Baluchistan is working on mitigating security concerns , and we will make sure to protect citizens as best we can , " Mehmood said . A fourth blast wounded three people . The cause of the blasts was not known , and no one had claimed responsibility for them , he said . Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf condemned the blasts . "  The prime minister , while expressing his heartfelt condolences and sympathies with the bereaved families , reiterated the government 's resolve to stamp out the menace of militancy and terrorism from the country in its all shapes and manifestations , " his office said in a statement . "  He said that such cowardly acts would not deter the government from fighting the menace of terrorism . "	NEW : Police say the death toll from Quetta bomb explosions jumped to 93 Police say they believe a security checkpoint was the first target Children are among the dead , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- Protesters rallied in Washington on Saturday to raise awareness of violence in the Democratic Republic of Congo following contested elections there in November . They said they traveled from 25 states to deliver an urgent message to U.S. President Barack Obama . "  We need President Obama to help restore the leadership the Congo needs , " said George Alula , president of the Movement of the Congolese Unity . He urged the international community to recognize opposition candidate Etienne Tshisekedi as the election 's legitimate winner . Congo 's highest court struck down a lawsuit challenging the election results in December , declaring incumbent Joseph Kabila the winner . "  We are frustrated because the Congolese people gave their voice in the November elections ... We know that the election organized in Congo was fraudulent , " said Alula . International and national election observers have strongly questioned the veracity of the results , citing a lack of credibility and transparency . Late last month , Human Rights Watch said security forces have killed more than 24 people and arbitrarily detained dozens more since Kabila was declared the winner . Ben Kalala , who returned from Kinshasa just a few days ago and is president of the Congolese Foundation of America , accused the Congolese president of intimidating citizens and denying them their political voice . "  You see the military in cities ready to kill -- like the country is at war , " he said . The November elections were only the second democratic vote in the country since the end of its civil war in 2003 . The 2006 election , which brought Kabila to power , was declared largely free and fair by international observers .	Protesters want President Obama to "  help restore the leadership the Congo needs " President Kabila was inaugurated in December after a contested election Security forces have killed more than 24 people since the result , a rights group says
CNN  -- On the sixth anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , CNN asked users to share their stories of heroes from that fateful day and how they were being remembered . Sarah Glasgow of Easton , Pennsylvania , sent this photo of a 9/11 memorial made up of flags and shoes . Below is a selection of those responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Joshua Miller of Peoria , Illinois I would like to remember Patrick "  Joe " Driscoll today . He lost his life aboard United Airlines Flight 93 on the morning of September 11 , 2001 . He was traveling with his friend , Billy Cashman , from New Jersey to California for a hiking trip . Joe was a man in his 70s who had had heart bypass surgery and hip replacement surgery . These physical setbacks did n't stop a feisty guy from New York City . He went on to live an active life . He was a fighter who had a gentle side . He adored his grandchildren , his children , and his wife . Joe is greatly missed . So many of us are so very proud of him . To ease my grief over the losses we all share from that terrible day , I often think of the passage from the gospel of John : "  Greater love hath no man than this , that a man lay down his life for his friends . " Thank you , Joe . You did just that . Jennifer Brower of Alexandria , Virginia Ray Downey , the most decorated firefighter in the history of New York City , a tireless soldier in the battle for the safety and security of the people of the United States , and an amazing father and grandfather , died in the command post in New York City on September 11 , 2001 . I had the honor of getting to know Ray through our work on the Gilmore Commission . My daughter is named after him , and he is a constant source of inspiration whenever I am scared to do things . I do not know whether he was scared , but it certainly never stopped him . Anne-Marie Canter of San Francisco , California I had three heroes on that day . Two of them were firemen walking up the stairs of the North Tower as we were all walking down and out . We had been backed up on the stairwells and some people were starting to panic but when the two firemen came up and told us all to carry on walking , we would get out and they just walked up the stairs past us . They had such brave , courageous faces and their voices were so confident . They carried on up the stairs and we all felt much better and continued our way down . We all got out but I do n't think they did and I will never forget those brave faces and the hope their strong voices gave us . My other hero is my friend Debbie -- she walked down next to me all the way and kept cheerful and even managed to make me smile when she made a joke about what a mess our mascara must be -- it sounds silly but at that point we all had no idea what was going on outside but we needed to distract ourselves from some of the smells and sounds in the stairwell and seeing someone so calm made me feel a lot calmer . We all are so much stronger than we think , and our actions have such an impact on those around us . Jennifer Taylor of Upland , California I believe that those of us who have continued on with our lives , continued to travel , work , pray , love and care for one another and stand by our way of life are heroes ! I believe all of those who lost their lives that day would have wanted no less . We will never forget you , not one of you !!! Theju Mudda of Bangalore , India My deep condolences to the innocent people who got killed in the 9/11 event . The event should be remembered as Heroes Day -- for the people who sacrificed their lives trying to save other lives and for the people who gave their lives for no mistake of theirs . God bless their families ! Emory Baird of Brodnax , Virginia A quick game of shuffleboard -LSB- was -RSB- interrupted by an intercom announcement declaring one of the Trade Center towers had been hit by a stray plane . Completely oblivious to what was happening , I continued my game . As a result of the events and disappointment in myself over my reaction , I am now a state certified firefighter . I can only pray for the courage you all showed . A special thanks to FDNY , we have n't forgotten you . From Company 2 to you , thank you . You set the example for the world . Gil Gonzales of Houston , Texas My heartfelt prayers go out to the families of all who died on 9/11 . May God help them overcome their grief . Christina Joseph of Chicago , Illinois As a person who was there in NYC watching the monuments of my city fall down , I can only remember the compassion . The firefighters who came from all over the United States to help , to offer support and just to be there . The many doors of religious organizations that were open day and nights to offer solace . One such church was on Park Avenue near Grand Central and it had a sign that just said "  come in and sit " and it did not matter who you were , where you came from , we all needed each other . We still do . Daniel S. Martin of Manchester , Connecticut My younger brother who is an American Airlines pilot flew on 9/11/01 from Boston 's Logan to NYC 's Kennedy and finally San Diego . He left Boston around 6 or 6:30 a.m. , landed in NYC , took off no problem and headed to the West Coast around 8:30 or so . ... Unfortunately , we all know the rest of the story . ... He was ordered to land in Indiana , which he did , arriving safely  knees shaking !  with his crew , passengers and aircraft . ... He 's my hero . Benedict Albensi of Winnipeg , Manitoba I am an American who lives and works in Winnipeg as a medical professor . I have been flying the American flag in my neighborhood all week as a tribute to those heroes and other victims who lost their lives on 9/11 . Last July here in Winnipeg , someone put a Nazi swastika on my car 's American flag sticker . So now I fly the U.S. flag a lot more than I used to . It is not trendy to be an American in many foreign countries right now . Living in a foreign country I find myself having to advocate why the USA is still the greatest country in the world . It is a tough sell these days . As Americans we have to let the world know that America has problems but we are not "  the " problem . J.E. Seaman of Huntington , New York We never mention nearly often enough the flight attendants on all the planes , but especially AA Flight 11 . Talk about guts , they identified the hijackers before the first plane hit . Talk about professionals ! Talk about the courageous ! Matt Williams of Katy , Texas I will be honoring the many victims and heroes of that day by wearing a 9/11 pin that was given to me by an Army buddy of mine . This will be the fourth year that I will wear it . I wear it only September 11 . Natasha Jenkins of Ottawa , Kansas I was a senior in high school , sitting in a college prep class , early on the morning of September 11 , 2001 . I remember my English teacher hustling into the room to share the news about the first tower being hit just as our class was starting . Unknowing , I made a silly comment to the English teacher about something random and I 'll never forget the look she gave me . Once we had the TV tuned in to CNN , I felt as though my innocence and naive nature had been forever changed . This year , I will remember the fallen with my own students , as this is my first year of teaching . I plan on discussing the event , the aftermath , and the memories with my sophomore world history students . Tim of Dothan , Alabama "  Heroes " ? A media term we sometimes use for comfort . Perhaps it 's easier to reconcile the deaths of 3,000 of our fellow Americans if we refer to them as heroes -- it implies that they died for a noble reason . Perhaps it 's less traumatic to lose a loved one if we can justify calling them a "  hero . " But the sad fact is , many of those we lost , including my brother , simply got up that morning to face another  supposed  mundane day on the job . It 's been six years , and the word "  hero " still brings no comfort , no reconciliation . Justin Wright of Salt Lake City , Utah I remember it as clear as day . You do n't ever forget images like what I saw on the television that morning or throughout the remainder of that particular day . The mere fact that United Airlines Flight 93 did n't make it to its target is a simple testimony to the spirit and dogged fight that there is in the people of this country . I think of those who gave their lives . ... May God bless all those on 9/11/01 who went before us . Laura Keefner of Great Barrington , Massachusetts My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of 9/11 and their families and our country . That horrific day lives in my mind and I will never forget . A flag hangs outside my house every day , and I hope the rest of America displays the flag this day and every day . This is your country , and people flock here every day because of all the USA has to offer . I am proud to be an American and I wish the country could go back to the days after 9/11 when we were so united and proud of our country . Now there is so much bickering between political parties and the American people . God bless all the victims of 9/11 , all policemen , emergency workers , firefighters and our military . They are my true heroes . Michael White of London , England When the planes flew into the World Trade Center , I just could not believe it . Afterwards , I was contracted to expand the fiber optics at the morgue to accommodate the newly installed trailers for identification of the dead . I watched as our fallen firefighters and police officers ' remains were brought in for identification . I do n't think I will ever forget the heroes who gave their lives for others . E-mail to a friend	Sixth anniversary of 9/11 being marked in New York , Washington , Pennsylvania CNN.com readers share thoughts and memories of 9/11 heroes I-Report : Share your photos , memories of 9/11 heroes
Jerusalem  CNN  -- When Tanya Rosenblit boarded an inter-city bus bound for Jerusalem from her native Ashdod Friday morning , she did not anticipate the storm it would spark within Israel . The public bus she boarded normally carries ultra-Orthodox passengers and travels to an ultra-Orthodox neighborhood in Jerusalem . As a matter of custom women sit in the back portion of the bus , because the ultra-Orthodox avoid mingling of the sexes according to their beliefs . She was the first passenger that morning on the bus and took a seat behind the driver . As the bus took on more passengers along its route , an ultra-orthodox man demanded she should sit in the back of the bus as is the custom on that route . "  I heard him call me ` Shikse , ' " Rosenblit wrote on her Facebook page , referencing a Yiddish term for a non-Jewish woman . "  He demanded I sit in the back of the bus , because Jewish men could n't sit behind women  !!!  . I refused . " "  This is my home town of Ashdod , I live in an Israeli democracy , people can not tell me where to sit on a bus . " An argument ensued and ultimately the bus driver called the police to intervene , but not before a crowd of black-clad ultra-orthodox men had gathered outside the bus . "  I was starting to get scared , to tell you the truth , " Rosenblit recalled . "  There were like 20 of them , all wearing black . Most of them were just curious , but they were definitely on his side . " Rosenblit snapped throughout this disruption , and said she was comfortable knowing that Israeli law was on her side . In a case brought by an Israeli woman earlier this year , the country 's Supreme Court ruled that involuntary separation between the sexes on public buses was against the law . The responding police officer tried to talk to everyone and calm things down . Rosenblit said he asked if she was willing to show respect for the objectors and move to the back of the bus . She refused and , after a 30-minute delay , the bus moved on to Jerusalem with her sitting up front . A day after posting the account on Facebook , Rosenblit 's story was picked up by the Israeli media , which has been devoting a lot of coverage to the public outcry over the growing political power of the ultra-Orthodox in Israel , and fears they are forcing the generally secular Israeli public to adopt their religious standards . Israel 's largest circulation newspaper put her story on its front page with the headline , "  They Wo n't Tell Me Where to Sit , " and compared Rosenblit to the American civil rights movement 's legendary Rosa Parks . On Sunday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu brought up her story in his weekly cabinet meeting . "  Up until this day we have agreed to live in peace with mutual respect by all sectors of the Israeli society , " he told his government ministers . "  In recent days we witness attempts to break this coexistence apart . Today , for example , I have heard of an attempt to move a woman from her seat on a bus . I oppose this unequivocally . I believe we must not allow margins groups to break our common denominator and we must keep our public spaces open and safe for all of our citizens . We must find the uniting and mediating ground rather than the things that divide and separate us . " Netanyahu said . Rosenblit also received a call from Israel 's opposition leader , Tzipi Livni , who offered her support and called her a symbol of determination against "  anti-democratic radicalization that pushes women away from the public space . " A spokesman for Egged , the transportation company that runs the bus line , told CNN in a statement that it "  does not deal with seating arrangements " on its buses and that "  even if there are population groups that prefer to sit separately due to their beliefs , it is a voluntary choice and does not bind the other passengers . " Rosenblit describes herself as secular and said she did not ride the bus looking for a confrontation . She said what motivated her to write about her experience was not "  not to declare the Orthodox Jews as pure evil and the oppressors of human rights and liberties , " but to point out what she sees as societal problem in Israel . "  There are a lot of lovely things about religion , but forcing people to choose religion is wrong , " she said . "  It is wrong to use religion as an excuse to eliminate people 's basic rights : the right for freedom and the right for dignity . "	Women sit in the back portion of the bus because ultra-Orthodox avoid mingling of sexes Tanya Rosenblit was first passenger that morning on bus and took a seat behind the driver Rosenblit : ' I live in an Israeli democracy , people can not tell me where to sit on a bus ' Supreme Court : Involuntary separation between sexes on public buses against the law
CNN  -- The father of three missing Michigan boys has no "  established relationship " with a mystery woman that he claimed he left his sons with before unsuccessfully trying to commit suicide , a police chief investigating the boys ' disappearance said Monday . John Skelton , the father , told police that he dropped the boys off Friday morning with a woman he identified as Joann Taylor , in part to ensure that they did not witness his suicide . Authorities said Skelton 's suicide attempt was not successful , and he is being held at a mental health facility . "  There is no established relationship between he and the person that he described to us as Joann Taylor , " Chief of Morenci Police , Larry Weeks , told reporters . The police chief asked for the public 's help with information regarding Skelton 's blue 2000 Dodge Caravan , later discovered by police , that was believed to be carrying the boys between 2:30 p.m. Thursday to 1:30 p.m. Friday . Skelton told police that Taylor was supposed to take the boys to the boy 's home in Morenci , a southern Michigan town of about 2,400 people about 40 miles west-northwest of Toledo , Ohio , around 3 p.m. Friday . But the boys -- 5-year-old Tanner Skelton , 7-year-old Alexander William Skelton and 9-year-old Andrew Skelton -- never arrived and police are n't sure whether John Skelton 's story is true . They say they do n't know whether Taylor is real . "  We remain hopeful , " Weeks said Monday . "  That 's why we 're doing what we 're doing , and hope to bring these boys home . " Authorities issued an Amber Alert on Friday . The last nonfamily member saw the boys at 5 p.m. on Thursday , according to the chief . The alert notes that Tanner is 3 feet , 6 inches tall , has strawberry blond hair , blue eyes and weighs about 40 pounds . Alexander is 3 feet , 9 inches tall , has brown hair and eyes , weighs about 45 pounds and has scars on his hairline and chin . The oldest brother , Andrew , is 4 feet , 1 inch tall , has brown hair and eyes and weighs roughly 57 pounds . Kathye Herrera , a family spokeswoman , spoke to reporters Sunday , thanking neighbors who have searched for the boys and prayed for their safe return . "  We 've got three great little boys out there , and we 're going to get them back , " she said . Authorities asked the public Sunday for help in locating three young boys missing for several days . "  We need calls . We need tips . Anything that 's out there , no matter how incredible you may think it is , call . Let us know , " said Andy Arena , a special agent with the FBI .	NEW : Police : father of missing boys has no relationship with a mystery woman he claimed he left his sons with Tanner , Alexander and Andrew Skelton have been missing for several days Dad John Skelton told police he dropped them off with a woman before attempting suicide Police still do n't know whether the woman he mentioned is real or not
CNN  -- A man and woman pleaded guilty to participating in a Romania-based Internet car sales scam that cost U.S. victims more than $ 4 million , federal prosecutors said Friday . The scheme allegedly advertised nonexistent vehicles for sale on websites that included eBay Motors , AutoTrader , Yahoo Auto , edmunds.com and Cragslist . Corneliu Weikum , 38 , a Romanian national who lives in Germany , and Yulia Mishina-Heffron , 24 , of Russia , entered the pleas Thursday in Las Vegas , according to a statement from the U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California , which helped prosecute the case . The defendants forfeited more than $ 1.2 million in cash and agreed to pay restitution to the victims , prosecutors said . If a federal judge accepts the plea agreements , they will be sentenced December 21 . "  After negotiating with members of the conspiracy in Romania , victims of the scam were instructed to deposit the money for the cars into bank accounts established at the direction of Weikum and Mishina-Heffron , " according to the statement . "  Associates withdrew the money and gave it to Weikum and Mishina-Heffron , who would then smuggle the money out of the United States in the form of cash and wire transfers . " The pair pleaded guilty to two counts , one involving smuggling bulk cash out of the United States , the other involving a plot to commit bank and wire fraud . The agreements call for Weikum to receive a 97-month prison sentence , and Mishina-Heffron 70 months . The maximum statutory sentence is 35 years ' imprisonment . According to prosecutors , more than $ 1 million was seized in October 2009 from Weikum 's luggage at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas . In March 2010 , officers found $ 20,000 stuffed into stereo speakers Mishina-Heffron attempted to ship to Germany , the statement said .	Scheme operated out of Romania , federal prosecutors say It offered nonexistent autos for sale on websites Man , woman plead guilty
Six months after a passenger ferry sank off the coast of South Korea , a victim 's body was discovered inside the wreckage on Tuesday . The body was found on the fourth floor in the women 's bathroom , located at the center of the sunken Sewol ferry , according to the South Korea joint task force , in charge of the search . The body has not been retrieved yet , due to poor water visibility and limited space . Search officials believe the victim is female . Nine victims remain missing after the ferry sank on April 16 , killing at least 295 people . The underwater search has continued in the months following the disaster , depending on weather conditions . Officials have said they will not stop the search operation unless families wish otherwise . But questions have swirled over what could happen to the search as winter approaches . The Yonhap News Agency in South Korea reported that it has been 102 days since the last body was recovered from the ferry . The ferry sank 195 days ago . The Sewol disaster caused widespread outrage in the country over lax safety standards and the failure to rescue more people as the ship foundered . Several members of the crew are facing trial -- including the captain who will learn his verdict on November 11 . Prosecutors seek death penalty for ferry captain	Body found inside women 's bathroom in sunken Sewol ferry Nine remain missing after the deadly sinking in April 16
For thousands of prison inmates convicted of crack cocaine charges , the prison doors will be opening early , thanks to sentencing changes easing the disparity between the penalties for possessing or distributing crack vs. powder cocaine . Congress passed the Fair Sentencing Act in August 2010 , changing the 100-to-1 disparity between minimum sentences for crack and powder cocaine to 18 to 1 . The U.S. Sentencing Commission voted this summer to make the reduced crack penalties retroactive , which means more than 12,000 current inmates are eligible to request reduced sentences . The retroactivity took effect Tuesday . The Sentencing Commission estimates that inmates will have an average of three years chopped off their sentences . An estimated 1,800 inmates became eligible for release immediately because they had already served enough time , and prosecutors did not object to their release . Critics of the old sentencing system say it was unfair to African-Americans , who make up the majority of those convicted of possessing and distributing crack . "  This really has been one of the great stains on our federal criminal justice system for 20 years or more , " said Michael Nachmanoff , the federal public defender for the Eastern District of Virginia . "  This disparity between the punishment for crack cocaine and powder was really unjustified . " Nachmanoff noted under the old guidelines someone who had just 5 grams of crack cocaine would receive a mandatory minimum sentence of five years . But someone would have to have 500 grams of powdered cocaine to receive a similar sentence . Nachmanoff 's district is believed to have the largest number of people in the country -- between 800 and 900 people -- who might benefit from the reduced sentencing guidelines on crack . He said 75 of his clients were expected to be released on the first day of retroactivity . "  A lot of people have been sitting in jail for a long time not because they did n't commit crimes , but because the punishment they faced was too harsh and unjustified compared to other people who had committed similar crimes in similar ways , " Nachmanoff told CNN . He said reduced sentences will not be automatic . Judges must review the cases and determine whether an early release of an inmate represents a danger to the community . William Johnson , a Virginia man convicted of conspiracy to distribute cocaine in 1997 , was one of those released Tuesday . "  It 's unbelievable . I 'm ecstatic , " Johnson told CNN . " The 39-year-old father of four said he only found out Monday he would be released the next day . Under the terms of his original sentence , he would have been eligible for release in October 2018 , and that sentence was reduced a few years ago so that his revised release date was June 2014 . Johnson , who identified himself as an African-American , said there seemed to be a racial component to the different sentences given out in the past for crack and powder cocaine , but he said he would n't describe himself as bitter . "  I do n't have time for it , " said Johnson . He said he 's concentrating on catching up with family members and making plans to go into business cleaning office buildings . Families Against Mandatory Minimums has fought for changes in mandatory cocaine penalties for years . "  Most mandatory sentences are so high and so rigid that judges ca n't get around them , so people are going to prison for extraordinarily long times , way beyond what they need to learn their lessons , " said FAMM spokeswoman Julie Stewart . But even with the changes , there is still an 18-to-1 disparity in sentences for crack and powder cocaine offenses . Nachmanoff said now a person with crack will have to have 28 grams before triggering a mandatory five-year minimum sentence . But the person with powder cocaine still must have a much larger amount -- at least 500 grams . "  Ultimately the right answer is 1 to 1 , and people in the law enforcement community and the criminal justice system recognize that , " said Nachmanoff . "  But that just means that there 's still more work to do . "	U.S. Sentencing Commission voted to make reduced minimum penalties retroactive More than 12,000 current inmates will be eligible for reduced sentences Some inmates were released Tuesday , the first day of retroactivity Critics said the old system unfairly penalized African-Americans
CNN  Let me say at the start that there is no way around the topic of nakedness in front of your children without getting personal and slightly uncomfortable . I 'm already feeling somewhat tense as I type this . I joke that the only person who should have to see me naked is my husband . He signed up for it , right ? My kids certainly did n't . A lifetime of body image issues means I 'm not one to walk around naked at home . But I do n't cover up around my daughters , 7 and 8 , when I 'm getting dressed or in the bathroom , either . I do n't want them to think there is anything wrong with my body or theirs . And when they ask hilarious questions such as "  Mom , why do your boobs hang ? , " I ca n't help but laugh and use the opportunity as a chance to tell them my body has changed over time and theirs will , too . ` Brutally Honest ' : When is it OK to leave your teen home alone overnight ? In conversations over email with mothers and fathers across the country and in Canada , it 's clear there is no "  one size fits all ' " approach to the questions of whether it 's OK to be naked in front of your kids and if there 's an age when it 's no longer OK . Rhonda Woods , a mother of three , says ever since her children , now 20 , 13 and 13 , were little , she and her husband have been teaching them not to be ashamed of their bodies . They have also never hidden their bodies from their kids , she said . "  As they get older , my husband is more discreet around our daughters and I am more discreet around our son . Not because we are uncomfortable , but because they may be , " said Woods , a real estate agent in New Milford , Connecticut . "  So when it is time for me to undress , I tell whichever of my kids is in my room talking to me , that I plan to do so and they have the option to leave . " ` Brutally Honest ' : What if you do n't like your kids ' friends ? Comfort is key A common theme I heard from parents is comfort . If both you and your children are comfortable with you being naked in front of them , there is n't anything "  inherently wrong with that at all , " said Avital Norman Nathman , who says her 8-year-old son is used to seeing her and her husband naked on occasion when they are getting dressed or in the shower . "  If my son were ever to say or even act as if he was uncomfortable by it , we would of course respect that , " said Norman Nathman , editor of the motherhood anthology "  The Good Mother Myth : Redefining Motherhood to Fit Reality " and founder of the blog The Mamafesto . "  Nudity , when it 's within your home and 100 % nonsexualized , is n't going to traumatize a child , especially if you 're all on the same page , are all consenting and are all comfortable with it . " Nancy Friedman , a New York City mom of two middle schoolers , said while every child is different , most kids make it clear when their mom or dad 's nudity no longer works for them . ` Brutally Honest ' : Mean girls are getting younger "  I think your kids let you know when it 's time to stop being naked in front of them -- usually about the time they decide they do n't want to be naked in front of you , " said Friedman , co-founder of the video sharing site for tweens called KidzVuz . As children age , they certainly develop their own sense of modesty around others , said Micky Morrison , a mom of two in Islamorada , Florida , and founder of BabyWeightTV . "  But even my 12-year-old son does n't hesitate to undress in front of me . I figure that he will one day , and that 's OK , " said Morrison . "  Perhaps one day he will avert his eyes or become uncomfortable with my nudity as well . And that 's OK , too . " Amanda Rodriguez , a mom of three boys in Frederick , Maryland , said she reached a point with each of her sons , usually no later than age 5 , when she thought it was no longer OK to be nude around them . "  I began to feel uncomfortable being naked in front of them because of the questions and the poking and prodding and search for Mommy 's ` inside penis ' -- that 's what they thought a vagina was , " said Rodriguez , founder of the blog Dude Mom . "  I do n't think it makes them terrible people or scars them for life if they stumble into the bathroom while I 'm going , but it 's easily avoidable awkwardness none of us really needs to experience on a daily basis . " Terry Greenwald , a divorced father of three , puts himself solidly in the no-being-naked-in-front-of-kids ' camp . "  It would be very difficult to teach children any sort of modesty and humility if a parent thought it OK to be naked in front of their children . It also would bring up questions and conversations they might not be ready to handle , " he said . Blogger : Why I want my sons to see me naked A few months back , a post by blogger Rita Templeton about why she wants her four sons -- ages 2 , 5 , 6 and 9 -- to see her naked , was republished on The Huffington Post and went viral . Templeton said she wanted her sons to see what "  real " women look like before they are bombarded with an ideal in the media that does n't match reality . "  Before they are exposed to boobs that are as round and firm as cantaloupes and pictures of taut , airbrushed , dimple-less butts , I 'm exposing them to a different kind of female body . Mine , " wrote Templeton , who blogs at Fighting Off Frumpy . Her words led to an onslaught of hate mail , nasty tweets and accusations she 's sexualizing her sons , she said . Buzz Bishop , a father of two boys in Calgary , wrote a blog post of his own in part as a response to all the outrage . He says he has been playing games called "  naked baby " and "  naked daddy " at bath time since his children were little while at the same time he teaches his kids not to stare when they are in the open shower in the men 's bathroom at their neighborhood pool . "  Rita 's doing what works for  her  . I 'm doing what works for me . You 're doing what works for you . And we 're all just trying to teach our kids a little respect for each other , and themselves , " said Bishop , who writes about parenting on his blog Dad Camp . There does n't seem to be much science to help guide us on whether it 's better or worse for your child , or it makes no difference at all , if they see you naked . I could n't find many studies when I searched for them , and those I found had conflicting findings . For instance , one study found no negative impact on adolescents who regularly saw their parents naked at ages 3 and 6 , but another study found that parental nudity when kids were ages 6 to 11 resulted in more permissive attitudes about sex and increased sexual frequency . For some parents , like Maryellen , a mom of two young girls on Long Island , who only wanted to use her first name , it 's all about convenience . "  I 'll be honest . Sometimes it 's easier and faster just to pull them into the shower with me , " she said . "  But my girls are 4 and 6 . A year from now I may not be doing it any longer . By then , they may be showering by themselves  dare to hope ?  " Do you think it 's OK to be naked in front of your kids ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	In "  Brutally Honest " video series , Kelly Wallace tackles provocative parenting questions There is no one size fits all answer to whether it 's OK to be naked in front of your kids , parents say Studies show conflicting findings on the impact of parental nudity on kids
CNN  Her murder shocked a nation , but according to the slain woman 's father , it also woke Turkey up . Ozgecan Aslan 's body was found last month , burned and abandoned , just days after her family reported her missing . She allegedly fought off a sexual assault before being killed by the driver of a bus she 'd taken to go home . Her death sparked widespread protests . "  A country woke up , " Aslan 's father , Mehmet Aslan , told CNN in a phone interview . "  There was no way for so many people to come together over a single killing . But , I know that my Ozgecan was sent for a reason . And as devastating it is , it was her part , her destiny to wake people up . " Aslan , 20 , was a first-year university student . She studied psychology . "  My Ozge lived for peace , " her father said . "  For peace , love and beauty . She believed in a better tomorrow . " Since her death , hundreds of thousands of protesters have taken to the streets and online , demanding Turkey do more to protect women . They say the problem is cultural ; it 's also criminal . Bianet , a Turkish group that tracks violence against women , reports that at least 281 women were killed in Turkey in 2014 -- up 31 % from the previous year . According to Hulya Gulbahar , a Turkish activist and women 's rights lawyer , laws are irregularly applied . "  In a majority of Turkey 's female abuse cases , the perpetrators receive mitigations in their sentences due to court 's detection of consent granted by the victim , " Gulbahar said . "  In some cases , wearing a miniskirt or some cleavage got the woman 's rapist mitigation in his punishment , while in some cases the consent was attached to her wearing red . " It 's unclear what will happen in Aslan 's case . Three suspects have been arrested in her death , Turkey 's semiofficial news agency Anadolu has reported . The agency identified the main suspect as 26-year-old Ahmet Suphi Altindoken and said that he had confessed . Aslan reportedly fought him using pepper spray , which had been given to her by her mother . Although he is heartbroken and angry , Mehmet Aslan is n't out for revenge . In fact , his family has received donations from across the country and is planning to use those to set up a rehabilitation center -- not for women who are abused but for men who abuse . "  We must surrender to love , " he told CNN . "  Otherwise , we all lose . " Aslan 's murder is similar in many ways to well-known case in India . There , a student was attacked by five men on a public bus in 2012 . She was raped and later died from her injuries . Like Aslan 's murder , her death triggered massive outrage and nationwide protests . And like Turkey , India has a serious problem when it comes to women 's rights . Out of 142 countries , Turkey ranks 125th  India ranks 114th  on the World Economic Forum 's 2014 gender gap index . On Sunday , some 3,000 women marched in Istanbul to mark International Women 's Day , Anadolu reported . The female-only rally was dedicated in Aslan 's memory . "  Ozgecan 's screams have indeed been heard . Maybe not that very instant , but later -- and in millions of hearts , " said Mehmet Aslan .	Ozgecan Aslan allegedly fought off a sexual assault before being killed Her death triggered widespread protests , including one on International Women 's Day
U.S. Brig. Gen. Terence Hildner died in Kabul of apparent natural causes , officials said , making him the highest ranking officer to die in Afghanistan . He was 49 . Hildner , who was commander of the 13th Expeditionary Sustainment Command , Fort Hood , Texas , was in Afghanistan to support the NATO training mission . "  The unfortunate and untimely death of Brigadier General Hildner was a shock to our unit and Families , " Col. Knowles Atchison , 13th ESC rear commander , said in a statement posted on the Fort Hood website . "  Both forward deployed elements and we at home station are deeply saddened by this loss . We will all pull together through this difficult period and care for one another . " The circumstances surrounding his death are under investigation , the statement said . Hildner graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1984 and attended the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College in 1997 . A Connecticut native , he listed his home in Fairfax , Virginia . In 2003 , Hildner assumed command of the 13th Corps Support Command 's Special Troops Battalion at Fort Hood . That battalion conducted two operational deployments during his years in command -- the first in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom , the second in the wake of Hurricane Katrina . Previously , Hildner served in Iraq during Operation Desert Storm and participated in the last U.S. patrol along the East-West German border before its reunification .	Terence Hildner , 49 , died of "  apparent natural causes " He was commander of the 13th Expeditionary Sustainment Command Hildner was in Afghanistan to support the NATO training mission His death is under investigation
CNN  -- Liverpool are waiting to learn the extent of the injury which prevented captain Steven Gerrard playing in the club 's 2-0 win at West Bromwich Albion on Saturday , manager Kenny Dalglish has said . England international Gerrard , 31 , missed the match after picking up an infection in his right ankle , having only recently recovered from a groin injury which has restricted the midfielder to just four English Premier League appearances this season . Dalglish also faced questions on the fitness of former England defender Jamie Carragher , who was ruled out of the match at the Hawthorns with a calf strain . "  Carragher has a calf strain . Steven Gerrard has an infection in his ankle , " Dalglish , 60 , told a press conference . "  Steven was in my mind for the game today but it just flared up . "  We are off tomorrow , so we 'll have a more accurate idea on Monday or Tuesday when we return to training . We will be more accurate next week than what we can be now . " Dalglish , who also managed the Anfield club between 1985 and 1991 , praised the injured duo , while also expressing his delight at seeing his charges pick up three points without two of the team 's most influential players . "  We are certainly much better with them in the squad than out of it , " he said . "  They have done magnificently for this football club and they will continue to do magnificently for us too . "  They will continue to make a contribution , even now . I suppose it is a reflection on the strength of the squad when the two talisman figures are not playing and you still come and put on such a top performance . " Gerrard and Carragher are products of the Liverpool youth academy , with both players part of the team which earned a penalty shoot-out victory over Italian side AC Milan in the 2005 European Champions League final . Dalglish will hope to have the duo available for the home match against Swansea City on Saturday .	Liverpool are waiting to learn how long injured captain Steven Gerrard will be out for Gerrard , 31 , missed Saturday 's win over West Brom with an ankle infection Kenny Dalglish was also without defender Jamie Carragher at the Hawthorns
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The health of several of the world 's biggest banks has been called into question following the decision by Moody 's to downgrade their credit ratings . In all , 15 institutions were downgraded after Wall Street closed Thursday , including Bank of America , Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan , Morgan Stanley , Citigroup , Royal Bank of Scotland , Barclays , HSBC , Credit Suisse , UBS , BNP Paribas , Credit Agricole , Societe Generale , Deutsche Bank and Royal Bank of Canada . "  All of the banks affected by today 's actions have significant exposure to the volatility and risk of outsized losses inherent to capital markets activities , " Moody 's Global Banking Managing Director Greg Bauer said in a statement . How the major banks are affected The banks were unimpressed with the move , with many questioning how the ratings agencies make their decisions . Citi called its two-notch downgrade "  arbitrary and completely unwarranted , " according to CNNMoney . So how did the global economy become so dependent on the opinions of three companies ? Who are the credit rating agencies ? The "  big three " are Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's Investor Services and Fitch Ratings . All originated in the United States , although Fitch has dual headquarters in New York and London . What do they do ? Before you can get a credit card , banks run a credit check on you . Similarly , the ratings agencies run credit checks on companies , countries and financial products -- and banks themselves . The agencies assess their the ability to pay off loans or investments and then rate them on a sliding scale , ranging from AAA to D . In the case of government bonds , anything that slips to BB + , as was the case with crisis-hit Greece , is considered a "  highly speculative " investment : or "  junk bonds " in the parlance of the markets . Stocks plunge on downgrade fears In the context of Thursday 's announcement , Moody 's grouped the 15 banks into three categories based on their credit worthiness . JPMorgan , HSBC and the Royal Bank of Canada made up the top group , which Moody 's said had solid capital buffers and "  contained " exposure to the European crisis . The second group included Goldman Sachs , Societe Generale , Barclays , Credit Agricole , BNP Paribas , Credit Suisse , Deutsche Bank and UBS . Moody 's said these firms had varying risk factors , from high dependence on capital markets operations to limited liquidity and exposure to Europe . Bank of America , Citigroup , Morgan Stanley , and Royal Bank of Scotland  RBS  made up the bottom -- and weakest -- group of banks . Moody 's said these companies experienced problems with volatility and risk management , while their financial "  shock absorbers " are in some cases thinner or less reliable than their peers . Credit Suisse took the biggest hit from the Moody 's announcement , suffering a three-notch downgrade , just days after Switzerland 's central bank warned it to bolster its capital . What does a debt rating downgrade mean ? Banks could see their costs rise as it becomes more expensive for them to borrow money . Officially they are now a riskier proposition for lenders because of their exposure to events such as the European debt crisis . These additional costs -- potentially billions of dollars -- could eventually be passed to the banks ' customers through higher interest rates on loans and mortgages . Why do the agencies wield such power ? Investors across the world look to credit ratings agencies to judge where to place their bets in the market . For governments , the ratings agencies have a lot of power over the popularity of bonds : cash given to governments like Greece by investors that , over time , will pay a return on the original investment -- unless the government defaults . The downgrade of Greece signaled Standard & Poor 's belief that Greece has a higher likelihood to default on investments . It caused investors to lose their appetite to invest in bonds from Greece , which imperils the nation 's ability to pay down its deficit . How are ratings agencies paid ? Historically , they were created to give investors an unbiased assessment of investments and investors paid for access to the ratings . In the 1970s , however , credit rating agencies started charging the issuers of new investments fees for ratings . In 1975 , U.S. legislators -- fearing a proliferation of unscrupulous ratings agencies -- designated Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's and Fitch as the only ratings organizations banks and brokers could use to evaluate the credit worthiness of their products . What are the complaints against the firms ? Critics complain the agencies have lost their ability to independently judge the risk on certain investments -- especially in light of AAA ratings given to mortgage-backed securities that imploded when defaults on U.S. home loans shot up , triggering the 2008 financial crisis . Critics also note that the agencies are paid by the very entities they rate , raising questions about their trustworthiness . Lawmakers in the United States , the European Union and other countries around the world are now reviewing regulations on the credit ratings agencies . Credit ratings agencies , too , have revamped their procedures and have argued their ratings are merely opinions -- it 's up to the markets to decide .	"  Big Three " are Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's Investor Services and Fitch Ratings Critics say the agencies have lost their ability to independently judge risk on certain investments Agencies say they only give opinions on credit ; choices ultimately up to investors 15 of the world 's biggest banks downgraded due to exposure to global financial crisis
CNN  -- The man identified as the double agent who killed eight people at a U.S. base in Afghanistan was a Jordanian doctor recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence source , a senior Jordanian official said Tuesday . A former U.S. intelligence official identified the suicide bomber Monday as Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi . The Jordanian official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said authorities in Jordan arrested al-Balawi more than a year ago "  for some suspicious information related to him " but released him because of a lack of evidence . "  After few months , he got in touch with us through the Internet and sent us several e-mails that include very important and rather dangerous information that might affect the security and stability of the country , " the official said . "  We kept in touch with him through e-mails in order to get more information and also trying to bring him over to be able to get more information . We shared and exchanged the information he gave us with some other friendly countries that are involved in countering terrorism . " The official said Jordan could not confirm that al-Balawi was the bomber , "  because we are not on the ground . " "  But we are not denying that if he is the one , then he is the Jordanian doctor , " the official said . The December 30 blast at a U.S. base in Khost , in southeastern Afghanistan , killed seven CIA operatives including two from private security firm Xe , formerly known as Blackwater . The eighth victim was Jordanian Army Capt. Sharif Ali bin Zeid , a cousin of Jordan 's King Abdullah II . U.S. sources said bin Zeid was the Jordanian operative working closely with al-Balawi , who was from the same hometown as the onetime leader of al Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . Jordanian and U.S. intelligence agencies apparently believed that al-Balawi had been rehabilitated from his extremist views and were using him to hunt Ayman al-Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's No. 2 figure , the former intelligence official said . In a posting on its Web site last week , the Taliban in Afghanistan claimed that the bomber was an Afghan National Army soldier . On Sunday , however , Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud said in an e-mail that his arm of the Islamic movement carried out the attack , using a Jordanian national . Mehsud 's message predicted , "  This will be admitted by the CIA and the Jordanian government . " The attack was "  a huge blow , symbolically and tactically , " because it eliminated such a large number of CIA officers , who can require years to become ingrained in the region , said Reva Bhalla , director of analysis for the international intelligence firm STRATFOR . In addition , the attack showed the ability of the Taliban to penetrate perhaps the most difficult of targets : a CIA base , she said . Former CIA official Robert Richer called it the greatest loss of life for the agency since the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , which killed eight agents . An American intelligence official vowed last week that the United States would avenge the attack .	Jordanian doctor Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi identified as bomber Official : Authorities in Jordan recruited al-Balawi as counterterrorism intelligence Blast at U.S. base in Afghanistan killed seven CIA operatives , Jordanian military officer
CNN  -- Before President Barack Obama 's endorsement of same-sex marriage this week , White House officials gave mixed signals on just how and when the president had originally planned to roll out his support for the issue . Some said an announcement had been in the works for a while and was imminent , while others said that the president intended to reveal his beliefs during a previously scheduled appearance on "  The View " this Monday . Others said the president was going to speak out for same-sex marriage at some point before the Democratic convention . The Democratic sources said that the president knew he had to voice his support before the convention when the Democratic Party is likely to include a pro-same-sex marriage plank in its platform . And whatever timeline he had was moved up after Biden spoke candidly in favor of same-sex marriage during a television interview taped last Friday for NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " During the interview , Biden said he was "  absolutely comfortable " with same-sex marriage , stronger language than the president had used on the matter . White House press advisors were made aware of Biden 's comments after the taping and , according to sources in the media , quickly began preemptive damage control , ahead of the interview 's broadcast on Sunday . Despite the effort , Biden 's comments dominated the political news cycle on Sunday and gained further traction Monday after Education Secretary Arne Duncan said he also supported same-sex marriage in an MSNBC interview that morning . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney was also peppered with questions on the issue during Monday 's White House press briefing . A number of marriage equality advocates quickly seized on the comments , using them as a rallying cry to urge the president to take a firmer stance . Many of the groups even pointed to high-profile Republicans who have voiced support , including former Vice President Dick Cheney and former first lady Laura Bush . Some White House insiders told CNN that Obama had not originally intended to announce his thoughts on same-sex marriage on "  The View , " but some advisers thought it would be the best venue . Others felt that the situation needed to be addressed before then . So on Tuesday ABC 's Robin Roberts was invited to come to the White House for an interview , which was conducted on Wednesday . ABC cut into programming around 3 p.m. ET Wednesday , alerting viewers that Obama had officially expressed support for members of the same gender to legally wed. . "  I 've just concluded that for me , personally , it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married , " Obama said in the interview . The response was instant and dramatic , as Twitter lit up with reactions of celebration and dismay , while political figures flooded reporters ' in-boxes with statements . Everyone seemed to have something to say . Supporters hailed the president 's decision , with many describing it as a historic moment for the movement . Opponents , however , were quick to disagree with his opinion , though some credited Obama for making his position clear . The White House sent talking points to key supporters and surrogates , emphasizing that this was a personal decision the president came to after discussions with his wife and kids , and later reached out to faith leaders . The president 's re-election campaign was already promoting and fundraising off his comments by Thursday morning . Multiple top Democrats said senior Obama aides were deeply annoyed with Biden for forcing the conversation on same-sex marriage earlier than planned . These officials said Biden had , in the past , advised the president against coming out in favor of same-sex marriage because of the potential political downsides , making it all the more frustrating , multiple sources said . All of the sources emphasize , however , the episode will not create a lasting rift between the West Wing and the vice president 's office , as Biden has gone off script before and will do it again , they said . In his "  Meet the Press " interview , Biden mentioned the former NBC comedy "  Will and Grace " as a major catalyst in what he described as a changing , more accepting American culture . The show 's creator , Max Mutchnick , said Wednesday on CBS 's "  This Morning " that Biden had used similar language at a private fundraiser three weeks prior to the interview . He added that the White House was recording Biden while he made the comments at the event . "  This says to me that it was all very choreographed , " Mutchnick said . "  It just does n't seem right to me because it was verbatim to what he had said three weeks earlier ... He was testing the material out of town , and then he took it to a larger house , which was ` Meet the Press . ' " White House officials told CNN that it 's standard practice to record every event the president and vice president attend as a record , whether they 're public or private events . Two people who attended the event dispute Mutcnick 's characterization and say the vice president gave them no reason to believe the president or the White House was going to reveal a change of position on gay marriage . Late Thursday , two senior administration officials told CNN Biden apologized Wednesday to the president for putting him in a tough position . President Obama responded by saying that he knows the vice president was speaking from the heart . Democratic sources added they were not concerned Biden will "  get credit " for the president 's announcement . They say they think most Americans already believed the president was probably in favor of gay marriage . One source added that Obama has a close personal relationship with Biden , one that trumps his advisers ' frustrations . As evidence that the vice president is not in the doghouse -- he has a campaign swing to the critical battleground state of Ohio next week . But , the source said , there is a great deal of interest in keeping the vice president "  on script . " Obama , who once opposed same-sex marriage , had recently taken the official position that his views were "  evolving . " He hinted , however , that he was edging toward embracing same sex marriage , saying at fundraisers there was more work to be done for same-sex couples , leading supporters to believe he would take a clearer position . 1996 document showed Obama favored same-sex marriage Based on past statements some Obama supporters have believed the president long supported same-sex marriage but kept his beliefs private because of the potential political risks . However , top Obama aides insist the president only completed his "  evolution " on this issue several months ago . After that , it was just a question of when he 'd speak out and share his views . CNN 's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Timeline to announce was moved up after Biden 's "  Meet the Press " comments , souces said Sources : White House tried to do preemptive damage control before interview aired President decided to speak after Biden comments dominated Sunday , Monday news cycles
All other arguments aside , the West should not militarily intervene in Iraq . Regardless of what might be said by politicians , Iraqi or not , Western intervention to aid Baghdad in the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  does not constitute a solution to the current crisis , nor does it work towards one . Far from it : direct military intervention by a Western state -- even if Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is requesting it -- would dramatically worsen the situation , and ISIS , contrary to what pro-interventionists might say , would inevitably come out on top . While all options might , as John Kerry said this week , remain on the table at this point , some are more "  on it " than others . Indeed , it seems there is an international consensus that there is no appetite for Western "  boots on the ground "  besides a very limited presence to secure national assets  . If there were to be any intervention , therefore , it seems likely it would take the form of "  targeted strikes " from the air -- be they via drones , jets or missiles . And we are told that in that case , the focus would be exclusively on "  ISIS strongholds " in order to "  minimize civilian casualties . " Removed from the rhetoric of politicos , though , Western intervention would bolster the propaganda efforts of ISIS , for any attack would inevitably kill or injure Muslim civilians , regardless of how well it had been planned or how good the intelligence behind it was . This would be good news for ISIS . Indeed , the group actually relies on its ability to attribute civilian casualties to its enemies . By doing so , it bolsters the skewed jihadist narrative of international politics and presents an opportunity to exaggerate the non-existent "  Crusader threat " and defend the group 's false legitimacy . In short , the more civilians that die , the more events in Iraq can be internationalized , and the wider the appeal of ISIS can become . This effect would be grossly amplified if there were deaths at the hands of the U.S. or the UK . After all , one of the central tenets of the jihadist narrative is the so-called "  War on Islam . " Through this much abused paradigm , any international involvement in a conflict involving Muslims is used by jihadists to fortify their ever-tenuous relevance in the modern world . And even were we to set aside all of the above , we still could not in any way justify intervening against ISIS in Iraq but not against Assad in Syria . Rightly or wrongly , this would be read by the region 's most vulnerable as incontrovertible evidence that the West will only intervene when its own economic prosperity is at stake . Why else would it defend the rights of civilians here and not against Assad after his apparent use of chemical weapons ? The West must ignore Baghdad 's plea for military assistance . We must not play into the jihadists ' hands . Instead , we must focus on humanitarian assistance for refugees and diplomatic pressure on al-Maliki to force him into profound and far-reaching reforms . In the long term , the only solution there can be is a political one : Iraq 's economically and politically marginalized Sunnis need to be brought back into Iraq 's decision-making process . But even if it is not our place to carry out military action , this is not to say that military intervention is categorically inappropriate . Indeed , if the Iraqi national army can not pull itself together , I would argue it is absolutely necessary . However , it must be at the hands of a Sunni Muslim-majority country , in order to diffuse the narrative of Western armed forces once again attacking Muslims . If a country like Turkey or Jordan acts against it , ISIS 's "  War on Islam " rhetoric would not have anywhere near the same impact . Leaving its operational and strategic capacity to regional players , the West 's focus needs to be on ISIS 's ideological heart . We need to undermine its greatest rhetorical asset : that Muslims , worldwide , are under attack by the "  Crusading " West . This can only be achieved with a policy of restraint .	Cooper says Western military intervention would play into ISIS hands Jihadists use ` war on Islam ' to fortify their tenuous relevance to the modern world To undermine that , there needs to be Western restraint Turkey or Jordan could provide firepower ; the West the humanitarian aid
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama is expected to announce Friday the creation of the position of cyber czar , a person who will coordinate the nation 's efforts to protect government and private computer systems from hackers , criminal gangs , terrorists and spies , people familiar with the plan said Thursday . President Obama is expected to announce Friday the creation of the position of "  cyber czar . " The czar will report to both the national security adviser and the head of the National Economic Council , the sources said . Obama will not name anyone Friday to the post because the selection process is ongoing , they said . In addition , the White House will release a 40-page report that sets broad goals for combating cyber intrusions , but does not spell out in detail how to do so , said the sources , who would not agree to be identified because the report has not been released . Shortly after taking office , Obama ordered a 60-day review intended to ensure the federal government 's cyber initiatives were "  appropriately integrated , resourced and coordinated with Congress and the private sector . " Melissa Hathaway , a senior member of the National Security Council who led the review process , told a security conference late last year that a public-private partnership and international alliances would be key to solving cyber security problems . Another senior official said any solution would be a "  team sport " requiring a "  holistic , comprehensive " approach . Administration officials said that representatives of the private sector , government departments and agencies , academics , state and local officials and civil liberties and privacy experts were among those consulted during the review . The Department of Homeland Security reports the number of cyber attacks on government and private networks increased from 4,095 in 2005 to 72,065 in 2008 . This month , a Transportation Department audit -- carried out after hackers got into a support system containing personnel records -- indicated the nation 's air-traffic control system could be at risk . Hathaway expressed concern that critical infrastructures such as the nation 's power grid and financial networks could be vulnerable . "  God forbid if somebody were to take down and or manipulate our financial system , and what would we do , and would it make the current financial crisis look like a walk in the park ? " she asked . Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair recently told reporters the biggest cyber threat facing the United States is from nation states , particularly Russia and China . "  I think China is winning the sweepstakes for the origin of most attacks on U.S. persons and organizations , " he said . The Bush administration 's own review of the matter culminated in the mostly classified National Cybersecurity Initiative , which was enacted in January 2008 . National Security Agency executive Sandra Stenar-Johnson said that plan consisted of 12 initiatives with three goals : reduce the current vulnerabilities in the system , defend against the full spectrum of threats , and develop next-generation technologies to maintain an edge over adversaries . The Bush initiative tapped the Department of Homeland Security as the lead agency in the cyber battle . Senior officials in the Obama administration say the White House will anchor the latest effort , providing guidance and direction to ensure all agencies and departments are working well together .	Obama will announce post Friday , sources say Cyber czar to lead effort to protect government and private computer systems White House will also release report with goals for combating cyber intrusions
CNN  -- A Chinese town has been on lockdown since last week after a man died of the plague . Parts of the city of Yumen was sealed off by police after a 38-year-old man died in a hospital on July 16 , according to state news agency Xinhua . He had contracted pneumonic plague . On the same day of the patient 's death , a quarantine zone was set up , affecting at least 30,000 people living in Yumen city in China 's northwestern Gansu province . The original quarantine period is set for nine days . The deceased had been in contact with a dead marmot , a small furry animal in the squirrel family , according to Xinhua . He had chopped up the dead animal to feed to his dog , reports the AFP . It is not known whether the dog became infected . The plague is a severe bacterial infection of the lung that affects rodents , some animals , and humans . Caused by the same bacteria that leads to the bubonic plague , the pneumonic type is considered more rare but more dangerous as it can be transmitted between humans through inhalation , without the involvement of animals . The China Daily said four quarantine sectors had been set up in Yumen and 151 people who had come into close contact with the deceased patient are under medical observation . None of them have reported any symptoms so far , according to Xinhua . The Center for Disease Control and Prevention in the U.S. says when plague is left untreated , all forms of the disease will rapidly progress to death . Antibiotics that fight the plague bacteria should be given to a patient within 24 hours of the first symptoms . The plague occurs in many places in the world today , including Africa , North and South America and Asia .	A middle-aged man died from pneumonic plague in China last week 151 people who came into contact with the patient have been quarantined Parts of Yumen , a city in northwestern China , have been sealed off
Istanbul  CNN  -- A high-ranking Turkish government minister is calling for the speedy punishment of several police officers who were caught on a police station camera , repeatedly slapping a detained woman in the face and pulling her hair even after she had been hand-cuffed . The video showed an incident that took place nearly five months ago . But the case did not attract national outrage in Turkey until the silent police station camera footage was broadcast last weekend by Turkish television stations . The video showed a heated argument in an office between two plain-clothed police officers and Fevziye Cengiz , a woman who had been arrested and brought to a police station in the western Turkish port city of Izmir last July . Cengiz , who was dressed in shorts and a tank-top , yelled and backed away from the men . Suddenly , the officers started slapping Cengiz and yanking her hair . Later , the camera showed them wrestling Cengiz to the ground as a third man in police uniform occasionally stepped in to help restrain the woman and pick fallen items off the floor . After handcuffing Cengiz , the plain-clothed officers held her against a wall and took turns delivering open-handed blows to her face . "  The incident in Izmir is unacceptable and we definitely consider this incident as one for which the perpetrators should be punished , " said Fatma Sahin , Turkey 's family and social policies minister , in a statement released on her ministry 's web-site on Sunday . "  There is political will and state authority to take the required action in a speedy way . Therefore , both legal and administrative investigations have been launched and those policemen are suspended . " Cengiz ' lawyer told CNN police arrested her client during a raid at an Izmir night club on the night of July 16 . "  The violence against my client , which started when she was taken with the excuse that she did not have her ID , continued at the police station , " the lawyer , Hanife Yildirim , told CNN . "  When I met my client almost a week later , she still had a black eye and there were other marks on her . " Soon after her release on July 17 , Cengiz filed a formal complaint against the police with the assistance of the Izmir Bar Association 's human rights department . In the meantime , authorities pressed criminal charges against Cengiz for resisting arrest and "  reckless behavior . " "  She is facing up to six years imprisonment , " said Yildirim . "  The charge against the policemen is 'cause of injury through excessive force ' with up to 1.5 years ' punishment . " Police in Izmir have not responded to requests from CNN to comment on the case . Cengiz ' case sparked outrage throughout the media and among human rights groups in Turkey . Legal experts with the Turkish Human Rights Foundation  TIHV  , which has been providing medical and legal support to Cengiz , told CNN that the number of complaints of torture and ill-treatment has grown in 2011 compared to the previous year . "  Although laws ban such behavior , there is a lack of punishment for the security forces that commit these abuses , which means that security forces are not deterred , " said Coskun Usterci , an executive board member in the TIHV 's Izmir branch . Usterci argued that Cengiz ' case was a rarity , because the in-house police station video camera was not tampered with after the victim 's complaint was formally lodged . "  During judicial or investigative processes of such situations , the camera recordings in the police stations  often  turn out to be either deleted or recorded over or the camera turns out to be broken , " Usterci said in a phone interview with CNN . "  To give a rough percentage , in 80 % of the situations , this happens . Therefore it is very important that in this case the prosecutor got hold of those videos and included them in the case file . " In its annual report on Turkey in 2011 , Amnesty International concluded "  investigations of alleged human rights abuses by state officials remained flawed ... the losing of evidence by state officials and counter-charges being issued against those who alleged human rights abuses contributed to the perpetuation of impunity . " Human rights activists argued Cengiz ' case also high-lighted the persistent problem of violence against women in Turkey . "  Turkey continues to be a country where discrimination and violence against women is high . In 2011 , an average of three women a day were killed , " announced the Turkish Human Rights Foundation and the Human Rights Association , in a joint press release this month . The two police officers shown beating Cengiz are expected to appear in court in February 2012 . In her statement , Family and Social Policies Minister Sahin called Cengiz 's case "  an individual mistake , " and suggested it could not be attributed to all Turkish police officers . "  We will also be following up on this , " she concluded . "  Violence in a police station , especially against a woman , is unacceptable . "	Minister calls for speedy punishment for officers Video was shown last weekend on Turkish television Her attorney says woman was arrested for not having identification
CNN  -- When Superstorm Sandy hit New York , it blacked out Lower Manhattan and crippled the mass transit system . I was fortunate that the rising water from the East River never reached my home in Brooklyn . But it was heartbreaking to see many parts of my beloved city wounded and so many people struggling . When the ferry service was partially restored , I took the first boat with a friend to Lower Manhattan at dawn . We walked through the financial district -- normally bustling with activity -- where the traffic lights were dead and the streets were eerily quiet . Like my experiences after 9/11 or during the Blizzard of 2010 and the Northeast Blackout , people seemed more aware of each other . Strangers said good morning . People seemed to look out for each other , stopping to discuss the weather , the news or their personal stories in getting through the storm . "  Hey ! Where 'd you get that coffee ? " became a key conversation starter in a city where getting a coffee has always been so easy . We met a harried transit worker who said he had been working for several days straight without sleep , toiling on the massive project of pumping water out of the flooded subway tunnels and inspecting the tracks . He told us about incredible levels of water , mountains of rats and the unimaginable stench . Over the next two weekends , I volunteered in the Rockaways , an ocean-facing peninsula of Queens that was one of the most severely affected areas . I teamed up with Occupy Sandy volunteers , a disaster relief group of young men and women from St. Bonaventure University , to help the residents with cleanup and recovery . I also joined a volunteer group known as the Rockaway Renegades that was focused more on organizing relief efforts . Opinion : Photographers , embrace Instagram Along the way , I met a man who had no family and lived alone and could n't haul the wreckage from his home by himself . I helped sift through the soggy rubble for the personal artifacts that someone might hold dear and want to keep : family heirlooms , photos , high school diplomas . It was a gut-wrenching experience . I met residents who were adamant that I leave the area before dark , because roving gangs of looters came to homes at night . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast Despite their remarkably dreary circumstances , those affected by the storm stayed amazingly positive and hopeful . They were grateful for the help , or even just someone to talk to . Some of the communities showed their resilience by putting up Halloween and Christmas decorations as well as American flags , pulled out from the flooded basements and set up in comically absurd ways . In one street someone topped the mountain of sand washed several blocks inland with beach chairs and a sign that read "  lifeguard on duty . " Opinion : Rebuilding after Sandy is too big a risk While many parts of New York resumed normalcy , there were whole neighborhoods that suffered and are still struggling . I felt frustrated that I could not help out in the cleanup as much as I would have liked . I was torn between the responsibility of my work and deadlines and the tugging feeling of wanting to drop everything to assist those in need . But I found a different way to help when I could not be on the ground . Throughout the weeks , I would share images and stories of my experiences through Instagram . The responses were overwhelming . Commenters from near and far asked how they could help , where to donate money or how to volunteer . I was glad to have a platform and an audience to provide information about local networks and initiatives , and nimble grass-roots organizations that were making an impact on people 's lives in a direct way . It 's important to remember that even as the effect of Superstorm Sandy recedes from the news , there are still devastated areas that are without electricity , heat or hot water . The outpouring of generosity has been incredible , but there is more to be done . There are high-rise apartment buildings with sick or elderly residents trapped in their freezing homes without enough food , water or medication who are unable to walk up and down several or dozens of flights of stairs to get what they need . There are lower-income areas of hard-hit neighborhoods that have not gotten much attention . These people will need help for weeks if not months . How you can help For those who are interested in helping , OccupySandy.org is a great resource with up-to-date information . Its Twitter feed , @OccupySandy , is a constant sounding board for local initiatives with specific tasks . The most meaningful way to contribute is to be physically present in an affected area . There is no shortage in the need for helping hands , especially on weekdays and over the holidays . People who want to visit the scenes should recognize that residents have been through a lot . They 're exhausted , they 're chilly , sometimes they 're frightened or frustrated or just plain overwhelmed . A hello and a kind word go a long way . As the cold winter arrives , let 's not forget the disaster and the people whose lives have been turned upside down by it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steph Goralnick .	Steph Goralnick : It was heartbreaking to see how Sandy wounded New York Goralnick : There are whole neighborhoods that are still struggling By posting photos of the wreckage on Instagram , she was able to spread the word Goralnick : As winter comes , we should keep helping those affected by the storm
CNN  -- Many were surprised that he was even on the field at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday , but when Cristiano Ronaldo left it he did so with the adoring chants of Real Madrid 's fans ringing in his ears . Jose Mourinho had been expected to rest the Portugal star ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League last-16 clash against his former club Manchester United due to fitness worries , but the 28-year-old shrugged off any concerns with a virtuoso display . He fired a hat-trick in the 4-1 win over Sevilla , and had a hand in the other goal , before being taken off with almost half an hour to play as the sounds of "  Ronaldo , Ronaldo " resounded around the ground . It was a touching moment for the player , who has not always had the closest relationship with the Madridistas despite his phenomenal scoring record . He took his tally to 24 in La Liga this season -- behind only Lionel Messi 's 34 -- and 36 in all competitions as he fired his 20th treble since joining Real from United for a world-record $ 130 million fee in 2009 . Have your say on the Champions League with The CNN Football Club Ronaldo 's low cross gave Karim Benzema the easiest of his 50 La Liga goals as the ball ricocheted kindly off Sevilla 's Fernando Navarro , then he fired in a superb left-foot effort from outside the box in the 26th minute to make it 2-0 . Just 36 seconds after the halftime break , Ronaldo was at it again as he pounced on a error to score his 11th goal in nine games against Sevilla in all competitions . The 12th was worth the price of admission as he led a counter attack from his own penalty area , and slotted home a return pass from Gonzalo Higuain . The Argentine forward departed soon after Ronaldo did -- but it left Real a player short after he received a second yellow card . Midtable Sevilla also dropped to 10 men in the 80th minute as Dutch defender Hedwiges Maduro also picked up a second booking , but Manu del Moral still managed a late consolation goal . The result left Real four points behind second-placed city rivals Atletico and 13 adrift of Barcelona , who both play on Sunday . Meanwhile , Malaga stayed fourth with a 2-1 win at Levante thanks to two goals from 20-year-old midfield star Isco , while Valencia moved up to fifth with a 1-0 win at Celta Vigo as Paraguay striker Nelson Valdez netted three minutes into time added on . England Manchester City 's Premier League title defense is in tatters after Saturday 's shock 3-1 defeat by promoted team Southampton . Leaders Manchester United can move 12 points clear of second-placed City with victory in Sunday 's home match against Everton . City boss Roberto Mancini had been defiant after last weekend 's 2-2 draw with Liverpool , but the Italian was more downbeat about his team 's chances after dropping more points . "  I used to be always optimistic and want to be in this moment , but it 's difficult . I think we now have 10 % chance . I do n't think United will drop 12 points , " he told reporters "  It was a really poor performance . Southampton were better than us . We conceded two goals which I did n't think a team like us could concede . We played this game with only two or three players . Three versus 11 was really difficult . " Gareth Barry gave away possession for Southampton 's first goal by Jason Puncheon and also conceded an embarrassing own-goal soon after halftime to make it 3-1 . Goalkeeper Joe Hart was at fault for Steven Davis ' goal for 2-0 , and Edin Dzeko 's 12th in the league this season for City in the 39th minute did not signal the fightback it promised . It was Southampton 's first win in four games since Mauricio Pochettino took over as manager , and lifted the team six points clear of the relegation zone . Chelsea won for the first time in five matches to retain third place , thrashing third-bottom Wigan 4-1 to ease the pressure on manager Rafael Benitez . Veteran midfielder Frank Lampard scored his 12th goal this season , moving closer to Bobby Tambling 's club record total of 202 , as the 34-year-old raised speculation that he will earn a new contract . "  It is not my decision . I am trying to improve him , if that is possible , because he is a great influence , " Benitez said . Chelsea stayed a point ahead of fourth-placed Tottenham , whose winger Gareth Bale scored both goals in a 2-1 win at home to Newcastle to take his tally to 13 in the league . Arsenal moved above Everton into fifth with a 1-0 win at Sunderland as Santi Cazorla scored the only goal , while Swansea went above Liverpool in seventh after beating bottom team Queens Park Rangers 4-1 thanks to two goals from Michu , who now has 15 in the EPL this season . Italy Juventus ' hopes of a second successive Serie A title were boosted after second-placed Napoli dropped points against fellow Scudetto hopefuls Lazio . Juve won 2-0 at home to Fiorentina as strikers Marko Vucinic and Alessandro Matri scored in the first half -- the latter despite losing a boot and playing on in his sock . That put the pressure on Napoli to reduce a six-point deficit , but Walter Mazzarri 's team needed an 87th-minute equalizer from defender Hugo Campagnaro to come away with any reward . Striker Sergio Floccari volleyed an 11th-minute opener , but Argentina international replied in kind at the end to keep his side six points clear of the third-placed Rome team . Germany Bayern Munich marched towards a 23rd Bundesliga title on Saturday , moving 15 points clear in the title race after a 4-0 victory at home to Schalke . With two-time defending champions Borussia Dortmund and third-placed Bayer Leverkusen dropping points earlier in the day , Jupp Heynckes ' team romped to victory against a Schalke side which had won just one out of nine games . Young Austrian star David Alaba scored twice , the opener from the penalty spot after Franck Ribery was fouled . Bastian Schweinsteiger made it 2-0 with a free-kick , then after the break Mario Gomez set up the 20-year-old Alaba and then wrapped up the win with his first goal of 2013 in his first start this year . Dortmund crashed 4-1 at home to Hamburg , with South Korea forward Son Heung-Min and Latvian Artjoms Rudnevs scored twice each as both teams had a man sent off . Robert Lewandowski put the home side ahead in front of a crowd of more than 80,000 but Rudnevs and Son netted before the Poland striker was sent off . Hamburg lost defender Jeffrey Bruma after halftime following his foul on Marco Reus , but Rudnevs headed home on 62 and 20-year-old Son ' netted at the end as Hamburg moved up to fifth . Leverkusen drew 3-3 at seventh-placed Borussia Monchengladbach , for whom Patrick Herrmann scored a late equalizer .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores hat-trick in Real Madrid 's 4-1 victory at home to Sevilla Manchester City 's EPL title defense in tatters after 3-1 defeat at Southampton Juventus ' Serie A lead stretches to five points as second-placed Napoli draw Bayern Munich 's rivals falter to give the Bavarians a 15-point lead in Germany
CNN  -- "  Fifty Shades of Grey " fans are hot -- and not for the reason you might think . No sooner were the stars of the forthcoming film adaptation of the wildly successful erotic novel announced than the Internet roared its disapproval . No , no , no some fans cried to the casting of Charlie Hunnam and Dakota Johnson as Christian Grey and Anastasia Steele respectively . The front-runners for the gig appear to be "  White Collar " star Matt Bomer and Alexis Bledel , who is best known from the hit TV show "  Gilmore Girls . " There is even a Change.org petition demanding that the roles be recast and given to that pair . Wow . As we learned with the drama that became "  Batfleck "  yes , that 's henceforth the term for the madness that went down when it was announced that Ben Affleck would be playing Batman  people take very seriously these casting decisions -- especially when it 's a pair of characters they have been fantasizing about . Therefore it seems like just about everyone has "  Fifty Shades " opinion . And Twitter lit up with them , from the serious to the semi-joshing .	Charlie Hunnam and Dakota Johnson have been cast in the film Some fans wanted Matt Bomer and Alexis Bledel to get the roles A petition is being circulated
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese authorities vowed Friday to continue their aerial and ground-level dousing of water on a troubled nuclear reactor , with its owner saying that earlier attempts have been "  somewhat effective " in addressing radiation concerns . Still , the Fukushima Daiichi complex of six nuclear reactors remained a danger . Radiation levels peaked Friday at 20 millisieverts per hour near in an annex building where workers were trying to reestablish electrical power , "  the highest registered  at that building  so far , " an official with the Tokyo Electric Power Company told reporters . Radiation levels Thursday morning at the plant were nearly 3.8 millisieverts per hour -- more than a typical resident of a developed country receives in a year . But Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said 17 of 18 workers checked Thursday morning tested normal , and the one who received a higher dose of radiation required no medical treatment . Last Friday 's earthquake and tsunami caused damage at four of the six reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi plant , located on the northern coast of the Japanese island of Honshu . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said that efforts would resume Friday afternoon to spray water from the ground and air in and around the plant 's No. 3 reactor , the sole damaged unit that contains plutonium along with the uranium in its fuel rods . They have done so already in two rounds Thursday and another early Friday , according to Tokyo Electric . Based on the steam emitted after these water-spraying operations , Edano said that authorities believe there is still water in the spent fuel pool -- meaning fuel rods , which can give off radiation , likely are n't fully exposed -- though he said it was not clear how much liquid there was . Edano said Friday morning that authorities are also assessing whether to also spray in and around the plant 's No. 1 reactor , though he added that the situation there was not as serious as in the No. 3 reactor . Concerns remained about the spent fuel pool at reactor No. 4 , from which the IAEA said no water-temperature data has been received since Monday , and which a U.S. official said Wednesday appeared to contain no water . "  The current situation at units 1 , 2 and 3 , whose cores have suffered damage , appears to be relatively stable , " said Graham Andrew , a top aide to IAEA Director-General Yukiya Amano . "  Unit 4 , in particular , remains a major safety concern . " But a Tokyo Electric Power spokesman said Friday that a video of the No. 4 reactor 's pool appeared to show it still contained water . Japanese military helicopters dumped tons of water on the No. 3 reactor housing , including its spent-fuel pool , at the plant until after midnight Thursday , TEPCO reported . Earlier , fire and police trucks turned their hoses on the No. 3 reactor housing for more than an hour , and TEPCO said the subsequent steam and lowered radioactivity levels indicated progress . Experts believe that steam rising from the pool , which contains at least partially exposed fuel rods , may be releasing radiation into the atmosphere . In Vienna , Austria , a senior official of the International Atomic Energy Agency told reporters the situation remains serious , but there had been "  no significant worsening " Thursday . The state of the six nuclear reactors at Fukushima Daiichi has raised the specter of a multiple nuclear meltdown -- the nightmare scenario in which fuel rods can not be cooled and the reactor 's core melts . In the worst-case scenario , the fuel can spill out of the damaged containment unit and spread radioactivity and cancer-causing isotopes through the air and water . All six reactors have been shut down , but some appear in better shape than others . A spokesman for the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency , which oversees the running of the country 's nuclear plants , said Friday morning that sea water was still being injected into the reactor pressure vessel of Unit 1 . A hydrogen explosion damaged it on March 12 . White smoke continued to emanate Friday from a hole in the Unit 2 building , said the spokesman , who was not identified by name . In a news release , the agency said "  an abnormal noise " from the pressure suppression chamber had occurred on March 15 and the chamber 's pressure dropped . Workers have been moved away from the unit , though sea water injection continues . A power source for the cooling system of Units 1 and 2 was expected to be connected Friday morning , a Tokyo Electric spokesman said . Unit 3 has been particularly worrisome . It was struck March 14 by an explosion -- described by the IAEA as caused by a hydrogen blast . Fog -- possibly steam -- began rising from the reactor building on Wednesday morning . Unit 3 too is being injected with sea water and water was being sprayed into it . The pressure of the suppression "  has been temporarily increasing since approximately 6:15 a.m. on March 17 , " the release said . Temperatures in the spent-fuel pools at Units 5 and 6 had been rising slowly since they lost power . But engineers got an emergency diesel generator connected to Units 5 and 6 to cool their spent-fuel pools , a spokesman for the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said Friday . Water injection to the spent fuel pools was continuing . On Friday morning , Edano said temperatures in and around those two reactors have risen , though not enough to pose any immediate danger , according to a report by Japan 's Kyodo News agency . Used nuclear fuel is stored in pools at each of the six reactors plus a shared pool and in a dry container storage , according to the Nuclear Energy Institute . Sixty percent of the total is in the shared pool , 34 % is stored in the six spent-fuel pools of the reactors , and the remaining 6 % is stored in nine dry storage containers , it said . There were "  no safety concerns " about the dry storage containers . The spent-fuel pools -- located at the top of the reactor buildings to make it easier to handle the fuel during refueling -- were typically filled with water 16 feet or more above the top of the fuel rods . "  The only way to rapidly drain down the pool is if there is structural damage to the walls of the floor , " the release said , noting that the pools have no drains and are built of concrete and steel . They lose water slowly due to evaporation when the units lose power and the cooling systems stop working . But the threat is not immediate . "  Rapid evaporation of the water will not occur , " the release says . If the water level drops below the fuel , "  oxidation of the zirconium cladding could occur , " resulting in the formation of hydrogen , it says . But only fuel discarded within recent weeks would cause such a strong reaction , which would require temperatures of approximately 1,000 degrees Celsius , it adds . Zirconium melts at 1600 degrees C. "  The likelihood of cladding damage , as with hydrogen generation , decreases substantially with temperature and cooling time , " it says . It called the prospect of a zirconium fire "  virtually impossible . " The TEPCO spokesman said the level of water in the main pool , which contained older fuel that had already cooled , was only 10 to 15 centimeters below normal . Still , he acknowledged , officials had not been able to measure the temperature there . And nuclear engineer Arnie Gundersen told CNN that the effort will likely need to be sustained "  for months , if not years . " "  What 's pushing the firemen back is the radiation that 's coming from the spent fuel pool , " he said . If the spent fuel rods in that pool are uncovered , "  There 's an awful lot of gamma rays flooding that site , forcing the workers to say further away . " Public health officials say the release of radiation from a meltdown can cause immediate and long-term health problems , including radiation poisoning and cancer . About 200,000 people living within a 20-kilometer  12-mile  radius of the plant have been evacuated ; those living 20 to 30 kilometers from the site have been told to remain inside , and Japan has banned flights over the area . Rebecca Johnson , founder of the London-based Acronym Institute for Disarmament Diplomacy , which promotes international security , disarmament and arms control , told CNN that Japanese engineers were "  flying by the seat of their pants now ... Everything they try goes wrong . They 're focusing on reactors , then spent fuel becomes damaged , " Johnson said . "  They 've just got to get water in there , keep the water pumping . " CNN 's Stan Grant and Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	NEW : Efforts will resume Friday afternoon to spray water on Unit 3 's fuel pool , Edano says NEW : Authorities are also considering spraying on Unit 1 , though that situation is less dire NEW : Kyodo News reports temperatures are up at Units 5 and 6 , but no imminent danger One emergency generator for 2 units is running , with another power supply in the works
Here 's a sobering statistic for the unofficial start of summer , when we gear up for picnics , barbecues and our kids having more free time on their hands : Memorial Day kicks off what 's known as 100 deadliest days for teen drivers . From Memorial Day through Labor Day in 2012 , nearly 1,000 people were killed in crashes involving teen drivers , and more than 550 of those killed were teens , according to National Highway Traffic Safety Administration data analyzed by the nonprofit National Safety Council . Some of the reasons for the spike make sense . Teens are driving more during the summer and it might be more recreational than purposeful , the National Safety Council reports . For instance , instead of driving back and forth to school , they might be driving to the beach , lake or river , and heading down roads they have n't driven before . But one of the biggest reasons for the summer risk increase is that teens might be driving more frequently with more of their friends . "  We have always known that passengers were a big risk for teens , but what we 're really finding out now is passengers may be one of the most important risks for teens , even more so than things like texting , " said John Ulczycki , the National Safety Council 's vice president of strategic initiatives . Think about it this way , Ulczycki said : Passengers are a distraction the entire time a teen is driving , whereas the distraction from texting is probably limited to the seconds or minutes they 're looking at screens instead of the road . Passengers increase the risk of a teen driver having a fatal crash by at least 44 % , according to the National Safety Council . "  It 's tragic that parents do n't really appreciate the risks of passengers , " said Ulczycki , who said parents may understand the risks of texting or cell phone use , but are n't as aware of the dangers of a new driver hitting the road with friends in the car . A majority of states have laws on the books regarding the number of passengers allowed for new drivers . Some states do n't allow any for the first six months or year after getting a license ; some allow one passenger . " If you have a kid who had their license for less than one year , you have to think very , very carefully about the conditions or the situations in which you allow them to carry any passengers . You really do , " Ulczycki said . CNN iReport : Parents of teens share driving tips Ulczycki , a father of six in Wilmette , Illinois , did n't allow his children to drive with passengers for the first year of their official driving lives . "  It was a real bone of contention , " he said . "  They were n't happy about it , but they all survived . " A recent study found that loud conversations and horseplay between passengers were more likely than technology to result in a dangerous incident involving teen drivers . The study by the University of North Carolina Highway Safety Research Center tracked 52 high-school age drivers in North Carolina who agreed to have cameras installed in their cars . The study appeared in the Journal of Adolescent Health this spring . When there was loud conversation in the car , teen drivers were six times more likely to need to take actions like making an evasive maneuver to avoid a crash . When there was horseplay in the vehicle , they were three times more likely to get into a similarly serious episode , according to the study . "  Forty-three states currently restrict newly licensed drivers from having more than one young passenger in their vehicle , " Robert Foss , senior research scientist at the Highway Safety Research Center , and director of the Center for the Study of Young Drivers , said in a news release . "  The results of this study illustrate the importance of such restrictions , which increase the safety of drivers , their passengers and others on the road by reducing the potential chaos that novice drivers experience . " Earlier this year , we traveled to Roxbury , New Jersey , to talk with Barb Dunn , her husband and her 16-year-old son Daniel about how they were trying to teach Daniel about safety as he learns to drive . Daniel will get his license on June 3 . When I recently got back in touch with Dunn about the dangers of the summer months , her anxiety went up . "  My first reaction is fear . Then sadness , " Dunn said via e-mail . "  I just heard a similar statistic about prom night being a very dangerous time . ... I think we have to take the time to to talk to our children and remind them of the risks and talk about how to minimize them . " Ulczycki of the National Safety Council said the best advice for parents is to understand the risks about passengers and drive with them so they can get accustomed to having people in the car . He also suggest parents consider the risks of driving at night . "  It 's not the time of night . It 's how dark it is . That 's really the risk here , and I think too many parents think of night driving as a social curfew . ` Well , I 'll let my kid stay out until 11 p.m. so he 's fine , ' " Ulczycki said . "  It has nothing to do with that . It has to do with the risk of driving after dark . " Annette DiCola Lanteri , a mom of two in Bayport , Long Island , has two girls who are still a few years away from driving age . The best thing parents can do , she said on Facebook , is to teach teen drivers the best we can . "  Give them the most knowledge we can so that they can adequately protect themselves , then pray , " DiCola Lanteri said . "  There are so many variables and we only have so much control . " What do you think is the best way to keep teen drivers safe this summer ? Share your thoughts in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook . For more information on how to keep your teen drivers safe , go to the National Safety Council 's DriveitHOME.org .	Memorial Day through Labor Day is the deadliest time for teen drivers In 2012 , nearly 1,000 people were killed in crashes involving teen drivers during the summer Researchers : Passengers increase the risk of a teen driver crashing by at least 44 % More than 40 states have laws limiting passengers for newly licensed drivers
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- The annual State of the Black Union forum boasted a number of famous attendees in New Orleans on Saturday , but this year 's event received much more attention for who was n't there . Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Barack Obama campaigns in New Orleans on February 7 . Sen. Hillary Clinton , D-New York , was the only major presidential candidate to accept an invitation to attend . Her rival , Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , declined , as did Republican presidential hopeful Sen. John McCain of Arizona . Clinton told the crowd Saturday evening the country stands at a historic moment . "  How many of our parents and our grandparents , and how many of us ever thought we would see the day when a woman or an African-American would be the Democratic nominee for president of the United States , " she said . Watch Clinton address the forum " But Clinton also acknowledged experiencing "  painful moments " during the campaign , which she called very challenging and incredibly competitive . "  The high stakes and historic nature of Sen. Obama 's candidacy and mine have invested this campaign with an intensity and an excitement seldom seen in the political arena , " she said . Meanwhile , Obama 's absence at the forum has prompted both controversy and a backlash against Tavis Smiley , the organizer of the event who has openly criticized Obama 's decision . In a letter to Smiley earlier this month , Obama commended the forum for addressing important issues , but explained he needed to focus on his presidential run ahead of the critical March 4 primaries . "  In the final stretch , I will be on the campaign trail every day in states like Ohio , Texas and Wisconsin talking directly with voters about the causes that are at the heart of my campaign and the State of the Black Union forum , " Obama wrote . "  That is why , with regret , I am not able to attend the forum . " Watch the candidates stump in Texas " Smiley has been vocal about his disapproval of Obama 's decision . "  I think it 's a missed opportunity on Mr. Obama 's part , " Smiley told CNN . "  Now , I am not interested in demonizing him for his choice , but I do disagree with it . " Watch a report on the controversy " But Smiley 's criticism has also prompted many people to come to Obama 's defense . The talk show host told The Washington Post he has been inundated with angry e-mails and even death threats . "  I have family in Indianapolis . They are harassing my momma , harassing my brother . It 's getting to be crazy , " Smiley told the newspaper . Several forum attendees seemed unfazed by Obama 's absence Saturday . "  Personally , I do n't think it 's much of an issue , " said Victor Reed . "  I 'm standing behind him 100 percent . " Clinton probably was at the event because "  she needs it more than -LSB- Obama -RSB- right now , " he added . Another State of the Black Union attendee said many people at the forum wished Obama had come , but understood his reasons for declining the invitation . "  It 's better for his campaign to be in Texas , " said Tiffany Washington . Some of the nation 's top black activists and politicians attend the State of the Black Union . Smiley said he picked New Orleans as the 2008 host city to highlight the continued plight of its residents in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . "  We owe it to them , those who survived , those who are still struggling to rebuild their lives , " Smiley said . "  We owe it to them to raise these issues louder than ever . " New Orleans continues to battle problems , including crime and lack of affordable housing . Entire communities still lack hospitals or emergency care . Obama campaigned in the city before he easily won Louisiana 's Democratic primary on February 9 , taking 57 percent of the vote . In a question-and-answer session with Smiley at the State of the Black Union , Clinton was asked about remarks her husband made while campaigning for his wife in South Carolina , including his reference to Jesse Jackson having won primaries in the state during the 1980s . Critics complained the remarks suggested that Obama 's success in that state would largely be based on his race . In her answer , Clinton said many of the forum attendees knew her husband personally and knew his heart . "  If anyone was offended by anything that was said , whether it was meant or not , whether it was misinterpreted or not , then obviously I regret that . But I believe our task is to go forward with the agenda that all of us agree upon . That is what I have done my entire life , on behalf of civil rights and women 's rights and human rights , " Clinton said . "  I believe strongly that there is a shared and common purpose that we all hold very dear , regardless of who you are supporting at this time for the Democratic nominee as president , " she added . "  It goes way beyond Barack and me . It goes way beyond politics . And I do n't think there is any doubt that I and Bill have been part of that common purpose and that struggle our entire adult lives . " At least one Louisiana lawmaker praised Clinton for being there when the region needed help . "  I do n't support people just because they are black , " said Democratic state Rep. Juan LaFonta . "  I support people because they are qualified and committed to issues that affect my constituent base . " E-mail to a friend	Sen. Hillary Clinton was the only major presidential candidate to accept invitation Sen. Barack Obama told organizers he needed to focus on his campaign Talk show host Tavis Smiley : It 's a missed opportunity on Obama 's part Smiley tells Washington Post he 's gotten angry e-mails , threats for criticizing Obama
CNN  -- Texas A&M freshman quarterback Johnny Manziel on Saturday was named the 2012 Heisman Trophy winner , making history . Manziel , whose exploits led to his being dubbed "  Johnny Football , " is the first freshman to win the Heisman , college football 's most prestigious award . "  This is a moment I 've dreamed about since I 've been a kid , running around the backyard pretending to be Doug Flutie , pretending I was throwing Hail Marys to my dad , " Manziel said , gesturing to Flutie , the former Boston College quarterback who was onstage with other previous Heisman winners . "  It 's such an honor to represent Texas A&M and my teammates here tonight , " he told the audience at the Best Buy Theater in New York . "  I wish they could be on the stage with me . " He bested a field of finalists that included Notre Dame linebacker Manti Te'o and Kansas State quarterback Collin Klein . Roland Martin : The legend of "  Johnny Football " grows Manziel amassed 43 touchdowns rushing and passing this year , and his 4,600 yards smashed the Southeastern Conference record for total offense . But beyond the numbers , what put Manziel on the map was his play in Texas A&M 's improbable November win against Alabama , ranked No. 1 in the nation at the time . The Aggies were thought not to have much chance of success in the first season in the SEC , but largely because of Manziel 's play , they finished the regular season 10-2 and will be playing Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl on January 4 . In smashing through the underclassman barrier , Manziel achieved a feat that eluded past freshman stars Georgia 's Herschel Walker , Virginia Tech 's Michael Vick and Oklahoma 's Adrian Peterson . Walker  1980  and Vick  1999  both came in third in Heisman voting as freshmen , and Peterson  2004  finished second .  Walker did go on to win the trophy as a junior , in 1982 . Manziel received 474 first-place votes , cast by past winners and members of the media , to 321 for Te'o and 60 for Klein . Other vote-getters were Southern Cal wide receiver Marquis Lee and Ohio State quarterback Braxton Miller . Like the freshman Manziel , the other two finalists represented potential firsts among Heisman winners : Te'o would have been the first exclusively defensive player to win the trophy and Klein the first Kansas State player . CNN 's Kristi Ramsay contributed to this report .	"  I wish they could be on the stage with me , " Manziel says of teammates Manziel is the first freshman to win the prestigious award Other finalists were Notre Dame 's Manti Te'o and Kansas State 's Collin Klein
Nicolas Sarkozy on Sunday conceded defeat in his bid for re-election as French president , accepting the blame for the result . "  I carry the entire responsibility for this defeat , and I 'm going to say why . I fought for the values of responsibility , and I 'm not a man who does not accept his responsibilities , " Sarkozy said from his Paris campaign headquarters , as members of the crowd shouted , "  No ! " "  I 'm ready to become a French person amongst French people , and more than ever I have the love for my country deeply ingrained in my heart , " Sarkozy said . Before the election , as opinion polls suggested his rival Francois Hollande would win easily , Sarkozy 's camp had been pinning their hopes on the pollsters being wrong . But they were not . Analysts had warned that the large share of the vote in the first round for far-right candidate Marine Le Pen , who took 18 % of the vote , could mean problems for Sarkozy . Le Pen said she had cast a blank ballot in the second round , and observers expected many of her supporters to follow suit . "  The two remaining candidates are political Siamese twins , so I 'm not expecting very much from the result , " she said after voting in the northern town of Henin-Beaumont , according to Agence-France Presse . Sarkozy has fought to keep his job amid a wave of discontent over his inability to rein in unemployment . He defended his economic record despite low growth and unemployment at about 10 % , saying the impact of Europe 's debt crisis could have been far worse . France is a key player in plans to lead the eurozone out of its debt crisis , making the election vital to the region . Sarkozy 's defeat marks the latest -- and most significant -- of at least half a dozen European leaders swept from office during the eurozone economic crisis , including the Greek and Italian prime ministers . Earlier Sunday , longtime Sarkozy supporter David Harari said he stood by the president , even as opinion polls appeared to tip in Hollande 's favor . "  I believe the cards were stacked against him , but I want to believe still that he may have a chance to win , because his campaign was reasonable . ... I do n't understand why people do not see the reasonableness of his program , even though it 's unpopular , " he said . Concerns over the economy , unemployment and immigration have been at the forefront of the French election . In his final address Friday , Sarkozy , of the center-right UMP party , picked up on the debate over immigration as he appealed for the nation 's support . "  I 've always said that France needs to remain an open and profoundly humanistic country , but there is a reality that is that we have welcomed more people in France than we can manage , " he said . "  I 'm not speaking to the right , the left or the center , this is a presidential election . I am president of France . I must speak to the French , no matter who they are . " He and Hollande traded insults last week in the only televised head-to-head debate of the campaign . Sarkozy labeled his rival a liar and a "  little slanderer , " while Hollande accused the president of shirking his responsibilities , cronyism and favoring the privileged over France 's poor . The son of a Hungarian immigrant , who did not go to one of France 's elite schools , Sarkozy had to fight his way to the top of politics by sheer strength of will . The smartest kid in the class , as some describe him , he was not always the most popular though . Mocked for his lavish lifestyle , and a private life that saw him divorce his second wife immediately after his election in 2007 and go on to marry singer Carla Bruni , the French never truly warmed to Sarkozy . He is often known as "  quel q ` un qui derange , " someone who drives you crazy . The reason for their mixed feelings about "  Sarko " was his apparent desire to ruffle feathers and challenge the established order , with his policies to end the 35-hour week , raise the retirement age beyond 60 and eliminate 160,000 civil service jobs . None of these reforms was universally popular and some , at least initially , were roundly condemned . But Sarkozy believed them necessary and hoped his countrymen would come round to his way of thinking . However , as the eurozone crisis swirled , the president received a jolt in January when Standard & Poor 's credit ratings agency downgraded France from the maximum Triple A status . Hollande launched a scathing attack on the government 's policies , saying : "  We are no longer in the first division . " Then came the killings in March of seven people , including three young children , by an Islamic extremist in Toulouse and Montauban . Election campaigning was suspended by most candidates , but as incumbent president , Sarkozy was praised for his handling of the crisis . The president received a short-term boost as the massacre diverted attention away from the financial crisis , but the economy and job security were always going to be of most concern to voters .	French President Nicolas Sarkozy concedes defeat in re-election bid Most of his economic reforms , such as raising retirement age were poorly received Sarkozy was praised for sure-footed handling of Toulouse shootings Analysts say Sarkozy received boost as shootings diverted attention from financial crisis
CNN  -- Gunmen attacked Christians worshipping on a Nigerian university campus on Sunday , with witnesses reporting multiple explosions and gunfire . The number of casualties was not immediately clear . Professor A.B. Baffa said he was at home on the campus of Bayero University in the city of Kano when he heard the gunfire and explosions . When he went to see what was going on , he said he saw people fleeing and saying gunmen attacked areas where Christians were worshipping . The gunmen began their attack around 8:30 a.m. , targeting a lecture hall normally used by Christians for Sunday services , journalist Salihu Tanko reported from the scene . "  Reports say that they came in one vehicle and they also came on the bike and started shooting sporadically and at the same time threw about four or five small locally made bombs , " Tanko reported . Baffa said police have closed off the area . The attack happened while the university is on a break , so most of the students are not on campus , Tanko said . Britain 's Foreign Office said it had received reports of an explosion and gunfire at Bayero University and that the incident may be ongoing . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report .	NEW : The number of casualties is unclear NEW : The gunmen targeted a lecture hall used by Christians for worship NEW : The gunmen opened fire and threw four or five bombs , a journalist says A university professor says he heard gunfire and multiple explosions
A judge in Saudi Arabia has recommended that imprisoned blogger Raif Badawi go before a high court on a charge of apostasy , which would carry the death penalty upon conviction , according to Badawi 's wife . Ensaf Haidar initially told CNN on Wednesday that her husband had been sentenced to death . She later clarified to CNN that a judge has recommended he be tried for denouncing Islam , or apostasy . Apostasy carries the death penalty in Saudi Arabia , according to Amnesty International . In July , a Jeddah criminal court found Badawi , who has been in prison since June 2012 , guilty of insulting Islam through his Free Saudi Liberals website and in television comments . Badawi was sentenced to seven years in prison and 600 lashes . His lawyer appealed the decision . Badawi 's legal troubles started shortly after he started the Free Saudi Liberals website in 2008 . He was detained for one day and questioned about the site . Some clerics even branded him an unbeliever and apostate . Human rights groups accuse Saudi authorities of targeting activists through the courts and travel bans . Amnesty International has said Badawi 's "  is clear case of intimidation against him and others who seek to engage in open debates about the issues that Saudi Arabians face in their daily lives . " CNN could not reach Saudi Arabian government officials for comment . Badawi 's wife and the couple 's three children now live in Lebanon . Rights group : Saudi activists calling for change face harassment , jail	Activist 's wife had been hoping for a new court to reduce the sentence Raif Badawi has been in prison since June 2012 Apostasy carries a death sentence in Saudi Arabia Human rights groups say government is trying to intimidate activists
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Prosecutors decided there 's not enough evidence against Too Short to prosecute him him on a felony drug charge made against him a week ago . Los Angeles Police arrested the West Coast rapper for meth possession and driving under the influence of alcohol on a Hollywood street during a traffic stop last Wednesday . The Los Angeles district attorney dropped the meth charge against Todd Anthony Shaw -- that 's the 46-year-old rapper 's real name -- but sent the drunken driving charge to the city attorney for possible prosecution , district attorney spokeswoman Jane Robison said Wednesday . Too Short 's manager David Weintraub acknowledged to CNN that Short 's breath test at the scene tested "  0.01 above the limit in California . " "  As for drugs - we call bull , " Weintraub said . "  Short was diligently searched and cuffed prior to being placed in the disgustingly filthy patrol car . Ask yourself , how did the police not find the drugs on the initial search but only after they brought Short to the precinct ? " The patrol car "  smelled like vomit and was littered with remnants from prior arrests of the evening , " he said . "  Any assertion that Short was carrying powder is ridiculous ! Every rap fan knows Short 's into weed ! " He tried to run away after blowing into the intoxication meter , Officer Cleon Joseph told CNN last week . "  He did n't get very far at all . " His manager said there was a reason for that . "  In the past , Short , like many others has been mistreated by law enforcement and these unfortunate prior incidents lead to the complications after the stop , " Weintraub said . The Oakland , California-based rapper collaborated with Tupac Shakur , The Notorious B.I.G.  both now deceased  and other major artists in the past three decades . Major songs on his resume include "  The Ghetto " and "  Blow the Whistle . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The Los Angeles city attorney will decide if the drunk driving charge remains Too Short 's breath tested "  0.01 above the limit in California " for alcohol , manager says "  As for drugs - we call bull , " Too Short 's manager says Manager : "  Every rap fan knows Short 's into weed ! "
CNN  -- The Ice Bucket Challenge invites eye rolling . By definition , all gimmicks are designed to jump the shark , eventually . And gimmicks that look like one big selfie orgy may run into backlash faster than most . Considered another way , however , I side with those who see the Ice Bucket Challenge as a marker of something larger and something special occurring across the culture . It 's not the funny videos that matter . It 's the power of the peer-to-peer economy , driven by young people , now rippling through the social sector . Businesses such as Airbnb , Uberx and "  P2P " lending firms such as Prosper Marketplace have demonstrated the heft of peer models . While the Ice Bucket Challenge itself will come and go , peer-to-peer fundraising and activism will stick around . Beth Kanter , an author and expert on nonprofit trends , points to "  PhilanthroKids " who are leading the way . Kanter writes that "  we are starting to see a rise of crowd funding projects done by and for kids . ... These are teens  and pre-teens  with a passion for social change and who grew up not knowing what it was like to not have a cell phone or be connected to Facebook . " With the Ice Bucket Challenge , she explains , "  this was not a campaign started by the ALS Association , but young people who wanted to support the cause . " The dual forces matter . With the arrival of the sharing economy and the generational shift in deciding how to allocate scarce resources -- charitable donations and volunteer time -- donation-dependent and volunteer-dependent organizations must prepare for a new and different future . Arts researcher Alan Brown was the first person I met who figured out how peers influence how we decide which social and cultural events are worth our time and dollar , and which are not . Indeed , our study from a decade ago showed the importance of peer influence on interest in classical music concerts . In more than 11,000 interviews across 15 U.S. cities , we found 20 % of adults reported attending a classical music concert in the past year . Yet nearly three times that share -- 56 % -- said they would accept an invitation from a friend or family member to attend a classical music concert . What we hinted at then and now see as brutally clear is that it 's all about who 's doing the asking . When my sister participates in a fundraising run and sends an email asking me to donate , I do . When the professional expert from that same nonprofit organization asks me to donate , I treat the note as spam . So the critical innovation of the Ice Bucket Challenge is not the funny visual . It 's what comes at the end of the videos , when the soaked participant looks into the camera and challenges family or friends to do the same . As the great songwriter Steve Goodman knew , we all want to be called out by our names . When I phoned Alan to get his take on the Ice Bucket Challenge , he noted the "  social validation " produced through this kind of interchange . Most charitable giving is private and personal . This peer-based alternative creates a lasting good feeling that can only be realized through a kind of social alchemy , not a private act . "  There is also a generational thing we 're seeing , " Brown said , "  where young people are moving from relying on an expert critic to relying on a peer . I guess this is an extreme manifestation of that . I 'm shocked by how many people have thrown buckets of cold water over their head . " A hundred years ago , Andrew Carnegie was in the midst of building 2,509 libraries around the world -- becoming , almost literally , the bedrock of American philanthropy . His money , his deal . Today , formal authority has lost some of its value . Instead of outside experts driving the allocation of volunteer time and charitable donations , "  in our world , it 's the power of suggestion , when a friend invites you to something or suggests a piece of music , " Brown told me . "  It 's not just the music coming your way . It 's the social imprimatur . " Because individual donations as a percentage of disposable personal income do not fluctuate much , we may find that the overall level of giving remains steady but that young people seek out charitable causes that provide the best peer-to-peer connections and honor informal influence over traditional authority . If so , the Ice Bucket Challenge is causing more than a shock to the system of the person doused . It may be sending a shock to the system of traditional fundraising .	John Bare : The Ice Bucket Challenge invites eye rolling , it seems gimmicky Bare : But it may signal a new kind of activism and peer-to-peer fund-raising which will stick around He says the generation shift and arrival of the sharing economy change nature of charitable giving Bare : The rise of peer influence may send a shock to the system of traditional fund-raising
CNN  In the azure waters off the rocky coast of Antikythera , a remote island in the Mediterranean with a population of less than 50 , an international team of archaeologists has recovered new treasures from one of the most mysterious shipwrecks of all time . The group of maritime archaeology experts have been at the site since mid-September and armed with the most advanced marine technology available , they have conducted the first-ever scientific excavation of the Antikythera wreck . Despite facing fierce winds and choppy seas during the 30-day mission , the reclaimed items include tableware , anchors and other maritime components , as well as a giant spear , which they believe once belonged to a life-sized bronze warrior statue . The recovered artifacts have been described as "  very promising " by project co-director Theotokis Theodoulou in a press release from Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute  WHOI  . The U.S.-based WHOI worked with Theodoulou and the Hellenic Ephorate of Underwater Antiquities in Greece to lead the expedition . He added : "  We have a lot of work to do at this site to uncover its secrets . " World 's first computer found at wreck In 1900 , sponge divers from the Greek island of Symi anchored along the eastern coastline of the island while waiting for a ferocious storm to pass . What they would stumble upon would stun the world . Underneath the crystalline waters , lay the incredible wreck undiscovered for thousands of years . And as the site was explored over the next year , they would uncover life-size bronze statues and remarkable artifacts . But it was the 1902 recovery of a clump of calcified stone with mysterious inscriptions that would push the wreck into archaeological lore . The heavily corroded bronze fragments would turn out to be what has been described as the world 's earliest known "  computer , " designed in the first century BC -- the Antikythera Mechanism . Built to track the astronomical calendar and lunar movements , later radiographic image analysis of the mechanism revealed 30 intricate gear wheels . Famed underwater explorer Jacques Cousteau visited the site in 1976 to film a documentary and returned from below the surface with treasures galore . Since then , the site had remained dormant under the aegis of the Hellenic Ministry of Culture for almost 40 years . "  The Antikythera shipwreck is maybe the most important , most famous shipwreck from antiquity , " Brendan Foley , an archaeologist from WHOI and co-director of the expedition told CNN before the dive began in September . "  We are hardcore scientists and archaeologists . We hate to speak of treasure but in this case , it 's actually a treasure ship and there are just no two ways about it . " Shrouded in mystery Analysis of the reclaimed artifacts has dated the vessel to the first century BC , while a horde of gold coins retrieved from the water suggests the boat 's origins lie east , from Asia Minor . But no one knows for certain how big it is , what it was doing there or why it went down . Yet . Foley said : "  This not just an everyday trader . This is probably one of the largest , most expensive ships that was sailing in the first century BC . The 1901 sponge divers reported that the artifacts were spread among an area about 52 meters along the seafloor . And that corresponds nicely with what we 've observed in our dives on the site . " Supported by the Hellenic Navy , Foley and his 32-man team have been provided with research vessels capable of raising artifacts weighing up to five tons straight off the seabed . "  You never want to speak about absolutes or guarantees but I 've never felt more confident in a shipwreck that there is going to be something interesting on it , " Foley said . "  In the 1901 and '76 operations , they were getting gemstones , gold stones and human remains . And human remains almost never come up from ancient shipwrecks . So with modern ancient DNA analysis , there are all kinds of questions that can now be posed if we recover some . " With the location at around 55 meters deep , it 's not particularly hard to get to . Foley explained : "  This shipwreck is close to the shore . It 's only about 70 meters off the cliff face so it makes it very difficult to bring in a big ship to support any kind of robotic systems so we came up with a plan and have been putting it into practice over the last three years -- incrementally training on new technology so that we could get and do very vigorous science . "  At the most basic level , if we can come away from this important shipwreck site with a very , very good map and a much better understanding of the layout of the wreck , from that data we can begin to pose new questions to drive forward the research , " explained Foley , who has worked with the Ministry of Culture in Greece for the last decade . The international expedition started by mapping out the site using "  Sirius , " an autonomous underwater vehicle  AUV  from the Australian Centre for Field Robotics . The AUV conducted a high-resolution survey of the wreck site to create precise 3D documentation of the expansive debris field . Meanwhile , technical divers equipped with metal detectors scanned the seafloor to determine the extent of the wreckage under the sediment before test trench excavations were able to begin . Underwater "  Iron Man " The team also arrived in Greece with a next-generation diving suit that could revolutionize the future of ocean exploration . Looking like something straight out of "  Iron Man , " the Exosuit is an atmospheric diving system , created by Vancover-based Nuytco Research , originally designed for offshore exploration of oil fields . Repurposed for the expedition , Foley explained it offers the team extensive bottom time at the site . "  The system itself for the Exosuit has life support for something like 40 hours if all went to hell . I mean , really , it 's when you get tired and sore , and want to have a sandwich and use the toilet , that you come up , " he said . And the best part is the simplicity of the technology , revealed its creator Phil Nuytten . "  You can literally operate the Exosuit after a few hours of training . The majority of the training is spent in emergency drills . But the actual functioning of it is as simple as learning to drive a golf cart , " said Nuytten , a pioneer in deep-sea exploratory technology . "  The suit is controlled by footpads that can tilt forward , backwards or from side to side . " Aside from Exosuit 's ease , Nuytten also highlighted how the suit negates some of the side effects of conventional saturation diving , like decompression sickness and prolonged , unnecessary dive times . "  In the Exosuit , you jump into it and the compression time is zero . You 're down to 1,000 ft within 10 minutes and you can spend six to eight hours there and then come back in 10 minutes instead of 10 days . " But for the dive team , it 's the opportunity for exploration that is the biggest pull of Exosuit . "  We figure by the end of the first two days with Exosuit , we 'll have more time on the Antikythera shipwreck than any other dive put together that 's gone before it , " said Foley . A doomed dowry ? It 's been a mammoth undertaking and with a bill at over $ 2 million  over $ 2.5 million  , the team was hoping the Mediterranean would yield some of its secrets . Prior to this scientific dive , the archaeologists had little to go on and were left to come up with theories based on the little historical evidence at hand . When human remains -- including a skull that was 80 % intact -- were recovered in ' 76 , a treasure trove of jewelry , perfume bottles and other female-related trinkets were found close by . "  One of our pet theories is that maybe this ship was carrying a really wealthy woman from Asia Minor , and she was going to be married and this cargo was her dowry . It 's impossible to prove but it 's a nice romantic notion , " said Foley . With such a long passage of time between when the ship sank and the present day , and so many unanswered questions , the scientists and archaeologists expect to be working on the project for at least the next five years . And it 's a journey Foley is excited to have embarked on . "  I like to think of shipwrecks as books , books in a library . The seafloor is a vast library and with every single shipwreck , there is a book telling us about the past and the artifact that we raise is like a page in that book . "  So if we want to try to recreate the ancient past and figure out who we are , who we came from , why we live in this modern world , then the only way to do that is to look at the physical remains of past cultures . "	Divers have recovered new items from 2000-year-old wreck site Items found include a bronze spear from a life-size statue , tableware and anchors Co-director Theotokis Theodoulou : "  We have a lot of work to do at this site to uncover its secrets " Earlier dives returned with gems , gold , life-size statues and human remains
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Sen. Edward Kennedy declared there was "  new hope " for the nation in his surprise appearance at the Democratic National Convention , while Michelle Obama addressed critics of her patriotism and stressed her love for the country . Sen. Edward Kennedy makes a surprise speech before a roaring crowd at the convention . "  Nothing is going to keep me away from this special gathering tonight , " Kennedy told an arena of teary-eyed delegates as he pledged to see Barack Obama to the White House and his own return to the Senate floor . Before the convention , the ailing liberal icon had made only one public appearance since undergoing surgery for a brain tumor on June 2 . Before his remarks , his niece , Caroline Kennedy , introduced a video that paid tribute to his life and the causes he has fought for throughout his more than 45-year tenure in the Senate . Watch highlights from the opening night " The reception Kennedy got was reminiscent of the reception that his brother , Robert , got in 1964 when he addressed the convention after their brother John was assassinated , said Bill Schneider , a CNN senior political analyst . The crowd was perhaps a little sentimental , Schneider said because "  they 're very aware that it may be the last major speech he ever gives . They 're hopeful it 's not -- but fearful it might be . " Watch Kennedy 's words fire up delegates " Republican strategist Alex Castellanos said Kennedy 's speech would be "  one of the highlights of the evening if not the entire Democratic convention , " and CNN contributor James Carville called it "  the most emotional thing I have ever seen . " "  I do n't care if you 're a Democrat or a Republican -- you 're going to be moved by that , " he said . The Democratic convention culminates Thursday when Obama formally accepts his party 's nomination . Obama , the junior senator from Illinois , will become the first African-American to lead a major party ticket . His wife of nearly 16 years , Michelle Obama , told the packed convention center stories from when she and Obama first met . The woman known as "  the rock " in the Obama family also introduced herself as a sister , a mother and a "  wife who loves my husband and believes he will be an extraordinary president . " "  This is the first time most Americans are getting any sense of who Michelle Obama really is . She 's a very poised and accomplished speaker , a real professional , " Schneider said . Obama said her "  piece of the American Dream is a blessing hard won by those who came before me , " and praised both Sens. Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden for opening up opportunities for others . Check out photos from the first day of the convention " "  All of us driven by a simple belief that the world as it is just wo n't do -- that we have an obligation to fight for the world as it should be . "  That is the thread that connects our hearts . That is the thread that runs through my journey and Barack 's journey and so many other improbable journeys that have brought us here tonight , where the current of history meets this new tide of hope . "  That is why I love this country , " she said before the cheering audience . The potential first lady caused controversy earlier in the campaign season when she said she was really proud of the United States for the "  first time " in her adult life . Those comments were replayed in attack ads from Republicans . Craig Robinson , Michelle Obama 's brother , spoke briefly before his sister took the stage . "  I do n't want to just introduce my sister , I want to introduce you to my sister . The girl I grew up with . The poised young woman I saw her grow in to . The compassionate mother , aunt and sister-in-law she is . The passionate voice for women and children she has become . And the type of first lady she will be , " he said before sharing memories from their childhood . Barack Obama addressed the delegates in a short message via satellite at the conclusion of his wife 's speech . "  Now you know why I asked her out so many times , even though she said no . You want a persistent president , " he joked . Obama 's two daughters , Sasha and Malia , grabbed the mic to give their father a quick "  hello . " Obama watched his wife 's speech from Kansas City , Missouri , where he is scheduled to campaign Tuesday . Watch as Obama watches his wife 's speech " Monday night 's theme was "  One Nation . " Other speakers included Democratic Party Chairman Howard Dean , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. . Former Republican Rep. Jim Leach of Iowa , who endorsed Obama and recommended Republican Rep. Chuck Hagel as a vice presidential candidate , also addressed the opening night of the convention . iReport.com : Share your reaction to convention speeches While Kennedy and Michelle Obama earned rave reviews , analysts said the hours leading up to their appearances were largely uneventful . "  If this party has a message , it 's done a hell of a job of hiding it , " said Carville , who was a strategist for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign . Bill Bennett , a political analyst for CNN who served in Republican administrations , said it was "  stunning " how little substance was offered up in the first two hours of the convention . "  Having worked on the choreography of these before , you need to grab people 's attention with a message early on ... not to let these sort of hours get frittered away , " he said . Tuesday 's lineup will likely be dramatic , as Hillary Clinton delivers the headline speech . Clinton and Obama battled it out in their protracted primary season , and questions still linger over whether her supporters are ready to rally behind her formal rival . Wednesday night features an address from former President Bill Clinton , as well as a speech from Joe Biden , the newly tapped vice presidential candidate . Going into the start of the back-to-back conventions , Obama and presumptive Republican nominee John McCain were tied in the race for the White House , according to a new poll . In a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Sunday night -- after Obama announced Biden as his running mate , 47 percent of those questioned are backing Obama , with an equal amount supporting McCain . The poll was conducted on Saturday and Sunday , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points for all voters .	Michelle Obama makes case for husband , closing convention 's first night Sen. Kennedy addresses convention less than 3 months after brain surgery Barack Obama appears only briefly via satellite from Kansas City Hillary Clinton to headline convention 's second night
CNN  -- President Benigno Aquino of the Philippines declared a state of national calamity on Tuesday after visiting areas in the south of the country that were devastated by a tropical storm over the weekend . The death toll continued to rise from Tropical Storm Washi , which has left tens of thousands of people homeless as aid agencies struggle to deal with a growing humanitarian crisis . Aquino made the declaration in a speech broadcast on national radio after surveying the destruction in the port cities Iligan and Cagayan de Oro on the island of Mindanao , where the vast majority of the dead were found . Figures released by the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council put the death toll at 957 early Tuesday . The Philippine Red Cross reported a lower death toll , at 713 . Survivors in the area recounted brushes with death as flooding from the storm struck in the middle of the night . Now , they 're trying to piece their lives back together . "  We escaped just in time , " said Rona Magto , a high school teacher and mother of two from Iligan City . "  Those behind us were already flooded and cars were afloat . There was water everywhere and the current was so strong . " Rona and her family survived , but others , including her best friend , Remy Rubio , are missing . Rona has since returned home and started to clean up in an effort to make her home habitable again . But outside her window , she says , she sees emptiness . The area in front of her still looks like a river and behind her , posts are left where there used to be houses . Tropical Storm Washi has affected more than 338,415 people , the disaster council said . About 88,000 people are being served at evacuation centers , according to the Department of Social Welfare and Development . U.S. President Barack Obama issued a statement Monday expressing "  deep condolences for the tremendous loss of life and devastation . " He said the United States "  stands ready to assist the Philippine people and government should humanitarian assistance and recovery efforts be needed . " The Red Cross said hundreds of people remained unaccounted for after entire villages were swept away . The government has actually lost count of the number of people missing , said Benito Ramos , head of the disaster council . At least 400 people are missing in Iligan City alone , according to the Department of Interior and Local Government . Military and disaster officials said many people were swept away as they were sleeping . Water-logged bodies from washed-away villages floated at the shoreline on the northwestern coast of Mindanao island . Five people were killed in a landslide , but virtually all the others died in flash flooding after Tropical Storm Washi , which is called Sendong locally . Survivors in the hardest-hit areas are contending with no electricity or clean drinking water . Flash flooding overnight Friday , following 10 hours of rain , fueled the devastation . As much as 20 centimeters  8 inches  of rain fell within 24 hours in some areas . December generally brings about 60 millimeters of rain  a little over 2 inches  to the region , CNN Meteorologist Pedram Javaheri reported . Journalist Sunshine de Leon contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll from Tropical Storm Washi rises to 957 , government says NEW : President Aquino visits the stricken area and declares a national calamity NEW : Survivor try to piece lives back together after neighborhoods swept away NEW : Storm has affected more than 338,415 people , government says
CNN  -- Country singer Randy Travis left a Texas hospital and entered a physical therapy facility , his publicist said Wednesday . The release and transfer came three weeks after Travis was admitted to The Heart Hospital at Baylor Plano for treatment of congestive heart failure . He later suffered a stroke , which doctors said was a complication of the heart failure . "  Thanks to all the fans and friends for your continued prayers and support as Randy continues on the road to recovery , " his fiance Mary Davis said in a written statement Wednesday . Travis , 54 , was initially hospitalized July 7 at Baylor Medical Center at McKinney , Texas , with a presumptive cardiomyopathy and congestive heart failure , according to publicist Kirt Webster . The singer transferred to The Heart Hospital the next day . Travis ' illness is related to his "  recently acquired viral cardiomyopathy , " one of his doctors said . Viral cardiomyopathy is a disorder where a virus attacks the muscles of the heart , causing the heart to beat slower , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's website . In some cases , the heart can stop , it said . Travis had a tough year in 2012 with arrests for assault and public intoxication , which earned him probation . Travis was at the forefront of the "  New Traditionalist " movement in the 1980s and 1990s , but he faded as the '90s wore on . He made a comeback after turning to gospel music in 1999 . His song "  Three Wooden Crosses " won song of the year in 2003 from both the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music .	Travis entered a Texas hospital for treatment of congestive heart failure on July 7 He later suffered a stroke , which doctors said was a complication of the heart failure "  Randy continues on the road to recovery , " his fiance says
CNN  -- The failure of the P5 +1  the United States , United Kingdom , France , China , Russia plus Germany  to reach agreement with Iran Saturday in Geneva is a good thing if it allows the United States and Israel to sort out what really divides them on the Iranian nuclear issue before negotiations resume in coming days . That the French -- not the United States -- seem to have taken the lead in stiffening the allies ' demands with Iran is in itself a reflection of those differences . And while a high-ranking U.S. delegation headed to Israel Sunday to brief the Israelis on the talks , bridging the gap there wo n't be that easy . Where you stand in life has a great deal to do with where you sit . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's fierce reaction to the effort to reach an interim agreement reflects the realities of a small power with much less room to maneuver on a critical security issue than a great one . And it reveals the sensitivities of an Israeli leader who 's far more invested politically in seeing a nuke-free Iran , far more suspicious of Iranian motives and far more worried about the consequences of a bad deal for Israel than a U.S. President who 's concerned more about what happens if there 's no deal and Israel or the United States slides toward military confrontation with the mullahs who rule Iran . That gap between the United States and Israel is real . And it should neither be trivialized nor exaggerated . But short of a final deal in which Iran abandons its nuclear ambitions , it may not be bridgeable . These two allies will need to manage it as best they can . And here 's why . Big and Small Powers With non-predatory neighbors to its north and south and fish to its east and west , the United States enjoys a level of physical security unprecedented in the history of great and small powers . That gives America a margin for error that the small power simply can not afford . Indeed , Americans have a hard time internalizing what it 's like to be a small nation living on the knife 's edge , whose tiny physical size , isolation and sense of vulnerability exists alongside its power and strength . I do n't think Iran wants nuclear weapons to launch a first strike against Israel . But it 's impossible to ignore , let alone trivialize , Israeli security concerns and vulnerabilities in this regard , particularly in the face of Iran 's rhetoric , regional ambitions and support for terrorism over the years . Israel is n't some hapless victim , a piece of driftwood bobbing about on a turbulent sea ; it 's a dynamic nation  and a nuclear weapons state  with great military power with the capacity if need be to deal with Iran too . But that does n't take away from the reality that it 's a small country living in a dangerous neighborhood . Netanyahu 's World View All Israeli Prime Ministers are said to sleep with one eye open . Benjamin Netanyahu sleeps with two eyes open . No Israeli Prime Minister can afford to take Israel 's security for granted . And none does . But ever since I 've known him , the key to understanding this Prime Minister is that he 's immersed in the proposition that Israel 's very survival ca n't be taken for granted either . All Israeli leaders function in a high threat environment . But in Netanyahu 's case , it defines his world and creates an us-against-them sensibility that extends to Israel 's adversaries and its friends too . He has been deeply suspicious of American motives for many years and believes the United States does n't understand the Arabs or Israel 's security predicament . You live in Chevy Chase , he 's said to me on more than one occasion ; we live in a dangerous neighborhood with little margin for error . I never argued with him . What was the point ? Unlike Israel , there is no existential threat to the United States from any external enemy largely because of where we are . But Israel 's history has been marked by a continuous series of threats -- large and small -- by virtue of where the Israelis are . However powerful they have become , that legacy endures . And combined with the dark history of the Jewish people culminating in the Nazi genocide , it has left an enduring mark . The notion that Israelis fight the Arabs during the day and win and fight the Nazis at night and lose carries particular resonance with this Israeli Prime Minister . The late Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin never used Holocaust imagery to describe the contemporary threats to Israel 's security . Ehud Barak refused to use Hitler analogies when discussing Iran . Netanyahu does , repeatedly . Iran is Nazi Germany ; former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is Hitler and we 're in 1938 on the nuclear issue . It infuses his rhetoric and his world view . And while Rouhani has changed the tone and may be genuinely looking for an agreement , the charm offensive has n't dulled the acuteness of Netanyahu 's suspicions . Consequences of Israeli-American Tensions This world view poses enormous challenges for a U.S. administration , partly because it 's validated by Iran 's own past rhetoric and actions and because Iran has tried to hide suspected military aspects of its nuclear program . Leaving an angry , aggrieved Israel in the wake of an interim deal with Iran that is judged to be a bad deal carries tremendous risk and consequence . First , the focus is now on an interim agreement -- a first step . That means that we wo n't know the end state for at least six months . Time is both an enemy and an ally here . The step-by-step approach creates time to test intentions . It also affords time for Iran to continue to advance aspects of its nuclear program and to develop a break-out capacity to dash for weapons . And they are going to be a rocky six months if Netanyahu concludes that the interim arrangements reached in Geneva work to Iran 's advantage . Going right to the endgame would be ideal . But it 's just not feasible . There 's too much suspicion and mistrust . And neither Iran nor the United States are prepared for that . So there 's built in U.S.-Israeli tension inherent in the structure of the talks themselves . Second , while the Prime Minister 's fierce reaction to events in Geneva is driven by genuine anger and concern , it 's also designed to begin to stir up opposition in Congress . And it wo n't take much stirring . There 's zero capacity in Congress to give Iran the benefit of the doubt on anything . And Congress is already inclined to adopt the Israeli view that what 's required now is more pressure on the mullahs rather than less , including additional sanctions . The idea that the Obama administration would want to place itself in a position of defending a deal with Iran that Israel and much of Congress oppose -- and appear implicitly to be defending the Iranians in the process -- defies the laws of political gravity , particularly for a much weakened president . To overcome these political downsides and go into battle mode , the administration would really have to have a compelling interim agreement that 's sound and defensible . Third , the United States is measuring an agreement with Iran at this stage not against an ideal end state -- Iran capitulates and surrenders any hope of maintaining the capacity to enrich uranium , let alone make bombs . It 's evaluating success in terms of what 's practical and what will happen if no deal is reached , namely the slide toward the use of military force against Iran . Israelis do n't want a war with Iran either ; but they are much more comfortable with threatening military action and conditioned to accept the possibility that force may have to be used , even if the end state is an imperfect one and Iran sets about rebuilding a nuclear program . The key issue is putting time on the clock to delay Iran getting nukes -- preferably through diplomacy , but if necessary by force . Fourth , an already problematic Israeli-Palestinian peace process is going to get a lot more complicated . Narrowing the gaps on borders , refugees and Jerusalem was always going to be tough ; but now getting Netanyahu to make decisions will be almost impossible . Israel-Palestinian peace process at risk Whether the administration thought through the overlapping of a peace process with a nine-month timeline and a negotiation with Iran of six months now aligned to come to fruition right around the same time is n't clear . But the coincidence of the timing could n't be worse . The odds that this Prime Minister would make decisions on historic issues with the Palestinians before there was clarity on Iran 's nuclear program were always slim to none . For Netanyahu , the Palestinians are a long-term challenge ; Iran is an imminent , acute problem . And a Netanyahu who believes the Americans are n't taking him seriously on Iran is certain to be withholding when it comes to the peace process . To satisfy Israeli requirements , an interim agreement would have to do at least three things : first , avoid doing anything that dismantles the sanctions regime and removes real pressure on Iran to cut the final deal ; second , make it impossible for Iran to use the next six months to advance in a significant way any of the aspects of its nuclear program -- not just to freeze Iran 's program but to actually set it back significantly . And finally , not to do anything with regard to sanctions that ca n't be reversed . All of this may not be possible . But in the next 10 days before negotiations with Iran resume , everything should be done to try to make certain that Washington and Jerusalem understand one another and to ensure that there 's as much confidence and trust going forward as possible . An orchestrated good cop/bad cop routine between allies could be helpful in negotiating with Iran . A rift that signals the United States and Israel are fundamentally out of step is not . There are no happy or perfect endings here . At best , the choice is between an imperfect interim agreement that buys six months to determine whether Iran is prepared to give up its quest for a nuclear weapons capacity or no agreement and an inevitable slide toward military confrontation . As of now the United States sees the advantage of the former ; Netanyahu does n't . The United States has no stake in concluding an agreement with Iran that leaves Israel angry , aggrieved and vulnerable . So , the two sides will find a way to work this through . But for now , buckle your seat belts . We could be in for one bumpy ride . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Talks between major powers and Iran break down but are expected to resume Aaron Miller says a key problem is gap between U.S. and Israel on Iran Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu 's world view very different from President Obama 's , he says Miller : An agreement Israel opposes would be unpopular in Congress
London  CNN  -- With his fate at home hanging in the balance , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani repudiated U.S. claims that Pakistan was falling short on fighting the war on terrorism and said instead that his nation was operating on a trust deficit with Washington . "  There 's a trust deficit between both the countries , between both the governments , " Gilani said in an interview with CNN in London . "  That is the reason we are wanting to work for new terms of engagement and cooperation with the United States . " Pakistan has been a key U.S. ally , but relations between the two nations have been strained in recent months , especially after last year 's killing of Osama bin Laden on Pakistani soil and a NATO airstrike in November that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers . Amid a lack of harmony , the Obama administration has said it is not convinced Pakistan is pulling its weight . At the end of an Asia tour Tuesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Pakistan ought to do more in fighting extremism . Gilani countered that his country was doing all it could in partnership with the United States . "  If there is any credible , actionable information , please share with us , because are already working with you , " he said . "  My ISI is working with the CIA . What else do you want ? " The ISI , or Inter-Services Intelligence , is Pakistan 's powerful spy agency , which some U.S. officials have charged is protecting militant groups . How can relations between the two nations , strained in recent months , improve ? "  One point , " Gilani said . "  That is mutual respect and mutual interest . " A lack of trust is not the only stain marring a critical relationship . Pakistan has said it wants an end to U.S. drone strikes on its territory , and Gilani made the point again Tuesday . "  We always take drones as counterproductive , and it 's not lawful , " Gilani said . Back at home , Gilani faces myriad national woes : a faltering economy , widespread poverty and corruption . And now , his own future . He was convicted last month of contempt for his refusal to revive old corruption charges against President Asif Ali Zardari . Some analysts predicted the conviction would plunge Pakistan into crisis , perhaps even spark another military coup . But on a five-day visit to the United Kingdom , Gilani remained confidant and defiant as ever about stepping down , saying that only parliament had the right to force him from office . "  If I 'm disqualified , notified by the speaker , then yes I have to , " he said about leaving his job . Pakistan 's Supreme Court issued a detailed verdict Tuesday that made it clear it held Gilani in contempt of court for defying the highest judiciary in the land . Gilani defended himself just as strongly as he defended Pakistan and the course it has taken in battling terrorism . "  Whatever I have done is according to the constitution , " he said . "  It is not on any moral turpitude or financial corruption . " He said information about the most wanted terror suspects is shared with Washington . In the case of bin Laden , Gillani said Pakistan was not aware of the al Qaeda mastermind 's residence in Abbottabad . "  That was intelligence failure of the whole world . It was not just an intelligence failure of Pakistan , " he said . Pakistanis , of all people , know the consequences of terrorists on their soil , he said . However , Clinton said this week that the United States believed Ayman al-Zawahiri was hiding in Pakistan . Al-Zawahiri inherited the al Qaeda leadership after the death of bin Laden , who spent years on the lam in Pakistan , fleeing from safe house to safe house , according to one of his widows . Clinton also touted the Rewards for Justice program , aimed at obtaining information that could help convict suspected terrorists . Rewards go as high as $ 25 million for information on al-Zawahiri and $ 10 million for information about Hafiz Mohammad Saeed , a Pakistani man wanted by Indian authorities in connection with the 2008 assault on Mumbai , India , that killed 166 people . Asked why Saeed remains a free man , Gilani said Pakistan was still "  waiting for some concrete sort of information and evidence " that could be used against him in court . CNN 's Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani says Pakistan wants "  new terms of engagement " with U.S. The U.S. claims Pakistan needs to do more to combat terrorism Pakistan is a key U.S. ally , but relations have been strained recently Gilani 's own future is uncertain after he was found guilty of contempt
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The notorious Iraq prison once called Abu Ghraib has reopened under Iraqi government control . And the Ministry of Justice has launched a public-relations campaign to show it has changed since the days when prisoners were tortured there -- first under Saddam Hussein , and later by American troops . The Iraqi Ministry of Justice gave journalists an inside look at the prison formerly known as Abu Ghraib . It is now called Baghdad Central Prison , and has water fountains , a freshly planted garden and a gym -- complete with weights and sports teams ' jerseys on the walls . Under Saddam Hussein , tens of thousands of Iraqis were thrown behind bars here . There were horrific stories of torture , abuse , execution without trial . In 2004 , the prison was once again thrown into the international spotlight , this time because of abuse by U.S. troops . Watch how the prison has been revamped " Detainees were photographed in degrading positions , as Americans posed next to them smiling . The images -- naked prisoners stacked on top of each other , or being threatened by dogs , or hooded and wired up as if for electrocution -- caused outrage around the world when they were leaked to the news media in May 2004 . Brig. Gen. Janis Karpinski , commander of the Abu Ghraib prison at the time , was demoted in rank to colonel because of the scandal . Seven low-ranking guards and two military intelligence soldiers -- described by then-U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld as "  bad apples " -- were disciplined after the scandal surfaced . Rumsfeld later said the day the scandal broke was the worst in his tenure as defense secretary . "  Clearly the worst day was Abu Ghraib , and seeing what went on there and feeling so deeply sorry that that happened , " Rumsfeld said shortly before leaving office at the end of 2006 . "  I remember being stunned by the news of the abuse . " The United States always denied it was a matter of policy to torture detainees . But it shut down Abu Ghraib in September 2006 and turned the facility over to the Iraqis . They have revamped and reopened it . Rooms have been transformed and renovated . CNN was told , but not shown , that a few hundred prisoners are here already , in a revamped part of the facility that can hold up to 3,000 prisoners . The capacity is critical to help deal with overcrowding at Iraq 's other facilities and the potential security threat . The Iraqi government is going to great lengths to try to change the image this facility has . It organized a tour for journalists , very carefully orchestrated by the Ministry of Justice . Murtada Sharif , the only Ministry of Justice official to speak to CNN on camera about the prison , admitted Abu Ghraib is synonymous in people 's minds with the inhumane acts that took place there both before and after the fall of Saddam in 2003 . "  We want to change its image , to make it a place of justice , " he said . A wing that used to hold a thousand prisoners In Saddam Hussein 's time now is ready for 160 . Cells that used to hold between 30 and 50 people now have a capacity of eight . Prisoners and their families actually get to see each other -- the prisoners behind a cage-like structure , the families on the other side of the fence , in a courtyard with a playground for the children . Again , it is part of the whole effort to create a different atmosphere . But human rights organizations in Iraq say abuse and torture remain routine in Iraq 's detention facilities . Changing Abu Ghraib 's infamous reputation may take more than fresh paint and fake flowers .	Abu Ghraib is now Baghdad Central Prison , with a garden and a gym In 2004 , photos of prisoners being humiliated by American guards were published Ministry of Justice trying to show that the prison , now under Iraqi control , has changed
NASA says the Cassini spacecraft recorded the aftermath of a massive storm on Saturn that let out an "  unprecedented belch of energy . " Not only was the size of the storm unusual , but what the storm was made of left scientists puzzled . The source of the cosmic burp , which rapidly changed the atmosphere 's temperature , was ethylene gas , an odorless , colorless gas that has rarely been observed on Saturn , NASA said . "  This temperature spike is so extreme it 's almost unbelievable , " said Brigette Hesman , the study 's lead author who works at Goddard . "  To get a temperature change of the same scale on Earth , you 'd be going from the depths of winter in Fairbanks , Alaska , to the height of summer in the Mojave Desert , " Hesman said in a statement released by NASA . NASA 's NuStar gets first look at black hole at the center of the Milky Way Scientists still have n't figured out from where the ethylene gas came . By comparison , a storm of similar size on Earth would cover North America from top to bottom and wrap the planet many times , researchers said . The Cassini spacecraft first detected the disruption on December 5 , 2010 , and has been following it since , but researchers said the ethylene gas disruption that followed the storm was unexpected . A storm this size happens once every 30 years , or once every Saturn year , NASA scientists said . Launched in 1997 , the Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency . A full report will be published in November 's issue of the Astrophysical Journal . More news about outer space on CNN.com 's Light Years blog	The storm , first detected in 2010 , let out something of a cosmic burp If on Earth , it would cover North America top to bottom and wrap the globe many times The storm also led to a drastic change in the ringed planet
CNN  -- Four years ago , Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul had raised $ 8.3 million by the end of the third quarter of 2007 . One-third of that came in small , unitemized contributions of under $ 200 each -- the proverbial "  small donor " giving that is the mark of a grass-roots based campaign . In the 2012 cycle , he has raised $ 15.4 million through September 30 , of which 41 % has come in amounts under $ 200 . Four years ago , according to the Campaign Finance Institute  my source for all these numbers  , by September 30 Paul had a little more than 7,000 itemized individual donors -- the people who give between $ 201 and the top individual limit , which was then $ 2,300  and is now $ 2,500  . This time around , he had more than 12,000 itemized individual donors at the end of September .  By comparison , Mitt Romney only had 19,700 itemized individual donors this past September 30 , compared to 29,700 four years ago . Clearly -- only six days before voters caucus in Iowa -- Ron Paul is doing something more right in 2012 than he did in 2008 . That includes keeping his massive online base engaged after 2008 with various campaigns , including his son Rand 's successful bid for the U.S. Senate . It also includes spending lots of money earlier this summer in Iowa and New Hampshire on TV ads that were far more professionally produced than anything he ran four years ago . He has spent oodles more hitting his Republican rivals hard now that the first actual caucuses and primaries are just days away . He also has developed a well-organized campaign organization on the ground , something he lacked four years ago . Says Republican online strategist Martin Avila , who worked on Paul 's 2008 e-campaign , "  It 's wonderful to see the campaign building early state infrastructure , something 2008 was lacking , focused on winning . " It also does n't hurt that on some issues -- like the power of the Federal Reserve , the bailout of the banks and America 's expensive wars overseas -- the questions Paul has been asking have gained in salience since 2008 . That 's true even if you do n't agree with his answers on those issues . It probably has also helped that for almost all of the last year , the mainstream media has n't bothered to take Paul very seriously . No less an authority than Jon Stewart has pointed out , several times , the strange bias in the media against giving Paul his due , or asking hard questions of his many hyper-libertarian positions . Thus he 's mostly flown under the radar , until now . Now , in this topsy-turvy presidential primary , where no one candidate seems capable of building and holding a dominating lead , Iowa polls show that Ron Paul suddenly seems on the verge of a breakthrough . Lots of observers think he may well win the caucuses by a plurality  especially if it snows and supporters of other candidates stay home  . No less a sage than Nate Silver of the FiveThirtyEight blog at The New York Times says an Iowa win could give Paul a shot at winning New Hampshire . What that may mean for the larger politics of 2012 is beyond the scope of this column . But there 's a paradox buried inside Paul 's rise in the Republican field , a time bomb ticking away . Call it the curse of the "  Paulbots . " The more Paul rises , the more he needs to temper his rhetoric and fine-tune his message  especially given the kind of baggage he carries  . And the more he needs a fine-tuned message , the more he has to control his fractious fans . But people who organize themselves online today are notoriously hard to control . Recall how in 2007 , the "  Paulbots " were everywhere : running up the numbers on every online poll they could find , generating one-day fundraising records in a desperate bid for national attention  they coined the word "  money-bomb "  , and creating massive amounts of voter-generated media on his behalf . They made everything from viral videos to a Ron Paul blimp . It was , as Justine Lam , his online director from that campaign , put it to me , "  a very organic , grass-roots driven campaign . " And many of the tactics those grass-roots supporters dreamed up , like that blimp , which cost $ 600,000 , did n't do much to actually help Paul win votes on the ground in the all-important early states . This time , Lam observes , "  There does n't seem to be the same amount of excitement , but that could be because there 's more of a typical campaigning structure around all activities this time around because of the lessons learned , the training that was done between the campaigns and probably various other reasons . " My guess is that those other reasons include the sense that , given the divided field , Paul could somehow go all the way and win the Republican nomination . And if you thought your favorite long-shot candidate was on the verge of a breakthrough , you 'd probably discipline yourself , too . But things are about to get a bit crazy . Paul 's late surge and possible win next week in Iowa are going to generate a huge burst of national media attention and plenty of hard-edged questions about his past and views . And the Paulbot base does n't handle criticism very well . The other day , for example , my techPresident colleague Sarah Lai Stirland reported on a growing battle breaking out on the massive social news filtering site Reddit between Paul supporters and critics tired of their efforts to "  spam " Redditors with slanted news favoring Paul . Vocal Paul supporters outnumber their critics on the site , but their language and tactics are often arrogant and ugly . Passion can power a campaign , but self-righteousness can also cripple it . If the Internet hyper-empowers small groups of people , enabling them to punch above their weight , it also hyper-exposes them . In the coming days , as Paul 's star rises , his online base is going to be tested as much as he is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Micah Sifry .	Ron Paul is trying to engage his massive online base with various campaigns Clearly the candidate is doing something more right in 2012 than he did in 2008 The more Paul rises , the more he needs to temper his rhetoric and fine-tune his message
CNN  -- Tommy Chong , one-half of the marijuana-loving "  Cheech and Chong " comedy duo , is battling prostate cancer , he announced Saturday on CNN . Having first noticed symptoms about eight years ago while incarcerated for selling drug paraphernalia , Chong said he was diagnosed "  about a month ago . " He revealed his condition in an interview about his support for decriminalizing marijuana use and sales . "  I 've got prostate cancer , and I 'm treating it with hemp oil , with cannabis , " he told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  So  legalizing marijuana  means a lot more to me than just being able to smoke a joint without being arrested . " Chong described the cancer "  as a slow stage one  that I 've  had for a long time . " He said that he was drug free for about three years , during which time he began having prostate-related problems . "  So I know it had nothing to do with cannabis , " he said . "  Cannabis is a cure . " He and his on-screen partner Cheech Marin recorded a series of hot-selling comedy albums in the early 1970s , before hitting the big screen in 1978 with "  Up in Smoke . " It was the first of several "  Cheech and Chong " films chronicling the adventures and misadventures of the stoner pair . The two continue to tour as a comedic act , with shows scheduled for later this month and the fall , according to their official website . Besides the "  Cheech and Chong " films , Chong has appeared in several TV series , such as "  That 70 's Show . " He 's authored several books including "  The I Chong : Meditations from the Joint " about his "  family business " specializing in handmade bongs , arrest and nine months in federal prison , according to his and Marin 's website . Chong , 74 , explained to CNN that he does n't smoke marijuana , which he said he 'd quit about a year ago "  for health reasons , " to treat his prostate cancer . Rather , he said the ingests the hemp oil "  at night , so I wo n't be woozy all day . " "  I 'm taking it as a medicine , " he said .	Tommy Chong says he has "  slow stage one " prostate cancer He says his cancer makes his fight to decriminalize marijuana more personal Chong says he 's ingesting hemp oil "  as a medicine " to treat his cancer He is one half of the "  Cheech and Chong " comedy duo
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Briton accused of hacking into U.S. government computers on Friday lost his court appeal to have his case heard in Britain , his legal team said . Briton Gary McKinnon is accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation . The decision means Gary McKinnon faces extradition to the United States , where he is wanted for allegedly hacking into computers at the Pentagon and NASA . His mother , Janis Sharp , promised to appeal . McKinnon , who has admitted breaking the law and intentionally gaining unauthorized access to computer systems , wanted to be tried in Britain rather than the United States . He planned to ask judges at the High Court in London to review a recent decision by the director of public prosecutions not to pursue legal action in Britain , a spokeswoman at the prosecutor 's office told CNN July . The prosecutor 's decision effectively cleared the way for McKinnon 's extradition . The U.S. government says McKinnon carried out the biggest military computer hacking of all time , accessing 97 computers from his home in London for a year starting in March 2001 and costing the government about $ 1 million . McKinnon , currently free on bail in England , has said he was simply doing research to find out whether the U.S. government was covering up the existence of UFOs . Prosecutors in the United States and Britain disagree . "  These were not random experiments in computer hacking , but a deliberate effort to breach U.S. defense systems at a critical time which caused well-documented damage , " Alison Saunders of the Crown Prosecution Service said in February . "  They may have been conducted from Mr. McKinnon 's home computer -- and in that sense there is a UK link -- but the target and the damage were trans-Atlantic . " U.S. federal prosecutors accuse McKinnon of breaking into military , NASA and civilian networks and accessing computers at the Pentagon ; Fort Benning , Georgia ; Fort Meade , Maryland ; the Earle Naval Weapons Station in Colts Neck , New Jersey ; and the Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas , among others . In one case , McKinnon allegedly crashed computers belonging to the Military District of Washington . McKinnon is believed to have acted alone , with no known connection to any terrorist organization , said Paul McNulty , the former U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia . A U.S. federal grand jury indicted McKinnon on seven counts of computer fraud and related activity . If convicted , he would face a maximum of 10 years in prison on each count and a $ 250,000 fine . McKinnon 's lawyer , Karen Todner , complained that the United States has never provided evidence to prosecutors or McKinnon 's legal team to support their extradition request -- and in fact , under Britain 's Extradition Act of 2003 , U.S. prosecutors are not required to . McKinnon has previously said it was easy for him to access the secret files . "  I did occasionally leave messages in system administrators ' machines saying , ` This is ridiculous , ' " McKinnon has said . "  I left  some political diatribes as well , but also a pointer to say , you know , this is ridiculous . " McKinnon was on the brink of extradition in August 2008 , when the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg , France , refused to reconsider the decision to send him to the United States , effectively clearing the way for his transfer . Shortly after that decision , however , McKinnon was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome , and he claims that diagnosis changed the case for extradition . It was on that basis that McKinnon made his appeals in Britain . Asperger syndrome is a form of autism that affects a person 's social communication and interaction , according to Britain 's National Autistic Society . Those affected often are of above-average intelligence and have fewer problems speaking than do those with autism . They sometimes have difficulty knowing when to start or end a conversation and can be very literal in what they say , with difficulty understanding jokes , metaphors and sarcasm .	Gary McKinnon admits intentionally gaining access to government systems Briton accused of carrying out biggest ever U.S. military computer hacking He says he was researching whether U.S. was covering up existence of UFOs
CNN  -- Mariah Carey is back in action and ready to let go . The singer is set to release a new single , "  The Art of Letting Go , " on November 11 . She tells CNN in an interview that this is one track she can relate to "  on every level . " "  As a songwriter , I never like to be too totally specific , because I like people to be able to make it about their own life experiences , " Carey said . "  But  there is an art to learning how to let go of things in your life , people in your life , things that are not good for you . Whatever the case may be . " At the moment , Carey 's focused on letting go of the lingering pain from a recent injury . In July , the singer took a nasty fall on the set of a music video , dislocating her shoulder among other things . "  I fell off something very high , and I dislocated my shoulder , fractured my shoulder ,  and  fractured the rib area , " Carey said . "  It just requires a lot of physical therapy , but I 'm like 90 to 95 percent there . " For her new single , the star collaborated with producer Rodney Jerkins and created "  The Art of Letting Go " through what Carey describes as an organic process . The result , she said , is a song that goes back to her roots . "  There 's an emotion to it , as you listen to the song start to finish , that you can tell that it 's me if it 's anybody that 's ever met me or been listening to music over however long . I was 2 when I started ! As she continues to recuperate , Carey is looking forward to getting back to her roots . "  There 's an emotion to it , as you listen to the song start to finish , that you can tell that it 's me , " she said . "  lt 's about letting go of maybe something that 's not right for you . But you just do n't know how to make that final move and let go of it . Like it 's not easy , it 's something that you have to learn how to do , and I think we 're all still learning . " "  The Art of Letting Go " will be released on Carey 's Facebook page . CNN 's Nischelle Turner and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Mariah Carey is releasing a new song on November 11 She says "  The Art of Letting Go " takes her back to her roots Carey : I relate to this song on every level
CNN  -- The 1970s were the first full decade after civil rights legislation all but obliterated racial segregation in the United States . And it was in large part because of this great sea change that a bright , bold flowering of African-American popular culture affecting music , movies , fashion , television , sports and literature burst forth , its impact resonating with a breadth and force that had never been witnessed before -- or seen since . Don Cornelius , who was found dead Wednesday , at age 75 , in his Los Angeles home , was one of the significant figures of this transformative era . As the creator and longtime host of the TV music-and-dance show , "  Soul Train , " Cornelius took an established broadcast genre of dancing teenagers , hit records and live performances by pop stars and infused it with assertively African-American style and attitude so electrifying that its appeal crossed racial , ethnic and even generational lines . As filmmaker Melvin Van Peebles helped set off the black-movie boom with 1971 's "  Sweet Sweetback 's Baadasssss Song " ; as Richard Pryor 's ribald , so-real-it 's - surreal stand-up comedy hit its stride by mid-decade ; as Alex Haley 's 1976 epic family saga "  Roots " became the keystone to a nationwide phenomenon whose culminating TV miniseries is still talked about 35 years later , so did Cornelius establish , through "  Soul Train , " a crucial gauge for pop music 's ebb and flow that no one in the entertainment business could ignore . The elite of late-20th century black pop musicians , from Aretha Franklin , Smokey Robinson , James Brown , Teddy Pendergrass , Marvin Gaye , Al Green , Diana Ross and Gladys Knight , to the Jackson Five , O'Jays , Spinners , Gap Band and Commodores took live turns on the "  Train " -- and frequently delivered some of their more potent televised performances . Eventually , white artists such as Elton John , David Bowie , Sting and Robert Palmer played on the "  Soul Train " stage . Though he wisely never made himself more conspicuous than the music or the dancers , Cornelius ' buttery smooth baritone , colorful attire -- though relatively understated when compared to the dancers ' flashy duds -- and avuncular presence provided an anchor for the show 's dazzling grooves and slick moves . He also became something of a star himself , making appearances at live concerts and political gatherings looking to share some of the youthful energy he presided over as host from 1970 to 1993 . Other TV shows may have had live acts . But if you wanted to know how to move your body to funk , disco and soul music , "  Soul Train " provided the first and best lesson for much of its long and legendary run . Fred Astaire , in a "  60 Minutes " interview , said he was a "  Soul Train " fan . One imagines the great man studying and perhaps even attempting many of those moves . If you were a true dance aficionado , you waited every week for the " ` Soul Train line " in which improbably limber young couples enacted breathtaking inventories of what would become known as "  breaking " and "  popping . " Before he became an innovator , the Chicago-born Cornelius sold insurance for Golden State Mutual Life for $ 250 a week . In 1966 , he decided to change his destiny , and reduce his salary by $ 200 , to work as a substitute disc jockey , news reader and interviewer at WVON radio . Within two years , he had acquired enough facility as a broadcaster to secure an on-camera job as sports anchor on Chicago 's WCIU-TV show , "  A Black 's View of the News . " With his own money , Cornelius produced a pilot episode of an all-black version of Dick Clark 's venerable "  American Bandstand " to be telecast on WCIU . He had trouble interesting sponsors until the locally based Sears Roebuck & Co. expressed interest , believing the show could boost its record sales . The program , dubbed "  Soul Train , " debuted in 1970 , achieving such formidable ratings among the city 's black community that it was nationally syndicated the next year . Cornelius not only served as "  Soul Train 's " host , but was also responsible for drumming up advertisers and seeking more stations nationwide . Some of these advertisers were black-oriented companies such as Johnson Products Co. , the beauty specialists behind Afro-Sheen hair spray . By mid-decade , "  Soul Train " had powered its way to more than 100 markets . By the time it ceased production in 2006 , after a series of guest hosts , "  Soul Train " had become one of the longest running syndicated television programs in history . One wonders whether it 's possible in this digitized age to build a cultural phenomenon from the ground up as Cornelius did . If so , his example of chutzpah and daring will serve as the template for future dreamers and cultural mavens to follow . That , along with the blend he suavely , fervently prescribed to his audiences week after week at the end of each "  Train " : "  Love ! Peace ! And -- all together now -- Soul ! " Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour says in 1970s , black culture burst forth in fashion , music , dance He says Don Cornelius contributed singular dance show with cross-cultural appeal He says the elite of black pop music performed ; Soul Train showed teens how to dance Seymour : Cornelius was self-made impresario , innovator who built cultural phoneomenon
CNN  -- Presidential candidate Rick Santorum is unhappy with last week 's compromise over whether Catholic institutions should be required to cover contraception for their employees , arguing that birth control "  should n't be covered by insurance at all . " The issue , Santorum claims , is "  economic liberty . " But in the past , he has made his real objection clear , categorizing contraception as "  a license to do things in a sexual realm that is counter to how things are supposed to be . " Taken with statements Santorum made in his 2005 book , "  It Takes a Family : Conservatism and the Common Good , " his opposition to contraception  as well as to abortion , even in the case of rape  seems part and parcel of a deep hostility toward efforts to empower women and enhance their status . He has shown nothing but contempt for what his book called the "  radical " feminist "  pitch " that "  men and women be given an equal opportunity to make it to the top in the workplace . " So perhaps it 's not surprising that at the time of publication he did not list his wife as a co-author or contributor , although when asked last week about this and other comments on working mothers , he now says his wife wrote that part of the book . Whichever member of the couple wrote the section on women , it is worth revisiting a couple of its points . Take the book 's dismissal of programs to help impoverished single mothers improve their job prospects by returning to school : "  The notion that college education is a cost-effective way to help poor , low-skill , unmarried mothers with high school diplomas or GEDs move up the economic ladder is just wrong . " Or its claim that unnamed "  surveys " have shown that educated professional women find it "  easier , more ` professionally ' gratifying , and certainly more socially affirming , to work outside the home than to give up their careers to take care of their children . " The Santorums ' apparent hostility to women 's educational and professional advancement is insulting and out of touch with today 's world . But it is also odd in light of their purported interest in the welfare of children . It turns out that the most powerful single influence on a child 's educational success is not the mother 's marital status but her own level of education and her educational aspirations for her children , according to education researcher W. Norton Grubb . Having more education is one of the biggest predictors of women having careers . But it 's also one of the biggest predictors of women  and their husbands  doing more child care , according to a forthcoming paper by Paula England , a New York University sociologist and research fellow at the Council on Contemporary Families , and her collaborator , Anjula Srivastava . Educated mothers are much more likely to work outside the home and to return to work within a year after the birth of a child . They also tend to have fewer children than their less educated counterparts . Yet on average , they spend more time in direct interaction with their kids than less educated women . Well-educated fathers also spend more time in child care than less-educated dads . But , interestingly , the amount of child care a man does is more directly influenced by his wife 's educational level than his own . On average , having a wife with a college degree raises a man 's participation in child care by 3Â 1/2 hours per week . Educated parents find more time to spend with their children by reducing time dedicated to home-based activities that involve little interaction with children . They spend less time on sleep and personal grooming , less time doing housework and less time watching television than their less-educated counterparts , regardless of their employment status . This is hardly evidence that they do not find child care gratifying . No single choice about how to organize work and family life is right or possible -- for every family . And every choice has tradeoffs . Sometimes , having a mom stay home is a big help . On the other hand , when a mother works outside the home , her husband generally does more child care and has higher parental knowledge about his childrens ' friends , routines and needs , cutting across the tendency for fathers to be second-string parents at home . Every family must make its own , sometimes difficult , decisions about what best fits their particular needs and preferences . We do n't need politicians like Rick Santorum -- or , as he now somewhat unchivalrously claims , his wife -- making those decisions more painful by suggesting that women who choose to pursue careers are worse mothers than those who do not . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Coontz .	Stephanie Coontz : Santorum against contraception , says it 's not how things "  supposed to be " She says in writings and statements he 's been hostile toward empowering women She says it 's out of touch with world but also counter to his avowed concern for children Coontz : Educated moms take more , better time with kids ; husbands do , too
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Pyongyang has agreed to South Korea 's offer for working-level talks on reopening the suspended joint industrial complex at Kaesong , the South Korean Unification Ministry said . The talks are scheduled to be held at 10 a.m. Saturday  9 p.m. Friday ET  at Tongilgak , an administrative building on the North Korean side of the neutral border village of Panmunjom . Kaesong , which is a bellwether of North-South ties , was closed this spring -- a casualty of increasing tensions between the two Koreas after the North warned that war could erupt . Each side will have three-member delegations , South Korea 's Yonhap News Agency said , citing the Seoul government . "  The agreement came after North Korea , revising its earlier stance , did not insist that South Korean businessmen should be allowed to visit their plants in Kaesong at the same time or ahead of the government contact , " Yonhap reported . "  South Korea maintained that government contact should precede any visit to Kaesong by South Korean businessmen . " The North wanted the talks to be held at Kaesong and with South Korean businessmen permitted to accompany the delegation , proposals the South rejected . Seoul 's proposal for talks came a day after North Korea invited businessmen from South Korean companies to return to the zone to check on their facilities and equipment . The talks "  were in consideration of the damages to the companies operating in Kaesong after three months of suspension and the beginning of monsoon season , " Kim Hyung-suk , South Korea 's Unification Ministry spokesman , said in a briefing . "  The Kaesong issue can only be resolved through dialogue by government authorities . " The operation was completely shut down in May when the last remaining South Korean workers left the facilities , but work had been winding down for about a month amid heightened tensions . In April , North Korea restricted South Korean workers ' access to the zone . Workers had to leave when supplies such as food , water and raw materials were cut off . The North-South tensions seemed to be easing somewhat after Pyongyang agreed to high-level talks with the South in June . Those talks were called off at the eleventh hour after disagreements over the level of the delegates who would represent each side . On Wednesday , North Korea also restored the Panmunjom communication hotline with the South , which had been cut off repeatedly over the past four months . "  North Korea is probably feeling an unprecedented level of diplomatic isolation with pressures coming from the international community . It is also fully aware of the value of the Kaesong Industrial Complex , which provides a considerable amount of hard foreign currency , " said Kim Tae-woo , former president of the Korea Institute for National Unification . "  But stirring tensions , then going back to dialogue , is part of North Korea 's usual tactics . We do n't need to attach too much weight to this easing of tension , " he added . North Korea already had barred South Korean workers from entering the complex before May . In 2008 , access was restricted after a human rights group distributed propaganda leaflets via balloon into North Korea . South Korean workers were blocked again in 2009 during an annual U.S.-South Korean military drill . Some $ 2 billion worth of goods have been produced in Kaesong between initial operations in 2005 and the end of 2012 , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry . The average wage for North Korean workers in Kaesong Industrial Complex is $ 134 per month , according to the South Korean ministry . North Korean authorities take about 45 % of their wages for various taxes . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Talks set to be held at building on North Korean side of neutral border village Joint industrial complex at Kaesong closed in May amid increasing tensions Some $ 2 billion worth of goods have been produced in Kaesong since operations began in 2005
London  CNN  -- Two works by British artist Damien Hirst worth $ 54,000 have been stolen from a London gallery . The pieces -- prints of colored spots , signed by Hirst -- were taken from the Exhibitionist Gallery in Notting Hill in the early hours of Monday morning . Detective Sergeant Jon Lightfoot , of London 's Metropolitan Police , said the thief appeared to have "  specifically targeted " the stolen works . Other pieces hanging in the gallery were left untouched . The suspect broke in by forcing open the front doors , before taking "  Oleoylsarcosine " and "  Pyronin Y " off the wall and driving away with them in a dark-colored hatchback . "  The items would have been visible in the back of the car and we are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to please come forward , " Lightfoot said in a statement . "  Oleoylsarcosine " was created in 2008 ; it measures 67cm by 89 cm and is worth $ 29,480  # 18,000  . "  Pyronin Y " , which dates from 2005 , measures 103cm by 116cm , and is worth $ 24,565  # 15,000  . Both pictures are part of Hirst 's extensive series of spot paintings , rows of randomly-colored dots on a white background , the majority of which are painted by Hirst 's assistants , under his direction . Hirst , 48 , rose to fame in the 1990s as one of the Young British Artists  or YBAs  , along with Tracey Emin , Sarah Lucas , Gary Hume and Jake and Dinos Chapman . The group , many of whose members met while studying at London 's Goldsmiths university , was championed by art collector Charles Saatchi .	Two signed works by British artist Damien Hirst stolen from gallery in London Spot pictures , entitled "  Pyronin Y " and "  Oleoylsarcosine " , together worth $ 54,000 Thief forced open the doors of Exhibitionist Gallery in the middle of the night
Edinburgh , Scotland  CNN  -- Let 's not pretend Queen Elizabeth does n't have opinions . She 's human and must have strong views on the potential break-up of the United Kingdom , which she represents . What matters is whether she expresses those views in public , which would compromise her constitutional role to remain impartial , and could undermine the position of the monarchy . The Queen has managed to "  stay above politics " for more than 60 years -- and with Scotland voting on independence Thursday she 's not about to upset things now . The closest Elizabeth II has come to commenting on the referendum was something she said to a well-wisher outside a Scottish church on Sunday , that she hopes people "  think very carefully about the future . " This is a rare moment of candor for someone who 's well aware that anything she says to a member of the public has the potential to be picked up by reporters , who she also knows have the referendum at the forefront of their minds . This came amid UK newspaper reports that the Queen felt a great deal of concern over independence . Her grandson , Prince William , also appeared to step into the debate , according to some newspapers , when he was asked about his wife 's second pregnancy on the day it was announced . Of course , he said , the couple were thrilled -- but then he added : "  It 's important that we focus on the big news , the big international and domestic thing going on at the moment . " That comment was seen by parts of the UK media as a reference to the Scottish referendum . So what 's the official line ? A palace spokeswoman told me : "  Any suggestion that the Queen would wish to influence the outcome of the current referendum campaign is categorically wrong . Her Majesty is firmly of the view that this is a matter for the people of Scotland . " The Queen has come under pressure from some politicians to step into the debate but that idea was given short shrift . "  The Queen is above politics and those in political office have a duty to ensure that this remains the case , " said the spokeswoman . One of the Queen 's great achievements has been to retain cross-party support in parliament throughout her reign  remember , she came to the throne in 1952  . She 's done this by refusing to take sides , in public at least . Due to her popularity , she could sway opinion but royalty is about the long game . If she involves herself in policy then she risks alienating people and parliamentarians who could ultimately de-throne her and bring in a president . The Queen 's role in Scotland is n't actually at any immediate risk . The frontman of the pro-independence campaign , Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond , says he looks forward to the Queen remaining as "  Queen of Scots " in an independent Scotland . That does n't , however , do justice to the historic significance of the moment . The United Kingdom was born out of the merger of the English and Scottish royal families more than 400 years ago , which in turn led to the Treaty of Union of 1707 and the joining of parliaments . This new country went on to build an empire that spanned the globe , at various points taking in the United States , India , Australia , Canada and much of Africa . The managed decline of the empire after World War II is held up as one of Queen Elizabeth 's great achievements . As territories broke away , she helped rebrand a Commonwealth of independent nations . But bringing Scotland into that fold has an entirely different significance . Scotland is n't some breakaway outpost of the British Empire ; it 's home turf which has remained uncontested since the Renaissance . Breaking up the United Kingdom now would prompt an identity crisis for Queen and country . Factor in that her mother was Scottish and it 's intrinsically personal too . The last time Elizabeth II touched publicly on this idea was in 1977 during a speech to mark her Silver Jubilee . At the time , Scotland and Wales were voting on forming national assemblies . She said : "  I can not forget that I was crowned Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland . Perhaps this Jubilee is a time to remind ourselves of the benefits which union has conferred , at home and in our international dealings , on the inhabitants of all parts of the United Kingdom . " Empires may come and go , but the Queen 's facing the break-up of her home country . It 's personal and professional for her .	Scotland votes this week on whether to become an independent country Foster : The Queen has been careful not to become involved in the debate The UK resulted from a merger of the English and Scottish royal families 400 years ago The Queen 's role in Scotland is n't actually at any immediate risk , says Foster
CNN  -- Fernando Llorente 's dramatic last minute goal sealed an all-Spanish Europa League final as Athletic Bilbao booked a clash with Atletico Madrid in Bucharest . The forward 's late strike finally settled a pulsating tie against Portugal 's Sporting Lisbon ensuring Bilbao triumphed 3-1 on the night and 4-3 on aggregate . The Basque side will face Atletico Madrid in the final on May 9 after their fellow Spanish team won 1-0 away at Valencia to record an impressive 5-2 aggregate victory . Trailing 2-1 from the first leg in Portugal , Bilbao leveled the tie when Markel Susaeta fired into the net after Llorente had chested a cross into his path . Just before halftime Sporting 's Dutch striker Ricky van Wolfswinkel smashed a low shot into the net to edge the away side in front once again . But a minute later Ibai Gomez locked the tie at 3-3 on aggregate and 2-1 on the night after he converted following a glorious piece of skill from Llorente , who beat a man before flicking the ball into his teammate 's path . Both sides hit the woodwork in the second half , Llorente with a header and Emiliano Insua with a vicious long range strike , but the game looked destined for extra time . That was until the final minute of normal time when Gomez turned inside the area and crossed for star man Llorente to poke home at the near post and send the San Mames stadium into raptures . In the other semifinal , Valencia came charging out of the blocks , determined to reverse Atletico 's 4-2 advantage from the first leg but striker Roberto Soldado wasted two clear cut chances . The decisive blow was struck on the hour mark as Adrian Lopez took down a long pass on his chest before thumping a fierce volley into the net . With the tie all but wrapped up , a moment of madness from Atletico 's Portuguese midfielder Thiago cost him a place in the final after an extraordinary melee on the field . Thinking Thiago had handled a cross the referee pointed to the penalty spot , but replays showed it was a Valencia forward who had made contact with the ball . As players from both sides argued with the referee , Thiago slapped Soldado and then trod on Jordi Alba 's foot , earning him a red card and a suspension for the final . After consultation with his assistants , the referee then reversed his penalty decision and awarded a free kick to Atletico . The Europa League final will be held in the Romanian capital Bucharest on May 9 .	Europa League final to be all-Spanish clash between Athletic Bilbao and Atletico Madrid Fernando Llorente 's late goal helps Bilbao beat Sporting Lisbon 4-3 on aggregate Atletico win 1-0 away at Valencia thanks to Adrian 's goal to seal a 5-2 aggregate win The final will be held in Romania 's capital Bucharest on May 9
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Petrol bombs , smoke canisters and hurled bricks have injured dozens of police during weeks of violence in Northern Ireland , officials said Sunday . At least 52 officers have been wounded since pro-British protests erupted in the Northern Ireland city of Belfast last month , police said . Authorities have arrested 70 people in connection with the violence . Tensions have been high since City Council members there voted a month ago to stop flying the Union Jack flag year-round , restricting it instead to certain days . Politicians , clergy and community leaders were meeting Sunday afternoon to discuss ways of ending the unrest . The meeting came a day after the Police Service of Northern Ireland said its officers deployed water cannons and fired plastic bullets Saturday night at a crowd of more than 100 demonstrators who were hurling fireworks and bricks at them . On Friday night , more than 30 petrol bombs were thrown at officers during serious disorder in the same part of the city . Officers were also pelted with ball bearings , fireworks and masonry , police said . Another officer was hurt Friday in the Newtownabbey area , police said , where bottles and bricks were thrown at police in the course of a protest lasting several hours . Northern Ireland 's political leaders have called for an end to the pro-British protests , which were prompted by the vote to limit display of the union flag of the United Kingdom . The disorder follows a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police officers hurt . The recent violence follows more than a decade during which Northern Ireland has made steady progress toward lasting peace and stability . On Sunday , the Police Service of Northern Ireland said officers were prepared for more violence . "  You may be assured there will be sufficient resources in the event of more disorder for however long is necessary , " Chief Constable Matt Baggott said in a statement . "  The police service will continue to do everything possible to maintain law and order and we will deal firmly with outbreaks of violence . " More : Policewoman targeted as tensions rise More : Police -- Loyalist paramilitaries behind violence	Politicians , clergy and community leaders meet to discuss ways to end the violence Police say 52 officers have been wounded in weeks of violence Protesters pelted officers with petrol bombs , fireworks and bricks , police say Protests have rocked parts of Northern Ireland since a vote on the union flag
"  Do the Republican and Democratic parties do an adequate job of representing the American people , or do they do such a poor job that a third major party is required ? " A record 60 % of Americans now yearn for a third major party , according to Gallup . Independents , unsurprisingly , are most likely to favor a third party , but a majority of self-described Republicans say yes , too . But what do they mean by that "  yes " ? Obviously , they mean many different things . Some yearn for a third party representing the Michael Bloomberg center : fiscally conservative and socially liberal like the New York City mayor . But here 's a caution about third parties in American history : They are much more likely to arise on the fringes of the political system , not the center . America has seen third-party efforts by socialists and segregationists ; by right-to-lifers and libertarians . This is why you now hear so much "  third party " talk coming from tea party Republicans rather than  as you might expect  the party 's subordinated pragmatists . The sensible center is much more likely to exert itself inside existing parties , as Dwight Eisenhower did for Republicans in the 1950s and as Bill Clinton did for the Democrats in the 1990s . Pragmatists want to change the GOP so that it can win elections and govern effectively . Tea party Republicans prefer to express their principles regardless of consequences , which is why the Pew survey in September found that 71 % of them favored a government shutdown even though nearly 40 % of them expected that shutdown to have a "  major " impact on the economy . Third-party threats frighten Republican leaders . They remember that Ross Perot 's independent challenge badly hurt George H.W. Bush 's re-election campaign in 1992 . Canadian conservatives were locked out of power for nearly 15 years by a party split in the 1990s . British Conservatives fear that a rise in support for the United Kingdom Independence Party could drain support from Britain 's Conservative-Liberal governing coalition . Yet politics is a complicated business , and it 's not always true that a party is weakened by the departure of its most extreme supporters . Consider , for example , the case of the Democratic Party in the election of 1948 . That year , the Democrats faced two groups that bolted . To protest President Harry Truman 's turn to support civil rights , southern Democrats coalesced as a "  States ' Rights " party and nominated South Carolina Gov. Strom Thurmond for president . Left-liberal Democrats angered by Truman 's tough Cold War foreign policy created an "  American Labor " party and nominated former vice president Henry Wallace . Together , Thurmond and Wallace took almost 5 % of the vote in 1948 . Thurmond carried four Deep South states and 7 % of the Electoral College . Yet Truman survived . In fact , there 's a reasonable argument that Truman was actually helped by these third - and fourth-party challenges . In 1948 , African-Americans remained very much a swing constituency . Hundreds of thousands of black Americans had moved north and gained voting rights in the 30 years between 1917 and 1948 . As a group , they tended to prefer the New Deal policies of the Democratic Party , but they deeply distrusted that party 's Southern white supremacist wing . Truman was a card-carrying member of the Sons of Confederate Veterans who had adopted the civil rights cause late in his career . Could he really be trusted ? Truman 's willingness to face down Thurmond convinced many Northern blacks that he could be . He carried an estimated 77 % of the black vote in the North , and those votes provided the margin of victory in the three crucial states of California , Illinois and Ohio . Those three states provided 73 electoral votes in total , and they were each won by Truman with a margin of less than 1 % . Meanwhile , the Wallace challenge helped Truman with more conservative voters . Truman had initiated the Marshall Plan and the Berlin Airlift , yet some questioned whether the Democrats were tough enough on communism -- an important question among voters of eastern European origin in states like Wisconsin and Michigan . With Wallace vehemently denouncing Truman as too tough on the Soviet Union -- sometimes in speeches that echoed the editorials of the newspaper of the American Communist Party -- Truman gained the same kind of political cover on his right flank that Thurmond had provided him on his left . The result , everybody knows . Right now , tea party extremism contaminates the whole Republican brand . It 's a very interesting question whether a tea party bolt from the GOP might not just liberate the party to slide back to the political center -- and liberate Republicans from identification with the Sarah Palins and the Ted Cruzes who have done so much harm to their hopes over the past three election cycles . It 's worth repeating over and over again . Add Todd Akin in Missouri and Richard Mourdock in Indiana , Sharron Angle in Nevada and Ken Buck in Colorado , Christine O'Donnell in Delaware and Joe Miller in Alaska -- and you have half a dozen Senate races lost to the GOP by extremist nominations . Maybe the right answer to the threat , "  Shut down the government or we quit " is : "  So sad you feel that way . Do n't let the door hit you on the way out . "	David Frum : Tea party extremism contaminates the Republican brand He cites a Gallup poll saying that 60 % of Americans favor creation of a third party Most of the time , third parties are formed by the extreme wings of the parties , he says Frum : If the tea party bolts the GOP , it would be a positive sign for Republicans
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A federal judge on Thursday threw out an author 's claims that Jessica Seinfeld , the comedian 's wife , plagiarized from her cookbook , but the judge left open claims of defamation against Jerry Seinfeld himself . Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld attend an event in New York City in June . "  This is a complete victory for Jessica Seinfeld , " said Orin Snyder , Seinfeld 's lawyer . Snyder said U.S. District Court Judge Laura Taylor Swain dismissed all claims brought against Jessica Seinfeld 's cookbook , "  Deceptively Delicious : Simple Secrets to Get Your Kids Eating Good Food . " In the lawsuit , filed in 2007 , author Missy Chase Lapine accused Jessica Seinfeld of taking ideas from Lapine 's cookbook "  The Sneaky Chef : Simple Strategies for Hiding Healthy Foods in Kids ' Favorite Meals . " Lapine 's cookbook was published in April 2007 , six months before Seinfeld 's book . "  The court categorically rejected the claim that ` Deceptively Delicious ' infringed the copyright and trademark of the plaintiff 's book , " Snyder said . "  The federal judge ruled that ` no reasonable fact finder could conclude ' that copying occurred here given that the works are ` very different ' and that Jessica 's book ` has a completely different feel . ' " But Lapine 's lawyer , Howard B. Miller , said his client may appeal the dismissal of her copyright and trademark claims , and will refile in state court claims against Jerry Seinfeld . Lapine 's defamation claims against the comedian refer to a comment he made on the "  Late Show with David Letterman " in 2007 , when he compared the fact that Lapine uses three names to the fact that assassins sometimes use three names , as was the case with Lee Harvey Oswald . "  The claims against Jerry Seinfeld for defamation are still fully alive , " Miller said . "  He just says he is joking ; we do n't think calling someone an assassin and a wacko is a joke . " "  I 'm up against a very powerful opponent , " Lapine said in a telephone interview from her home in Westchester County , New York . "  Justice is not always served . " Lapine , a 45-year-old mother of two , said she has gone on to publish two other books , all in the "  Sneaky Chef " series .	Cookbook writer alleged that Jessica Seinfeld plagiarized All claims against Jessica Seinfeld dismissed by federal judge , lawyer says Judge leaves open claims of defamation against Seinfeld 's husband , Jerry Defamation claims relate to comments Jerry Seinfeld made about author
"  When the Ebola outbreak started , it was very terrifying for everybody , " recalls Michael Chu ` no Ike from Nsukka in Nigeria 's Enugu State . "  People were afraid it could be transmitted by air and started believing all sorts of rumors about how to boost their immunity . " The virus has killed over 5,100 people worldwide , eight of which have been in Nigeria . While his home country has been declared Ebola free , Ike is creating a voice messaging system to raise awareness about the killer disease in the worst effected countries : Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . "  Over 70 % of people in West Africa live in rural and semi-urban areas , " explains Ike , founder of the HaltEbola mobile service . "  These groups usually do not have access to internet but they have good mobile phone coverage . Therefore , we saw the effectiveness in using the oldest means of communication -- voice -- to reach people . " Ike 's vision is to reach people who are afraid to call authorities and ask for help -- the plan is that citizens will receive a call from HaltEbola , but instead of getting advice from a foreign doctor , they will hear a recorded message from local celebrities . "  We have connected with George Weah , the retired Liberian footballer , and we hope to get him involved soon , " Ike explains . "  People can listen to community leaders more than doctors , " he claims . "  That 's the reality , and to tackle this disease , we need to confront the reality . " The HaltEbola concept impressed judges on the West African Venture Bus , a mobile initiative that travels across Africa connecting entrepreneurs with investors . Ike and his team won the first prize -- particularly fitting given that the competition was nearly scrapped because of fears of contestants contracting Ebola . Communications is key Ike 's messaging platform is , however , just one of the many homegrown initiatives developed and rolled out across West Africa to raise awareness and prevent the spread of Ebola -- from mobile apps and education campaigns to catchy songs and multi-million dollar private donations , Africans are at the forefront of the war against the virus . In Senegal , the ministry of health adapted a novel public health messaging platform designed to educate people about diabetes after the confirmation of the country first 's and only case of Ebola . As a result , four million SMS messages were sent to the public warning of the dangers of the disease . And it worked -- the virus was stopped in its tracks and the World Health Organisation pointed to effective communications when explaining why Senegal succeeded in stamping out Ebola . And in Nigeria a system called UReport has been praised for de-bunking myths about Ebola . Developed by UNICEF , the technology allows citizens to ask questions and get replies in real-time . The added feature is that users can re-broadcast those answers to friends and relatives via SMS . According to Aboubacar Kampo , UNICEF Nigeria 's chief of health , the free tool saw the number of subscribers double within first 24 hours of the Ebola outbreak , because of the accuracy of information available on the platform . It was partly due to experts commenting on UReport that citizens started rejecting advice that salt water can protect against the virus -- a hoax which lead to the deaths of at least two people . In Liberia , a text-message system aimed at health workers on the frontline is also gaining traction . Launched by the country 's ministry of health and UNICEF , mHero  Mobile Health Worker Ebola Response and Outreach  connects the ministry and health workers in real time by broadcasting messages about care and prevention . The platform also lets health workers know when their hazard pay is available as well as the status of dead bodies in communities . "  Liberians themselves have been at the frontlines of the fight against Ebola from the very beginning while the country waited for international support to materialize , " explains Saran Kaba Jones , founder of FACE Africa , a group working to improve access to clean water in rural parts of the country . "  The will is there , " she continues . "  People want to kick Ebola out of their communities , and ultimately they are the ones who are best positioned to do so . So we need to provide them with more resources like mHero . " Musical teaching Liberia , the hardest hit country in the Ebola outbreak , has also gone on to implement more creative education campaigns . Health officials have teamed up with local musicians to create a catchy way of highlighting the risks of Ebola in a country where roughly half of the population is under 18 . Over the thumping techno beat , the chorus runs : "  Ebola is real , it 's time to protect yourself , Ebola is real , protect your family ... " And before Bob Geldof announced a new version of the charity single "  Do They Know It 's Christmas ? " focused on Ebola , famous African musicians including Tiken Jah Fakoly and Amadou & Mariam recorded a song to help raise awareness about the virus . "  Africa Stop Ebola " is performed in French and regional dialects , and the lyrics are a message about what citizens can do to stop Ebola spreading . Pan-African fund Funding is key for the growth of messaging platforms and mass public health programs . African business leaders from sectors including banking and mining came together recently , and committed $ 28.5 million and logistical support at a meeting in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa . The fund , which will be managed by the African Development Bank -- which has provided over $ 220 million in support -- and overseen by the African Union , will be used to support doctors , nurses and lab technicians . "  The funding is part of a long-term roadmap for the post-outbreak reconstruction of the affected countries , " explains Harvard Kennedy School Professor Calestous Juma who attended the talks . "  What I saw at the roundtable was a strong sense of collective responsibility and focus on getting the job done . " This pledge may be the largest to date from Africa 's private-sector , but it is not the first . In October , Patrice Motsepe founder of African Rainbow Minerals  ARM  and South Africa 's first black billionaire , donated $ 1 million to the Ebola Fund in Guinea . Spotlight on Africa Despite these cash injections , Ugandan-born social entrepreneur Tms Ruge says support for for local initiatives remains thin . "  Very little of Africa 's front line efforts to stop the spread of Ebola is visible in Western Media and as a result , very little material support is going to these organizations , " he wrote in a recent blog post . It is for this reason he formed the Africa Responds website to promote the work of four community organizations working on the ground in Liberia -- THINK , HOPE , FACE Africa and Africare . "  We , as Africans , have to break the mentality that responding to crises on our continent is the mandate of the international community , " wrote Ruge . "  It will be Africans themselves who win this war on the ground . "	The deadly Ebola virus has killed over 5,100 people worldwide during this outbreak African business leaders have committed $ 28 million and logistical support to fight the virus Voice-messaging systems are being developed to educate people in their local language about how to avoid infection Music is being used as a means to spread the message about Ebola
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Al Qaeda operatives are leaving the battle zones along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border and heading for Somalia and Yemen , where they have set up training camps , according to U.S. intelligence officials . Somalian President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed has been targeted by al Qaeda . The officials believe that al Qaeda may see the Horn of Africa as its new headquarters after dozens of attacks from U.S. drones along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . The officials could not be named because of the sensitive nature of the information . However , CIA Director Leon Panetta said the intelligence agency is keeping tabs the region as a possible destination for fleeing al Qaeda operatives . "  Our concern right now is that likely safe havens are areas in the Horn of Africa , like Somalia and Yemen , that are countries that because of their political status can be attractive to al Qaeda in order to operate there , " Panetta said Thursday . "  We are focusing on those countries as well in order to ensure that there is no safe haven for al Qaeda as we continue to pressure them , continue to push them and hopefully continue to make the effort to destroy them , not only in Pakistan but throughout the rest of the world . " Residents and journalists in Mogadishu , Somalia 's capital city , have reported seeing foreign fighters among Al-Shabaab , the radical Islamic militia that is battling to overthrow the weak transitional government . Those foreign fighters have recently distributed recorded messages from al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden calling for the overthrow of President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed 's government . Al-Shabaab is blamed for a surge of violence in Somalia as insurgents fight the government to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . The rebel group has said it has recruited many fighters in its battle . Al-Shabaab , also known as the Mujahedeen Youth Movement , was officially designated as a terrorist organization by the U.S. government in March 2008 . Somalia is not new territory for the militant organization , CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen said . "  Al Qaeda was running training camps in Somalia in the early and mid-1990s , " he said . "  If this is now coming back , this is something that al Qaeda has already done , and it 's worrisome for the future . "  The fact that we 're seeing evidence of this already happening in both Yemen and Somalia suggests that , A , the drone program in the tribal areas of Pakistan has been effective , but , B , you know it 's pushing al Qaeda into areas where they 'll build up larger operations . " CNN 's Barbara Starr and journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Militants leaving Afghanistan-Pakistan border , intelligence officials say It 's signal that U.S. drone attacks are having an effect , they say Somalians report seeing foreign fighters among Al-Shabaab militia
CNN  -- Manchester United may face a new challenge on the field next season without Alex Ferguson but the English Premier League giant appears to have no domestic equals commercially with its ever expanding list of global sponsors . United , which won its 20th league title last year , announced a deal with Thai telecommunications group True Corporation Plc Monday -- taking its number of sponsors close to 40 . According to a press release issued by the club , around 70 million people in Thailand watched United 's games in the first seven months of last season , though the club did not disclose how much the new sponsorship deal was worth . True Group becomes United 's official mobile partner and club broadcaster for Thailand -- the latest in a whole host of deals carried out by the Red Devils . "  When considering our partners , the club likes to ensure the company in question shares many of the same attributes that have allowed us to grow into the world 's most recognized team , " United group managing director Richard Arnold told the club 's official website . "  True is a company that demonstrated many admirable qualities , itself crediting courage and the ability to take on new challenges as the key to its success . "  Since forming in 1990 it has continued to grow with the fast-paced telecommunications industry to become one of the best in its territory , proudly being the first to embrace many new technologies . "  Our new partnership is set to follow suit and provide our 20 million loyal and passionate Thai followers with exclusive content and footage , bringing them closer to the club they love . " In May , United reported a 52.2 % increase in sponsorship revenue following deals with a Japanese social gaming company and two financial services firms in Denmark and Vietnam . In April , United signed an eight-year deal with insurance company Aon -- a move which saw the firm sponsor the club 's Carrington training ground as well as its training kit for a reported $ 23 million . The Old Trafford club was placed in the New York Stock Exchange last August by its American owners , the Glazer family . Its revenues for the 2011/12 season increased by $ 21.6 million to $ 179 million -- placing it way ahead of its domestic rivals , despite an estimated gross debt of $ 560 million . Last year alone , United increased its value by 42 % to $ 3.17 billion , according to Forbes business magazine . According to a study recently commissioned by the club , United 's global fan base doubled to 659 million people between 2007 and 2012 with 325 million of those living in Asia . According to the Deloite Football Money League report for 2013 , only Real Madrid and Barcelona are worth more than United , while Chelsea is the nearest English challenger . United will travel to Asia next month for a tour of the Far East and Australia with its opening game in Bangkok against the Singha All Stars -- a contest for which True Group will act as an associate sponsor . Meanwhile new United manager David Moyes officially began work Monday after replacing Ferguson at the helm . Ferguson , who won over 30 trophies in 26 years at the club , retired last season after leading United to a 13th Premier League title . The Scot also won two European Cups , five FA Cups , four League Cups , one European Cup Winners ' Cup and one FIFA Club World Cup . Moyes , who has brought his own coaching staff from former club Everton , will work alongside assistant manager Steve Round , goalkeeping coach Chris Woods and first team coach Jimmy Lumsden . "  I have worked with Steve , Chris and Jimmy for a number of years and I am delighted they have decided to join me at this great club , " Moyes told United 's official website . "  They bring great qualities in their respective fields and I know that , like me , they feel that this is a challenge to relish . "  I have great faith that together , we can build upon the success this club has enjoyed over many years . " Moyes will welcome the players back to training later this week before the squad leave for Thailand on July 10 .	Manchester United signs ldeal with Thai telecommunications group True Corporation Club says round 70 million people in Thailand watched games last season New manager David Moyes officially started work Monday Moyes has brought in his assistants from old club Everton
CNN  -- A system that was pushing ferocious storm cells in a track from Mississippi to the mid-Atlantic states brought reports of tornado sightings and delays at several large airports on Wednesday . Tornadoes had been reported Wednesday in North Carolina , Virginia and Maryland , the National Weather Service said , though it had not yet confirmed the sightings . Tornado watches were in effect Wednesday afternoon in arc extending from Mississippi to New Jersey . A pair of apparent tornadoes had been spotted in eastern Virginia 's Hanover County on Wednesday night , dispatch supervisor Nancy Langley told CNN . Local authorities have not received reports of injuries or calls for rescue , but fire crews and EMS workers are combing the area for victims , she said . In northern North Carolina 's Orange County , an eyewitness saw a tornado damage a church and reported downed trees and power lines , the National Weather Service said . In Henrico County in southeastern Virginia , a dispatcher said that trees and power lines were felled Wednesday and that there was a widespread power outage . Flights heading into Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport were delayed an average of more than three hours , the Federal Aviation Administration said Wednesday evening . Planes into New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport were delayed an average of two hours and 39 minutes , according to the FAA . Similar and shorter delays also were reported at Chicago O'Hare International Airport ; Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport , New York 's LaGuardia Airport , Philadelphia International Airport , and Newark International Airport . The system , which spawned at least 26 possible tornadoes Tuesday , brought snow and high winds across the Midwest . Wind advisories were posted across the Upper Midwest and sections of the Ohio Valley . Winter storm warnings -- with the promise of snow -- were in effect in North Dakota and Minnesota . CNN iReporter Gretchen Pearl in Duluth , Minnesota , said the area was experiencing high winds , heavy snow and slick roads . "  It 's a very strong storm system that moved in , " Pearl said . "  It 's definitely been causing a major disruption . " Wednesday was a day of cleanup for many communities in North Carolina , Alabama , Tennessee , Indiana , Wisconsin and Illinois . In addition to the tornadoes , some places recorded wind gusts exceeding 70 mph . The National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center said there were 268 reports of wind damage Tuesday . High winds canceled hundreds of flights Tuesday -- more than 500 at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport alone -- along with dozens more in Minnesota . The Minneapolis-St . Paul airport reduced air traffic from three runways to one for landings and takeoffs Tuesday because of high winds . Extensive damage from the high winds , tornadoes and possible tornadoes was reported from New York and Wisconsin to the Gulf Coast , but it was most heavily concentrated in Indiana , Ohio and Kentucky . Six tornadoes were confirmed in Indiana , three in Ohio and one each in Virginia , Wisconsin and Kentucky . In Lincoln County , North Carolina , five homes were damaged and three destroyed by a possible tornado , spokesman Dion Burleson said late Tuesday . Eleven people were hurt -- one with life-threatening injuries . Storms brought down trees , which took power lines with them , knocking out electricity for hundreds of residents . Several cars were overturned in North Carolina 's Catawba County , according to the National Weather Service . Catawba emergency dispatch reported minor injuries , along with home damage . In Chattanooga , Tennessee , a possible tornado struck a fence near Chickamauga Dam and threw debris into a roadway , police said . Five people suffered injuries . Ten to 15 homes were damaged near the town of Geraldine in DeKalb County , Alabama , said Lauree Ashcom , spokeswoman for the Alabama Emergency Management Agency . A tornado smashed into a business in LaPorte County , Indiana . Dan Hill , general manager of Hoosier Machinery Solutions , heard a weather siren and went to check . He turned to another employee after spying an odd cloud formation outside the business door . " ` Does that look like a tornado ? ' I asked . As soon as I said that , it touched down . " The twister tore a roof off a pole barn , damaged some reconditioned recycling equipment and employees ' cars . No one was hurt . The 10 employees "  all ran for -LSB- heavy -RSB- equipment and got inside , " Hill said . . CNN 's Craig Bell , Phil Gast , Ed Payne , Scott Thompson , Maria White , Jamie Morrison and Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Tornadoes are suspected in North Carolina , Virginia and Maryland , but are n't confirmed Delays build at busy airports Tornado warnings and watches stretch from Mississippi to New Jersey The system spawned 26 possible tornadoes Tuesday ; 12 twisters are confirmed
CNN  -- In Syria , the Christians are angry . For eleven months , many of their leaders have stood firmly behind the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . However , Syria 's new constitution explicitly says in Article 3 that the president of the country has to be a Muslim , thereby barring Christians from the right to run for the top post . On Sunday , pro-government Syrians went to the polls to approve the new constitution . In protest of Article 3 , Christians voted with a "  no , " while the opposition movement boycotted the election altogether , saying that it was inconceivable for it to take place while the country is up in flames . Nevertheless , the new constitution passed . The controversial clause in Article 3 has been around for a long time , ever since Syria established its first constitution in 1920 . Both secular and Christian Syrians have over the years tried to amend the clause but to no avail . In 1973 , President Hafez al-Assad released a constitutional draft that omitted reference to Islam as the official religion of the state , which enraged conservative Muslims . Faced with pressure , Assad eventually restored Article 3 to its original form . But now , as Arab Spring sweeps across the Arab world , Syria needs to rethink its old ways . What the government should realize is that it 's bad politics to bar any religious group from running for presidency . If a Muslim Kurd from Qamishly has a possibility of running for the job , then why ca n't a Christian from Damascus ? Christians make up 12 % of the 23 million people in Syria . Even if a Christian has a right to run for president , it is unlikely that he will win since the majority of Syria 's population which is made of 75 % Sunni would never vote for a Christian . So , the Muslims should have nothing to fear and allow Christians the right to run for the office of the presidency . Moreover , Syrian Christians have until now been overwhelmingly supportive of the regime , fearing that if the regime collapses , then Islamist groups like the Muslim Brotherhood would rise to power and focus on marginalizing the Christians . The scenarios in Tunisia , Egypt , Libya , Iraq and Morocco have not been encouraging . While the older generation among the Christians is more or less rallied behind the government , the younger generation is less ideological and more forward-looking . The Western-educated , Internet-savvy Christians refuse to buy the argument that says : "  It 's either the Baathists , the Islamists , or chaos . " Like the young and ambitious Syrians in the broader population , they want to see a democratic transformation of the country and are confident that they will become an integral part of its future , regardless of who rises to power . The urban Christians , especially those in Damascus and Aleppo , often argue that they have been around long before the Muslims came along ; and as such , they are entitled to live , work and have the right to govern the country like their countrymen . Despite the efforts of Syrian Christians , there were heavy pressures for the government to include Article 3 in the new constitution . Given the rise of Islamic zeal throughout Syria , there is fear that the public would be outraged if Christians are allowed the right to run for president . Since violence erupted last March , the government has been trying hard to appease the religious clerics who have been very influential in the anti-Assad demonstrations . Many of the clerics , needless to say , are religious dictators . The regime has tried to win over the clerics by bending to their demands , like shutting down the Damascus casino or allowing the establishment of an Islamic TV channel -- Nour al-Sham -- that contradicts everything the secular Baathists had stood for since the mid-1960s . Article 3 , of course , is not the only problem with the new constitution . The power given to the presidency is enormous . Syria 's government still feels that it can keep a presidential term at 7 years , renewable only once , although oppositions have demanded that the term be set at five years , renewable only once . The new constitution also gives the president the right to name a prime minister rather than vesting that authority in parliament and the right to fire a cabinet unilaterally . It still keeps the executive and legislative branches as subordinate to the president and allows him to name the head of the Supreme Judicial Council  Supreme Court  . Although the flawed constitution is hailed as a great achievement by Syria 's state media , many Syrians have become disenchanted , to say the least . Eleven months into the uprisings , Syrians are weary and tired . No longer do they just want an end to the one-party rule -- they now wish for real democracy , where justice , accountability and the rule of law can bring order to public life . They want a constitution that gives Muslims and Christians equal access to all jobs , including the presidency . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sami Moubayed .	In Syria , a newly approved constitution says that only Muslims can be president Sami Moubayed : Despite their support for the regime , Christians ca n't run for president He says while the government is pressured to stipulate this rule , it 's bad politics Moubayed : Many Syrians want a constitution that treat Muslims and Christians fairly
CNN  -- It has been a good week for Barcelona 's Neymar . He netted a hat-trick against Celtic in the Champions League and got both goals Saturday as Barcelona -- still without Lionel Messi -- beat Villarreal 2-1 to move three points clear of idle Atletico Madrid and five clear of arch-rival Real Madrid in Spain . Neymar , who will be counted on by Brazil at next year 's World Cup on home soil , opened the scoring at the Camp Nou from the penalty spot in the 30th minute and tapped home the close-range winner in the 69th against the Yellow Submarine . He was teed up by Pedro , who latched on to Cesc Fabregas ' sumptuous chipped ball . Villarreal , promoted last season , stunned the locals when it leveled in the 48th minute through Mateo Musacchio 's header from a corner . Having clawed to within three points of Barcelona , Real Madrid earlier slipped up when it drew 2-2 at Osasuna . Yet it could have been worse for Los Blancos , who had defender Sergio Ramos sent off for two bookable offenses before halftime and trailed 2-0 . With blockbuster summer signing Gareth Bale substituted in the second half and Cristiano Ronaldo held in check -- he failed to score for the first time since the end of October -- Isco began the Real comeback in first-half injury time . Pepe headed home the equalizer in the 80th minute seconds after Francisco Silva 's red card for the host . "  The first 20 minutes were very good and it is incredible that we went 2-0 down and had 10 men , " Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti told reporters . "  We responded well but we suffered a lot . "  We were showing quality and rhythm and we lost control after the first goal but we did show character and the right attitude to battle back . " Atletico Madrid will move level on points with Barcelona if it beats Valencia at home Sunday . Bayern increases lead Bayern Munich 's 18-match winning streak at home ended in midweek when it was upset by Manchester City in the Champions League but Bayern bounced back by beating Hamburg 3-1 at the Allianz Arena on Saturday . Mario Mandzukic , Mario Gotze and Xherdan Shaqiri accounted for the Bayern goals , although manager Pep Guardiola was n't fully satisfied with the performance ahead of the Club World Cup in Morocco . "  The players had perhaps their holidays and Morocco in their heads , " said Guardiola . "  We had a few problems in the second half , like we did against Manchester . We simply gave away too many balls . We have good players , but we have to stop such things happening . " Bayern , which will conclude 2013 unbeaten in the Bundesliga , went seven points ahead of Bayer Leverkusen -- which plays fourth-last Frankfurt on Sunday -- and 12 ahead of Borussia Dortmund . A late goal against Marseille ensured Dortmund 's progress to the second round of the Champions League but challenging Bayern in Germany now looks unlikely after a 2-2 draw at Hoffenheim . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Lukasz Piszczek rescued a point for injury-hit Dortmund , which trailed 2-0 within 40 minutes . Nurnberg remains the lone side in the division without a victory after it blew a three-goal lead and drew 3-3 at Hannover 96 . In France , the big two of Paris Saint-Germain and Monaco both registered two-goal victories on the road -- over Rennes and Guingamp , respectively . Paris Saint-Germain leads Monaco by two points atop the table . Bayern 's semifinal opponent at the Club World Cup on Tuesday will be Asian champion Guangzhou Evergrande , which beat Egypt 's Al Ahly 2-0 . "  We will now play against one of the best teams in the world , " said Guangzhou manager Marcello Lippi . "  You can lose 99 times every 100 times you play them , but you could win one . You never know . "	Real Madrid rallies from two goals down to draw Osasuna 2-2 on the road But Madrid slips five points behind Barcelona , which later beat Villarreal Bayern Munich rebounds from a loss in the Champions League , downing Hamburg Borussia Dortmund dropped more points by only drawing Hoffenheim 2-2
Lisbon , Portugal  CNN  -- The most important NATO summit in its 61-year history -- according to NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen -- began Friday in Lisbon , Portugal . NATO was founded by the United States and 14 other nations after World War II . But it has grown to 28 members , and is now seeking to shed its Cold War identity by adopting a new "  strategic concept , " framing new threats the alliance faces and the means to combat them . But getting 28 nations on the same page about how to address a range of new evolving threats will not be easy . The document to be considered this weekend is the product of a set of recommendations from a group of experts led by former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright . The last strategic concept was drafted in 1999 . The new document reflects new realities for NATO and the world . The original NATO existed during the Cold War for the collective defense of 15 nations against Soviet aggression . U.S. Ambassador to NATO Ivo Daalder likes to call that NATO 1.0 . NATO 2.0 marked the period between the end of the Cold War and the present . This stretch saw NATO enter wars in Bosnia and Kosovo and embrace former Soviet republics in Eastern Europe that were looking West . At Lisbon , NATO hopes to move into what Daalder calls 3.0 status , meant for operating in a globalized world . NATO still has the core mandate to provide collective security for all its members , said Daalder , but now must address new threats to Europe 's security -- threats not as much from Russia , but from possible terrorist attacks , cyber attacks , attacks on energy infrastructure and piracy on the high seas . This new definition of what constitutes a threat calls into question the future of Article Five of the NATO charter , which considers an attack on one member an attack on all . For an alliance whose mantra is "  collective security , " the provision is the critical binding agent . Article Five was invoked for the first time after September 11 , 2001 , when all NATO members agreed the attack was a visible threat to the security of the entire alliance . But the definition of what constitutes a threat to all NATO allies is becoming less recognizable , say some experts . NATO 's makeover also expands its battlefield well beyond Europe . The mission in Afghanistan is the largest and most recent example . But NATO is also providing support to efforts to combat piracy in the Indian Ocean and there is serious talk that the alliance could send forces to the Middle East if the Israelis and Palestinians ever reach a peace deal . The expansion of NATO 's role into a global force , however , is somewhat at odds with the economic realities facing its members , more than half of which are cutting defense spending . NATO officials worry such a reluctance to invest in the alliance not only diminishes Europe 's ability to contribute , it also increases the likelihood of the United States going it alone . Kurt Volker , who served as NATO ambassador from 2008-2009 , said not all NATO members want to be the world 's policemen . "  In some ways , the United States and Europe are pulling in opposite directions , " Volker said . "  The United States sees problems and strategic issues outside the NATO area they want NATO to address and wants a more global NATO . But a lot of European countries still view NATO as about Europe and the European space . " At Lisbon , the United States wants NATO leaders to agree to plans for a missile defense shield to defend against ballistic missiles . The Bush administration plan to deploy a long-range anti-missile defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic angered Russia , which feared the goal was to undermine its nuclear deterrent . The Phased Adaptive Approach proposed by the Obama administration would deploy a continent-wide interceptor-missile system clearly aimed at defending against any missile threat posed by Iran . That 's more palatable to Russia , but NATO-member Turkey , which could be one of the sites for the radar systems , does n't want to upset its growing ties with Iran . Cooperation on missile defense is just one way NATO will seek to close the post-Cold War chapter of its history . When NATO leaders meet this weekend with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , they plan to endorse a new Russia/NATO partnership to work on issues such as terrorism , Afghanistan and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . Since the late '80s NATO has struggled with how to transform its sometimes schizophrenic relationship with Russia , its former enemy . At times , Russia has played nice . It was instrumental in helping end the Bosnian war and even sent forces under U.S. command . When the dust settled in Kosovo , Moscow sent troops as part of NATO 's KFOR mission . But Russian troops still occupy Georgian territory after clashes there in 2008 and Moscow still maintains a sphere of influence over other countries in its neighborhood . The Soviet Union may be no longer , but fear of the Russian bear still looms large in Eastern European members of NATO who want protection from a resurgent Russia . NATO officials acknowledge there are trust issues to overcome with Russia . Still , they hope the substantial common interests NATO shares with Russia make cooperation possible . In Lisbon , NATO and Russian officials hope to release a joint assessment of threats and lay out their priorities for cooperation . Still , Volker said , ambiguity in the relationship between Russia and NATO remains . "  We never did a good job in making clear there is no reason why Russia could n't be a member of NATO , " said Volker . "  If they really became a democracy and market economy , if they believe in freedom , rule of law and human rights , why the heck not ? " NATO 's mission in Afghanistan is a litmus test for the future of NATO , say some experts . The military campaign against the Taliban has regained momentum and the summit is expected to announce plans for a transfer of control to Afghan forces by the end of 2014 . But the ability of NATO to build the Afghan government has proven less successful . While NATO forces are increasingly successful against the Taliban , it remains very unclear whether Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's government will be able to sustain the "  holding and building " of the provinces once they are transferred . NATO 's presence in Afghanistan has lasted nine years . But while all NATO allies have contributed in Afghanistan , their commitments are sometimes limited or inconsistent . Even larger countries like Germany , Italy and Spain have caveats that their troops only serve in areas of limited combat . Many others have withdrawn entirely in the face of public opposition . If Afghanistan ends well , NATO allies in Europe may well consider future missions beyond its borders . If the mission fails , Europe could conclude the experiment was a mistake and stick closer to home and the United States could conclude that NATO is not a reliable partner . The Albright panel warned early in its recommendations that "  Threats to the alliance come from the outside , but the organization 's vigor could be as easily sapped from within . "	Most important NATO summit in its 61-year history , says secretary general NATO to address new threats to Europe 's security : terrorists , cyber attack , piracy NATO 's mission in Afghanistan is a litmus test for the future of NATO , say some experts
Washington  CNN  -- In the context of 2016 , Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren are rivals for the Democrats ' presidential nomination whose every word about each other is scrutinized and picked apart . But Warren and Clinton have been on the national stage for years , and before they were ever considered rivals , they met each other in the late '90s . Warren spoke about the meeting in a 2004 interview on Bill Moyers ' "  NOW on PBS " show . Warren reflects glowingly of Clinton as first lady but also bluntly talks about how Clinton 's election to the Senate in 2000 changed the former secretary of state . In 1998 , Warren -- an expert and professor on bankruptcy law -- wrote an op-ed for The New York Times titled "  Bankrupt ? Pay Your Child Support First , " about how the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 2000 would disproportionally hurt women and families trying to collect alimony checks from their ex-husbands . The piece , Warren tells Moyers , was eventually read by then-first lady Clinton , whose office subsequently set up a meeting with the professor in Boston . "  After she 's finished her speech , we 're ushered into a tiny , little room somewhere in the bowels of this hotel , and just the two of us . They close the door . Mrs. Clinton sits down . We have hamburgers and french fries , " Warren says . Warren adds : "  And she  Clinton  says , ` Tell me about bankruptcy . ' And I got to tell you , I never had a smarter student . Quick , right to the heart of it . I go over the law . It 's a complex law . Went over the economics . Showed her the graphs , showed her the charts . And she got it . " According to Warren , at the end of the briefing , Clinton stood up and said : "  Professor Warren , we 've got to stop that awful bill . " Warren opinion : What happened to the middle class ? The first lady went back to Washington and became a strong proponent of killing the bill . In "  Living History , " her memoir about her time as first lady , Clinton writes : "  proposed bankruptcy reform moving through Congress threatened to undermine the spousal and child support many women depended on . " She writes , "  Missing from this debate , I discovered , was any discussion of what happens to women and children who depend on legally required child and spousal support that is not being paid . " President Bill Clinton would go on to veto the measure , a win that Warren says Hillary Clinton "  rightly should " take credit for . But then Warren 's interview with Moyers takes a turn as the professor reflects on how Clinton changed when she won a U.S. Senate seat in 2000 and voted in favor of a similar bankruptcy bill in 2001 . "  As Senator Clinton , the pressures are very different , " Warren says . "  It 's a well-financed industry . ... She has taken money from the groups , and more to the point , she worries about them as a constituency . " Elizabeth Warren in 2016 ? Republicans take notice Clinton is not the only one who was changed by the U.S. Senate , however . Warren , who since 2004 has gone on to become a senator from Massachusetts , was far more candid about Clinton in her 2004 interview than she was in an interview with Yahoo 's Katie Couric this week . "  You know , I worry a lot about the relationship between all of them : regulators , government and Wall Street , " Warren said when asked if Clinton was "  too cozy " with Wall Street . Couric then pressed Warren : "  But what about Hillary Clinton in particular ? " "  Well , " she responds . "  I worry across the board . " Warren co-authored opinion : We need to rein in ` too big to fail ' banks	Elizabeth Warren told Bill Moyers in 2004 that she briefed Hillary Clinton about bankruptcy Clinton helped veto a bankruptcy bill . "  I never had a smarter student , " Warren said Warren said as senator , Clinton changed position because of the financial services industry The 2004 exchange shows how Warren 's changed , too -- she 's now less candid about Clinton
New York City  CNN  -- New York Fashion Week concluded yesterday , and the trendy , well-heeled set can finally rest their aching feet -- at least for the flight across the pond to London , Paris and Milan to wash , rinse and repeat it all over again . With the debut of more than 100 spring 2014 collections over the course of seven days , it 's ambitious to declare a definitive motif , but there were certainly a number of recurring looks that achieved majority rule . Comfortable , wispy , feminine and monochromatic are just a few ways to describe the spring 2014 collections that were showcased at events in Lincoln Center and throughout the city . CNN was on the ground to document the looks that will put a spring in your step come next year . Interactive : What 's trending at Fashion Week Participating designers ran the gamut , from the powerhouses that showed on the final day like Ralph Lauren , Calvin Klein and Marc Jacobs to up-and-comers Creatures of the Wind and Alon Livne . Also making a splash were street-style favorites like Sachin + Babi , Sass & Bide , Proenza Schouler and The Row , started by Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen . Prior to the shows , we caught up with fashion forecaster WGSN and Elle Magazine 's fashion news director Anne Slowey to place their bets on what consumers will see in stores in six months -- and their predictions were , collectively , on the button . Casting the outcast at Fashion Week "  I suspect we will see a continuation of resort  wear  -- big florals , art-inspired prints , offbeat pastel combinations and architecturally minded separates and sportswear-inspired ideas , " Slowey said , prior to the whirlwind week . Sheila Aimette of fashion forecaster WGSN agreed that we should keep an eye out for bold prints and patterns -- florals , plaids , etc. -- meanwhile the silhouettes would remain sleek and architectural . Designers also favored the bare midriffs -- crop top until you drop , if you will -- as well as cut-outs and sheer fabrics to reveal some skin amid more ladylike pieces , like below-the-knee hemlines . The fine line between lingerie and outwear Slowey 's resort-wear prediction proved prescient : Tommy Hilfiger took attendees to Southern California ; he even experimented with neoprene and constructed waistbands in some of his skirts and shirts , which looked like peeled down wetsuits . The getaway theme also resonated in the Capri-inspired , lemon grove patterns of Kate Spade and tropical flower-print dresses and straw fedoras of Tracy Reese 's Havana nights-themed collection . Also well-represented : Short suits ; slip dresses and culottes . Think classic Daisy Buchanan with a little boudoir flare . Making an unlikely and comfortable comeback is the Birkenstock sandal , offering a bit of 1990s nostalgia for the collections of Trina Turk and Rachel Zoe , as well as a new collaboration between the shoemaker and J. Crew . Yet , among all this , a mod black-and-white palette reigned supreme . Ralph Lauren opened up with a monochromatic color scheme before transitioning into bright Kelly green , blue , orange and yellow gowns ; Rag & Bone , Victoria Beckham , Cushnie et Ochs and Altuzarra also stayed minimalist in hue for most of their collections . As for the hair , it was matted down and sleek in most shows , while the makeup was understated and shimmering -- orange lipstick added a common pop of color at many shows . What was n't understated was the showmanship : From the rose-scented room of Prabal Gurung to the models at Opening Ceremony who showed off clothes amid luxury cars . At Desigual , models cheekily walked and danced down the runway with smiles and peace sign gestures ; and at Jen Kao , several models were even joined down the runway by similarly-coiffed Afghan hounds . Meanwhile , Thom Browne went full-on "  Bride of Frankenstein " with corseted couture pieces paired with smeared red lipstick and teased out gray wigs . See all of CNN Living 's New York Fashion Week coverage . And catch up with us come spring for a look at the fall and winter collections .	Designers launched spring 2014 collections over the last 7 days in New York Trends favored comfortable , wispy , feminine and monochromatic looks Amid ladylike pieces , crop-tops and cut-outs boost sex appeal
CNN  -- The Detroit Free Press and Detroit News will become the first major metropolitan newspapers in the U.S. to end daily home delivery , the papers announced Tuesday . The Detroit News will still be available on newsstands daily , newspaper officials said Tuesday . "  We 're fighting for our survival , " said David Hunke , publisher of the Free Press and CEO of the Detroit Media Partnership , a joint operating agreement between the two papers . "  We think its time to take a geometric leap forward in what we 've known as newspapers . " Beginning sometime in the first three months of 2009 , the two newspapers will provide home delivery on Thursdays , Fridays and Sundays only , Hunke said during a news conference in Detroit , Michigan . Papers will be on newsstands every day , and the papers ' online offerings will be expanded , he said . "  The dynamics of delivering information to audiences has changed forever due to technology , " Hunke said in a statement on the plan . Costs for paper , ink and fuel to deliver papers were forcing the papers into cuts in newsroom talent that would damage their abilities to report the news , Hunke said . Paying for delivery vehicles to cover 300,000 miles nightly , he said , did not make economic sense at a time when 63 percent of readers have broadband Internet access . As for those without computers and broadband access at home , "  this is n't necessarily gon na be the best news for them , " Hunke said . "  Our economics have become unsustainable , " said Jonathan Wolman , publisher and editor of the Detroit News . "  We 've got to embrace reality , and we 've got to embrace innovation , " said Paul Anger , executive editor of the Free Press , owned by Gannett Corp. , the country 's largest newspaper publisher . The Free Press , the nation 's 20th-largest daily paper , had a daily circulation of 298,243 and 605,000 on Sunday as of the end of September . Those numbers were down almost 7 percent and 4 percent , respectively , from the previous six months , according to the Audit Bureau of Circulations . The Detroit News , the country 's 49th largest newspaper , is owned by MediaNews Group and had a daily circulation of 178,280 in September . It does not publish a Sunday edition . The Free Press ' circulation is down 19 percent and the News is down 22 percent since 2002 , the Free Press reported Tuesday . Hunke said the newspapers would face about a 9 percent reduction in their workforces under the plan . However no layoffs in their newsrooms , which he described as "  fiercely competitive , " were planned . The Detroit Media Partnership employs more than 2,100 people , CNN affiliate WDIV-TV reported . Personnel cuts would be negotiated with the papers ' unions , Hunke said . "  We believe it will break the cycle of buyouts and downsizing " that has become common in the newspaper industry , Wolman said . Newspaper publishers have had a rough year . Across the industry , daily circulation dropped 4.6 percent in the six months ending in September . Gannett has been in the process of cutting 10 percent of its workforce across its 85 newspapers nationwide . McClatchy Co. , the nation 's second-largest newspaper company , has been pursuing cuts at its papers , including the Miami Herald . Tribune Co. , which owns the Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times , among others , announced earlier this month it was filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . The East Valley Tribune in Mesa , Arizona , a 100,000-circulation newspaper owned by Freedom Newspapers , announced in October it would move from a daily to a four-day publication beginning in January . The national Christian Science Monitor is moving its daily content online and dropping its daily print edition next year . Anger said Tuesday that Detroit readers have been seeking those kinds of changes in how they get their news . "  Generations of readers are telling us they 'd like information delivered in a different way , " he said , promising "  a fast reading , provocative news report in print as well as online . " The Detroit papers will price their three-day home delivery subscriptions at $ 12 a month , including a daily edition delivered by e-mail , Hunke said . Wolman said mail subscriptions would be available to home-bound readers .	Detroit Free Press , Detroit News will deliver to homes only three days a week Papers will still be available on newsstands ; online offerings expanded Free Press ' daily circulation dipped almost 7 percent this year Ink , paper , fuel costs mean cuts in reporting under current model , publisher says
A popular American fast food restaurant wants you to "  Eat mor chikin " without antibiotics . Chick-fil-A Inc. announced plans Tuesday to use chicken raised without antibiotics in all of its restaurants within five years . National and regional poultry suppliers are partnering with the company to stock up . Chik-fil-A wants these suppliers to collaborate with the U.S. Department of Agriculture to ensure the chickens do not receive any antibiotics . "  Since our family business began 67 years ago , we have focused on our customers . It 's why we insist upon using the highest quality ingredients , " Dan Cathy , president and chief executive officer of Chick-fil-A , said in a statement . "  We want to continue that heritage , and offering antibiotic-free chicken is the next step . " Chick-fil-A is a privately owned company with 1,700 locations in 39 states and Washington . It deems itself the "  second largest quick-service chicken restaurant chain in the United States . " The company produced sales of $ 5 billion in 2013 , the announcement said . 7 other chemicals in your food What 's the big deal about antibiotics ? Antibiotics are used in livestock to prevent disease as well as to assist with growth of the animals . In 2011 , about 29.9 million pounds of antibiotics were sold for meat and poultry production . By comparison , 7.7 million pounds were sold for human use , according to the Pew Charitable Trusts . Chick-fil-A 's announcement comes amid a growing awareness about the problem of antibiotic resistance . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has said that antibiotics in livestock are contributing to the rise of dangerous bacteria . Many antibiotics that farmers give food-producing animals are also used to treat sick humans . The FDA announced a plan in December to phase out certain antibiotics in the food production industry . "  Because all uses of antimicrobial drugs , in both humans and animals , contribute to the development of antimicrobial resistance , it is important to use these drugs only when medically necessary , " the FDA said on its website . FDA hopes to curb antibiotic use on farms The National Chicken Council said the Chick-Fil-A move is a "  business decision " and that many organization members offer poultry lines without antibiotics to provide a choice for consumers . "  Antibiotics are not always used in chicken production ; rather , they are administered to prevent and treat disease , only under the care of a licensed veterinarian , " said Ashley Peterson , National Chicken Council vice president of scientific and regulatory affairs , in a statement . "  The science shows that responsible and judicious use of FDA-approved antibiotics to treat and prevent disease in livestock and poultry is both safe and effective . " Companies responding to health concerns Chick-fil-A has made other changes to its ingredients in recent years , such as removing yellow dye from its chicken soup . The company is also testing the possibility of taking out other food additives , including artificial ingredients in the buns and high fructose corn syrup in dressings and sauces . Those developments , announced late last year , came after food blogger Vani Hari wrote about controversial ingredients in Chik-fil-A 's products . The company responded by inviting her to its headquarters , and Hari posted to her blog in 2012 that she 'd had a four-hour meeting there with company executives . Among the topics covered : The use of antibiotics in their chicken , she said . How ` Food Babe ' helped persuade Subway to remove chemical from bread Hari also recently launched a petition to get the sandwich chain Subway to remove a chemical called azodicarbonamide , also found in yoga mats and shoe soles , from its breads . Subway announced last week that it was in the process of taking azodicarbonamide out "  as part of our bread improvement efforts . " In addition , the food blogger has shown her power in the pasta arena . After Hari posted a petition on Change.org , Kraft said in November that it would remove Yellow No. 5 and Yellow No. 6 dyes from some varieties of its Macaroni & Cheese products . The color additives will be nixed from pastas shaped like SpongeBob SquarePants , Nickelodeon 's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " from Dreamworks , a company spokeswoman told CNN . Kraft removing artificial dyes from some mac and cheese Other popular petitions for more healthful products are ongoing . Concerned mother Renee Shutters partnered with the Center for Science in the Public Interest to start a campaign directed at M&M s . The Change.org petition wants Mars Inc. to stop using artificial dyes in the candies . American mom wants European M&M s	Chick-fil-A restaurants working with suppliers The chain is a privately owned company with 1,700 locations Antibiotics are used to prevent disease , aid growth The rise of antibiotic-resistant bacteria is a big concern
CNN  -- American veteran John Daly tamed "  brutal " sandstorm conditions in Qatar to record a five-under-par round and sit one shot behind leader Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano . Daly , who was playing his first tournament after a near six-week break from the game , battled strong gusts and swirling sand in Doha to shoot a bogey-free round of 67 . The 55-year-old , who can boast two major titles , no longer holds a U.S. PGA Tour card , but made light of the tough conditions . "  I 'm pretty shocked , " he told the European Tour 's official website . "  I had five-and-a - half weeks off and really did n't touch a club much . Obama and golf : Par for the course for presidents "  It 's one of the best rounds I 've ever played in a wind like that . You feel like you are eating a lot of sand . " The only man who had a better day than 1995 British Open winner Daly was Fernandez-Castano who recorded nine birdies alongside three bogeys . "  I would have taken level par , " said Fernandez-Castano , who missed nearly six months of action last year due to a back injury . "  We could n't see the ball landing on the fairways and I just tried to keep it as low as possible . I think I just got lucky and holed some important putts . Putting is the most difficult thing on a windy day . " Australian Jason Day and K.J. Choi , from Korea , are two shots back from Fernandez-Castano on four-under while five players were tied on three-under , including 1999 British Open champion Paul Lawrie . Why golf  and big business  still need Tiger Woods World number two Lee Westwood finished on one-under as did Europe 's 2012 Ryder Cup captain , Jose Maria Olazabal , from Spain . Westwood took to social-networking site Twitter after his opening round to complain about slow play on day one . He said : "  To say we are pros and there 's no rough out there and we are supposed to know what we are doing , the pace of play today was a disgrace . " He later added : "  I was referring to the general speed of play nearly every week now not any one person in particular . Same last week  in Abu Dhabi  . "	Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano leads the Qatar Masters on six-under-par Spaniard one shot ahead of American John Daly as sandstorms affect day one Daly describes conditions at the Doha Golf Club as "  brutal " Jason Day and K.J. Choi tied on four-under with five players a further shot back
Los Angeles  CNN  -- When a two-member panel holds a California parole hearing for notorious murderer Charles Manson on Wednesday , he will be represented by state-appointed attorney DeJon R. Lewis , who will urge the state to put Manson in a mental hospital , Lewis told CNN . Manson , 77 , and Lewis , 45 , who was a small boy at the time of the "  Manson family " killings in 1969 , have n't yet met . In fact , it is unclear whether Manson will attend the parole hearing , his attorney said . "  He did n't come to my interview either , so I have never met him , " Lewis said in an exclusive interview with CNN . "  I went to go interview him last month . I asked the correction officers was he coming out of his cell , and they said nope . And I said OK , who 's the next inmate ? " Lewis is a Ventura , California , general practitioner lawyer who also works as a state-appointed attorney for inmates at about nine parole hearings every two months , he said . "  I always knew in the back of my mind that there was an opportunity to do this for someone of this notoriety , " Lewis said about being assigned to represent Manson at the hearing . "  I 've worked in many prisons . I 'm not this crusader to go in and get people accused of murder off . But if they have earned a second chance and done the proper courses and gone to AA and anger management and shown remorse and have a job waiting for them and a residence , I 'm all for parole , " he said . Lewis will tell the parole board that Manson is in need of psychiatric care at Atascadero State Hospital , about 95 miles southwest of the state prison in Corcoran , California , where he is serving a life sentence and where the parole hearing will also take place . Corcoran is about 170 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles . A recent prison photo released to CNN shows Manson yielding to old age -- with unruly long gray hair and a full beard , but with subdued eyes that no longer flash a signature Helter-Skelter menace . Manson still bears a swastika tattooed on his forehead above , and between , his eyes . "  Charles Manson does not need incarceration at this point in his life , " Lewis said . "  He needs hospitalization . "  I mean the issues in regard to his psychiatric makeup and the health concerns that a 76 - or 77-year-old man would need , " he explained . "  What he did was heinous from what he said . How many years has he been in prison ? I was just a little boy , but after all these years , has there been any rehabilitation ? I do n't know . He probably needs more hospitalization than incarceration . " Manson was initially sentenced to death for the 1969 slayings of actress Sharon Tate and six others by a group of his followers as part of what prosecutors said was an attempt to incite a race war . The enduring fascination of the Sharon Tate murder His death sentence was changed to life in prison after California 's death penalty was overturned for a period during the 1970s . Manson has been denied parole 11 times . The last time he appeared at his parole hearing was 15 years ago . In an interview Tuesday with CNN , Debra Tate , the sister of Sharon Tate , said she has been attending Manson 's parole hearings for the past 15 years -- and Manson has not shown up . Tate agreed with some legal experts ' observations that Wednesday 's parole hearing could be the last one for the aging Manson , who , if he 's denied parole this week , may not be eligible again until as late as 2027 . If it denies parole for Manson , the two-member panel of the California Board of Parole Hearings can schedule his next hearing three , five , seven , 10 or 15 years from now , said spokeswoman Terry Thornton of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . Said Tate : "  I 'm hoping he 'll show up this time , and then I will have a lot more to say . "  He needs to look into our eyes , victims ' eyes , and see the pain that he has caused , " Tate added . "  I think that that is something that is essential to his coming to peace , perhaps before he passes . "  As you said , this is probably going to be his last parole hearing , " she told CNN . Tate acknowledged that Manson holds a prominent -- and grisly -- place among mass murderers . "  There is a unique social icon kind of a thing that goes along with the Manson family , " Tate said . "  They have made murder popular . They have more followers than they have ever had . There have been murders done in their name . Quite frankly , I do not understand it . I understand there are a lot of young people that are looking for something to believe in , but I do n't see how you could possibly think this man is leadership material . I do n't get it . " Lewis , Manson 's state-appointed attorney , said he would be surprised if Manson shows up to the parole hearing , but he 's still hoping it happens . "  That will shock me too , but I 'm going to do what I have to do . I 'm anticipating him doing that , changing his mind and coming out , " Lewis said . "  I would hope he would . Then my argument would basically be established , that he needs hospitalization and not incarceration at this point . That 's my theme . " As a boy , Lewis said he remembered reading "  Helter Skelter , " the best-selling book about the Manson family rampage . "  Even now all these years later , it 's the kind of thing that goes boo in the night , " Lewis said of the killings . "  People are scared . I read a copy of ` Helter Skelter , ' a copy in my grandmother 's house . I think I was on punishment . I could n't put it down . I did n't read the whole thing , but I read enough to know it was a horrible , horrible time . " Former prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi , who co-authored "  Helter Skelter " and prosecuted Manson and members of his "  family , " said he believed Manson wo n't be paroled . "  Look at his two co-defendants right now who are still alive , " he said of Patricia Krenwinkel and Leslie Van Houten , who are still imprisoned on life sentences . "  He orchestrated and was behind all the murders . "  It 's preposterous on its face . Basically , it 's a nonissue and not going to happen , " Bugliosi said of the possibility of parole . "  Manson knows this . He frequently has n't showed up at parole hearings . " In attempting to ignite an apocalyptic race war that Manson called "  Helter Skelter " after a Beatles song , Manson 's "  family " took the lives of seven people over two nights in August 1969 in Los Angeles : They inflicted 169 stab wounds and seven .22 - caliber gunshot wounds . They used the blood of their victims to scrawl anti-establishment messages on the walls : "  Pig , " "  Death to Pigs , " "  Rise " and a misspelled "  Healter Skelter . " Actress Tate , 26 , famed hairstylist Jay Sebring , 35 , coffee fortune heiress Abigail Folger , 25 , and two others died shortly after midnight on August 9 , 1969 , at a rambling house overlooking Benedict Canyon . Tate was married to director Roman Polanski and eight months pregnant . She begged in vain for her life , saying she wanted to live to have her baby , according to Bugliosi . The next night , grocer Leno LaBianca , 44 , and his wife , Rosemary , 38 , were butchered in their home in the wealthy Los Feliz neighborhood . Rosemary LaBianca was stabbed 41 times . A fork jutted from Leno LaBianca 's abdomen , where one of his killers had carved the word "  war . " Manson has not been a model inmate . A prosecutor who handled his parole hearings told CNN in 2009 that Manson had a "  laundry list of violations in prison . " In the past five years , he was punished for threatening a peace officer and for having a weapon , the latter happening in October when he had a sharpened pen , a corrections department spokeswoman said . Manson also had a contraband cell phone twice , the latest time in January 2011 . Prison officials said they tracked phone numbers in California , Oregon and Maine . Manson has been an inmate in the 24-cell protective housing unit of the California State Prison Corcoran since 1989 , said Thornton , the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation spokeswoman . The unit is for inmates whose safety would be endangered in a general population prison yard , and it still functions like such a yard , she said . Other inmates in the unit with Manson are Phillip Garrido , 61 , who held Jaycee Dugard captive for 18 years ; Juan Corona , 78 , who murdered 25 migrant workers ; and John Albert Gardner , 33 , who killed and raped two teenage girls in San Diego County , California , Thornton said .	Charles Manson 's attorney will urge the parole board to put Manson in a mental hospital Manson is serving a life sentence in a California state prison in Corcoran Now 77 , he has been denied parole 11 times The last time he appeared at a parole hearing was 15 years ago
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Four people were killed and eight others wounded Wednesday when police fired on demonstrators in the town of Mendhar in India 's Jammu and Kashmir state , a local official said . Later , in the northern Kashmiri town of Sobore , police opened fire to quell stone-pelting protesters . One person was critically injured and later died in hospital , police said . The protests , triggered by allegations of the desecration of the Quran in the United States , quickly turned into the violent anti-India demonstrations that have taken place all summer in India 's restive Kashmir region . Monday was the bloodiest day yet : 18 people were killed and 80 others wounded in demonstrations against India and the United States . Protesters torched two Christian missionary schools and several government buildings , after which the Indian government imposed a round-the-clock curfew , forcing a complete lock-down on the region and creating shortages in essential items including baby food , milk and produce . All flights in and out of Srinagar , the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir state , were suspended for the first time in a decade . Indian police were out in force on the streets of Srinagar , keeping residents hunkered down in their homes . But demonstrations in support of Kashmiri independence have continued and police have met angry crowds with the force of batons and the sting of teargas . So far this summer , 89 people have died in anti-India demonstrations in Kashmir , the predominantly Muslim part of Jammu and Kashmir state where many favor severing ties with New Delhi . Divisional Commissioner Pawan Kotwal told CNN that protesters tried to burn down another school run by Christian missionaries in Mendhar , a Muslim town southwest of Srinagar that is in the predominantly Hindu area of the state . He said an indefinite curfew has also been imposed in Mendhar .	The anti-India protests were fueled by Quran desecration reports India has imposed a strict curfew in the city of Srinagar But violent demonstrations are continuing
CNN  -- The trek for those traveling through northern Mexico remains dangerous : police rescued 73 people who were being held hostage in the border city of Reynosa . The victims had been kidnapped from buses or bus terminals , and about half were Central Americans , police said . It is likely , though police did not say , that a majority of the victims were migrants on their way north to the United States . Read more : The new Mexico , beyond stereotypes Some of the kidnap victims were held for as long as four months , Mexico 's National Security Commission said in a statement . Federal police on patrol Monday in Reynosa followed a car after its occupants tried to avoid them , the commission said . When the two men in the car pulled up to a house , so did the police . The police approached the house "  from where they could hear cries for help , " the commission said . Inside the house , police found 73 hostages : 37 Mexicans , 19 Hondurans , 14 Guatemalans , and three Salvadorans , it said . Six minors were among those rescued , the commission said . The Latino footprint in America : 500 years strong The victims told police that some had been held between four days and four months . The alleged kidnappers made phone calls to the victims ' families , demanding ransom payments in exchange for their release , the commission said . Some of the people rescued said they were assaulted or raped , it said . Police arrested the two men in the car who arrived at the house , and a third man who they allege worked as a lookout . Authorities have discovered at least three mass kidnapping operations in and around Reynosa this year . In July , Mexican authorities rescued 81 migrants they said were held captive in Reynosa . And in June , authorities said that in a small town nearby they rescued 165 migrants who were kidnapped as they tried to cross into the United States . The dangers are not limited to the north of the country . In July , authorities in southern state of Chiapas rescued 94 migrants who were crammed into the back of a hauling truck in "  subhuman conditions . " They showed symptoms of asphyxiation and serious lesions on their hands and feet when they were rescued .	Police rescue 73 people from a house in northern Mexico About half of the victims are Central American They had been snatched from buses or bus stations
CNN  -- An explosion in a southern Iranian mosque that killed 10 people and wounded 160 after evening prayers Saturday night was caused by negligent handling of live munitions , not a bomb as first suspected , Iranian media reported . Shiraz , Iran , is well known for being home to many scholars , artists and poets . The blast and subsequent fire occurred about 6 p.m. Saturday in the men 's section of a mosque in the city of Shiraz , Iran 's Fars news agency reported . Fars initially reported the explosion was caused by a home-made bomb . Provincial Police Commander Ali Moaeyri later told Fars it "  was not sabotage . " "  Some live munitions may have been left behind at that location which could have been the cause of the explosion , " Moaeyri said . The police commander said the munitions were apparently left behind after a "  Sacred Defense " exhibition was held at the mosque , which also serves as a cultural center . Local militia groups -- known as Basij -- often use the mosques for meeting places . Iran 's official news agency , IRNA , put the number of casualties at 10 dead and 160 wounded . Survivors were being treated at 12 hospitals , IRNA reported . Fars estimated 800 people , mostly young , were gathered at the mosque Saturday evening to hear a cleric 's sermon denouncing Bahai and Wahabi faiths -- both of which are considered heresies by some Shiites . Bombings are unusual in Iran , thought the predominantly Shiite Muslim country has endured sporadic attacks in recent years . The last major bombing occurred in February 2007 , when a car bomb blew up near a bus carrying members of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Corps , leaving a dozen dead and injuring dozens more in southeastern Iran . Shiraz -- a historical city of more than 1 million people -- is well known for being home to many scholars , artists , poets and local craftsmanship of rugs and metalwork . The tourist city is about 400 miles south of Tehran , the capital . E-mail to a friend Journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this story .	NEW : Media reports says blast was caused by live munitions , not bomb NEW : Ten people killed and 160 wounded , Iran 's state-run television reports The explosion happened in the southern Iranian city of Shiraz
CNN  -- Nutek Disposables of Pennsylvania has issued a voluntary recall for its baby wipes because some packages may contain a bacteria that 's often resistant to common antibiotics . The wipes being recalled are : Cuties , Diapers.com , Femtex , Fred 's , Kidgets , Member 's Mark , Simply Right , Sunny Smiles , Tender Touch and Well Beginnings . They were sold to : Walgreens , Sam 's Club , Family Dollar , Fred 's and Diapers.com . After it received some complaints of discoloration and an odor , Nutek said it conducted tests and found that some of the products contained the bacteria , Burkholderia cepacia  B. cepacia  . B. cepacia poses no risk to healthy people . But those with weakened immune systems or lung diseases , could be infected . The company said it has received several reports of rashes , irritation and fever -- but "  these reports have not been confirmed to be related to the use of these products . " Nutek has n't yet pinpointed how the bacteria got into the supply . It has stopped shipping baby wipes made in that facility . You can return the wipes for a full refund where you bought it . If you have questions , you can call the company at 1-855-646-4351 , Monday through Friday , 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET .	B. cepacia poses no risk to healthy people But those with weakened immune systems could be infected
