A CNN correspondent was harassed by Turkish plainclothes police as he was live on air , reporting on tensions between the officers and demonstrators on the first anniversary of mass protests in Istanbul . International correspondent Ivan Watson had just finished explaining that police had closed off central Istanbul to prevent demonstrators from being able to lay flowers at the sight of last year 's protests when he himself was manhandled by officers . Viewers of CNN International on Saturday morning watched as officers demanded to see Watson 's press credentials and passport , as well as those of his crew . The camera kept rolling as the officers grabbed Watson and started walking with him . One officer kneed him in the back . They also broke the microphone off CNN 's camera while wrestling it out of the hands of the cameraman . The veteran reporter told anchor Errol Barnett , "  Errol , we 're being detained right now . " Watson and his team were escorted in police custody . Police officers argued that Watson 's press accreditation , issued by the Turkish prime ministry , could have been "  counterfeited " and that he had to produce a passport . He was not permitted to leave until the passport was retrieved from the nearby CNN bureau . But officers did n't arrest him . According to Watson , after about a half-hour , the CNN team was released , and another officer apologized for the officer who had kneed him . Police also apologized for the inconvenience . Watson is based in Istanbul . In his 12 years in the country , the press credential has sufficed as proper identification for reporting . The demand to see a passport was unusual . He was at Taksim Square , where mass protests surged a year ago . The protests began over the proposed development of a park but swelled in large anti-government demonstrations that were met with a government crackdown . Activists called for nationwide demonstrations to mark the first anniversary of the protests , but , as Watson reported , police were denying them that opportunity . On Saturday , Gezi park -- the place where the protests started -- was closed off , and both riot police and plainclothes officers were deployed in large numbers . The Turkish government accuses protesters of trying to undermine Turkey 's economy and is not allowing public displays of dissent , especially in this sensitive place , Watson said . Protesters say they want to express their opinions freely . As night fell Saturday , police fired tear gas in Taksim Square to disperse the demonstrators . There were some scuffles between groups of protesters and riot police .	Ivan Watson was reporting live from Istanbul for CNN when cops approached him They demanded to see his credentials and passport He was escorted in police custody Watson was not arrested , and police apologized for the incident
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI is considering changing the Vatican constitution to allow a vote for his successor to begin before March 15 , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said Wednesday . Benedict , 85 , shocked the world last week when he announced his intention to stand down effective February 28 , citing the frailty of old age . Existing rules say the Roman Catholic Church 's cardinals should start voting on a replacement from 15 to 20 days after the papal throne becomes vacant . With Benedict 's resignation due to start February 28 , the cardinals ' conclave ordinarily would start no sooner than March 15 . But Lombardi has said that because Benedict was leaving the papacy through resignation rather than death , the Vatican would explore the possibility of selecting a new pope sooner than normally prescribed .	Existing rules say vote for replacement should begin 15 to 20 days after papal vacancy But Vatican has said because Benedict XVI is resigning , a vote might be held sooner than usual Benedict 's resignation is set for February 28
Cairo  CNN  -- For a second day , Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy 's home was not spared from the wrath of protesters who remain unconvinced of his defense of recent controversial decisions . Dozens of protesters threw rocks and glass bottles at the home in Sharkia province Friday and tried to push aside a police barrier , said Alaa Mahmoud , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry . Two policemen and several protesters were injured , and four people were arrested . Protesters also made their message clear at the presidential palace in Cairo , where thousands broke through a barricade and sprayed graffiti on the palace walls . Guards at the palace did not engage the protesters . Crowds also gathered at Cairo 's Tahrir Square but were largely calm , unlike the night before . In remarks Thursday night -- his latest since the bloodiest stretch in two weeks of political unrest -- Morsy refused to back off the controversial edict he issued or his nation 's upcoming constitutional referendum , saying he respects peaceful opposition to his decisions but wo n't stand for violence . On Friday , Egyptian Vice President Mahmoud Mekki told CBC , a private Egyptian TV station , that Morsy would consider postponing the referendum , so long as there are no legal challenges to the postponement . The president has agreed to delay the vote for expatriates until Wednesday , said chief of staff Refaa El-Tahtawy . That vote was previously set for Saturday . During his Thursday speech , the president condemned those involved in the clashes -- referring specifically to those with weapons and who are backed by members of the "  corrupt ... ex-regime . " He promised they 'd be held accountable . Opinion : Morsy miscalculating Egyptians ' rage "  They  will not escape punishment , " the president said in a televised speech . Yet Morsy 's threat not only failed to mollify many protesters on the streets , it further enraged them . Activists camped in the square chanted "  Leave ! Leave ! Leave ! " as the president talked . And minutes after the speech ended , the Muslim Brotherhood headquarters in Cairo was "  ablaze , " state TV reported , citing witnesses . The Islamist group said on its website and Twitter that the building had come under "  a terrorist attack , " with hundreds surrounding it . By early Friday , there was no sign of a fire or significant damage . The National Salvation Front , an umbrella group of opposition organizations , called for large-scale demonstrations against a government it says has "  lost legitimacy , " said the group , as reported by the semiofficial al-Ahram newspaper . Such a call for action -- and the sustained presence in Tahrir Square -- suggests activists are undaunted by threats from Morsy and members of the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist group tied to him . The group was banned under longtime President Hosni Mubarak but is now Egypt 's dominant political force . On Twitter , the Brotherhood has said it will hold opposition figures "  fully responsible for escalation of violence & inciting their supporters . " iReport : Bloody clashes around Egyptian presidential palace Adel Saeed , a spokesman for Egypt 's newly appointed general prosecutor , said Friday morning that Hamdeen Sabahi , Mohamed ElBaradei and Amr Moussa are being investigated for allegedly "  conspiring to topple " the government . All three are well-known internationally -- with ElBaradei being a Nobel Peace Prize laureate and Moussa a onetime head of the Arab League -- and are now being probed for their role in the opposition against Morsy , who defeated all three in this year 's presidential election . ElBaradei said on Twitter : "  I call upon all the national forces and figures not to participate in a dialogue that lacks all the basics of a truthful discourse . We support a dialogue that is not based on the policy of arm-twisting and forcing the status quo . " During an interview with Al-Arabiya , an Arabic news network , ElBaradei called on Morsy to postpone the referendum vote and to "  rescind the constitutional declaration . " He added that "  only then will the opposition engage in dialogue . " Those taking part in the protests around the North African nation say the scenes are similar to those of the 2011 uprising that led to Mubarak 's ouster . This time , they say , dissent is being vigorously stamped out by Morsy 's backers in government and on the street . Specifically , they spoke of thugs with knives and rocks chasing activists , presidential backers belittling opponents and pressure from various quarters to go home and be quiet . "  It 's exactly the same battle , " said Hasan Amin , a CNN iReporter . A November 22 edict by Morsy , in which he made his decisions immune to judicial oversight until a new constitution is voted upon , set off the latest wave of political unrest . And it 's been growing -- and growing more violent -- in recent days . Opposition leaders have been clear in saying what would mollify them : Morsy must roll back his edict granting himself expanded presidential powers and must postpone a December 15 referendum on a proposed constitution , which they say does n't adequately represent or protect all Egyptians . Morsy previously said the edict was necessary to defend the revolution , and his administration has insisted the proposed constitution was drafted legally . If people vote it down , the president said Thursday night that he 'd form a new assembly to draft another constitution . Yet opposition activists have n't shown any indication that they trust Morsy on that or other counts . They accuse him of consolidating power for himself and the Muslim Brotherhood , in part by having an Islamist-dominated group push through the draft constitution . This internal strife has helped transform the area around the presidential palace in Cairo into a war zone . Streets littered with rubble and burned cars were defined by barbed-wire barricades , patrolling soldiers , parked tanks and armored personnel carriers . Read more : The factors driving Egypt 's unrest Beyond the popular unrest , Morsy 's inner circle was shaken when Rafik Habib , the deputy head of the Freedom and Justice Party , resigned Thursday , party spokesman Ahmed Sobe said . Habib did not give a reason . His resignation brings to five the number of presidential advisers who have left in the past two days . It is the first , however , from the Freedom and Justice Party . Egyptian judges and media organizations also staged strikes to show their displeasure with the situation . And 11 organizations representing lawyers , journalists , writers , actors , musicians and tour guides said Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood were behind the violence , al-Ahram reported . The group said it would call for Morsy 's ouster if the administration failed to protect protesters and "  fulfill the aspirations of the January 25 revolution , " the newspaper said . Vice President Mekki asked critics Wednesday to submit their proposals for improving the constitution , and Morsy invited political opponents to a meeting Saturday at the presidential palace . If you 're in Egypt , please send us your photos and videos and share your story , but stay safe Reza Sayah and Ian Lee reported from Cairo ; Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Michael Pearson , Karen Smith , Amir Ahmed , and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy also contributed to this report .	NEW : President Mohamed Morsy would reportedly consider postponing a referendum vote Protesters break barricade at the presidential palace in Cairo Dozens throw rocks and bottles at Morsy 's home in Sharkia province Morsy says those responsible for violence must be punished
Kennedy Space Center , Florida  CNN  -- The space shuttle Endeavour landed at Kennedy Space Center in Florida early Wednesday , completing its 25th and final mission -- the next-to-last mission for NASA 's 30-year-old space shuttle program . "  Welcome home , Endeavour , " Mission Control in Houston said . The spacecraft touched down at 2:34 a.m. ET at the end of a nearly 16-day mission to the International Space station . "  It 's sad to see her land for the last time , but she really has a great legacy , " said shuttle commander Mark Kelly after Endeavour rolled to a stop in the darkness of a warm Florida morning The youngest of the shuttles retires after 25 space flights . During 299 days in space , Endeavour orbited the earth 4,671 times and logged almost 122.9 million miles , NASA said . It first went into service in 1993 . Endeavour unlocked from the International Space Station late Sunday after spending more than 11 days linked to the orbiting laboratory , where the astronauts installed a cosmic ray detector . The $ 2 billion , 15,000-pound machine is already at work "  gathering information that could improve our understanding of the universe , " Kelly said . "  The retirement of Endeavour and the shuttle fleet will not end the human need to explore , " Kelly said in comments from space that were posted on NASA 's website . "  It is and always will be part of who we are . The United States will build other spaceships better than those of today . Even if they are years in the future , they will nevertheless increase our knowledge of the world , generate an enormous benefit to the economy and inspire our children . " On July 8 , space shuttle Atlantis is to make NASA 's final shuttle flight . Thousands of people turned out Tuesday night at Kennedy Space Center to watch it make the three-mile trip from the Vehicle Assembly Building to the launch pad . "  Look how majestic it looks rolling out to the launch pad , " said astronaut Sandy Magnus to reporters . "  Look at that and see what we can do when we put our minds to it . "	Endeavour 's 16-day mission took it to the international space station The retirement will not end "  the human need to explore , " says Cmdr. Mark Kelly The shuttle Atlantis is scheduled to take off on NASA 's final space shuttle mission on July 8
CNN  -- Swedish tennis legend Bjorn Borg has been credited with changing how the modern game is played . In this month 's Open Court program , Borg sits down with fellow-Wimbledon champion Pat Cash to discuss his life and the impact he had on tennis in Sweden and the world in general . Borg 's domination in the 1970s left a long-standing legacy in Swedish tennis , carried on by Mats Wilander and Stefan Edberg -- with Robin Soderling flying the flag for the nation in the present day . But it was n't just Borg 's success that inspired a generation and a nation -- his use of the double-handed backhand shot had never been seen before , and was to change the way tennis was played from then on . "  Basically I started playing double handed on both my forehand and backhand side because my first racket was very heavy , " said Borg . "  Those old wooden rackets were heavy which is the reason why a lot of people started playing double-handed , for instance Connors and Chris Evert . "  The difference with my backhand was that I was playing it with top spin which was something of a revolution . People kept telling me I could n't play them top spin and had to play the shots flat , " Borg added . "  I remember a guy once gave me a book on tennis and said ` read this , it shows you how you are supposed to play ' -- but you know I am a bit stubborn and did not listen , so I carried on playing my backhand with top spin and that is how the whole thing started . " Wilander , himself a winner of seven grand slam titles , told Open Court that Borg 's success , and the way he played , directly contributed to Sweden 's subsequent production line of great players . "  The reason why Sweden has had so many great players is because of Borg . We saw the success he had and we decided to copy his style , " said Wilander . "  Other players were stuck in the 1960s and 1970s with an old fashioned way of playing and we were lucky to come into tennis at that time . " Although Borg 's unique double-handed backhanded helped make him the world greatest player , the 55-year-old -- a winner of six French Open titles and five Wimbledon crowns -- credits his first coach , Percy Rosburg , with turning him into a top player . "  When it comes to technique , nobody has more knowledge in the whole of Sweden than Percy , " continued Borg . "  He can see immediately what kind of problem you have , or what you are supposed to do , and rectify it . "  He was the Swedish national coach when he came to my hometown , which was a real big deal back then . He told me that I had some potential and he was the person who took me to Stockholm to launch my career . " But it was not just Borg 's style of play that made him so successful , the Swede also became the first player in the modern era to be able to switch from the slow clay of Paris to the grass courts of London with almost seamless transition , a skill he puts down to the Swedish climate . Borg continued : "  You know growing up in Sweden meant we had a lot of rain when we played tennis . We were taught on clay courts but because of the weather , we had to go indoors a lot . "  Those indoor courts were very fast and that is how I learned to play on grass , even though clay was certainly my favorite surface . "  At the beginning people would say about me , ` oh this guy will never be able to play good on grass because it is so different ' . But I improved and learned how to adapt . " Many experts believe Borg was the greatest player of all time , winning 11 grand slams despite retiring aged just 25 . At the time , Borg 's decision to quit tennis while he was at the top of his game caused controversy , but the man himself has no regrets and still feels he made the right choice . "  I was very young when I stepped away from the game and if I had played another five more years I am sure I would have won more tournaments -- but we can only speculate about that , " added Borg . "  I had great rivalries back then , with people like Connors and McEnroe , but off the court we really respected each other and when I quit John kept on ringing me to say ' I do n't understand what you are doing ' . "  In the end , I just had to tell him to stop ringing me , because I was n't going to change my mind , " said Borg . "  I had just had enough and I lost the motivation to play . Even If you just lose even a little bit of your motivation , it 's very difficult to carry on playing . "  It came to a point when I did n't care if I was winning or losing -- and if you get to that situation then something is seriously wrong . "	Bjorn Borg led the way for Swedish players to become a success in the game Borg won 11 major titles in a glittering career despite retiring aged just 25 Borg 's double-handed backhand with topspin revolutionized the game of tennis
CNN  -- More than 8,000 people have died in the violence surrounding the Syrian uprising in the past year , a U.N. official said Tuesday . And a new Amnesty International report released Wednesday says Syrians detained by the regime are subjected to systemic torture . Dozens of women and children in Homs were some of the latest victims , killed in what activists describe as a massacre over the weekend . The victims were all stabbed to death and burned after "  Syrian forces and thugs " stormed their homes , according to a member of the Syrian Revolution General Council . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime insists "  armed terrorist groups " -- which it routinely blames for the violence -- were behind the killings in the Karm al-Zaytoun neighborhood . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or attacks in Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . CNN 's Arwa Damon was able to recently report from inside Syria after she and a CNN crew were secretively taken into Homs with the help of local activists . What do the most recent reports of brutality mean for the future and will the violence only worsen ? Damon , now in Lebanon , explains : Question : The latest attacks in Homs as described by the opposition are especially brutal -- have there been similar reports in the past and do you think these type of atrocities are getting worse ? Damon : The situation most certainly seems to be worsening . Activists are warning of revenge killings and are warning that they will not be able to control the masses for much longer , which is one of the main reasons why they are calling for international intervention . There were two similar incidences in Karm al-Zaytoun in January , though neither was on this scale . Q : What role does sectarian divides play in all this ? And is the violence expanding into other areas ? Damon : Just about every Syrian across the spectrum is very quick to declare that sectarianism does n't exist . That being said , they do admit to sectarian undertones to what is happening , especially in Homs . The concern is that if the situation is n't resolved , these sectarian undertones could emerge which would be utterly devastating . In the recent attacks in the Karm al-Zaytoun neighborhood , the families were , according to the opposition , all Sunni . The neighborhood is actually a mixed neighbhorhood of Alawite and Sunni . A few weeks ago , activists from Homs were telling us that the neighborhood had basically divided . There was one main road that moved through it , and all of the Alawite families had moved to one side , the Sunni families to another . -LSB- Alawites comprise a branch of Shia Islam ; they are a minority in Syria with Sunnis being about 74 % of the population , according the CIA Factbook . -RSB- And what 's incredibly difficult in all of this is really trying to independently verify what is taking place . But there is one thing that is undeniable , and that is that this horrific cycle of death continues . And many people are growing increasingly concerned about the underlying sectarian nature of this type of violence . If the situation is n't resolved , activists are warning that these types of massacres will be more widespread . Q : What were things you kept hearing from the people there when you were in Syria ? What was the toll of living in this type of situation taking on the people , especially women and children ? Damon : It is wrecking the population physically , mentally , emotionally . There is hardly a person who has n't lost someone they know to violence or has been detained by the regime . Children are traumatized by the violence . Women are unable to protect their children and are left feeling helpless , vulnerable , frightened . The psychological impact is profound .  Related : Life and death under Syria 's military onslaught Q : U.N. special envoy to Syria , Kofi Annan , recently left Syria after talking with al-Assad about proposals to end the bloodshed . Annan said he 's staying hopeful . What has been the reaction to this from activists ? Damon : It 's very difficult to gauge exactly where -LSB- Annan 's -RSB- sense of optimism is coming from . A lot of activists , following those comments , were posting things to Twitter like , "  Kofi Annan is being blinded by his humanitarian blinders . " Others saying that he quite simply was unable to see the truth , because the opposition firmly believes that the Assad regime has absolutely no intent of reforming . Trying to bring about any sort of concrete plan that would result in that peace that everyone really does want -- that part most definitely is true -- is going to be incredibly difficult , because both sides are quite simply so polarized and so hardened against one another because of all of the bloodshed . The Assad government is saying that it is not going to relent in its pursuit of these terrorist armed gangs . The opposition is saying that it wo n't even entertain the notion of sitting at a negotiating table until some sort of cease-fire is implemented . And many members of the opposition wo n't even entertain the notion of negotiating with the Assad regime to begin with . They would have to see the president , his entourage removed from power before they will even begin to try to negotiate any sort of way forward . So it 's a very , very difficult situation . But both sides are warning that if some sort of resolution does not take place , the violence is only going to escalate to even more unimaginable heights .	Dozens of Syrian women , children were stabbed and burned to death , activists say CNN 's Arwa Damon recently returned from dangerous mission inside Syria She talks about possible sectarian divides , what she heard from residents
CNN  -- He survived for nearly four months in the mountains , braving freezing temperatures and eating rats and grass to survive . After an Argentine military helicopter sent to measure snow in the Andes lifted him to safety on Sunday , authorities called Raul Gomez Cincunegui 's survival "  a miracle . " They marveled at how the malnourished man made it so long without proper food or heating , and wondered why he was living in a herder 's shelter at 4,500 meters  14,763 feet  . It turns out Gomez , an Uruguayan national , may have had good reason to be hiding . A day after his dramatic rescue from the remote area of Argentina 's San Juan Province near the country 's border with Chile , authorities revealed there was more to the man 's story . According to Chilean prosecutors , Gomez , 58 , is a wanted suspect in their country in a case allegedly involving the sexual abuse of a minor . Authorities said they opened an investigation in April after the mother of an 8-year-old boy accused the Uruguayan man of sexually abusing her son . A local judge issued an arrest warrant and a restraining order that month , prohibiting Gomez from having any contact with the alleged victim , prosecutors said . Just weeks after the investigation started , Gomez disappeared . Chilean authorities issued a national arrest warrant July 17 after he missed several court dates . Local media reported that Gomez left the country riding a motorcycle and kept walking through the Andes once it broke down . Gomez is in police custody while he undergoes treatment at an Argentine hospital , Argentina 's state-run Telam news agency reported . Chilean prosecutors said they have filed an extradition request to bring him back to their country . The man 's wife and daughters , who traveled to Argentina to reunite with him , deny the allegations and say it 's all a misunderstanding . "  It was all started by an aunt we did n't get along with , but that issue has been solved , " daughter Paula Gomez told Telam . "  As you can see , there 's no problem here . If there were , he would be surrounded by police officers , but he 's not because the case was dismissed . " Another sexual abuse case against him in Uruguay also turned out not to be true , she said . "  It 's a case that was dismissed a long time ago , " Gomez told Telam . "  He was being sought as a missing person and that 's it . " A doctor who is treating Gomez told CNN affiliate Canal 13 that he 's in remarkably good condition . "  When we get patients who have survived a long time in freezing temperatures , they have normally lost a finger or two to frostbite , " Dr. Leonardo Gutierrez said . "  Other than being severely malnourished , he 's perfectly fine . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	In Argentina , authorities called a man 's survival in the Andes a miracle Now Chilean prosecutors say he 's a wanted suspect accused of sexual abuse The man lived for four months in the Andes , eating rats and grass to survive His family denies the allegations and says he 's been missing for months
CNN  -- Even though he was ill , Adam Scott could do little wrong in the early rounds at the Arnold Palmer Invitational . He led by seven shots at the halfway mark at Bay Hill in Orlando and , despite his advantage being cut entering the final round , still held a comfortable three-shot advantage as play began Sunday . Unfortunately for the Aussie , he faltered and thus missed a chance to overtake the injured Tiger Woods as the world No. 1 . Matt Every of the U.S. was the unlikely winner , compiling a strong round to claim his first PGA title . Scott shot a four-over 76 , hitting five bogeys , to slip to third , two shots behind Every 's total of 275 . It was n't the tournament he wanted ahead of the defense of his Masters crown next month . "  I did n't putt well at all today , " Scott told the Golf Channel . "  If nothing else it 's a good reminder on how much putting practice I need to do before going to the Masters and just how important it is . "  If I think back to last year , I made every putt that you expect to in that last round and ultimately that 's what gave me the chance to win . " Every , who trailed Scott by four shots overnight , made up ground thanks to five birdies . But two bogeys on the last three holes gave Keegan Bradley an opportunity to force a playoff . Bradley , however , missed a birdie putt at the 18th that would have forced the playoff . Every 's drought was over . "  It 's really cool , " Every , who turned pro in 2006 , told reporters . "  I have had a lot of looks  at wins  and I kept telling myself maybe it 's going to come somewhere special . I still ca n't believe I won . "  It 's hard , it 's tough man . You just never know if it 's going to happen . "	Matt Every wins his first PGA title after rallying at the Arnold Palmer Invitational Every trailed by four shots heading into Sunday but passed Adam Scott Scott slipped to third at Bay Hill and finishes two shots behind the U.S. 's Every Scott misses a chance to overtake Tiger Woods as golf 's world No. 1
CNN  -- Did Jamie Oliver really shape up America 's unhealthiest city ? A spokeswoman for Huntington , West Virginia -- the city Oliver singled out as one of the unhealthiest places in America -- says local residents are exercising and eating better . But she 's not giving much credit to the cheeky British chef and nutrition activist . "  What people need to realize is there was already a movement to make Huntington healthier , " says Brandi Jacobs-Jones , whose West Virginia hometown plays a starring role in Oliver 's new macro-makeover show "  Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution , " set to debut on ABC on Sunday . Huntington first made its way into the national consciousness in 2008 , when The Associated Press named it "  America 's fattest city , " citing unmatched rates of obesity , heart disease and diabetes , and rates of toothlessness among older residents . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , in a morbidity and mortality report released in February , said that 32.9 percent of the populace surveyed in an area that included Huntington and nearby Ashland , Kentucky , is obese . Jacob-Jones disputes those findings , saying the survey covered a broad tri-state area surrounding her college town . "  People think we 're all morbidly obese , walking around eating pizza , " she grumbles . "  We have 5Ks every weekend . When the production crew came here , I was like ` We have our teeth . We have master 's degrees . ' " Not everyone is so tough on the celebrity chef . Angela Harrison , a TV reviewer for the Huntington Herald-Dispatch , says the show does n't portray Huntington badly . Actually , she says , "  Oliver is very complimentary of Huntington and its people throughout the entire hour -- even when they give him a hard time . " Harrison says "  no one cuts him any slack " when Huntington residents learn about disparaging comments the Naked Chef made about them to British press . "  I personally think it 's the best moment of the show , " Harrison says . Oliver and his crew descended on Huntington in the fall of 2009 with the admittedly ambitious goal of redefining its residents ' relationship with food . His team spent five months consulting with cafeteria workers , coaching veggie-averse schoolchildren and opening up a community kitchen serving wholesome meals . "  The health statistics here are some of the most crippling and scary in the world , " Oliver says in a show promo , calling Huntington "  a dark place . " Oliver took on Huntington after successfully reforming the school meal system in the United Kingdom . In the UK , Oliver spearheaded a healthy school lunch campaign that persuaded the government there to allocate more than $ 400 million for the lunches . If the trailer can be trusted , he apparently assumed his résumé entitled him to a hero 's welcome and was stunned to discover skeptics who did n't share his revulsion to processed chicken nuggets . Oliver burst into tears after a hostile interview with a radio host who said , "  we do n't want to sit around and eat lettuce all day . " The trailer then cuts to a weeping Oliver : "  They do n't understand me , " he says , "  they do n't know why I 'm here . " To the contrary , Jacobs-Jones says , the city of Huntington already had anti-obesity programs in place when Oliver showed up . His presence only served to "  further the mission " by making healthy habits a popular conversation topic . "  We are creating a committee to evaluate how we can implement some of Jamie 's suggestions , " she adds diplomatically . Jacobs-Jones suspects the lasting result of Oliver 's extended stay might not be trimmer waistlines , but fattened city coffers . "  I firmly believe anything that puts us on the national forefront is good , " she says . "  We 're applying for a Google program right now , and maybe this will help . You never know . "	Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver takes on obesity in Huntington , West Virginia Jamie Oliver 's "  Food Revolution " set to debut on ABC on Sunday Spokeswoman says residents are exercising and eating better , but not because of Oliver
Tokyo  CNN  -- Caroline Kennedy , the U.S. Ambassador to Japan , visited Nagasaki on Tuesday , one of two Japanese cities on which the United States dropped atomic bombs during the final days of World War II . Kennedy , who took up the position of ambassador last month , toured the Nagasaki Atomic Bomb Museum and talked with survivors of the nuclear blast that devastated much of the city on August 9 , 1945 . In comments at the museum , she referenced her late father , former President John F. Kennedy . "  President Kennedy was very proud that he was able to start the process of nuclear disarmament , and all of our family shares the commitment , " she said . "  And President Obama also has been working very hard on this issue . " Caroline Kennedy laid a wreath at the Nagasaki Peace Park for the victims of the bombing , which is estimated to have killed as many as 80,000 people . She then participated in a tree-planting ceremony to mark the friendship between the United States and Japan . The bombing of Nagasaki took place three days after the United States had dropped an atomic bomb on the city of Hiroshima . That nuclear attack , which is estimated to have killed as many as 140,000 people , was the first use of an atomic bomb in warfare . Five days after the Nagasaki bombing , Japan agreed to surrender , ending the war . Caroline Kennedy , Japan and JFK 's legacy	Ambassador Caroline Kennedy tours the Nagasaki Atomic Bomb Museum She meets with survivors of the 1945 atomic bombing , which killed as many as 80,000 Kennedy says her family is committed to nuclear disarmament "  President Obama also has been working very hard on this issue , " she says
The world saw another side of Nepalese mountaineering in April last year when a brawl was reported between European climbers and Sherpas 22,000 feet up Mount Everest . Now Nepalese authorities plan to station security officials at the base of the world 's highest peak from the spring climbing season beginning in March . Up to nine officers from the police and army will be sent to the mountain to try to resolve conflicts on the spot rather than having to appeal to authorities in Kathmandu . "  The police will be the state 's representative at the mountain to verify incidents that have to be reported to the authorities , " said Dipendra Poudel , a mountaineering official . "  It 's -LSB- part of -RSB- our effort to make mountaineering respectable . " Mount Everest : By the numbers Confrontation with Sherpas The Swiss mountaineer Ueli Steck and the Italian Simone Moro were ascending Everest by a new route last April when they were reportedly confronted by a group of Sherpas laying ropes for other climbers who accused them of getting in the way . The Europeans said the Sherpas threatened and then attacked them , including throwing rocks . The Sherpas said the climbers had caused ice to drop on them and had ignored requests not to advance until the ropes had been laid . The issue was resolved after a meeting mediated by a Nepalese army official leading an expedition . With police at base camp , Nepalese liaison officers -- who accompany expeditions to ensure they abide by local laws -- will no longer have to report incidents at the nearest police station a seven-day trek away , said Gyanendra Shrestha , who has worked as such an officer . Beginning this year , the Nepalese government will also have a secretariat headed by a civilian at Everest base camp , to which security officials will report . "  We plan to have a meteorologist and communications expert at the secretariat , too , " Poudel said . Everest men : On top of the world in 1963 Mountain traffic jams While the quarrel between mountaineers and Sherpas made headlines in 2013 , Nepalese authorities came under fire in 2012 for allowing "  traffic jams " to build up on the mountain , allegedly contributing to accidents . There have been calls to restrict climbing permits to expert mountaineers , preventing novices from attempting the peak . "  We are looking into the basis for setting -LSB- the -RSB- criteria -LSB- for climbing -RSB- , " Poudel said . For the past several years , around 300 foreign climbers have attempted to ascend Everest each spring . To further regulate traffic , beginning this year the government has revised its royalty fees for climbing the mountain . Last year the fee went down from $ 25,000 per climber to $ 10,000 if there were more than seven in a team . The result was that climbers who did n't know each other clubbed together in "  artificial " teams to pay significantly lower royalties . But under new regulations , each foreign climber will pay a flat rate of $ 11,000 irrespective of the number of climbers . Poudel said it was hoped this would improve safety and make managing teams easier . Climbers recount deadly traffic jam on Everest	Security officers to be stationed at Everest to resolve disputes Last year "  brawl " took place on mountain between European climbers and Sherpas Flat rate climbing fee also hoped to improve safety
EW.com  -- "  New Year 's Eve , " a schlock ensemble love-o-rama timed for the season of easy good feeling , is a movie I often found myself laughing at in ridicule , and one that also gave me a lump in the throat . So I guess you could say I had a good time . The movie , like last year 's "  Valentine 's Day , " was written by Katherine Fugate and directed by Garry Marshall , and I can just imagine Marshall showing up on the set to basically shout seven words : " Action ! " " All right , everybody , overact ! " " Okay , cut ! " If you had to pick the cheesiest subplot , your head might explode . Is it Jon Bon Jovi as a rock star trying to win back the fiancÃ © e he dumped -- a superchef played by Katherine Heigl , who looks as if she can barely slice a pineapple ? Is it Ashton Kutcher as a smirk-aleck stuck on a grimy elevator with an agonizingly sincere backup singer  Lea Michele  ? Is it Hilary Swank as a Times Square exec who saves the dropping New Year 's Eve ball from mechanical failure ?  She calls ... Kominsky ! A repairman with funny Russian accent ! Or is it Robert De Niro as a dying man with a bucket-list wish so wispy that the entire anecdote seems designed to let De Niro shoot his scenes in less than an hour ? "  New Year 's Eve " is dunderheaded kitsch , but it 's the kind of marzipan movie that can sweetly soak up a holiday evening . EW.com rating : B - See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The movie , like last year 's "  Valentine 's Day , " was written by Katherine Fugate I often found myself laughing at in ridicule , and one that also gave me a lump in the throat It 's the kind of marzipan movie that can sweetly soak up a holiday evening
CNN  Charles Koch , the billionaire GOP donor whose money plays a big role in shaping Republican campaign efforts , said he plans to make criminal justice reform a priority of his as the country heads into the next presidential election . "  Over the next year , we are going to be pushing the issues key to this , which need a lot of work in this country , " Koch , a Kansas native , told the Wichita Eagle in a story published this weekend . "  And that would be freedom of speech , cronyism and how that relates to opportunities for the disadvantaged . " Koch 's comments might come as good news to Sen. Rand Paul , who 's made sentencing reform a major part of his agenda while he tries to appeal to nontraditional GOP voters ahead of a likely presidential bid . Gov. Chris Christie , who 's set to make his 2016 decision in the coming months , has been active in pushing for bail reform in New Jersey . And other prospective Republican 2016 candidates -- including Texas Gov. Rick Perry , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas -- have been supportive of sentencing reform for nonviolent drug offenders . Following the 2012 presidential loss , in which Republican nominee Mitt Romney won only 6 % support among African Americans and 27 % among Latinos , Republicans have been more vocal about making changes to the criminal justice system for nonviolent offenders -- an issue that resonates deeply within minority communities . Koch , according to the Kansas newspaper , said the criminal justice system needs reform "  especially for the disadvantaged " as well as changes to make it "  fair " and to make "  sentences more appropriate to the crime that has been committed . " His chief counsel , Mark Holden , said the tough-on-crime efforts by lawmakers in recent decades have disproportionately affected minorities . "  It definitely appears to have a racial angle , intended or not , " he said , according to the Wichita Eagle . Holden added that Koch also wants to address voting rights for former offenders and make it easier for nonviolent offenders to find employment after completing their sentences . Campaign observers pay close attention to the political interests of Koch and his brother , David . Political groups associated with the powerful duo spent $ 100 million on races in 2014 . According to the newspaper , Koch 's interest in criminal justice reform originated from a lengthy , expensive case defending his company , Koch Petroleum Group , against 97 felony indictments involving alleged environmental crimes at an oil refinery in the 1990s . All but six of the charges were ultimately dropped , and the case ended in a $ 10 million settlement .	GOP megadonor Charles Koch wants a bigger conversation on criminal justice reform Koch , and his brother David , are key players in the Republican donor class Some 2016 Republican presidential hopefuls have said they favor criminal justice reform
CNN  -- At five months pregnant , Jennifer Cramblett and her same-sex partner , Amanda Zinkon , learned that Cramblett had been inseminated with the wrong sperm , and that the donor was of a different race . Two years later , Cramblett and Zinkon are moms to a mixed race African-American girl named Payton , whom they love "  unconditionally . " But even that bond has n't been enough to protect them from the emotional and social challenges they admittedly , were not prepared for . "  There are things I do n't feel I have the background to even know . It is things we have to go out and research and talk to people and figure out how to do as simple as a daily chore of doing your hair , " Cramblett told CNN . Last week , Cramblett sued Midwest Sperm Bank with the goal to force them to change the policies that led to the mix-up and to obtain the funds her family needs to receive ongoing counseling and relocate to a more diverse community . The mix-up Cramblett said her "  shock " came when she called Midwest Sperm Bank in April 2012 to secure more vials for a second pregnancy . "  When I called to order that sperm and the vials , I asked them for  donor  380 and they came back on the line and said I do believe we have sent you donor number 330 , are you sure that 's not what you asked for ? " said Cramblett . "  They came back on the line and then had asked me if I had requested an African-American donor . At that point , I said no , 380 was blond-haired , blue-eyed , resembling my partner , Amanda . They said we believe 330 is an African-American donor . We can no longer talk to you anymore , " said Cramblett . The mix-up stemmed from Midwest Sperm Bank 's record-keeping procedures , according to a complaint filed in Circuit Court in Cook County , Illinois , where the company 's main office is located . The sperm bank 's records are kept manually , ink-on-paper , not electronically , according to the lawsuit . "  To the person who sent Jennifer vials of sperm in September , 2011 , the number ' 380 ' looked like ' 330 ' , " the complaint stated . CNN called Midwest Sperm Bank . A woman who answered the phone and refused to identify herself said , "  sorry , we have absolutely no comment . " CNN also reached out to the sperm bank 's attorney , Marc Groedel , and received no response . Attorney Scott Bakal , listed on the complaint , hung up the phone with a quick "  goodbye . " "  The basis of the lawsuit and why we are doing what we are doing is so that somebody is held accountable . This is n't going to happen to anybody else , " said Cramblett . Utah university investigates suspected sperm switch Lack of racial diversity in their town With the birth of Payton , Cramblett and Zinkon were confronted with raising their mixed race child in Uniontown , Ohio , a rural community south of Akron that , according to the last census , is 98 % white . Cramblett suffers from "  stress and anxiety " just thinking of Payton having to attend and all-white school and being "  stigmatized or unrecognized . " "  I want my child to be raised around people that maybe look like her , and unfortunately , we are not going to get all of those assets there in Uniontown , Ohio , " she said . "  We want her to grow up in a community where she feels accepted , feels like it 's normal to be who she is . " But in spite of their strong wish to relocate , Cramblett and Zinkon do n't have the financial means to do so , Cramblett 's attorney Timothy Misny told CNN . "  Uniontown is a wonderful town , wonderful people , but there are no biracial children and no mixed marriages . We need to relocate Jennifer and her family to a town that offers that type of diverse culture , " Misny said . And since the sperm bank is responsible for the mix-up , the bank should be held financially accountable , said Misny . "  We are asking they change policy so it never happens again , " Misny said . The lawsuit also seeks "  compensation to receive the kind of counseling they will need going forward , and also to relocate to an area that is more demographically in tune with their family , " he said . "  At times she  Cramblett  feels that she is underwater . She loves her child to death . But what she needs is assistance in handling it properly , " Misny said . Time-lapse video reveals secret life of an embryo , helps women conceive Cramblett received a refund from the bank for the insemination vials she purchased , but the bank kept the payment for the insemination procedure . In spite of the complicated legal means she has been forced to adopt , Cramblett said her daughter 's future is what 's really at stake . "  She 's going to know what she is and where she came from and how all this happened . She 's going to know that we love her unconditionally . Everybody around her loves her . So , I think she 's going to know why we did what we did . " 11 myths fertility doctors hear	Lawsuit seeks help relocating to more diverse community and counseling Moms love their daughter "  unconditionally " but face social challenges Family lives in almost all-white community in Ohio
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney on Sunday said his claim that enhanced interrogation techniques -- including waterboarding -- produced critical post-9 / 11 information was supported by a pair of intelligence reports released last week . Former VP Dick Cheney says enhanced interrogation techniques persuaded subjects "  to cooperate . " "  The enhanced interrogation techniques were absolutely essential in saving thousands of American lives , " he told "  Fox News Sunday . " However , the two dossiers that were declassified at Cheney 's request do not disclose what kinds of techniques were used to elicit the intelligence . The only method occasionally cited by the reports is a routine one -- using information from one detainee to gain details from another . The two reports surfaced as the latest ammunition in the debate over whether the use of controversial interrogation techniques like stress positions , wall slamming , and waterboarding -- considered torture by critics -- helped prevent terrorist attacks . Cheney said the reports prove that two top al Qaeda suspects , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and Abu Zubayda , "  were uncooperative at first . " But "  the application of enhanced interrogation techniques , specifically waterboarding -- especially in the case of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- is what really persuaded him he needed to cooperate , " Cheney said A U.S. government official with knowledge of the interrogation program told CNN that while the chronology is not spelled out in the two reports , Mohammed 's information became "  more voluminous and accurate " after he was exposed to waterboarding 183 times . The official declined to be identified because he was not authorized to speak on the subject . Zubaydah also talked more after being subjected to waterboarding , according to a third document -- a 2004 CIA inspector general 's report that was released last week . "  It is not possible to say definitively that the waterboard is the reason for Abu Zubaydah 's increased production , " says the report , "  or if another factor , such as the length of detention , was the catalyst . Since the use of the waterboard , however , Abu Zubaydah has appeared to be cooperative . " It also says that before his waterboarding , Mohammed provided little information . But the report is cautious on whether the enhanced interrogation techniques , or EITs , approved by the Bush administration helped the interrogation program get results . "  There is no doubt the program has been effective , " the 2004 report says . "  Measuring the effect of the EITs , however , is a more subjective process and not without some concern . " The CIA report also does not say whether the techniques -- which have since been banned -- were the only way to get the detainees to talk . "  The effectiveness of particular interrogation techniques in eliciting information that might not otherwise have been obtained can not be so easily measured , " it says . And one of Zubydah 's interrogators , former FBI special agent Ali Soufan , told a Senate hearing in May that waterboarding him was unnecessary . Any useful information interrogators got from him either was or could have been produced without "  enhanced " techniques , he said . Soufan said Zubaydah stopped talking after CIA contractors took over and began using harsh techniques , which he testified were "  ineffective , slow and unreliable , and harmful to our efforts to defeat al Qaeda . " Zubaydah was subjected to waterboarding 83 times in August 2002 , according to Bush administration documents released in April ; Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times in March 2003 , according to the documents . U.S. authorities prosecuted Japanese officers who used waterboarding against American prisoners in World War II . But Bush administration lawyers argued the tactic did not violate U.S. laws against torture as long as interrogators had no intent to cause "  severe pain . " Cheney said in May that the interrogations were used only on "  hardened terrorists " after other efforts failed -- and "  in a few cases , that information could be gained only through tough interrogations . " And there was also time pressure , the U.S. official with knowledge of the interrogation program told CNN . "  Time was deemed to be of essence . There was fear of a pending attack " in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . "  Could you have gotten the information some other way ? We 'll never know , " said Peter Bergen , CNN terrorism analyst , who doubts the information divulged after waterboarding saved American lives . "  Did it really avert imminent terrorist attacks , according to these documents ? No , " he said . "  Khalid Sheikh Mohammed certainly revealed a lot of information after being waterboarded ... but it turns out these plots were just talk . " But Cheney said enhanced interrogations contributed to most of the successful arrests of al Qaeda members . "  I think they were directly responsible for the fact that for eight years we had no further mass casualty attacks against the United States , " he said Sunday . CNN 's Pam Benson and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Cheney says reports support claim that enhanced interrogation produced critical info Dossiers declassified this week do not specify techniques used to elicit intelligence Reports surface in debate over whether techniques helped prevent terrorist attacks Former VP says enhanced interrogations contributed to successful al Qaeda arrests
Egyptians head to the polls to vote for their next president on Monday and Tuesday . There will be just two candidates , Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Hamdeen Sabahi . Egypt had an election recently . So why are they having another one ? Egyptians are voting again because Mohamed Morsy -- Egypt 's first freely elected president -- was removed from power last year in a popular military coup . Morsy 's ouster last July was the culmination of a months-long petition campaign to remove him from office and days of mass demonstrations against the former Muslim Brotherhood leader . Critics accused Morsy of hijacking the 2011 revolution , pushing aside moderate and liberal voices , and botching Egypt 's already ailing economy . Morsy rejected the allegations and accused Egypt 's military backed establishment and Mubarak-era loyalist of undermining his presidency . In a remarkable reversal of fortune the man who removed Morsy from power - then army chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi - is now heavily favored to win the presidential election . Morsy and scores of fellow members of the Muslim Brotherhood are in prison facing a variety of charges . How will Muslim Brotherhood supporters vote ? The Muslim Brotherhood is not represented in the election , which is due in large part to an aggressive campaign by Egyptian authorities to eliminate the movement from Egypt 's political landscape . Despite initial promises of an inclusive transition to a democratically elected government , Egypt 's military backed interim government banned the Muslim Brotherhood last year and declared it a terrorist organization . Today most of the group 's leadership is either in jail , in hiding , or taking refuge outside Egypt . Both candidates - Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Hamdeen Sabahi - have promised to keep the Brotherhood out of Egyptian politics if elected president . The Strong Egypt Party - led by former Muslim Brotherhood leader Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh - has decided to boycott the vote . The ultra-conservative Salafist Nour Party supported the 2012 election of Mohamed Morsy but is now drawing criticism from Islamist groups for supporting candidate el-Sisi . What are the policies of each candidate ? Both candidates have generally remained vague on policy details , choosing instead to make populist promises that play well in television interviews . And , both promise to fix Egypt 's failing economy , though neither has detailed how they plan to create jobs , generate revenue , and cut costly food and fuel subsidies -- a move many fear will anger Egypt 's poor . El-Sisi vows to keep Egypt safe by continuing the "  war on terrorism , " a reference to the recent rise in low-level insurgent attacks against security forces . Critics fear el-Sisi will exploit that narrative to stifle free speech and continue a crackdown against dissent that has been sharply criticized by international rights groups . Sabahi promises to release what rights groups describe as thousands of political prisoners and ban a controversial protest law , which says groups of ten or more can not gather in public without prior government permission . Who is likely to win ? And will the winner finally bring stability to the country ? El-Sisi is heavily favored to win due in large part to widespread support from Egypt 's powerful establishment , which includes the military , the private and state media apparatus , and Egypt 's political and financial elite . El-Sisi also has popular support from Egyptians who see him as the man who saved Egypt from a Morsy presidency that was perceived by many to be pursing an Islamist agenda . Less certain , however , is whether the next president can bring stability to Egypt , and lure back millions of tourists who have stayed away due to more than three years of political unrest . To establish stability Egypt 's next president must make tangible improvements to the economy , improve security , and address mounting criticism from rights groups and pro-democracy activists who fear a return to a Mubarak-era style police state . How will the election result affect the region and the rest of the world ? The outcome of the vote will likely bolster Egypt 's relations with key allies Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , and United Arab Emirates -- Gulf states that poured in billions of dollars in funding to support the Egyptian government after the ouster of former President Morsy . Relations with Qatar and Turkey -- staunch supporters of Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood -- will remain tense . The United States and Western powers will likely continue to voice concern about Egypt 's alleged human rights violations but will continue relations as long as Egypt honors its peace treaty with Israel and is n't viewed as a disruptive force in an already volatile region . An el-Sisi presidency would be a potential blow to pro-democracy movements in other Arab states who hoped the 2011 Arab Spring would mark the end of regimes led military strongmen .	There are just two candidates in Egypt 's presidential election , with polling due on May 26 , 27 Ex-general Abdel Fattah el-Sisi faces left-leaning politician Hamdeen Sabahi The election follows last year 's ouster of Muslim Brotherhood President Mohamed Morsy CNN 's Reza Sayah says both candidates have generally remained vague on policy details
CNN  -- Manchester United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar will retire from football at the end of the season , he announced Thursday . The 40-year-old former Dutch international has been at Old Trafford since 2005 , winning three English Premier League titles and helping them to their Champions League triumph in 2008 . Van der Sar began his professional career with Ajax Amsterdam , helping them to the Champions League in 1995 . He subsequently had a spell in Italy with Juventus before joining United 's fellow Premier League side Fulham . "  It 's been coming for a while , " van der Sar told the official Manchester United website . "  After playing for so many years , you reach a point where you have to make a decision . "  There are a couple of things to consider -- whether you still have an appetite for it , your family . Van der Sar 's wife Annemarie collapsed with a brain haemorrhage in December 2009 and he admitted that retirement had been "  playing on my mind " since that health scare . Van der Sar , whose brilliant save from Nicolas Anelka clinched their penalty shootout win over Chelsea in the 2008 Champions League final in Moscow , has remained in fine form during United 's unbeaten start to the season . But he said he wanted to out out at the top . "  You ca n't play Superman into your 40s , " he added . "  It 's a mutual decision  with manager Alex Ferguson  that this season was the last . When I first came here I was just happy to sign a two-year contract . "  I wanted to win the league before I retired . I was lucky to achieve a little bit more than that . " Van der Sar won a record 130 Dutch caps before announcing his international retirement at the end of the 2008 season .	Edwin van der Sar to retire from football at the end of the current season Van der Sar has helped Manchester United win three English Premier League titles He claimed the Champions League with first club Ajax and with United in 2008 Van der Sar won a record 130 Dutch caps
CNN  -- Searchers looking for the airplane that slammed into the side of a tree-covered Alaskan mountainside earlier this month could n't detect an emergency locator signal after the impact damaged the craft 's transmitter , according to a federal report released on Wednesday . The National Transportation Safety Board issued a preliminary report about the August 9 accident that killed five people , including former Sen.Ted Stevens , R-Alaska , and injured four others . "  No emergency locator transmitter  ELT  signal was detected during the aerial search , " the report said , "  Examination of the wreckage revealed that the ELT had separated from its mounting bracket during impact , and the antenna cable was found separated from the ELT . " Weather conditions at the time of the accident were "  not known , " the report said , but Alaska Air National Guard rescuers were hampered by poor weather and terrain -- slogging for hours through rain , fog and wind to reach the rugged mountainside in southwestern Alaska . The closest weather reporting station , at Dillingham Airport , about 18 miles south of the accident site , reported light rain and mist in cloudy and overcast conditions , with winds gusting to more than 26 mph just 10 minutes after the accident took place . "  At the time of the accident , marginal visual meteorological conditions were reported at the Dillingham Airport , " the report said . The four survivors included Willy Phillips Jr. , 13 . His father , former Stevens staffer Bill Phillips Sr. , was among the five people killed in the crash . The other survivors were former NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe and his 19-year-old son , Kevin , and Jim Moorhard of Alexandria , Virginia . Along with Stevens , 86 , and Bill Phillips , the others who died were pilot Terry Smith , 62 , of Eagle River , Alaska ; Dana Tindall , 48 , of Anchorage , Alaska ; and Corey Tindall , 16 , of Anchorage , Alaska . Autopsies on the five victims found the deaths were the result of blunt force trauma , injuries consistent with this type of crash , state officials said . The report said the de Havilland DHC-3T Otter -- a single-engine , turbine-powered , amphibious float-equipped craft -- "  sustained substantial damage " when it crashed about 10 miles northeast of Aleknagik about 2:45 p.m. Alaska Daylight Time . it said the airplane was registered to and operated by General Communication Corporation in Anchorage and the flight "  originated from a GCI-owned remote fishing lodge on the southwest shoreline of Lake Nerka " about 2:30 p.m. . It was headed to a "  remote sport fishing camp on the banks of the Nushagak River , located about 52 miles southeast of the lodge . " No flight plan had been filed . A GCI representative said the pilot telephoned people at the camp to say the plane would arrive there , but a couple of hours later the plane had not arrived . "  The GCI lodge manager then initiated a phone and radio search to see if the airplane had diverted to Dillingham , Alaska or if it was en route back to the GCI lodge . Unable to locate the airplane , GCI lodge personnel initiated an aerial search along the pilot 's anticipated route , " the report said . Volunteers flying planes and helicopters joined in the search . About 8:05 p.m. , air searchers spotted the wreckage "  along the anticipated flight route , about 900 feet above mean sea level in the Muklung Hills , in steep , heavily wooded terrain , about 19 miles southeast of the GCI lodge . " Searchers reached the accident site by helicopter and "  confirmed that the pilot and four passengers died at the scene , and four passengers sustained serious injuries . " More rescue crew members were prevented from reaching the site at the time by "  poor weather and dark night conditions " But the next morning , Coast Guard and Air National Guard helicopters evacuated everyone from the site .	Report on August 9 crash says searchers detected no locator signal A former senator died in the crash near Dillingham , Alaska Nearest weather station reported gusts , rain , mist The plane crashed in rugged Alaskan terrain en route to fishing camp
CNN  -- Want to go out on a limb for your next vacation -- literally ? Once the sole province of young boys and Ewoks , tree houses offer adventurous travelers  read : unafraid of heights  a unique travel experience in an age of roadside motel chains and globe-stretching hotel corporations . Building a hotel in the treetops is hardly a new idea : Brazil 's Ariau Amazon Towers Hotel has been inviting guests to explore the jungle canopy from its rooms since the mid-1980s . But the concept has blossomed ; today you 'll find them everywhere from Massachusetts to China . Better yet , this new breed is more than just planks of wood nailed to an old oak . Head to South Africa 's Tsala Treetop Lodge , in Plettenberg Bay , and you 'll find infinity pools and fireplaces . Modern tree houses present a rare opportunity to drive past the McResort and break free of travel 's predicable stops and well-traveled routes . Up in the leaves , you 'll find something unique and exceptional -- surely the reward of any good journey . 20 of the world 's most outstanding places Tree House Lodge , LimÃ ³ n , Costa Rica Why it 's unique : The highlight of this 10-acre beachfront property , within the Gandoca-Manzanillo Wildlife Refuge on Costa Rica 's southern Caribbean coast , is a sustainably built tree-house made from fallen trees , with solar heating , two bedrooms , a kitchen , and a shower built around the crooks and roots of a massive 100-year-old Sangrillo tree . Access : Hanging steel bridge . What to do : Snorkel or kayak off the nearby Punta Uva Beach . Travel + Leisure : World 's coolest futuristic buildings Treehotel , Harads , Sweden Why it 's unique : Leading Swedish architects gave the backyard staple a strange futuristic makeover at the Treehotel outside Harads village  population : 600  . Perched four to six meters above the ground , each of five treetop suites has its own look , whether resembling a bird 's nest , a flying saucer or a construction of Lego blocks . The most ingenious suite has a mirrored exterior , reflecting the forest on all six sides . Access : Ramp , bridge , or  if you 're lucky  electric stairs . What to do : Pursue the Northern Lights by dog-sled ride or snowshoe hike through the Lule River Valley in winter , or go fishing and kayaking in summer . Travel + Leisure : World 's most unusual hotels Playa Viva , Juluchuca , Mexico Why it 's unique : The eco-friendly Playa Viva north of Acapulco on Mexico 's Pacific Coast features three tree-house casitas completely built with sustainable materials . Each has a bedroom and full porch for dining and lounging , and the master development plan calls for a beach club , lounge and a 40-room boutique hotel , plus solar-generated electricity and hot water . Access : Series of stairs , ramps , and bridges . What to do : Tour the resort 's 200 acres , 80 percent of which is a private nature preserve . The Aviary , Lenox , Massachusetts Why it 's unique : Located on 22 acres of parkland designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , the two-story Aviary tree-house is housed in a former aviary at Wheatleigh , a sprawling 1893 "  summer cottage " in the Berkshire Mountains . The luxury suite features a limestone wet room with an antique soaking tub , circular stairs leading to the second-floor sleeping quarters in the trees and a Bang & Olufsen entertainment system . Access : Ground-floor entrance . What to do : Sample the season 's bounty in Wheatleigh 's elegant Dining Room restaurant , or poke around the historic area 's local galleries , antique shops , and museums . Travel + Leisure : World 's coolest ferris wheels Hinchinbrook Island Resort , Hinchinbrook Island , Australia Why it 's unique : Hinchinbrook , a 96-acre national park with lush rainforests , rugged mountains , and coarse sandy beaches , has just one option for accommodations : the Island Resort , a secluded hideaway with 15 roomy tree-house bungalows , each with floor-to-ceiling glass windows , small kitchen , private balcony and bath , and easy beachfront access . Access : Winding timber boardwalks . What to do : Stroll one of the island 's 11 secluded beaches , and in the evening relax at the Island Resort 's bar . World 's best airport hotels Tsala Treetop Lodge , Plettenberg Bay , South Africa Why it 's unique : Overlooking the Tsitsikamma Forest , this high-design stone-and-glass lodge counts 10 secluded tree-house suites , each with floor-to-ceiling bedroom windows , a log fireplace in the living room , a private deck , and an infinity-edge pool . Access : Wooden walkways . What to do : Explore South Africa 's Garden Route , which winds along the botanically rich Western Cape , or relax on the beach at nearby Plettenberg Bay . Chewton Glen , Hampshire , UK Why it 's Unique : Six private tree houses , with two stately suites in each , are on the 130-acre grounds of Chewton Glen in the Hampshire countryside near New Forest National Park . Floor-to-ceiling windows offer panoramic canopy views , as does a spacious outdoor terrace , with a hot tub and daybeds , 35 feet above ground . Heated timber and marble floors encourage bare feet . Access : Gangplanks lead the way to these floating suites . What to do : After breakfast  a chef-prepared hamper delivered to your tree house  explore the English countryside via walking trails , horseback , or kayak . Check out more of the world 's coolest tree-house hotels here . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	These days you 'll find tree houses everywhere from Massachusetts to South Africa The Aviary is located on Massachusetts parkland designed by Frederick Law Olmsted A South African tree house hotel overlooks the Tsitsikamma Forest
China is known for chasing superlatives -- now it can add marathon train journeys to its growing list of unparalleled achievements . On December 9 , a Chinese freight train , dubbed Yixin ` ou , completed a journey of epic proportions : more than 13,000 kilometers , snaking across eight countries and lasting a total of 21 days , making it the longest continuous train ride in the world . The train set off from Yiwu in eastern China on November 18 , chugging its way through Kazakhstan , Russia , Belarus , Poland , Germany and France , before ending its journey in Spain 's capital , Madrid . The train carried 30 containers full of toys , stationery and other items . It 'll bring back Spanish products , including wine , olive oil and cured hams , in an effort the Spanish hope will expand their trade footprint in China . Spanish Minister of Public Works and Transport Ana Pastor called the journey "  a major milestone for the rail industry . " The trip was a test run to gauge the possibility of establishing regular service between China and Spain to boost bilateral trade . Madrid Mayor Ana Botella Serrano dubbed it the "  Silk Road of the 21st century . " Regular train services between China and Germany already exist , connecting Chongqing with Duisburg , and Beijing with Hamburg . Earlier this year , Chinese President Xi Jinping announced a Silk Road Fund , part of which will be dedicated to developing trade infrastructure across the Asia-Pacific region .	Yixin ` ou , a Chinese freight train , completed the world 's longest train journey The 21-day train trip left China in November and spanned eight countries , completing its run in Spain The journey was a test run for regular cargo service between China and Spain
Delaram , Afghanistan  CNN  -- U.S. Marines stand under the blazing sun at Camp Bastion airfield waiting for their ride to take them far beyond the perimeter fence . Wearing body armor and weapons , they dump their helmets and bags in the dirt and look out onto one of Afghanistan 's busiest runways . A $ 25 million Harrier jet flies past , leaving the roar of its engine in its wake , while a C-130 Hercules touches down to pick up troops and cargo . An Osprey aircraft -- half helicopter , half plane -- hovers in the distance before landing to join the dozen other Ospreys sitting on the tarmac . Read more : U.S. surge over as last of extra troops exit A Sikorsky then comes into view . The helicopter invented by a Russian-American is older than the other military hardware on the runway but it 's reliable and gets the job done . As it approaches the apron of the runway , the draft blows the dirt straight into the faces of the Marines . They do n't turn their backs to the assault of sand , dirt and gravel but hold their ground and stare right into it -- a display of Marine toughness that could come in handy in the mission ahead . They 're headed to Nimroz province , where the insurgency is growing stronger by the day . Opinion : Green-on-blue attacks show there 's no easy way out As I stand there wondering if all these Marines will return from their tour in the badlands of southwest Afghanistan , a lanky 19-year-old soldier with a buzz cut strolls by and strikes up a conversation . He tells me he was in the third grade in Minnesota when the September 11 attacks occurred . "  I grew up watching the war in Afghanistan on CNN , and I knew I wanted to come here and fight for my country , " he says . We 've come to the front line of this war to see the transfer of power that is under way between U.S. and Afghan forces . But a spate of so-called "  green on blue " attacks -- Afghan soldiers or police attacking U.S. and other international forces -- has caused serious alarm for U.S. and ISAF troops , and the transition process has been fast tracked . Read more : U.S. restricts Afghan ops after ` green-on-blue ' killings The Marines have sent us to Delaram , at the crossroads of Helmand , Nirmroz and Farah provinces , to show how joint patrols are still happening , despite NATO 's orders to suspend many of the operations . As we touch down in this dusty , desolate landscape , it quickly becomes apparent the Marines are no longer training the Afghans . They 've handed over the reins of this outpost to the Afghan National Army  ANA  and the 28 Marines who remain here are working in an "  advisory " role , marking off the days on the calendar until they are scheduled to go home for Christmas . While everyone lives inside the massive compound , the two camps are divided by high barbed-wire fences , with several hundred meters of land between them . The Marines and Afghans live , eat and sleep separately . They only come together and mix on common ground where the central command headquarters is located . A Marine introduces me to the man in charge -- Gen. Abdul Wasea Milad from the ANA . The former Mujahadeen fighter is leading 5,000 Afghan soldiers from the Iranian border east to Kajaki -- some of the most dangerous territory in the country . He 's just returned from a 10-day trip visiting many of his outposts , driving hundreds of kilometers along Highway One . It 's a journey the Americans would n't even consider doing by road because of all the improvised explosive devices , or IEDs , planted daily by insurgents . When I ask the general about the dangers he faces , he just laughs and tells me : "  This is Afghanistan . My men sweep the roads for landmines every morning , so they 're fine to travel on during the day . It 's when we sleep that the Taliban puts them out again . " While standing in Wasea 's office , a soldier informs him of a report of a suspected IED outside the local police headquarters . He takes us in his Humvee to the site about three kilometers  two miles  beyond the wire from Camp Delaram . The Americans are not accompanying us . They have no desire to leave the fortified compound , as they explain this is now an Afghan operation . Lt. Jan Mohammad , who has been with the ANA for the past two years , is leading the mission . He and another solider are carrying a metal detector , a block of C4 explosive , detonators and a drag rope . The site is off the main highway on a dirt road leading to a village . We walk in single file , aware of every single step , in case there are other mines that have been laid under the surface . The soldier sweeping the road suddenly stops when his equipment starts beeping -- a sign it 's picked up something possibly very dangerous . We all crouch down and he gently picks at the earth . After a painstaking search he declares there 's nothing there and we move on . Soldiers armed with M4 machine guns stand above us on the dusty hill watching in case there 's an ambush . A local villager on a motorcycle attempts to drive in our direction . The soldiers point their weapons and yell out a warning , telling the driver to head off in another direction . Suicide bombings are also a common tactic for the Taliban , and these soldiers are only too aware of the dangers that now face them . We reach the site and Lt. Mohammad takes over . The 30-year-old officer earns less than $ 300 a month , risking his life every day to disable these deadly devices . I ask how much experience he has , and he tells me : "  It 's not my first time . I have defused 70 IEDs in Kajaki in seven days when I was there with the Marines . " When I ask him why he does this dangerous line of work he replies : "  If I lose my life it would n't be a problem . But if others die while I am doing this then I would feel bad because I do n't want others to die . This is my job -- to save my people from the risk of these IEDs . " As he lies on his stomach assessing the area , he digs with his hands to remove the earth . He slowly stands up and sweeps the metal detector over and over again , making sure he identifies the exact spot before lying back in the dirt to continue digging . After 20 minutes , he stands up and declares the site is clear explaining the Taliban must have removed the IED after it had been reported to the police , or a local came and took it to claim the $ 100 reward . As we walk back to the Humvee I ask Lt. Mohammad how he feels about the U.S.-led coalition pulling out of Afghanistan by 2014 . He says : "  It would n't make a difference to me if they leave because it is my country and I will keep doing my job . "	Coalition forces engaged in transition of power to Afghan National Army  ANA But spate of so-called "  green on blue " attacks on coalition troops has hastened the process Lt. Jan Mohammad risks his life serving in the ANA for $ 300 per month He says the coalition withdrawal means nothing to him ; he still has to do his duty
North and South Korea exchanged fire Friday after gunners in the North targeted balloons carrying leaflets critical of the country 's reclusive regime , the South Korean Defense Ministry said . North Korean gunners fired anti-aircraft rounds at the balloons for 20 minutes , and some of the shots landed on South Korean soil , the ministry said . After a warning , South Korea responded with a 40 rounds from a heavy machine gun , the ministry said . South Korean activists released the balloons filled with fliers critical of the North on Monday , the Defense Ministry said . The exchange is the latest in a series of similar incidents between the two countries , the most recent of which came Tuesday , when patrol boats from North Korea and South Korea exchanged fire in the Yellow Sea , according to the South Korean Defense Ministry . It also comes amid tentative diplomatic overtures by North Korea and continuing intrigue over the status of the country 's leader , Kim Jung Un , who has not been seen publicly for more than a month . Kim Jong Un misses shrine visit A North Korean official said last week that the country was ready to resume negotiations over the country 's nuclear efforts with Russia , the United States , China , Japan and South Korea . High-ranking Pyongyang officials also visited South Korea on Saturday , saying the North was willing to hold a new round of diplomatic talks between the two countries . North Korea has also reached out to the European Union . Ri Tong Il , the North Korean deputy ambassador to the United Nations , said Tuesday that North Korea and the European Union would hold human rights talks at the end of the year . Why has North Korea decided to talk now ? Kim 's disappearance from public view has also stoked discussion about who is leading the country and what 's next . He missed a ceremony Friday in honor of his late father and grandfather on the 69th anniversary of one of the most powerful institutions in North Korean life , the Workers ' Party of North Korea . Kim , 31 , who first appeared as the North 's top leader in 2010 , has not been seen publicly since September 3 , according to NK News . Is Kim Jong Un 's sister in charge ?	North , South Korea exchange fire after North opens up on balloons with anti-aircraft guns The balloons carried leaflets critical of the North , South Korean Defense Ministry says The exchange comes amid continuing speculation over the fate of the North 's missing leader North Korea has also made some diplomatic overtures in recent days
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has issued a posthumous apology for the "  appalling " treatment of Alan Turing , the British code-breaker who was chemically castrated for being gay . A portrait of Alan Turing is currently on display at the National Portrait Gallery 's "  Gay Icons " exhibition . The apology came after more than 30,000 people signed an online petition on the UK Government Web site calling for the government to recognize the "  tragic consequences of prejudice that ended this man 's life and career . " Turing was just 41 years old when he committed suicide , two years after undergoing a court-ordered chemical castration . He had been found guilty of gross indecency for having a homosexual relationship . The punishment in 1952 was either a prison sentence or chemical castration . Turing chose the latter . In a statement on the British Government Web site , Prime Minister Gordon Brown acknowledged Turing 's "  outstanding " contribution during World War II . "  He truly was one of those individuals we can point to whose unique contribution helped to turn the tide of war , " he wrote , adding , "  The debt of gratitude he is owed makes it all the more horrifying , therefore , that he was treated so inhumanely . " Turing is considered one of Britain 's greatest mathematicians , a genius who is credited with inventing the Bombe , a code-breaking machine that deciphered messages encoded by German Enigma machines during World War II . He went on to develop the Turing machine , a theory that automatic computation can not solve all mathematical problems , which is considered the basis of modern computing . Last month , the curious lack of public recognition for Turing 's contribution to the war effort and computing in general motivated computer programmer John Graham-Cumming to campaign on his behalf . The author of the "  Geek Atlas , " a travel guide for technology enthusiasts , started an online petition , and soon attracted high-profile signatories including scientist Richard Dawkins , actor Stephen Fry , author Ian McEwan and philosopher A.C. Grayling . "  I was surprised by both the number of people who signed and the fast response from the government , " Graham-Cumming told CNN . He said the Prime Minister had called him personally to relay news of the apology . Stories about calls for a British apology were carried in newspapers in France , Switzerland , Spain , Austria , Portugal Poland and the Czech Republic . Supporters set up an international petition which attracted more than 10,000 signatures .	Online petition calling for apology for Alan Turing elicits response from UK PM Gordon Brown issues statement apologizing for his "  appalling " treatment Turing committed suicide two years after undergoing chemical castration Best known for decoding messages from German Enigma machines in WWII
CNN  -- This past Sunday 's "  60 Minutes " and the latest issue of Newsweek bring back to the fore the complicated issue of money and politics . Both highlight a new book by Peter Schweizer , "  Throw Them All Out , " which rails against what Schweizer calls "  honest graft . " Schweizer charges that leaders from both houses of Congress have been drawing on insider knowledge to make money in the stock market -- a practice that is banned in American industry and restricted in other sectors of government . And although he is a conservative at the Hoover Institution , Schweizer is an equal opportunity scourge , attacking both Democratic and Republican leaders . Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Republican speaker John Boehner have fired back , asserting that Schweizer has misrepresented them and they have done nothing wrong . Until competent legal authorities investigate , both deserve the benefit of the doubt . The public does , of course , deserve a more thorough airing of the facts . Equally important , Congress ought to have rules about conflicts of interest that are as demanding as those for people who work in the executive and judicial branches ; so far , Congress skates free . But whatever the rebuttals from Capitol Hill , this controversy underscores a deepening sense that money plays far too large a role in politics . If anything unites the tea party and the Occupy Wall Street protesters , surely it is the sense that the system is rigged in favor of big shots in Washington and against little guys back home . Money is at the heart of it . A new book that should receive far more attention makes an even more sweeping and thoroughly researched case against money in politics -- "  Republic , Lost : How Money Corrupts Congress -- and a Plan to Stop It , " by Harvard law professor Lawrence Lessig . The author is a man of many parts : Lessig made his name as a legal theorist in issues surrounding new technologies , but he also has a keen interest in politics . He was the youngest member of the Pennsylvania delegation that nominated Ronald Reagan at the Republican convention in 1980 , clerked for conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , and later endorsed his friend and former University of Chicago Law School colleague Barack Obama for president . Lessig , who lately has been working to organize a movement for a new constitutional convention , is disillusioned with both right and left and blasts away at them for essentially selling the republic out . But his charge is not that politicians in Washington are taking money on the side , à la Spiro "  Pass the Bags " Agnew . He doubts much of that goes on today . Rather , he is deeply troubled by what he calls "  dependence corruption " -- the degree to which politicians have become dependent on money from lobbyists in order to pay for their campaigns , and the ways in which that dependence has increasingly distorted public policy in ways that do serious harm to the country , while also  and just as perniciously  undermining public trust . His argument is wide-ranging and impossible to do justice to in a brief column . But a few of the most striking facts he marshals are worth recognizing . Among them : -- The cost of getting elected to Congress has exploded : from 1974 to 2008 , Lessig notes , the average cost of a re-election campaign ballooned from $ 56,000 to more than $ 1.3 million , a more than twentyfold increase that far outpaces inflation . -- Fundraising is a constant concern : Candidates have to spend between 30 % and 70 % of their time raising money .  Lobbyists , however can ease this pressure through many kinds of what Lessig calls "  legislative subsidies " -- advice , research , support , and most of all , campaign cash . -- The revolving door between Congress and lobbyists is spinning faster : In the 1970s , just 3 % of retiring members of Congress went into lobbying . But by 2004 , in the previous seven years more than half of all senators and 42 percent of House members had made the switch . -- The incentives for lobbying are clear . A 2009 paper found , for example , that firms get between $ 6 and $ 20 back for every $ 1 they invest in lobbying for tax benefits . With regard to taxes and regulation , Lessig 's observations are particularly sharp . Business leaders argue , for example , that they are not investing as much as they might in new jobs because they face so much uncertainty that they do n't know what to expect from the government from one year to the next . Many citizens are likewise baffled by some regulations and , especially , the tax code : Why is it so massive , so confusing , sometimes so seemingly wasteful and preferential ? Lessig 's explanation is that this complexity and uncertainty is no accident , and that 's because politicians in Washington have an interest in keeping business guessing and the rest of us confused . Pass a tax law for five years and lobbyists wo n't need to come around with contributions for a long time ; make it a one-year law and they 'll be back next week . Likewise , keep the code incomprehensible , and the voters wo n't know if they 're getting hosed . Those are fascinating insights . One of Lessig 's heroes is Henry David Thoreau , and he likes to quote the American philosopher as saying , "  There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root . " Lessig sees the role of money in politics as the root of the country 's current ills , from health care to education to the economy . He also thinks it explains why the parties appear to have grown closer in economic ideology -- where the concentrated corporate lobbying money is -- while growing more polarized in social ideology , for which more extreme viewpoints yield a bigger haul . He is quick to note that this corruption is "  not the product of evil " -- it leads to "  great harm , " but is the result of "  no bin Laden . " Without "  great evil , " Lessig reflects , he is "  not yet sure that we can muster the will to fight . " That 's a deep concern , and it calls to mind the memorable formulation of the economist Charles Schultze , who once divided our problems into two categories : a wolf at the door , or termites in the basement . As a nation , we 've always been a lot better at handling the first than the second . But if Lessig is right about the campaign finance system , it 's a major case of termites in the basement -- and addressing it will require more than simply throwing all the bums out . In Lessig 's view , it may require laying a whole new section of our foundation instead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Book alleges Pelosi , Boehner , other political leaders benefit from insider trading Gergen , Zuckerman : Whether allegations are true or not , money plays huge role in politics Writers cite new book that argues lobbyists ' money permeates and corrupts Congress Writers : Fundraising , paying cost of running for office : Money drives our democracy
Bartow , Florida  CNN  -- After more than three decades in prison , a Florida man was set free Thursday after a DNA test showed he did not kidnap and rape a 9-year-old boy in 1974 . "  I 'm not angry , " James Bain , 54 , told reporters after a brief hearing in Bartow , Florida . Bain was 19 when he was convicted on charges of kidnapping , burglary and strong-arm rape . He received a life sentence . He 's going home for the first time in 35 years . "  I got God in my head , " said Bain , surrounded by supporters and wearing a T-shirt with "  Not Guilty " across the front . "  I knew one day he will reveal me . " Of the 245 people in the United States whom DNA testing has exonerated , none has spent more time behind bars than Bain , according to the Innocence Project , a national organization dedicated to exonerating wrongfully convicted people through such testing . In 2001 , Florida passed a statute allowing cases to be reopened for DNA testing . Bain submitted handwritten motions four times seeking such testing but was denied each time . His fifth attempt was successful after an appeals court ruled he was entitled to a hearing . Bain initially was expected to be freed with some conditions as the state wanted a further review of DNA test results . But the review was completed ahead of Thursday 's hearing . Polk County State Attorney Jerry Hill told the judge that DNA testing had excluded Bain from the crime . "  He 's just not connected with this particular incident , " Hill said . "  Mr. Bain , I 'm now signing the order , sir , " the judge said , referring to an order vacating the judgment and sentence . "  You are a free man . Congratulations , " he said , and the courtroom erupted into applause . In 1974 , the 9-year-old Lake Wales , Florida , victim had told police that his attacker had bushy sideburns and a mustache . After being shown five photos of potential suspects , the victim picked out one of Bain , the police report said . The victim , now 44 , lives in Florida and was made aware of Bain 's situation , according to multiple sources . Speaking to reporters Thursday , Bain said he was going home with family . "  I 'm going to see my mom , " he said . His mother , Sarah Reed , has been in and out of hospitals in recent years . She said she is putting her house and her car in her son 's name . "  I want him to have something by himself . He 's suffered enough , " she said . Asked about prison , Bain said , "  So many things can happen to you at any time . " But now , "  I guess I kind of feel like when they first landed on the moon . We have touchdown , " he said , laughing . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	"  You are a free man . Congratulations , " judge tells James Bain Bain imprisoned for 35 years in abduction and rape of a 9-year-old Florida boy DNA testing excluded Bain from crime , authorities say His case was reopened after his fifth request to use DNA evidence
CNN  -- An infant falls to his death from a second-story window while his parents are making love . The mother  Charlotte Gainsbourg  is consumed with grief and guilt . She 's hospitalized and sedated for days and weeks before her husband  Willem Dafoe  , a therapist , insists she return home . He gets rid of all her medications . He will be her partner and her grief counselor , and he will see her through this , if only she will place her trust in him . Not a good idea for either of them , as it turns out . Halloween is nearly upon us , but "  Antichrist " is a mighty strange kind of horror movie , a wrenching psychodrama for two-thirds of its running time before collapsing into a steaming heap of deranged sadism and supernatural symbolism in the outrageous third act . The movie 's peculiarity can be accounted for in three words : Lars von Trier . The Danish provocateur twice won prestigious honors at the Cannes Film Festival  with "  Breaking the Waves " and "  Dancer in the Dark "  and re-energized European art cinema in the 1990s with the Dogme movement 's so-called "  Vows of Chastity . " It 's not often that an art-house director takes up the implements to make a horror film , and for a while , "  Antichrist " compels with its anguished intensity and audacious stylistic choices , not least the severity that keeps the focus exclusively on this man and woman , neither of whom is named . The prologue -- the child 's death -- is a luxurious , slow-motion rhapsody of explicit sex , black-and-white photography and baroque music , commingling with the infant 's almost ersatz tragedy and finding perfunctory counterpoint in banal close-ups of the family 's washer-dryer .  There may be a deliberate echo here of the famous sex scene in Nicolas Roeg 's "  Do n't Look Now , " a far more keenly calibrated examination of grief succumbing to the supernatural . Dafoe and Gainsbourg are riveting as the ill-matched couple . He 's an implacable rationalist , urging her to confront her fears and venture into the darkest recesses of her psyche . She 's not sure he 's ready to share that torment with her . Their bitter , sometimes sourly funny back-and-forth fleetingly echoes the railing , pugnacious and remorseful men and women we find again and again in Strindberg and Bergman . Of course , when those great Scandinavian dramatists wanted to shock us with the ferocity of the battle of the sexes and show a married couple going at it tooth and nail , their only weapons were words . Mindful that he 's up against "  Hostel , " "  Saw " and the like , Herr von Trier ups the ante considerably . Hiking to a log cabin in the mountains to uncover the apex of his wife 's fears  it could be anywhere , but let 's imagine we 're in the neighborhood of Burkittsville  , the doctor 's little experiment in exposure therapy ends in crushed genitals and , uh , worse . Much worse . It 's safe to say von Trier knows this climax is over the top : "  Chaos reigns ! " announces a fox , in perfect English , just as the movie goes off the deep end . Chaos reigns all right , and Gainsbourg 's traumatized mom is transformed nonsensically into a raving psycho witch-bitch . This director has often been accused of misogyny for the punishments that befall his heroines -- spuriously , in my opinion . But this time the boot is on the other foot , and for once the charge seems to stick ; no matter that the first half of the movie suggests Dafoe 's smug therapist is due for a comeuppance . Apparently someone had a seizure when the movie showed at the New York Film Festival recently . When I caught up with it at the Vancouver International Film Festival two weeks ago , the screening was punctuated with the single loudest shriek I 've ever heard in the theatre -- that would have been when Gainsbourg gets out the scissors for a spot of ad hoc auto-surgery . There also was a very vociferous walk-out : a gentleman who fairly barked "  You get what you pay for , folks " as he made for the exit a full 20 minutes before the end . That unhappy camper had a point . Either von Trier is barking up the wrong tree , or he 's pandering to the basest instincts of an audience that 's seen it all before and still demands more , more , more . Beautifully shot by Anthony Dod Mantle and acted with raw conviction , "  Antichrist " is a calamitous atrocity from a major filmmaker , nothing more and nothing less . If you do n't believe me , go ask the talking fox . "  Antichrist " is not rated and runs 104 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  Antichrist " has met with vitriolic reaction at film festivals Lars von Trier film stars Willem Dafoe , Charlotte Gainsbourgh as troubled couple Horror goes from moody to over-the-top and graphic To CNN.com 's Tom Charity , the film is a "  calamitous atrocity "
Washington  CNN  -- It is a lesson from the ages : Lawmakers like to talk . Even in this advanced age when thoughtlets , capped at 140 characters , are tweeted as discourse , politicians still tend to prattle on . So here 's a cue from Abraham Lincoln : Cut it short . When Lincoln took the stage , 150 years ago November 19 , to offer a dedication at a cemetery for war dead in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , the story goes that he was n't very popular . He did n't even have top billing at the event . Lincoln had been asked to "  please offer a few appropriate remarks . " He settled on about 200 words . Obama 's no-show at Gettysburg event : snub or smart ? The keynote address was given by Edward Everett , the Massachusetts statesman hailed at the time as one of the nation 's greatest orators . Ever hear of him today ? Everett spoke for more than two hours . Lincoln spoke for a little more than two minutes . "  The world will little note , nor long remember what we say here , " Lincoln said , ironically ; the Gettysburg Address is now regarded as one of the most elegant , thoughtful and well-crafted speeches in American history . The words are etched in stone next to his statue at the Lincoln Memorial . 150 years later , newspaper retracts editorial panning Gettysburg Address That 's a strong case for brevity . And it 's a case Lincoln seems to have learned during the course of his very difficult presidency . His first inaugural address , at 3,670 words , was delivered as he tried to keep the nation together . It was far longer than either of President Barack Obama 's . But Lincoln 's second inaugural address , at 700 words , delivered after years of war , is considered by many to be the best inaugural speech in U.S. history , and is also one of the shortest . It included one of the most important one-liners in history , with the South beaten but not yet surrendered , and as the nation started a very long and difficult healing process . "  With malice toward none , with charity for all , with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right , let us strive on to finish the work we are in , to bind up the nation 's wounds , to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan , to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations . " The shortest inaugural address in history was delivered by George Washington as he entered his second term . This one perhaps goes too far . It was just 135 words and did n't include any talk of policy , just a promise to adhere to the oath of office . But the longest is a cautionary tale against over-speechifying . William Henry Harrison spoke 8,460 words , caught pneumonia and died a month later . Fast-forward 150 years from Lincoln 's 200 words in Gettysburg . When Obama took to the podium in the White House briefing room Thursday and took a question from CBS News ' Major Garrett -- granted , it was a two-parter -- he went on for a full six minutes before Garrett asked a follow-up . The news conference went on for about 50 minutes . Love the president or hate him , you 've got to admit he can talk . It is hard to imagine a modern-day speech gaining the historical importance of something like the Gettysburg Address . Ronald C. White Jr. is a Lincoln scholar who has paid particular attention to Lincoln 's speeches . He 's author of "  A. Lincoln , " a biography of the 16th president . Lincoln 's great short speeches , he argued , were different from modern-day addresses in a number of ways , not the least of which is the teleprompter . "  Speeches are meant to be said , not read , " White said . He feels Obama does better when he engages with an audience , speaking from the heart like when he 's campaigning rather than reading from a teleprompter . "  When he does that , I do n't think he 's nearly as effective as when he does n't , " White said of Obama . "  He 's more engaged . " Presidents ' best phrases are tweetable He said Lincoln wrote the Gettysburg Address and had it memorized , although he took text out of his breast pocket before delivering it . Another problem today , according to White : speechwriters . "  It 's almost like a committee where everyone involved in the writing process wants to get their points in . " Speeches today also feel too crowded , he said . "  In the second inaugural , everybody expected Lincoln to talk about the policy of the government ... he did n't offer any policies . He gave a speech that offered the moral imperative . The policy would follow later . " We know Obama takes great care in editing the speeches drafted by his speechwriters . There is a remarkable photo of all the revisions in his own hand on one sheet of a 2010 address to a joint session of Congress . See it here The Library of Congress has posted drafts of the speech , written in Lincoln 's hand , on its website . See it here White wishes today that speeches were printed in the newspaper so that people could actually read them and get at what the lawmaker is saying . After he watches a speech on TV , he said , the first thing he does is turn off the TV . "  We do n't read speeches anymore , " complained White , who is of the mind that instant analysis on TV keeps people from really digesting what was said . But the largest problem for lawmakers giving speeches is n't a shortening collective attention span or political pundits or teleprompters . It 's the lack of trust in politicians and the institutions of government . "  We 're cynical , " White said . "  We 're cynical about speeches and about words . " Ken Burns : Learn Lincoln 's words by heart	Lincoln did n't even get top billing at Gettysburg ceremony honoring Civil War dead Keynoter Edward Everett spoke for two hours at Gettysburg , Lincoln for about two minutes Obama answered a question at a Thursday news conference for six full minutes Modern speeches done by committee show how all writers want to get their points across
CNN  -- A tornado descended on Murfreesboro , Tennessee Friday , killing two people and injuring another 30 , an official said . Powerful tornado winds ripped through Murfreesboro , Tennessee , Friday , leaving a trail of destruction . Two people were critically injured by the tornado , which hit the city , located about 30 miles southeast of Nashville , around 1:40 p.m. , Donnie Smith , public information officer with the Tennessee Department of Emergency Management in Nashville said . The search-and-rescue effort was continuing into the evening , Smith said , "  so it 's possible that may not be all . " Many homes were damaged , others were destroyed and power lines were down across Murfreesboro , said Randy White , a public information officer with Rutherford County Emergency Management . The bad weather began around noon , when a band of severe thunderstorms swept across the state from the southwest , Smith said . Elsewhere in the region , the town of Mena , Arkansas , is cleaning up after a tornado roared through , killing three people and damaging or destroying more than 100 homes , an Arkansas official said . The town looked like a "  war zone " as soldiers from the Arkansas National Guard went house to house searching for victims of the twister that hit Thursday night , said Capt. Christopher Heathscott . About 50 soldiers also helped with security and food distribution . Gov. Mike Beebe planned to fly over Mena on Friday afternoon . Mena , population 6,000 , took a heavy hit on the west side of town , as the storm swept through downtown before heading up state Highway 71 , said Tommy Jackson from the state Department of Emergency Management . "  It looks like a war zone out here , " said James Reeves , also from the department . Watch scenes of devastation in Mena " The tornado damaged the county hospital , Mena City Hall , a middle school , churches , a library , the Masonic lodge and the courthouse -- which houses the 911 emergency dispatch center and a detention center , Reeves said . He said electricity and gas were out in the western half of the city . Two plants at an industrial park were destroyed , said reporter Charles Crowson of CNN affiliate KTHV-TV . He said utility crews were trying to stop a gas leak there . Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd told Crowson the county detention center was "  uninhabitable . " There were 18 inmates in the jail at the time of the tornado , and they were moved to neighboring jurisdictions , he said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video There were 24 reports of tornadoes in the area Thursday night , said CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano , and wind gusts reached more than 70 mph . "  So a significant severe weather event last night , and we expect similar action later on today , although it 's all moving to the east , " he said Friday morning . "  It went from Oklahoma across the border toward Arkansas . " Winds will continue to be gusty until later in the afternoon , Marciano said . As the storms moved east , thunderstorms were predicted , and there was a chance for more tornadoes . Large hail and damaging winds were predicted for the Southeast later Friday . In Mena , officials set up three shelters , but fewer than 50 people had sought refuge in them . In this rural community , most people are staying with friends and family , Reeves said . All three victims were elderly , officials said . A man and a woman died when houses collapsed , and another woman died after being struck by debris . Beebe sent 30 National Guard soldiers to the town Thursday , and 20 more are expected Friday . CNN 's Melissa Roberts and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Tornado hits Murfreesboro , Tennessee Friday ; 2 dead , 30 injured , official says Arkansas National Guard troops go house to house searching for tornado victims Tornado hits Mena , Arkansas , on Thursday ; 3 people confirmed dead County hospital , City Hall , courthouse were among buildings damaged by storm
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish warplanes bombed suspected Kurdish rebel targets in northern Iraq 's rugged mountains for a second consecutive night Thursday after an ambush on a southeastern Turkey highway killed eight soldiers and a government-employed guard , the semi-official Anatolian News Agency reported . In the second operation , F-16s took off Thursday night from Diyarbakir and bombed targets in northern Iraq , returning three hours later , the agency said , citing ministry sources . Earlier Thursday , the military had said in a statement that Turkish artillery pounded more than 100 targets in the border region . "  Similar activities of the Turkish Armed Forces , both domestic and abroad , will continue with determination until the separatist terrorist organization that uses northern Iraq as a safe haven and an attack base against Turkey is eliminated , " the military said . The Kurdish Firat News agency , which is sympathetic to the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , confirmed Wednesday night 's air and artillery attacks in the rugged mountains of northern Iraq , where the rebels have long operated . Firat quoted an unnamed rebel commander saying that the air raid was expected . "  It was n't a surprise for us . We had measures . Air raids happen almost every year . We are a 30-year guerrilla movement . Therefore , they did n't achieve any results from yesterday 's attack , " the rebel commander said . Turkish war planes were once again spotted flying over the Qandil mountains of northern Iraq on Thursday , Firat reported . Ankara said fighters from the PKK carried out Wednesday 's deadly ambush . Thursday , military helicopters carried the flag-draped coffins of the eight soldiers to a funeral ceremony in the eastern border city of Van . "  Our pain is very big . Our sorrow is like the mountains , " Brig. Gen. Levent Kose , a senior Turkish military commander , announced at the ceremony . He then issued a bellicose warning to the PKK . "  They wo n't win , they wo n't achieve anything . They will melt in their own darkness . They will dry in their own quicksand . They will choke on their own blood . " Meanwhile , Turkey 's president , prime minister and top military commanders gathered for a meeting of the country 's national security council in Ankara Thursday . The officials were expected to discuss policy challenges , including the conflict with the PKK and official Turkish frustration with another neighbor , Syria , where the regime has violently cracked down on anti-government protesters . The latest round of fighting with the PKK could present a major test for the Turkish armed forces . Long one of the most powerful political institutions in Turkey , the military has been shaken after scores of generals and admirals were arrested and put on trial for allegedly plotting to overthrow Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's government . In an unprecedented move last month , the country 's four most senior military commanders all resigned simultaneously . Kurdish fighters have been locked in a bloody conflict with the government since the 1980s . More than 30,000 people have been killed in the fighting , many of them ethnic Kurds . The Kurds are Turkey 's largest ethnic minority . For decades , Ankara imposed oppressive policies , which banned Kurdish names and their language , and sometimes referred to the community as "  mountain Turks . " Erdogan 's government has attempted to improve relations with Turkey 's Kurds in recent years by launching a Kurdish channel on state television and acknowledging "  mistakes were made " in the way Ankara treated the minorities . But tensions have escalated between the government and the main Kurdish nationalist political party in recent months . After winning a larger number of seats in June parliamentary elections , the main Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party  BDP  boycotted the swearing-in ceremony for new lawmakers . Kurdish lawmakers are protesting a decision by Turkey 's electoral board , which disqualified a prominent Kurdish candidate from participating in the June election . Politician Hatip Dicle was barred from running due to a 20-month prison sentence he received for "  making propaganda for a terrorist organization , " a Turkish reference to the PKK . Meanwhile , PKK fighters have claimed responsibility for a series of deadly attacks , including a Saturday ambush near the southeastern province of Sirnak that killed at least three soldiers . In a statement e-mailed to CNN , the PKK also claimed responsibility for last week 's sabotage of a natural gas pipeline between Turkey and its eastern neighbor , Iran . The rebel strikes , as well as a battle last month that left at least 13 Turkish soldiers dead , have raised fears of an escalation in the long-simmering war between the Turkish state and Kurdish separatists .	NEW : F-16s strike suspected PKK camps for second consecutive night Turkish government holds national security council meeting The ambush killed at least eight soldiers and a government-employed guard Military : Turkish artillery also pounds more than 100 targets in the border region
Massachusetts ' highest court ruled Friday that the Pledge of Allegiance does not discriminate against atheists , saying that the words "  under God " represent a patriotic , not a religious , exercise . All previous attempts to eliminate the mention of God in the pledge recited in classrooms across the country have failed , but the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts considered arguments seeking removal of the reference based on discrimination . The case was brought by an unidentified family of a student at a school in suburban Boston , whose lawyers argued that the pledge violates the Equal Rights Amendment of the state Constitution . It was the first such case at the state level . Roy Speckhardt , the executive director of the American Humanist Association , an atheist group that provided legal services for the plaintiffs , called the decision a setback . But he said the group felt confident about a similar case filed in New Jersey last week that seeks to show that the pledge engendered a climate of discrimination . In its ruling , the Massachusetts court said the pledge was voluntary and a "  fundamentally patriotic exercise , not a religious one . " The decision said the plaintiffs failed to prove that reciting the pledge resulted in negative treatment . "  The plaintiffs here did not successfully allege that their children receive negative treatment because they opt not to recite the words ` under God , ' or that the inclusion of that phrase in the pledge has occasioned ` the creation of second-class citizens , ' " the decision said . But the ruling said that "  should future plaintiffs demonstrate that the distinction created by the pledge as currently written has engendered bullying or differential treatment , " the court "  would leave open the possibility that the equal rights amendment might provide a remedy . " Speckhardt said that the recitation of the pledge resulted in some children being "  ostracized " for being atheists and that the government was complicit in bullying and prejudice against those children . In 1954 , Congress amended the pledge to include the words "  under God " during the escalation of the Cold War . The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has high-profile and precedent-setting experience deciding cases hinging on the Equal Rights Amendment of the Massachusetts Constitution . In 2003 , Massachusetts became the first state to legalize same-sex marriage with the Supreme Judicial Court 's landmark Goodridge decision .	Phrase "  under God " represents a "  patriotic exercise , not a religious one , " court rules Case was brought by an unidentified family of a student at a school in suburban Boston Plaintiffs argued that pledge discriminates against atheist students
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani military has waded into the political turmoil that has beset the civilian government in recent weeks , prompting concerns the country 's fragile democracy could be undermined . Demonstrations against the embattled government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif have been taking place in the capital , Islamabad , for the past two weeks . The protests have brought together two opposition leaders who are calling for changes in government , but in different ways . Imran Khan , the former cricket star who now leads one of Pakistan 's largest political parties , has demanded the resignation of Sharif and new elections amid allegations of vote-rigging during last year 's voting . His supporters have joined with those of outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri , who says he wants an overhaul of Pakistan 's political system . Qadri led demonstrations last year against the previous government , paralyzing the center of Islamabad . After failing to negotiate a solution with the protest movements , Sharif on Thursday asked the country 's powerful military for help brokering an end to the crisis . ` Deeper into the quicksand ' The decision is significant in a country ruled for long stretches by military dictators and where the Pakistani army has repeatedly intervened in the political process . Bringing in the military "  pushes democracy a little deeper into the quicksand where it had been trapped for many days , " wrote The News International , a Pakistani newspaper , in an editorial Friday . "  Whether it can pull itself out remains an open question . " Sharif clashed with the military when he served as prime minister during the 1990s , resulting in a lengthy period of exile before his return to power last year . Both Khan and Qadri met late Thursday with the army chief , Gen. Raheel Sharif , who is not related to the prime minister . The two leaders have separately threatened to let their protesters storm parliament if their demands are not . The demonstrators have been camped out in an area of the capital where many key state institutions are based . Anger over shooting The Qadri-led protests have been fueled by anger over the fatal shooting of at least 10 of his supporters by police in the city of Lahore in June . Qadri has alleged that Shahbaz Sharif , the chief minister of Punjab province and the brother of the prime minister , was ultimately responsible for the shooting . Lahore police registered a report Thursday that listed the two Sharif brothers , as well as other top officials , as suspects in the shooting case . The move does n't amount to formal charges against the suspects . It was widely seen as an effort to placate Qadri and his supporters , but the cleric said it did n't go far enough . He called for the resignation of Shahbaz Sharif and the registering of a new report based on his movement 's allegations . The turbulence has put pressure on Pakistan 's political system , which last year carried out a transition from one democratically elected government to another for the first time in its history . Sharif 's government has been in power for less than 15 months . Commenting on the current crisis Thursday , U.S. State Department Spokeswoman Jen Psaki said , "  We continue to urge all sides to refrain from violence , exercise restraint , respect the rule of law . " CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	The prime minister has asked the military chief to help end the crisis Protests have been taking place in the center of the capital for weeks They are led by opposition politician Imran Khan and outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri Bringing in the military "  pushes democracy a little deeper into the quicksand , " an editorial says
New York  CNN  -- In this age of bitter partisanship , it is not surprising that congressional approval ratings are at an all-time low . But how did our national legislature get to the point where only 10 % of Americans approve of its actions ? The answer : Congress no longer represents the will of the people , and it has n't for a very long time . The House of Representatives has become another U.S. Senate where a rarefied few supposedly represent the needs of the many . And that 's the main reason that hyper-partisanship and special interests seem to control the legislative agenda . We have all been disenfranchised . A quick trip back to fifth grade history class reminds us that the House of Representatives was established as the lower house , intended to be "  of the people , " according to James Madison . It was to ensure that individual citizens had a voice in federal legislation while the Senate was meant to be more deliberative and represent the interest of the states . But population growth has cut the ties between representatives and those they represent . A seat in the House of Representatives has gone from representing 33,000 people to more than 700,000 today . America basically has two upper houses of Congress with less and less representation of the people . The reason is as cynical as you might imagine : Self-interest and power . It is in the interest of individual members of Congress and the two political parties to maintain this status quo . With each member of Congress representing a very large number of people , representatives receive tremendous attention from special interests . It is relatively easy for these groups to buy the support of the 218 members it takes to pass a bill , and congressional seats have increased in value as the economy and government have grown . It 's not surprising that running for Congress has become a multimillion-dollar fundraising challenge in many districts around the country . And , it is also not surprising that many members become millionaires once they leave Congress -- if they are the rare ones who were n't rich to begin with . The real resistance to congressional reform is Congress itself . The Democratic and Republican parties enjoy a duopoly : No third party , or even a faction within the parties , can disrupt their stranglehold , especially when redistricting and gerrymandering have created solidly Democratic and Republican seats . The result is that members and even candidates continue to reflect the more partisan positions of the party , regardless of the will of the people . Although roughly 40 % of Americans describe themselves as independent , Washington continues to be driven by the right - and left-wing believers who form the base of each of the parties , resulting in acrimony and stalemate . The solution is relatively simple . For the first 140 years of the republic , the House increased in size with the population in varying degrees , going from 65 members originally to 435 . A Republican Congress and president enacted the Reapportionment Act of 1929 , which arbitrarily capped the number at 435 members . Although the U.S. population has more than doubled since 1929 , the individual 's voice in the federal government has diminished . Now is the time to re-establish that voice with a Congress that is closer to the level of representation envisioned by the founders . If we use the original ratio  1 member per 33,000  , we would have a House with nearly 10,000 members , which seems extreme and more like direct , as opposed to representative , democracy . However , staying at 435 also seems arbitrary and extreme . The founders envisioned population growth and proposed a maximum ratio of 1 per 50,000 , which today would produce a Congress of slightly more than 6,000 members . Let 's assume they were off by 100 % , and we might envision a Congress with 1 member per 100,000 people or 3,000 members . As points of comparison , a constituency in the U.K. House of Commons is roughly 90,000 people , and the Iraqi government that the U.S. helped establish is at 100,000 people per representative . Yes , that 's right : today Iraq 's legislature is seven times more representative than our federal government . The idea of 3,000 or more members of Congress , constituting a Washington-based power elite , would scare people if we continue to apply the 1780s approach to governing . But our government needs to evolve to reflect the world we live in . What if members of Congress went to Washington quarterly for two week conventions ? The rest of the time they could live in their districts , using widely adopted technologies to collaborate and vote online . It is ridiculous that a member must be "  present " to cast a vote in Congress in 2012 . The role of a member of a much larger Congress should be part-time , making it more attractive for people of varying backgrounds to run . Most importantly , in most districts it would no longer require millions of dollars to get elected , so members would be less likely to be corrupted . Many might argue that such a large number would lead to gridlock based on sheer numbers . Really ? More unproductive than where we are today ? Properly used technology can enable large numbers of people to collaborate effectively , as they do in some leading corporations . For example , Amazon.com operates a disparate group of businesses around the world with very few physical meetings in headquarters . Most Americans are not ideologues . They want government to work efficiently , represent them well , provide some collective services and solve problems . Congressional reform is gathering some momentum . But those in power will cling to the status quo . We need to fight for the right of representation envisioned by the founding fathers . It 's time for : "  House 3000 : The Congressional Reformation Act of 2012 " . Who 's in ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Flynn .	Congress ' approval rating hit an all-time low of 10 % Brian Flynn says a growing population has left Congress much less representative Size of the House has been frozen at 435 since 1929 Flynn : Shrink districts , expand the House and make seats in Congress part-time
Zuffenhausen , Germany  CNN  -- With a top speed of 205 mph and a silhouette known and loved the world over , the Porsche 911 is an icon of German design and engineering . Since it was introduced nearly 50 years ago , its top speed has increased by 75 mph -- but the distinctive shape has remained almost unchanged . Unveiled at the Frankfurt Motor Show in 1963 , the designer was Ferdinand Alexander Porsche , then 25 , grandson of the company 's founder . Recalling the design process , he said : "  Right from the start the specification was that the car had to be instantly recognizable as a Porsche from its silhouette . " The two-door luxury coupe initially was called the Porsche 901 , until a patent issue with Peugeot forced a change in name . The high-performance vehicle , today the carmaker 's most expensive basic model , has remained in style over the years . Last year , Porsche delivered 21,680 units of the 911 worldwide , which accounted for about a quarter of the total vehicles it delivered during the 2009-2010 fiscal year . Such is the popularity of the model that the automaker recently designed a special 911 inscribed with names of its fans on the social networking site Facebook to celebrate reaching its millionth fan . There are now more than 1.3 million fans on the page . One of its biggest enthusiasts is Walter Roehrl , a rally legend who made his name racing in the 1970s and 1980s . The attention to engineering is what makes the 911 stand apart , according to Roehrl , who has been a senior test driver at Porsche for the last 17 years . The engine is "  so good , " he said . "  That is the reason I like this car , because it 's not the power , it 's the response of this car . " Since it made its debut , the sports coupe has been modified for use by professional drivers , and it has one of the strongest competition track records of all time . At last year 's Geneva Motor Show , Porsche unveiled the 911 GT3 R , its first hybrid track car . Roehrl said of the 911 : "  It 's the only car today which has the engine really in the back . " That gives it much better traction than compared to other racing vehicles . Roehrl recently took CNN 's Diana Magnay for a spin around a Porsche test circuit in Zuffenhausen . She said : "  It 's hard to explain what it 's like when Roehrl puts his foot down . It 's about precision at speed , not the actual speed itself . " Roehrl , who won 14 world rally championship races in his racing career , added : "  When I was a skier I always wanted the skis to be just an extension of my legs , and it 's the same with the car . "  The car is a part of my body like my small finger . It has to do exactly what I want . " CNN 's Diana Magnay and Catriona Davies contributed to this report	The Porsche 911 -- originally called the 901 -- was unveiled at the 1963 Frankfurt Motor Show The silhouette has hardly changed in almost 50 years The top speed has increased 75 mph to 205 mph
CNN  -- Stephane Peterhansel reveled in the challenging sand dunes which marked the fifth stage of the Dakar Rally and stepped up his challenge for yet another triumph in the event with an emphatic victory . He covered he 423km from Calama to Iquique in Chile in his BMW in four hours 33 minutes 19 seconds . It left him one minute 24 seconds ahead of Qatar 's Nasser Al-Attiyah with race leader Carlos Sainz over three minutes back . The 45-year-old Frenchman has won the car section of the Dakar Rally three times and is a six-time motorcycle winner . Sainz , who has seen his overall lead over Peterhansel cut to two minutes 26 seconds , and Volkwagen teammate Al-Attiyah , both had navigational problems in the dunes to lose time . Al-Attiyah , who won the third stage , is two minutes 33 seconds back in third in a tight battle for race honors . Peterhansel is optimistic that he can secure his 10th Dakar Rally triumph . "  The first three places in the general standings are separated by three minutes , " he told the official race website . "  That 's good . I hope it stays like that until the rest day , that way we 'll have a thrilling end to the race . Everything is still possible for us . " Portugal 's Paulo Goncalves , riding a BMW , won the motorbike section with Chile 's Aprilia rider Francisco Lopez taking second . Dutchman Frans Verhoeven , on another BMW , was third with overall leader Marc Coma of Spain on a KTM . Coma 's arch rival and defending champion Cyril Despres of France was fifth . Despres stays second in the overall standings despite being handed a 10-minute penalty overnight for a technical infringement as he did not follow the official race route at the start .	Stephane Peterhansel wins the fifth stage of the Dakar Rally in his BMW Peterhansel closes up on overall race leader Carlos Sainz Portugal 's Paulo Goncalves takes motorbike section on a BMW
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Rachel Gold and Anthony Barberio do n't have much in common . Rachel Gold has applied for more than 650 jobs online but has had fewer than a dozen interviews . Gold is 28 years old and worked in recruiting after graduating from college . Barberio is 46 and never went to college but made his way on Wall Street for 20 years . Despite their differences , they have one thing in common : Both were laid off last year and still are looking for jobs . Gold was laid off in November from a recruiting firm . "  I definitely did n't think that I 'd be sitting here nine months later without employment , " she says . She has focused her job search on social networking Web sites , making contacts with recruiters that could someday lead to a job . Each week , she sets up meetings with potential future employers even though there may not be jobs open at the time . Gold also has applied for more than 650 jobs online but has had fewer than a dozen interviews from those inquiries . Barberio has spent most of his effort since his August 2008 layoff with online searches , applying for hundreds of jobs with little result . "  I send my résumé , and then you do n't hear nothing back , " he says . "  When you do n't hear back from anybody , whether it 's a yes or a no , or we received your résumé , you wonder where it goes . " Watch Barberio and Gold describe their efforts to find work " Barberio has enlisted the help of several employment agencies with the hopes they 'll be able to find a job for him in a brokerage firm . But he worries that when his unemployment benefits run out , he 'll have to take any job he can get . "  I 'm gon na put a deadline as to when I 'm going to have to seriously look for something , " he says , "  whether it be a department store or something like that . " Until a job comes along , Gold has started a blog , KickedForward.com . It 's based on the Kay Yow quote , "  When life kicks you , let it kick you forward . " She discusses free and inexpensive activities she 's found to do in New York while she has some extra time . "  It 's difficult , but I 'm just trying to be as optimistic as possible that I 'll find a position soon , " Gold says . The national unemployment rate is 9.7 percent , and more than 6 million people are filing for unemployment benefits . Despite the grim job market , both Gold and Barberio are seeing reasons to hope . Gold says she 's gotten a few more interviews recently . Barberio says he 's seen more job openings in his industry , and he thinks one of them may be the perfect fit for him . "  I 'm anxious to get back to work , " he says . "  Almost a year in a house can drive anybody crazy . " CNNMoney.com anchor Poppy Harlow contributed to this report	Rachel Gold , 28 , worked in recruiting ; Anthony Barberio , 46 , worked on Wall Street Despite their differences , both are looking for jobs after being laid off last year They are using social networking sites , online searches , recruiters and blogs Hundreds of applications have resulted in few leads , but both see reasons for hope
CNN  -- An Alabama man whose wife died during a honeymoon scuba diving trip off the coast of Australia almost five years ago has been charged in her death . Tina Watson , background right , lies motionless after she drowned in 2003 while diving in the Great Barrier Reef . An Australian coroner ruled Friday that there was enough evidence to put Gabe Watson on trial for the death of Tina Watson , who was 26 when she drowned in October 2003 while diving around a historic shipwreck in Australia 's Great Barrier Reef . Watson , 31 , told police that his new bride appeared to panic 45 feet underwater and that he "  looked into her eyes and saw her eyes were wide open , but there was no response , " Townsville Coroner David Glascow said in his inquest findings . Glascow , however , cited what he said were inconsistencies in Watson 's statements to investigators . The coroner said he was "  unable to conclude that Tina 's death was an accidental drowning . " Watch Tina Watson 's family demand justice " The couple married just 11 days earlier in Birmingham , Alabama . They left their home in Hoover , Alabama , for their Australian honeymoon two days later , the coroner said . As possible evidence for the husband 's motive , Glascow pointed to a statement by the woman 's father that Watson asked her to maximize her life insurance and make him the beneficiary shortly before the wedding . The insurance company confirmed that Gabe Watson inquired about her life insurance policy after her death , the coroner said . The coroner noted that Watson , through his lawyers , contended that police had made a judgment that he killed his wife before they began their investigation and that they tailored their investigation to fit their theory . Glascow said he saw no evidence of police rushing to judgment . "  It appears certain that at some point in time , investigators considered some of Gabe 's explanations lacked credibility , and it further appears to me that investigators gave Gabe the opportunity to clarify matters which may have caused concern , " the coroner said . The husband was an experienced diver , and his new wife was considered a novice , the coroner said . They were diving on the Yongala shipwreck about 42 miles off the coast of Townsville in the state of Queensland , Australia .	Gabe Watson has been charged with 2003 death of his wife during honeymoon Tina Watson died while scuba diving in Australia 's Great Barrier Reef Coroner unable to conclude that Watson 's death was accidental
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. military is gearing up for a possible influx of Haitians fleeing their earthquake-stricken country at an Army facility not widely known for its humanitarian missions : Guantanamo Bay . Soldiers at the base have set up tents , beds and toilets , awaiting possible orders from the secretary of defense to proceed , according to Maj. Diana Haynie , a spokeswoman for Joint Task Force Guantanamo Bay . "  There 's no indication of any mass migration from Haiti , " Haynie stressed . "  We have not been told to conduct migrant operations . " But the base is getting ready "  as a prudent measure , " Haynie said , since "  it takes some time to set things up . " Guantanamo Bay is about 200 miles from Haiti . Currently , military personnel at the base are helping the earthquake relief effort by shipping bottled water and food from its warehouse . In addition , Gen. Douglas Fraser , commander of U.S. Southern Command , said the Navy has set up a "  logistics field , " an area to support bigger ships in the region . The military can now use that as a "  lily pad " to fly supplies from ships docked at Guantanamo over to Haiti , he said . "  Guantanamo Bay proves its value as a strategic hub for the movement of supplies and personnel to the affected areas in Haiti , " Haynie said . As part of the precautionary measures to prepare for possible refugees , the Army has erected 100 tents , each holding 10 beds , according to Haynie . Toilet facilities are nearby . If needed , hundreds more tents are stored in Guantanamo Bay and can be erected , she said . The refugees would be put on the leeward side of the island , more than 2 miles from some 200 detainees being held on the other side , Haynie said . The refugees would not mix with the detainees . Joint Task Force Guantanamo Bay is responsible for planning for any kind of Caribbean mass immigration , according to Haynie . In the early 1990s , thousands of Haitian refugees took shelter on the island , she said .	Soldiers at the base have set up tents , beds and toilets Refugees would be placed more than 2 miles from detainees No current indication of a "  mass migration " from Haiti
There 's no "  Hey , baby , what 's your sign ? " button . But if you have a friend with a mysteriously undefined love life , Facebook may have just become a little more like a singles bar at closing time . A new "  Ask " feature lets you ping friends who have n't set their Relationship Status and ask them what 's up . Facebook has been quietly rolling out the feature for testing in select countries , including the United States . Clicking on "  Ask " brings up a dialogue box with the text , "  Let  your friend  know why you 're asking for  his/her  relationship status . " It provides space to expand upon your request -- say , to invite them out for drinks . A Facebook spokeswoman said that similar "  Ask " buttons have been available on mobile and Web for a few months for other profile information . "  This feature provides an easy way for friends to ask you for information that 's not already on your profile , " Facebook spokeswoman MoMo Zhou said in an e-mail . "  For example , a friend could ask where you work or for your hometown . If you choose to answer , this information is then added to your profile . By default , only you and your friend can see it , and you also have the option of sharing it with others , too . " Well , that sounds a little less like an overture from someone who 's hitting on you . Or for that matter , a Poke . And , yes , even the relationship-status version presumably will have non-stalkery applications . A friend just checking in . Someone who was at your wedding and offering a gentle reminder for you to update your page . Or ... you know ... your mom , who remains convinced you 're just not trying hard enough to find Mr. or Ms. Right . As noted , a user may reply to the person who sent the request without updating their status , though they are given an opportunity to do so . And it 's surely not lost on Facebook that relationship status is a handy piece of information for advertisers trying to target their ads . Still , some commenters on Twitter found the new feature a little ... creepy . "  Are you single or taken ? Facebook now lets you ask someone out in the most awkward way possible , " said Ali Mostofian .	Facebook adds "  Ask " feature to let users inquire about friends ' relationships "  Ask " button appears next to info that 's not filled out Only friends can inquire , and receiver may respond privately Users can also "  Ask " about a friend 's job or hometown
CNN  -- Venezuela has revoked or denied press credentials for CNN journalists in the country , following the president 's announcement he would expel CNN if it did not "  rectify " its coverage of anti-government protests . "  They want to show the world that there is a civil war in Venezuela , " President Nicolas Maduro said Thursday in a televised speech . Anti-government protests have become a daily occurrence in the country , and clashes with security forces or pro-government supporters have resulted in at least eight deaths , officials said . What CNN is not showing , Maduro said , is "  the people working , studying , building the homeland . " "  Enough war propaganda . I do not accept war propaganda against Venezuela . If they do not rectify things , get out of Venezuela , CNN , get out , " Maduro said , to applause from his pro-government audience . "  Fuera ! Fuera ! " people in the crowd shouted -- "  Out ! Out ! " Hours later , government officials notified seven journalists for CNN International and CNN en Español that their press accreditation had been denied or revoked . CNN teams from outside Venezuela were told to book flights back to their home countries . Maduro described CNN 's journalists with some of the same adjectives he uses for his political opponents . "  A group of fascists with their aggressions want to take us away from peace , " Maduro said . "  They are not going to do that . And we are going to show them . " When members of the CNN International team were told their credentials were denied , they were asked several times when they would be leaving the country . While the journalists were asked to leave , CNN International and CNN en Español continue to broadcast in Venezuela . CNN has repeatedly asked for a meeting with officials , and a CNN reporter has been invited to a news conference where Maduro will speak later Friday afternoon . CNN en Español 's correspondent in Caracas was also invited to the event . "  CNN has reported both sides of the tense situation in Venezuela , even with very limited access to government officials , " CNN en Español said in a statement , adding that at the time its credentials were revoked , CNN was seeking an interview with the president . "  We hope the government will reconsider its decision . Meanwhile , we will continue reporting on Venezuela in the fair , accurate and balanced manner we are known for . " A top legislative leader for the ruling party said the government will investigate the allegations against CNN , and will not "  tremble in acting against those who make an attempt against the motherland . " The move to revoke CNN 's press credentials comes after weeks of protests that mark the largest demonstrations Maduro has faced in his 11 months in power following the death of President Hugo Chavez . Government authorities and opposition leaders have blamed each other for deaths resulting from the violence . Leopoldo Lopez , an opposition leader in Venezuela , faces arson and conspiracy charges in connection with the unrest . Lopez , who has denied the charges , is being held in a military prison outside Caracas . Venezuela also expelled three U.S. diplomats this week , accusing them of conspiring to bring down the government -- an accusation that the State Department has repeatedly denied .	CNN journalists are denied credentials to report in Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro calls the network 's coverage "  war propaganda " Tensions are running high amid anti-government protests
Moscow  CNN  -- Moscow has been chosen as the venue for this year 's international figure skating championship , to take place in April , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin announced Thursday at the start of a Russian cabinet meeting . The championship was initially scheduled to take place this week in Tokyo , but was cancelled in the wake of Japan 's massive earthquake and subsequent tsunami March 11 . "  I would like to assure all our friends and partners , that their teams , all participants in the championship and all guests , will feel at home in Moscow , " Putin said as he delivered the news . The International Skating Union reported on its website Thursday that "  after a careful evaluation " it had decided to allot the championship to Russia . It will be held April 24-May 1 in Moscow 's Megasport Arena . Austria , Canada , Croatia , Finland , and the United States were the other countries bidding to host it , the organization 's statement said . "  The ISU is convinced that the Japanese delegation coming to Moscow deserves and will receive special attention and respect , " the statement says . "  At a time like this , words can not express feelings but the ISU wants to let the skating friends of the Japan Skating Federation and the people of Japan know that the thoughts and wishes of the skating family continue to remain with them . " "  This event would n't be expensive , and we could easily handle all the expenses related to it , " Putin said Tuesday when first proposing Russia as the venue for the championship . "  The more so , that there are millions of figure skating fans  in Russia  , " he said . "  Our people would be happy to see this wonderful show ... We do n't insist on anything , but if the International Union needs a helping hand , we would extend it with pleasure . "	The earthquake and tsunami in Japan scuttled plans for the event Austria , Canada , Croatia , Finland , and the United States had also bid to host it The skating championship will be held in Moscow 's Megasport Arena
CNN  -- If Massachusetts ' strangely arcane Alimony Reform Act were to become the law of the land , the financial well-being and security of married women could be seriously threatened . The law dramatically changes the way judges grant alimony for nonworking ex-spouses . It is written in gender-neutral terminology , but because 97 % of the people who seek and require alimony are women , the effects on women will be substantially greater . First the  oversimplified  basics : The new law decides whether alimony will be granted , if at all , based not on a wide variety of criteria -- such as the value of the nonworking spouse 's contributions to the marriage -- but on how many years the couple stayed married and how much money the working spouse made during the marriage . And it wo n't last a lifetime . If a marriage lasted 15 years , a woman will receive alimony , at most , for only 10Â 1/2 years . It 's craziness . The Massachusetts legislature has effectively embraced a policy declaring that being married is roughly akin to working in state government . The more years you log , the bigger your pension , and if you make it to certain cut-off periods , you get a larger sum . Specifically , five years of marriage or less gets the dependent spouse alimony for a period equal to 50 % of the number of months the couple was married . So , if a couple stays married for two years , the dependent spouse will receive alimony for no more than 12 months . A marriage that lasts at least 15 years , but less than 20 , entitles the dependent spouse to alimony for 80 % of the number of months of the marriage . If it were n't such a dangerous bill , it might be worth only a few snarky remarks about how people are not widgets , and human relationships should not be subjected to mechanical valuation systems . But this is a bill that threatens serious consequences and will affect women in ways that transcend economic concerns . For example , one woman told me she 's afraid of becoming homeless if her ex-husband invokes the new law to stop her alimony payments . She gave up a career in banking to stay at home and raise the couple 's child . When that child went off to college , the husband filed for divorce . She is surviving on a modest alimony payment , but under the new law , payments will stop in two years . Having left a profession , she stands no chance at being hired for a well-paying job in that career . A minimum wage job would pay less than public assistance . Victims of domestic abuse face an inhumane choice . Those who worry about homelessness if they leave a violent spouse might feel pressured to stay in an abusive relationship to make it to a particular cut-off period . At the same time , men who want to get out of a marriage cheaply can run to divorce court on the eve of the next cut-off period . Click here for a viewpoint in favor of the new law : Ending forever alimony Similar bills have been proposed in other states , but women 's groups have been deafeningly silent , perhaps because some aspects of the new law seem fair , at least superficially . For example , a judge can consider the income of a new partner in measuring a dependent spouse 's assets . In the past , a divorced woman who was granted alimony would lose it only upon remarriage . This prompted lots of women to simply move in with a man and benefit from his financial support without having his income considered part of her assets during a court assessment of whether her need for alimony has changed . Lifetime alimony , in such circumstances , is terribly unfair . But it 's also rare , especially these days . It happens , but so infrequently and usually in such unusual cases -- where the dependent ex-spouse is financially desperate and unable to work -- that it does n't merit the restructuring of all alimony laws for all purposes . Massachusetts divorce lawyer Elizabeth Clague says she 's seen a judge grant lifetime alimony only a few times in her 16-year career . "  The cases involved unusual circumstances . One woman was living in a shelter ; in another case , the husband had been hiding assets , " Clague said . "  Lifetime alimony awards are disfavored in Massachusetts and have been for a long time . " Judges ordered alimony under the previous , more flexible , rule based on a holistic view of each case rather than in accordance with arbitrary lines that reward or punish stay-at-home spouses based on years spent in the marriage . Among other things , a mechanical approach to a woman 's value disregards entirely the value of a woman 's lost career . If she finished medical school , for example , then stayed home to raise children and care for her family , a judge should be able to take into account this lost opportunity and income . Instead , the new law dictates that a woman 's value is based solely on the length of time she spent enabling her husband to earn a certain income while she cooked , met with teachers and took the kids to soccer practice . Judges in Massachusetts do retain some discretion to grant alimony beyond the guidelines , in unusual cases , but the stated purpose of the new rule will compel most judges to simply dole out discounted alimony awards based on an awkward calculation of numbers , years and percentages , rather than full valuation of a woman 's worth . Lifetime alimony has been a problem , but the system mostly self-corrected when judges stopped routinely ordering it . For those few men whose payments were unfair , a law granting a more generous standard of review on appeal would have fixed it . The Alimony Reform Act is too broad , and other states should beware . Lawmakers motivated to please special interest groups would be wise to remember they represent the public interest , not only the interests of wealthy men with lobbyists . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wendy Murphy .	Wendy Murphy : New law dramatically changes alimony for nonworking ex-spouses She says strict rules determine alimony amounts , duration , instead of circumstances Lifetime alimony unfair , but very rare , she says . Changing all alimony law is overkill Murphy : Women who have no ability to work could find themselves with no income at all
CNN  -- Former Serbian President Milan Milutinovic was Thursday found not guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity in Kosovo by a U.N. tribunal . Milan Milutinovic had was cleared of war crimes in Kosovo . Five other former high-ranking Serb officials -- Nikola Sainovic , Dragoljub Ojdanic , Nebojsa Pavkovic , Vladimir Lazarevic and Sreten Lukic -- were found guilty on all or some of the same charges . The judgment was the first by The Hague , Netherlands-based tribunal for crimes by the former Yugoslav and Serbian forces during a military campaign against Kosovo 's ethnic Albanians in 1999 . Their crimes took place during a Serb-led military campaign against Kosovo 's ethnic Albanian population during the first six months of 1999 before a NATO bombing campaign forced a halt to the operation . Sainovic , former Yugoslav deputy prime minister and Pavkovic , a former Yugoslav army general were each sentenced to 22 years in prison for crimes against humanity and war crimes . Watch Milutinovic receive not guilty verdict " Lazarevic , another ex-general and Ojdanic , who was chief of general staff , were each sentenced to 15 years on charges of forced deportation of Kosovo 's ethnic Albanian population . The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia had heard during the two year tribunal how military forces of the former Republic of Yugoslavia and Serbia waged a campaign of terror against Kosovo Albanians . The court said Milutinovic did n't have "  direct individual control " over the army and that "  in practice " then-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic "  exercised actual command authority " over the army during the NATO campaign . Milosevic eventually surrendered to Serbian authorities in 2001 and had been extradited to The Hague , where he was on trial between 2002 and 2006 for the alleged offences in Kosovo and for alleged crimes in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina . He died from natural causes in March 2006 before the trial ended and before a judgment was made . He was the first sitting head of state to be charged for war crimes when he was indicted in 1999 . Kosovo 's government declared its independence from Serbia in February 2008 after being administered by the United Nations since 1999 . The U.S. , Britain and France have recognized Kosovo 's independence , but China and Russia joined Serbia in opposing the move .	U.N. tribunal clears ex-Serb President Milan Milutinovic of war crimes Milutinovic , 4 other top Serbs officials face charges of crimes against humanity Allegations centered on Serb-led campaign in Kosovo in 1999
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Royal Mail has added nearly 14,000 extra rounds for its postal deliverers , hoping to clear a huge holiday backlog caused by winter weather woes . The service said it planned to complete 7,000 extra delivery routes Sunday , bringing packages , cards and letters to a million homes and addresses in an effort to catch up on deliveries during what it calls Britain 's coldest December in decades . About 6,500 extra deliveries were made last Sunday in the areas hardest hit by the severe weather , Royal Mail said . "  This is already the worst December weather the UK has seen for almost 30 years , " Mark Higson , managing director of Royal Mail , said in a statement . "  We are planning up 7,000 delivery rounds this Sunday as we continue our drive to deliver items as quickly as possible . " Online retailers are feeling the chill , too . Amazon.com 's UK service has halted taking orders for its special rush delivery option and recommends giving e-gift cards instead of packages . Retailer Marks & Spencer also said that it could no longer guarantee that orders placed now would arrive in time for Christmas , except for flowers . Royal Mail had previously announced plans to add up to 3,000 extra workers and 250 delivery trucks to brave the icy roads . It warned there 's little time left to get packages delivered . Tuesday is the deadline for first-class mail and packets that customers want to arrive in time for Christmas , Royal Mail said . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report	Royal Mail adds nearly 14,000 extra rounds for postal deliveries Its director says the UK is experiencing the worst December weather in 30 years Royal Mail is trying to catch up on the delivery backlog
Washington  CNN  Elizabeth Warren has tried to discourage the groups urging her to run for president . The senator flatly said "  no " when asked about running in 2016 . She backed Hillary Clinton 's likely candidacy in a 2013 letter . And she told CNN a whopping six times -- in one interview -- that she was n't running . All of that , though , matters little to the coalition of liberal groups behind Run Warren Run , a liberal draft campaign for the first-term senator . These activists , who hunger for a 2016 option that fits their progressive mold , look at the senator 's refusals as a reason to up the ante , not quietly back away . Their hope that is that their money , organization and manpower can convince Warren , the once little-known Harvard professor , that she could become the first Madam President . One month without a Hillary Clinton headliner This dance played out clearly on Thursday when the liberal coalition of MoveOn.org and Democracy for Action announced that they are expanding their early presidential state action by opening an office in Iowa and hiring a former Obama staffer -- Blair Lawton -- to run their state operation . Their announcement comes two days after Warren told former Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chairman Sheila Bair , in an interview with Fortune Magazine , that she was n't running for president . "  So are you going to run for president ? " questioned Bair . "  No , " said Warren . Some Democrats -- especially those who want to see another Democratic president -- saw this as a reason for the groups to stop their persistence . But the Run Warren Run reaction to Warren 's statement was simple and different : This is why we are doing what we are doing . "  Sen. Warren is not planning to run for president , " said Ben Wikler , head of MoveOn 's Washington office . "  The whole point is to make the case to her and encourage her to change her mind . " Rating 2016 candidates by donor busts conventional wisdom And in an apparent shot at Hillary Clinton , the Democratic frontrunner who has been quietly building a political staff before a likely presidential run , Wikler added , "  She is not building a secret campaign apparatus and hoping someone taps her shoulder . She is not floating trial balloons . " MoveOn , who pledged at the start to spend $ 1 million on the Warren draft effort , has started to fundraise from their members to prolong the project . "  Yes , we have been fundraising for the Run Warren Run effort , " Brian Stewart , the group 's spokesman . "  We 're confident that our initial $ 1 million investment is a beginning floor . " The key words there are "  beginning floor . " In addition to their Iowa office and organizers , the group announced earlier this week  on the same day Warren said "  no "  that they were kicking off their efforts in New Hampshire , another critical presidential state . These efforts will include multiple offices in the state and a local staff . None of that is cheap . For liberal groups , though , propping up Warren is not a selfless act , either . When Warren is involved , MoveOn organizers say , their members become more engaged and excited . And by keeping Warren 's name in the mix of prospective 2016 candidates , the groups are also raising their profile and importance . Liberal groups slate pro-Warren rally in NH For that reason , Wikler and MoveOn are not prepared to say at what point they will buy Warren 's "  no . " "  So much can change in politics , so much is fluid , " the organizer said . "  Things that are certain one day , may not be the next . Our focus is on maximizing the possibility that she does . "	Elizabeth Warren has said repeatedly that she wo n't run for president in 2016 But to a group of liberal organizers urging her to do so , her refusals are reason to ante up The reality is that keeping Warren in the 2016 mix helps these groups , too
Midland City , Alabama  CNN  -- Two bombs were discovered Tuesday inside the bunker where an FBI team rescued a 5-year-old boy from his kidnapper , the agency said . The FBI said they "  disrupted " the two explosive devices . One was in the bunker and another was in the PVC pipe that hostage taker Jimmy Lee Dykes sometimes used to communicate with the authorities , Special Agent in Charge Steve Richardson said in a written statement . The agency sent in a hostage rescue team after negotiations broke down with Dykes , who apparently had bombs in the bunker and shot at agents when they stormed the bunker . The search for other bombs will continue Wednesday , Richardson said . Dykes had held a 5-year-old named Ethan since abducting him from his school bus . Ethan 's mother said she awoke Tuesday to what she will forever remember as "  the most beautiful sight ... my sweet boy . " For almost a week , Ethan , had been held by Dykes until an FBI team rescued him Monday afternoon . Mother and child were reunited at a hospital . "  I ca n't describe how incredible it is to hold him again , " the mother , who has not been publicly named , said in a written statement . "  Ethan is safe and back in my arms , and I owe it all to some of the most compassionate people on Earth . " Ethan was released from the hospital Tuesday afternoon , Alabama state trooper Kevin Cook said . Dozens of people attended a prayer vigil for Ethan on Tuesday night and signed a huge birthday card for the boy , who turns 6 on Wednesday . Tough negotiations A law enforcement source told CNN that Dykes was contentious with authorities from the beginning of the nearly weeklong standoff , but the conversations deteriorated rapidly toward the end . The source said investigators talked with Dykes on the phone , exploring several strategies to resolve the situation , without success . "  The team kept going back to the same place -- that they had to go in and get Ethan , " the source said . They knew the rescue might be difficult . "  Dykes built this bunker specifically for law enforcement not to get in and him to not get out , " the source said . Dykes had reinforced the bunker to prevent others from getting in , Richardson said . Law enforcement officers were able to see what was going on inside the underground bunker where the child was held hostage with a camera they slipped into the hideout , a law enforcement official said . FBI sources said surveillance drones constantly monitored the situation . As the standoff dragged on , an FBI hostage rescue team practiced on a nearby mockup of the bunker until kidnapper Dykes ' declining mental state forced them to move in Monday afternoon , law enforcement sources said Tuesday . The resulting assault -- from the top of the bunker , according to another law enforcement source -- ended with Dykes dead and Ethan free . The other law enforcement official would n't say what exactly was done to get into bunker , but the FBI team did n't go in through the hatch . Authorities took Ethan to the hospital for evaluation . "  He was running around the hospital room , putting sticky notes on everyone who was in there , eating a turkey sandwich and watching ` Spongebob , ' " Dale County Schools Superintendent Ronny Bynum said . The kidnapping Authorities said Dykes abducted the young boy from a school bus January 29 . Dykes approached the bus and demanded that the driver hand over two children . Dykes killed driver Charles Poland as he blocked the aisle -- allowing children to escape from the back of the bus -- but Dykes seized Ethan and fled to the bunker , according to authorities . Late Alabama bus driver called a hero During the ensuing standoff , authorities were extraordinarily tight-lipped about what was happening , but said they were in contact with Dykes and said they believed he had not harmed the boy . He also allowed authorities to deliver food , medicine and at least one toy for the boy to play with , according to authorities . The details about the law enforcement response to his abduction are the first provided by authorities about how they knew what was going on inside the bunker and why they decided to move when they did . But many questions remain , including whether the Defense Department provided sensing equipment to aid in monitoring what was happening inside the bunker and why Dykes acted as he did . ' A big boom ' At one point Monday , Dale County Sheriff Wally Olson told reporters that Dykes had "  a story that 's important to him , although it 's very complex . " But according to a law enforcement source , Dykes ' mental state deteriorated in the 24 hours before the Monday afternoon rescue . Experts from FBI units , including a crisis negotiation team , tactical intelligence officers and a behavioral sciences unit , had determined Dykes was in a downward psychological spiral , the source said . At 3:12 p.m.  4:12 ET  on Monday , the FBI team went in . While the law enforcement source said FBI agents went in through the top of the bunker , the source declined to say specifically how they breached the roof , how many agents were involved or whether Dykes shot himself or was killed by FBI gunfire . A Dale County official told CNN that Dykes had been shot multiple times . The body remains "  in the area " and will be examined by the county coroner before it is taken to Montgomery , Alabama , for autopsy by the Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences , the official said . Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director , said the rescue likely was complicated by the layout and materials used to build the underground bunker . Rescuers would have had to come down stairs , exposing their legs and meaning Dykes would see them first , he said . And if there were brick walls , the FBI agents would have to shoot carefully to guard against ricochets -- all that after probably tossing in a flash grenade to stun the kidnapper . "  The FBI hostage rescue team is the best in the world , and they proved it yesterday , " said Fuentes , who was not involved in Monday 's rescue . A law enforcement source would neither confirm nor deny that a flash grenade was used . What 's next for Ethan ? While Ethan recuperated Tuesday from his ordeal , school officials began planning a party to celebrate the boy 's birthday and to honor Poland , the bus driver hailed by school officials as a hero . While the party wo n't be ready by Ethan 's birthday , it will be held soon -- likely at the Dale County High School football stadium , Bynum said . After being kidnapped , the recovery ahead Ethan 's elementary school principal , Phillip Parker , said teachers are eager to have him back and "  wrap their arms around him . " "  Everybody knows Ethan . He 's a good kid , a friendly kid , " Parker said . Relief that Ethan was safe was palpable in Midland City , but many questions remain about what comes next for him . How does a 5-year-old heal from this ordeal ? How does a youngster go on after witnessing his bus driver shot to death , then being dragged to an underground bunker by a gun-toting stranger ? How will he deal with what he experienced the six days he languished in that hole and what he saw during the explosive rescue Monday that killed his captor ? "  It 's very hard to tell how he 's going to do , " said Dr. Louis Krause , a psychiatrist at Chicago 's Rush Medical Center . "  On the one hand , he might get right back to his routine and do absolutely fine . But on the other hand , the anxieties , the trauma , what we call an acute stress disorder , even post-traumatic stress symptoms , can occur . " A psychologist said even if Ethan appears to be doing well on the outside , he needs to talk out what happened to him . Hoping the 5-year-old will forget what happened would be a bad strategy , said Wendy Walsh . "  That 's not actually good because when you start to forget , some traumatic events they get stored in your body as feelings that crop up at strange times in your life , " she said . "  It is better to process it , get some therapy . " When terrible things happen : Helping children heal Someone who knows all too well what Ethan may go through is Katie Beers , who as a 10-year-old was held underground in a concrete bunker for two weeks by a New York man . "  I am ecstatic that Ethan has been retrieved safe and sound , " said Beers , who recently released a book about her abduction . "  As for my ordeal , I just keep thinking about the effects of it : being deprived sunlight , nutritious food and human contact . And how much I wanted to have a nutritious meal , see my family . " Beers says she still feels the effects of her kidnapping . "  The major issue that I have is control issues with my kids and finances , " she said . "  I do n't like my kids being out of my sight for more than two seconds . And I think that that might get worse as they get older . " Guiding children through grief and loss Support crucial for kids after trauma Victor Blackwell reported from Midland City ; Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Vivian Kuo , Rich Phillips , Larry Shaughnessy , Barbara Starr , Lateef Mungin , Steve Almasy and HLN law enforcement analyst Mike Brooks also contributed to this report .	NEW : Well-wishers sign oversized card for Ethan , who turns 6 Wednesday Two bombs found in kidnapper 's bunker , FBI says State police : Ethan released from hospital Law enforcement used a secret camera to see inside bunker , source says
CNN  -- After a day on lockdown , Boston resumed limited transit service Friday evening on all modes of transportation except commuter rail . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick announced the resumption of service in a press conference where he also said that law enforcement orders to stay indoors have been lifted . Boston 's Logan International Airport was operating normally Friday under heightened security , according to airport spokesman Matthew Brelis . "  It 's open and operating and flights are operating , " he said early in the day . "  Airlines are waiving fees for passengers who do n't want to or ca n't fly today . ... Taxis are coming and going . Call your airline for your flight status before you leave for the airport , which is what we say anyway , but allow yourself a little extra time . " Boston schools , hospitals on lockdown Taxi service in the city of Boston was suspended Friday morning but was restored by about 11 a.m. , according to the Boston Police Department 's Twitter feed . LIVE BLOG : Latest developments in Boston Traveler Karen Lo arrived Friday at Logan on a flight from Canada to attend a biology conference at the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center . Lo said she would n't have noticed anything particularly unusual if she had n't been following the news online . But after talking to airport information officers , she decided to go to her colleagues ' hotel near the airport rather than trying to check into her room in the city center . "  I thought it would be safer for me to stay with people that I knew before I ventured out into the city by myself , " Lo said . The conference she 's attending is scheduled to start Saturday , and Lo said she hoped to make it to her hotel later . The city 's convention organization is providing regular updates to attendees and organizers of meetings scheduled over the weekend . A statement Friday afternoon advised attendees who were not already heading to facilities to hold off until further information is available . Many airlines were waiving fees for Boston travelers . JetBlue Airlines allowed travelers with Friday flights to or from Boston to change them without incurring fees or fare differences for travel through Monday . Passengers with canceled flights may also opt for a refund , the airline said on its website . Delta Air Lines was allowing Boston travelers to change plans "  due to heightened security in Boston affecting ground transportation to Logan Airport , " the airline said on its website . Delta will waive ticket change fees one time for travel scheduled between Friday and Sunday going to , from or through Boston . Fare differences may apply for itinerary changes where rescheduled travel occurs after Wednesday . Flight operations at Logan appeared normal Friday morning , according to flight tracking site FlightAware . "  Flights at Boston Logan are operating normally and are nominally on-time this morning with no increase in cancellations over a normal day , " according to FlightAware CEO Daniel Baker . The Federal Aviation Administration ordered a 3.5-nautical-mile temporary flight restriction over Boston "  to provide a safe environment for law enforcement activities . " The restriction is from surface to 3,000 feet , according to the FAA . Amtrak has suspended service between Boston and New York . Earlier it had suspended service between Boston and Providence , Rhode Island . "  At the request of local authorities , and due to ongoing police activity , Amtrak Acela Express and Northeast Regional service remains suspended indefinitely in the Boston area . Northeast Corridor trains are terminating at New York Penn Station , " Amtrak said in a statement Friday afternoon . The railroad 's Downeaster service continues to operate a modified schedule with no service to Boston . Operations are normal between Washington , Philadelphia and New York . An Acela train coming from Boston was searched and "  cleared " near Norwalk , Connecticut , on Friday morning , according to Amtrak spokesman Cliff Cole . The incident was related to the Boston Marathon investigation . After the search , the train proceeded to Washington 's Union Station . Greyhound and BoltBus operations in and out of Boston have been canceled until further notice , according to spokesman Timothy Stokes . CNN 's Jim Barnett , Devon Sayers , Eliott McLaughlin and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report .	NEW : Boston transit resumes limited service except on commuter rail Amtrak service between Boston and New York suspended Logan airport has been operating normally , under heightened security Taxi service has been restored in Boston
CNN  -- A federal judge determined Wednesday that Shannon Richardson , an actress accused of sending ricin-laced letters to President Barack Obama and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , is a "  flight risk " and thus must remain behind bars . The Texas woman , also known as Shannon Rogers and Shannon Guess , was arrested in June . She was ordered to undergo a mental evaluation , and late last month , she was found competent to stand trial . The actress has pleaded not guilty on all counts . Richardson was in a federal court in Texarkana , Texas , for a roughly 30-minute detention hearing Wednesday morning . According to a court document , her lawyer and prosecutors both presented their arguments as to why she should be allowed to go free on bail or , conversely , why she should remain in custody . Judge Caroline Craven concluded that , although Richardson probably is n't "  a danger to the community , " she is "  a serious flight risk , and no conditions will ensure her appearance . " As a result , Craven ordered the 35-year-old to remain detained pending her trial . Three envelopes containing the natural , highly toxic compound derived from castor beans were mailed from Shreveport , Louisiana , in May . They were discovered , before causing any injuries or fatalities , with what the FBI described as "  very low concentrations " of ricin . What is ricin ? Richardson -- who has had minor roles in television series including "  The Walking Dead " and "  The Vampire Diaries " -- initially told FBI agents that her now-estranged husband Nathaniel had sent the ricin-tainted letters . But , authorities have said , Richardson was found to be "  deceptive " in a polygraph exam . Investigators found that her computer storage devices contained the text of threatening letters sent to the president . But the couple 's computer records show that her husband could n't have printed them out because he was at work at the time , according to an FBI arrest affidavit . Eventually , Richardson admitted to investigators that she 'd mailed the letters , though she claimed her husband had typed them out and forced her to print and mail them , the affidavit said . Actress first accuses husband , then is arrested in ricin case Nathaniel Richardson denied doing any such thing , telling investigators that his wife was "  intentionally misleading " them and that she 'd wanted to end their marriage and leave them , court papers said . He filed for divorce in June , and court papers indicated that Shannon Richardson was pregnant .	A federal judge says Shannon Richardson is n't a danger to the community But the judge says "  no conditions will ensure her appearance " again in court She 's pleaded not guilty to sending ricin-tainted letters to Obama and NYC mayor Richardson has had minor roles in TV series including "  The Walking Dead "
CNN  -- It 's time to end the posturing and give the world 's boxing fans the bout they desperately want : Manny Pacquiao versus Floyd Mayweather . That 's Bob Arum 's message to everyone involved in trying to navigate a way through the quagmire that is negotiations for a contest that has long been top of fight fans ' wish list . Pacquiao 's promoter has been in touch with Mayweather 's camp to kick-start talks and finally attempt to get two of boxing 's best ever fighters in the ring . Though both boxers are arguably past their prime any match up between Mayweather -- unbeaten in 45 fights across five different weights -- and Pacquiao -- an eight-division world champion with 55 wins from 62 fights -- is likely to ignite huge interest . "  We 've put out the olive branch saying we would welcome the start of discussions for such a fight , " Top Rank chief executive officer Arum told CNN World Sport . "  While Manny fights on HBO and HBO pay-per-view and Floyd fights on Showtime and Showtime pay-per-view , there is a precedent for both networks to come together and put on big event . "  They did it when heavyweight Mike Tyson , who was a Showtime fighter , fought Lennox Lewis , who was an HBO fighter , a number of years ago . That was a hugely successful event and set a record for pay-per-view sales in the US . "  We ca n't keep posturing , . If people want to make a deal and put aside egos and making statements to the press -- who was right , who was wrong -- and really sincerely want something to happen it generally gets done . "  And it is my hope that 's what will happen ; when and if both sides sit down to discuss seriously an event the sports world is crying out for . " With Mayweather approaching 37 and Pacquiao , 34 , suffering two successive defeats before his most recent victory -- over Brandon Rios in Macau -- Arum acknowledges time is running out to make a deal . While the pair may not be as the pinnacle of their careers as they were when the fight was mooted three years ago , Arum still believes it would generate worldwide interest and reportedly might bring in $ 100 million . "  I think if an event like that was made people would really flock to watch it , " he added . "  I think it 's very fair to say the clamor is not as fervent as it was a few years ago when they were both at the height of their careers but it 's still an event the public are clamoring for , perhaps not as much as three years ago but we ca n't roll back the clock . " Pacquiao 's most immediate focus in the aftermath of his victory over Rios earlier this month has been to defend himself amid accusations that he owes $ 50 million in unpaid taxes in his home country the Philippines . The 34-year-old 's assets have been frozen , meaning he had to borrow money to help victims of Super Typhoon Haiyan that tore through the country . But Arum says the allegations amount to a "  political vendetta " against Pacquiao , who is a member of congress in the Philippines , and will be ironed out shortly . "  The assessment is based on fights he had in the United States and in every one of those fights -- four fights in the two years in question -- we withheld 30 % of the amounts we paid him and paid those amounts to the Internal Revenue Service  IRS  , " Arum explained . "  We supplied the Philippine tax authorities with the schedule of our payments and receipts from the IRS . For some unknown reason they are insisting the IRS send certification of the payments . "  Manny applied for those certifications a while ago and of course the IRS was bogged down partly because when the government was shut down they were n't working . There 's been a hold up but I 'm sure once those certifications arrive , it will all go away . "  He does n't owe anything . Under the Philippine-U.S. tax treaty , he was taxed in the U.S. for income earned in the U.S. , and he gets a dollar per dollar credit against his Philippine taxes . "  Once that credit it given to him they 'll find there is no further tax liability in the Philippines . "  I think it 's great for his image because it shows the nature of politics in the Philippines . Manny Pacquiao is a member of a coalition in the Philippines that is in political opposition to the president and it seems to me as a foreigner , that this is nothing more than a political vendetta . " Arum hailed Pacquiao 's showdown with Rios in Macau , a province of China , as a triumph and said he is planning another event with three former Olympic gold medalists in February . Along with the emergence of fighters from Latin America and Eastern Europe , as well as the traditional boxing heartlands of the U.S. and the United Kingdom , Arum pointed to Asia as having huge potential . "  Is Asia an up and coming market for everything ? Of course it is , " he said . "  There 's 1.3 billion people in China , there 's fans all over Japan , Malaysia , Indonesia . There 's tremendous interest in boxing and we expect to do many events in the years to come in Asia . "  There will be a lot of talent in Asian fighters just as there are so many great fighters now coming out of Eastern Europe , from Russia , Ukraine and Kazakhstan . "  Boxing is a world wide sport and our best fighters and champions are coming from all over . I 'm very , very excited as far as the future of boxing is concerned . "	Boxing promoter Bob Arum says it is time to make Manny Pacquiao v Floyd Mayweather happen Pacquiao 's promoter says egos must be laid aside if and when discussions begin Arum says there is still a huge appetite for the bout despite both having gone past career heights Top Rank CEO also defends Pacquiao 's tax affairs over claims he owes $ 50 million in unpaid tax
Chicago  CNN  -- Doctors who treat breast cancer patients are very excited about an experimental drug that presents a whole new way of knocking out cancer cells . The drug , trastuzumab emtansine , commonly referred to as T-DM1 , appears to be superior to the standard treatment for women with advanced HER2-positive breast cancer . Researchers are presenting the results of a large three-year clinical trial Sunday at the 2012 American Society of Clinical Oncology conference in Chicago . It 's a combination of the targeted drug trastuzumab  the "  T " in T-DM1  , better known by the brand name Herceptin , and a very powerful chemotherapy drug called emtansine  the "  DM1 " part  . The drug is designed to work when Herceptin alone no longer can keep the cancer in check . New drugs may help immune system fight cancer "  It 's a brand new way of treating HER2-positive breast cancer , " said the lead study author , Dr. Kimberly Blackwell . "  This will offer a very important therapeutic option for patients faced with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer . " In this combination drug , Herceptin is delivering the chemo drug to the cancer cell . Blackwell likens it to being used like a carrier pigeon that delivers the DM1 drug , which is what kills the cancer cell . DM-1 is too toxic to deliver directly into the bloodstream like other chemotherapy drugs . So the Herceptin part of T-DM1 homes in on the cancer cells  sparing other healthy cells  and delivers the powerful DM1 chemo drug into the cell . About 20 % to 25 % of women with breast cancer have HER2-positive breast cancer , a particularly aggressive and deadly form of the disease that was very difficult to treat until the FDA approved Herceptin in 1998 , revolutionizing how this type of cancer was treated . Herceptin is an engineered antibody that attaches to the surface of the cancer cell and blocks signals in the cell that tell the cancer to grow . It also boosts the patient 's immune system to help fight the cancer . But in some patients , the cancer comes back , and Herceptin eventually stops working . That 's when doctors prescribe a combination of the drugs capecitabine  brand name Xeloda  and lapatinib  brand name Tykerb  , which has had its successes . In this clinical trial , nearly 1,000 patients were divided into two groups : One got the standard capecitabine plus lapatinib treatment ; the other group got the experimental drug . Women getting T-DM1 had 9.6 months of progression-free survival , the time between starting the treatment and the cancer getting worse again , compared with 6.4 months in the standard therapy group . That 's a median improvement of three months . This may not seem like a long time , but as Dr. Eric Winer of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston explains , it means a lot to the individual patient . "  I 've had patients on this drug for one , two , three years , " he explained . Winer says that if a patient gets an additional three months before the tumors start growing again each time she goes through a treatment cycle , that can add up to almost a year . Some doctors do n't know long-term side effects of cancer care Blackwell says that after two years , 65 % of women getting T-DM1 were still alive , compared with 48 % in the control group . And even though this drug is not a cure , many oncologists call these trial results a "  huge deal . " That 's because another significant benefit with T-DM1 was the lack of significant side effects and better quality of life . Women on T-DM1 did not suffer the usual and often grueling chemotherapy side effects seen in the other group : diarrhea , nausea , vomiting , painful hand-foot syndrome and hair loss . Blackwell said the types of side effects they did have were the kind only a doctor would notice . "  It really changed their whole outlook on what it meant to be on cancer treatment , " said Blackwell , who treats patients at Duke University . She added that seeing this benefit for her patients was incredibly rewarding as a breast cancer doctor . This is the first group of  breast cancer  patients where we have to worry about fixing their hair for media interviews . It 's huge deal for these patients . " "  It 's producing very promising results , and as someone who sees a ton of patients , what I 'm really excited about is the side effect profile , " said Dr. Jennifer Litton , who treats breast cancer patients at the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston but who was not involved in the study . "  It 's significantly better than most chemotherapy drugs that we 're giving . "  This trial is showing pretty impressive results on the tip of the iceberg where immune therapy can take us , " Litton said . Dr. Louis Weiner , director of Georgetown University 's Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center , agrees , calling T-DM1 a "  magic bullet . " "  It represents the fruition of a concept that was advocated more than 100 years ago by Paul Ehrlich , the famous immunologist and Nobel Prize winner , who dreamed of creating basically Trojan horses that would be welcomed into the cell but would be dragging something that is very bad for the cell . This is pretty much how T-DM1 works , " he said . "  It 's a good drug . I think it will be used quite a bit , " Winer said . Right now , only women participating in the clinical trial have access to this new drug , until it gets approved in the United States and other countries . Genentech , the company that developed T-DM1 , says an application for potential approval will be sent to the FDA and the European counterpart , the European Medicine Agence , this year . It 's unclear how much this new drug will cost , but other new cancer drugs can be very expensive , costing upwards of tens of thousands of dollars , sometime even around $ 100,000 . "  I hope it wo n't be priced at such a level that it that bankrupts our health care system , " Winer said .	Researchers say drug combination is superior in fighting HER2-positive cancer 20 % to 25 % of breast cancer patients have aggressive HER2-positive form Study shows drug extended progression-free survival time , researchers say "  Very promising results " include better quality of life
CNN  -- What can a pod of dolphins teach golfers ? Quite a lot according to Paul Azinger , the last man to captain the United States to victory in the Ryder Cup , back in 2008 . Another humbling at the hands of Europe , who completed a third straight victory in the biennial team tussle at Gleneagles last month , provoked a familiar wave of American introspection . Surprisingly , it was sparked by one of its own team members -- five-time major winner Phil Mickelson -- who launched an astonishing critique of the job done by 2014 skipper Tom Watson . The 44-year-old lauded Azinger 's leadership during the 2008 tournament at a tense press conference at Gleneagles , hours after Europe 's 16 1/2 -11 1/2 success had been confirmed . Mickelson said Azinger had involved the players in his decision making process and formulated a "  real game plan , " the implication being that Watson had done neither during his tenure . The 64-year-old veteran , who was the last man to secure a U.S. triumph on European soil in 1993 , sat listening to Mickelson 's monologue with a painted smile on his face . He then replied : "  Phil  has a difference of opinion . That 's OK . My management philosophy is different than his . I had a different philosophy than Paul . I decided not to go that way . " Prior to the 40th installment of the competition in Scotland , CNN spoke to Azinger , who laid out the principles he felt were instrumental in sealing what is still America 's only triumph this century . One of the fundamental aspects of his captaincy centered around a pod system , relating to the way dolphins coexist with one another , where the 12 players are split into three teams of four . "  I tried to get my players invested and engaged in the process early , " Azinger told CNN 's Living Golf show . "  Then I gave ownership of their little small man groups and empowered them by allowing them to pick who filled out their team . These guys bonded and we were bonded as a team with a secret . "  That 's what we built prior to the matches and prior to showing up at Valhalla . " Azinger , who revealed he 'd spoken to Watson before the tournament but had "  no idea " what the captain was planning , wrote a book about his success called ` Cracking the Code . ' In it he details how the "  code " was concerned with team building and applying business principles to the Ryder Cup formula . It also embraced the Myers-Briggs test -- used by government agencies , colleges and HR departments -- to group people together based on their personality traits . "  The code was through observation , " he explained . "  I see what Europe has in place ; the Spaniards play together , the Irishmen , the Englishmen . "  If there 's crossover you 'll get best friends like an Irishman in Darren Clarke and an Englishman like Lee Westwood , so there 's small groups already in place . "  I 'm using their personality types to put the players in groups through observation about who they are , breaking everybody into four personality types . It was really a leadership philosophy to team building that 's the code . "  It became more of a relational story than a golf event for me and for our players . Of course they played great but we created the atmosphere and platform for them to play their best . "  The code was that Europe had small groups , we went with small groups , that 's a Navy Seals philosophy to team building . "  To apply those militaristic principles and those business principles to a sporting event and watch it unfold the way it did -- that was the cracking of the code to me . " Europe 's players were falling over themselves to praise their captain , Paul McGinley , who they said was meticulous in his preparation . Not only did McGinley get to know his players over the course of his captaincy , he also ensured they all felt invested , even detailing one of his five vice-captains to look after those players who were n't selected to play . The Irishman also prepared motivational speeches and videos for his team , even going so far to ensure the goldfish in Europe 's team room were blue and gold -- the colors of the continent 's flag . McGinley would surely have scored highly in Azinger 's recipe for what constitutes a good captain . "  A great captain has to be organized , " Azinger said . "  You have to have the willingness to surround yourself with people that can help you , and you have to make it not about you , you have to make the captaincy about the players around you . "  You have to realize you do n't get to play but that you have a responsibility and a leadership role of making the guys around you comfortable , confident . "  I wanted everyone to have confidence in my confidence in them . And treat them like men , they are professionals . "  I messaged players according to their personality type , situational messaging -- I did n't give everyone the same message . "  You have to build that type of environment and then you have to get out of their way . " The calls for Azinger to reprise his role in 2016 began almost as soon as the U.S. defeat was confirmed . Mickelson 's praise was followed by a tweet from Jason Dufner , a member of the U.S. team that succumbed to the "  Miracle of Medinah " back in 2012 , that read " @PaulAzinger # 2016 . " "  We all do the best that we can and we 're all trying our hardest , and I 'm just looking back at what gave us the most success , " Mickelson added in his Azinger tribute . "  Unfortunately , we have strayed from a winning formula in 2008 for the last three Ryder Cups , and we need to consider maybe getting back to that formula that helped us play our best . "	Paul Azinger is hotly tipped to be the United States Ryder Cup captain in 2016 Phil Mickelson lauded Azinger 's captaincy during U.S. success back in 2008 Mickelson was critical of Tom Watson 's leadership during competition in Scotland Azinger says personality matching was a big part of his captaincy blueprint
Despite food safety measures , the threat of foodborne illness remains in meat and produce -- and some types of illness are on the rise . About 48 million people contract some form of food poisoning each year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Salmonella remained the top cause of foodborne illness last year , according to the CDC 's 2012 report card on food poisoning . However , the overall instance of Salmonella was unchanged from the 2006-08 data , the agency said . The report card is based on reports from 10 U.S. regions , representing about 15 % of the country . The second most common cause of illness was Campylobacter , which increased 14 % over the 2006-08 data , the CDC said . Campylobacter lives on live chickens and can taint meat during slaughter ; it can also be found in raw , unpasteurized milk . Chicken and ground beef top a list of "  risky meat " published by the Center for Science in the Public Interest . Researchers from this advocacy group examined data from foodborne illness outbreaks over a 12-year period and found between 1998 and 2010 , meat and poultry products were linked to "  at least 1,714 outbreaks involving 33,372 illnesses . " That estimate may only be the tip of the iceberg , the group said , as people may not seek medical attention for food poisoning and cases go unrecorded . The U.S. Department of Agriculture has an online reporting tool for those who think they might have a foodborne illness . "  We applaud CSPI 's ongoing efforts to educate consumers about food safety , " Dr. Elisabeth Hagen , the USDA 's undersecretary for food safety , said in a statement . "  While we have made progress in making food safer -- including cutting E. coli O157-related illnesses in half -- we still have work to do . As Salmonella rates continue to stagnate , we look forward to CSPI 's support , and the support of other groups committed to food safety , of our efforts to reduce this dangerous foodborne pathogen , including modernization of the poultry inspection system . " In April , the Environmental Working Group published an analysis of existing data on antibiotic-resistant bacteria contained in meat sold in supermarkets . Eighty-one percent of ground chicken , 69 % of pork chops , 55 % of ground beef and 39 % of chicken were found to contain the bacteria , the organization reported , citing data from a February Food and Drug Administration report . Antibiotic resistance reduces doctors ' options to treat you if you become ill . What government tests found in your meat Every year the Environmental Working Group publishes its "  dirty dozen " fruits and vegetables . The advocacy group describes it as a consumer shoppers ' guide to determine which types of produce pose the highest threat of pesticides . Although pesticides are not a cause of foodborne illness , produce can be a source of food poisoning . In 2012 , cantaloupes , spinach and spring mix salad and mangoes were linked to outbreaks . Improving food safety begins before the products ever reach the consumer , at the slaughterhouse and in the fields , but "  being careful in the kitchen is also very important , " said Dr. Robert Tauxe , deputy director of the CDC 's Division of Foodborne , Waterborne and Environmental Diseases . So what 's a consumer to do ? At the store A CDC study published in 2010 once again highlighted the fact that young children can be exposed to raw meat and poultry products while riding in shopping carts , particularly if they ride in the basket of the cart . Researchers suggest that parents keep their child away from these products , which could be leaking juices carrying bacteria , by placing their child in the cart 's seat , and not place meat or poultry products in the seat while shopping to avoid contamination . All consumers can benefit from separating their raw meat , poultry and seafood purchases from other food products to prevent cross-contamination . The USDA recommends placing these types of foods in plastic bags and also placing these purchases in separate shopping bags at checkout . Storage Packaging meat products in leak-proof containers would also help cut cross-contamination . New Zealand , for instance , saw a significant reduction in foodborne illness after mandating leak-proof packaging , Tauxe said . When you get home , storing raw meats in a plastic bag or container to prevent any juices from dripping on other foods is also important . Listeria monocytogenes , another type of illness-causing bacteria , can grow in foods in the refrigerator , according to the CDC . Use an appliance thermometer to check the temperature inside the fridge ; it should be 40 degrees or lower , and the freezer should be 0 degrees or lower . Food preparation Start with clean hands . Wash with soap and water for 20 seconds  sing "  Happy Birthday " twice  before and after handling food -- and after other activities , such as changing diapers or using the bathroom . Ideally , use separate cutting boards for fruits and vegetables and raw meat to avoid cross-contamination . Wash fruits and vegetables under running water . Scrubbing melons and cucumbers with a clean brush is recommended ; using soap to clean them is not . Some home cooks wash their meat under running water before cooking , but , experts say , that can spread contaminated juices in places that may not be visible . Use hot , soapy water to clean utensils and cutting boards after preparing foods ; use hot , soapy water and paper towels or clean towels to clean work surfaces . Proper cooking is essential for meat , poultry and seafood . Cooking temperatures have to reach a certain temperature to destroy bacteria such as E. Coli and Salmonella ; a meat thermometer is the only way to be sure those temperatures have been reached . A thermometer should be placed in the thickest part of the meat without touching the bone . Ground beef , lamb and poultry should be cooked to 160 degrees Fahrenheit ; whole chickens , turkeys and poultry parts to 165 degrees ; and whole cuts of meat-like steaks , chops and roasts to 145 degrees , followed by three minutes of rest time before carving or eating . Storing leftovers Harmful bacteria can start growing at room temperature , so any leftovers should go into the fridge or freezer within two hours of cooking . Storage times for the fridge and freezer can vary depending on the food .	Meat , fruit and vegetables can all pose a risk of foodborne illness Cases of Campylobacter illness are on the rise , according to the CDC Chicken and ground beef top an organization 's "  risky meat " list Care during food preparation is essential
OPRAH.com  -- Men may rule the roost in AMC 's hit drama "  Mad Men , " but behind the guys are a group of women whose lives shape the award-winning story . Writers from the TV show "  Man Men " pick up awards at the Writers Guild ceremony in February . A young woman sits in a bustling office , wringing her hands as she waits to confront her boss . Nerves palpable , she is readying herself to demand four walls in a company where all the women sit at open desks . "  I need my own office , " she says when she gets 30 seconds of face time . "  It 's hard to do business and be credible when I 'm sharing with a Xerox machine . Freddy Rumsen 's office has been vacant for some time . I think I should have it . " "  It 's yours , " her boss says matter-of-factly . "  Really ? " "  You young women are very aggressive . " "  Oh , " she recoils a bit . "  I did n't mean to be impolite . " "  No , it 's cute . There are 30 men out there who did n't have the balls to ask me . " So goes a typical scene in "  Mad Men , " AMC 's Emmy-winning mega-buzz drama about the inner workings at 1960s ad agency Sterling Cooper , which just began its third season . The exchange , from last season 's penultimate episode , is between Peggy Olsen , an up-and-coming copywriter struggling to get ahead in a man 's world , and Roger Sterling , a partner at the firm . True , the interaction is dated . You wo n't hear that kind of dialogue in today 's workplace -- not unless the boss wants a lawsuit -- but Robin Veith , "  Mad Men 's " executive story editor , would argue it 's less a product of the decade than viewers might think . "  The truth is that a lot of these moments that seem period and horrible for women come directly from experiences that I and the other women writers have had in our lifetimes , " says Veith , one of seven female writers on the show 's nine-person writing team . "  Like the -LSB- first season -RSB- episode ` Ladies Room ' where Peggy goes into the bathroom and there are women crying . That came from -LSB- consulting producer -RSB- Maria Jacquemetton 's life experience . " That 's not the only office drama Jacquemetton says she 's seen firsthand . "  Peggy assumed that Paul Kinsey in Season One wanted to talk to her and valued her opinion , and it turned out he really just wanted to date her . That 's something that has certainly happened to several women on the staff , including myself , in our early days out -LSB- in Hollywood -RSB- , " she says . "  Men like women , and women want to be valued for more than just being attractive , and sometimes those things intersect . That 's certainly not something that 's decade-specific . " Oprah.com : How to speak up to get what you want What is time-specific , Veith says , is the way the ulterior motives are communicated . "  There 's more decorum about it now , " she says . "  People have trained themselves to hide it better . I 've worked in many offices , and that stuff still goes on . It 's just not as blatant , and women have learned to draw lines a little more strongly . " Both writers are quick to point out that while gender biases still exist in the workplace , they do n't exist in their workplace . In the "  Mad Men " writers ' room , a great idea is a great idea , they say , no matter who came up with it . "  We have a predominately female writing staff -- women from their early 20s to their 50s -- and plenty of female department heads and directors , " Jacquemetton says . " -LSB- Show creator -RSB- Matt Weiner and -LSB- executive producer -RSB- Scott Hornbacher hire people they believe in , based on their talent and their experience . ` Can you capture this world ? Can you bring great storytelling ? ' " Much of that storytelling revolves around the three main female characters : Betty Draper  wife of main character Don Draper  , an unhappy suburban housewife who 's just learned she 's pregnant ; Joan Holloway , the sultry Sterling Cooper office manager who 's always dreamed of a husband and white picket fence but is suddenly having second thoughts ; and Peggy , the would-be careerwoman quietly climbing the agency 's ladder . Oprah.com : Behind the scenes with January Jones All three seem to fit nicely into convenient 1960s boxes , but Jacquemetton says the fun is in showing the characters ' true complexities . "  Those are labels that we , as society , place on these three women , " she says . "  But we never talk about the characters in those terms in the writing room . Joan wants certain things , and we 'll definitely discuss that she wants to move to the suburbs , she wants love . But they 're people ; they have different shadings . We do n't think of them as , ` Okay , Joan 's the sexy bombshell , so her storylines all have to be about using her sexuality to manipulate people . ' We start with , ` This is a person who wants this ... ' " It 's all about staying true to the characters and the time period , Veith says , even when that means adding details that make the writers cringe -- say , putting a cigarette into the hands of an expectant mother . "  We always have to remind ourselves that we ca n't judge these characters . We try not to protect them , " she says . "  Women did smoke back then while they were pregnant . They knew it was wrong on some level , but they did n't think it was that wrong . No one 's going to chastise another woman for doing it . So while it 's horrible for us to watch , it 's important for us not to change it , because it happened . " Oprah.com : Why a writer should feel like he 's over his head While the "  Mad Men " writers try to check gender at the door when they enter the writers ' room , both Veith and Jacquemetton recognize that theirs is a highly unusual situation . According to a 2006 report from the Writer 's Guild of America , women are under-represented on TV staffs 2 to 1 . "  I do n't think -LSB- having so many women -RSB- influences the way the female characters are written , but I think you have a larger pool of experiences to draw from , " Jacquemetton says . "  If you have a predominantly male staff , it 's their point of view of how a woman would react as opposed to the actual experience of being a woman . " "  Occasionally , we 'll embarrass one of the guys by pulling the curtain back too far , and then they 're shocked to see how the female mind operates at the basest level , " Veith jokes . "  But we sort of delight it in , and that 's when we know that we 're possibly saying something new . " They claim that , when it comes to the job , being female is secondary . Still , when Jacquemetton mentions her anticipation of the upcoming season debut , you ca n't help but notice she chooses different words than her male counterpart might . "  It 's always like birthing a baby when you finally get to the premiere . " Oprah.com Books that made a difference to Jon Hamm From Oprah.com by Rachel Bertsche © 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	There are 7 women on the 9-member writing staff of TV show "  Mad Men " Some dramatic show moments written from writers ' experiences Producer : Women shock male writers by revealing how female minds work
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- On any given Monday , Motijheel -- the commercial center of Dhaka -- is a bustling , chaotic mess of rickshaws and cars jockeying for space in overcrowded streets with an equally determined mass of pushing , shoving pedestrians . This Monday was different . Motijheel resembled a battleground , desolate and destroyed . A day earlier , it was . Throughout the day and late into the night Sunday , police and paramilitary troops battled with Islamists who laid siege to the area . Half a million of them , by many accounts . It ended when security forces , 10,000-strong , moved into the area early Monday morning to disperse the protesters . Exactly how many died in the confrontation might never be known . The national news agency , Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha  BSS  , put the count at 14 dead and more than and more than 75 wounded . Among them were three police officers , a paramilitary trooper and a 12-year-old boy . Police in various cities reported a total of 18 deaths as violence spread . Human rights activists say the final count will be much higher -- one that the government may be loath to share . Photographs that appeared on online blogs and websites show bodies lying on stairwells or cowered in building corners -- bullet wounds to the head or back , or a pool of blood beside them . To avoid a repeat of Sunday 's violence , police declared no rallies and gatherings can take place all day Monday in Dhaka . And they escorted the Islamist group 's leader out of Dhaka . So protesters focused their efforts elsewhere . In Narayanganj , a city near the capital , Islamists torched vehicles and fought pitched battles with police . In the port city of Chittagong , they clashed with police -- with fatalities reported but not confirmed . How it began The Islamists are members of the ultra-conservative Hefazat-e-Islami  Protectors of Islam  . They gathered Sunday in numbers that boggled the mind . Photos taken from balconies and rooftops showed a sea of bodies dressed in white panjabis and kufis -- both traditional Muslim attire in Bangladesh -- cramming the streets of Motijheel to the hilt . They demanded that the government enact laws that put to death anyone who blasphemed Islam . They called for mandatory Islamic education for all in this secular Muslim nation . They wanted a ban on statues , and the words "  absolute trust and faith in the Almighty Allah " reinstated in the constitution . They declared that men and women should not be allowed to mix freely in this country of 150 million . And they vowed they would not leave until their demands -- 13 in all -- were met . The ensuing confrontation was violent . And bloody . Country 's direction at stake What is happening in Bangladesh is a push and pull between two forces to determine the future direction of the country . In February , thousands and thousands of youths held a month-long sit-in in another part of the capital , Shahbag , demanding the death penalty for those who took part in war crimes during Bangladesh 's bloody battle for independence from Pakistan . Many of those accused of war crimes now hold prominent position in Islamist parties . Are you affected by the protests in Bangladesh ? Send us your thoughts and experiences but stay safe . The rallies , led by youths and fueled by social media , also tried to achieve something else : a ban on extreme fundamentalist parties . But Bangladesh is also the fourth most populous Muslim country in the world . And the radical elements of the religion were not going to sit by idly as those rallies grew . The Islamists let their presence known with larger and larger rallies and strikes , first in cities outside Dhaka and then in the capital city . Each time they came out , police officers with batons followed . Clashes ensued . Properties were destroyed . Lives were lost . The Islamists ' tactic has been to turn the criticism on its head : By criticizing them , they seemed to say , you criticize Islam . They called the Shahbag participants "  anti-Islamic atheists " who deserve death for defaming the religion but who are protected by the government . And so , when the Hefazat-e-Islami protesters gathered Sunday , that was one of their main demands : put to death these "  atheists . " Battles for hours Clashes broke out when Hefazat activists tried to break a police cordon . The street battles went on for hours , with police firing rubber bullets and tear gas and the Islamists hurling crude explosives and chunks of brick . Syed Ashraful Islam , secretary-general of the ruling Awami League and a government minister , said demonstrators set fire to the Communist Party of Bangladesh office and ransacked several other business establishments in central Dhaka . Shahriar Shahid , the managing editor of BSS , said the service had to suspend operations for the day after Hefazat activists set a fire at the entrance of its office . Blame to go around The government , rights groups say , shares blame not just for its crackdown but also for muffling the free speech of the Islamists . On Monday , authorities shut down the offices of pro-Islamist Diganta Television and Islami TV stations after they aired footage of the clashes . "  They came in early in the morning and ordered us closed , " staffer Tanvir Hussain told CNN . Information Minister Hasanul Haq Inu told reporters the stations "  provoked violence  by  spreading hatred and rumors . " Last month , the government shut down another opposition newspaper . "  This is what I and many others feared when the Shahbag movement started , " said Razab Chowdhury , a Bangladeshi expatriate in Fremont , California . "  Does it matter that Hefazat is misguided ? Does it matter that their vision of Islam is as twisted as the Taliban 's ? "  Before , I did n't know about these guys ; they were a fringe group that pranced about in Chittagong . Now security has stabilized situation , but I fear it is pushing the country closer to a civil war . " Reminders everywhere Monday morning , the reminders of the weekend violence were everywhere . Smoke smoldered from rubbish heaps . Fires burned inside ransacked stores . Bricks and rocks littered the streets . Shopkeepers held up pages from copies of Quran burned in shop fires and wailed , "  Those who did this are not Muslims . " Bulldozers pushed the debris to the side . Bangladesh is still reeling from the aftermath of a catastrophic building collapse last month where the death toll continues to mount : more than 650 by Monday . And now this . But Bangladeshis are resilient people . By Monday afternoon , the rickshaws and the cars were back on the streets in Motijheel . So were the street peddlers and the pedestrians . The cars blared their horns , the rickshaws squeezed into every available space . The pedestrians flung profanities . Life , it appeared , was slowly returning to normal . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed reported and wrote this story from Atlanta with information provided by journalists Morshed Ali Khan , Farid Ahmed and Sajjad Hussein in Dhaka , Bangladesh .	National news agency BSS puts the count at 14 dead Among them are three police officers , a paramilitary trooper and a 12-year-old boy Police declare no rallies can take place all day Monday in Dhaka In Narayanganj , a city near the capital , Islamists torch vehicles and fight police
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Fifteen people , most of them children , were killed in central Thailand on Friday after the brakes failed on a bus taking them on a school trip , sending the vehicle careening into a truck , police said . As the bus sped downhill , the students could do little but hold onto each other before the collision , according to Police Lt. Kittikarn Klomlee , who said he 'd spoken to survivors of the crash . The dead included 10 schoolgirls , two female teachers , the male partner of one of the teachers , and two children of teachers , said Kittikarn , who is in charge of the police investigation into the crash . About 60 people were injured , he said , adding that he does n't know the exact number because victims were sent to various hospitals in the area . Many of the injured survivors are in a serious condition , he said . The crash happened early Friday in Nadi district of Prachinburi province . The bus was taking school girls aged 10 to 14 from the neighboring province of Nakhon Ratchasima to the beach at the resort town of Pattaya , authorities said . Earlier Friday , a different local police official had incorrectly reported that 14 or 15 of the dead were children . Thailand has the second highest fatality rate from road crashes in the world , after Namibia , according to a report published this month by the Transportation Research Institute of the University of Michigan . CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong	NEW : Twelve children and three adults are killed in the crash , police say About 60 people are injured after a bus full of children collides with a truck The bus was taking dozens of schoolgirls on a trip to the beach Report : Thailand has one of the highest fatality rates from road crashes in the world
HONG KONG  CNN  -- He 's a three-time former champion and darling of the Roland Garros crowd , but this week Gustavo "  Guga " Kuerten took to the clay in Paris for the final time . Tennis great Gustavo Kuerten will retire after his appearance at this year 's French Open . He won the French Open as a virtual unknown in 1997 , repeating his triumph in 2000 and 2001 . The former world number one has suffered injuries and heartache during his 13-year career on the tour , and will be hanging up his racket after this event . Prior to going out in the first round to Paul-Henri Mathieu he told CNN about his Parisian love affair . CNN : How does it feel to be going into the tournament you 've won three times as the World number 1,140 , and it being the last tournament you 'll ever play ? GK : Actually the ranking does n't matter for me . When I decided to take this farewell tour I was n't looking for ranking points . I wanted to have the feelings that I had in the most special places for me , to enjoy them one last time , to see the people and the public . Today it 's still very hard for me to think that in a week , five days , it will be over . I try not to think about it too much . I have worked so hard the past three weeks to be in good shape to play at least one good match , that my mind is totally focused on the tournament , as if I were still competing , like in the past years . I arrived in Paris , and like every year I immediately went to Roland Garros and practiced on center court . It feels like it is a normal year , but there 's something different . CNN : What does the French Open mean to you ? GK : It means everything . It is here that everything happened to me . I have a love relationship with this tournament , since the first time I came here and over the years I think everything came together , the tournament , the fans and I , all having this love affair . I have so much respect for the tournament . For me it is the most important tournament in the world . All these years on the tour , I always worked out my schedule towards Roland Garros . CNN : What are your favorite memories of Roland Garros ? GK : It is very hard to pick just one , because everywhere I go here I have memories , even going back to the junior years . If I had to pick one match though , it would be the one against Michael Russell , in the 4th round in 2001 , when I drew the heart -LSB- on the court -RSB- for the first time . It was just an amazing feeling . After I won the match I felt like I was floating , a feeling that is very , very hard to find . CNN : How does the event compare to the other Grand Slam tournaments ? What makes it unique ? GK : For me I ca n't even compare . Everybody asked me over the years if I wanted to win Wimbledon , the U.S. Open or Australian Open ... Of course you want to win , but I would rather have won even more Roland Garros than these other Grand Slams . I think it is a combination of it being in Paris , being played on clay , the people and the courts . Even the clay in Roland Garros I think is unique ; it is different from any other clay court in the world . CNN : What do the crowds in Paris mean to you ? Will you draw another heart in the clay when you finally leave the court ? GK : I am not a guy who plans these things ahead . I like things to come naturally . Even when I drew the heart , it was something spontaneous and it ended up being something very special , that showed all the love I have for the tournament and the crowd . I know they are expecting me to speak some French , so I am trying to practice a little this week , but I do n't really know ... Let 's see how it goes . CNN : What else would you have like to have achieved in tennis ? GK : I could n't ask for anything else . I have achieved much more than I could ever expect . Even in my wildest dreams I could n't imagine that I would win Roland Garros three times , win the Masters Cup and become the number one tennis player in the world ... CNN : You 're a national hero in Brazil . How does it feel to go back home ? GK : I love being in Brazil . Many people asked me why I did n't buy a house in Monaco , or somewhere else , but I never wanted to live outside Brazil . I come from an island , a small city in the south of Brazil and people are used to seeing me there . Of course when I go to bigger cities , I stop for autographs , pictures , sometimes there is a crowd , but it 's OK , it 's satisfying . In the beginning I did n't really feel like an idol , but I learnt to deal with it and I feel proud to be an example and that people feel inspired by me . CNN : What will you miss most from giving up tennis ? GK : Ah , the competition for sure ... I am a very competitive guy . The one thing I wo n't miss though is all the traveling . CNN : What happens when the tennis stops ? GK : First I want to take a couple of months off , just to relax , surf and think what I want to do . But I definitely want to be involved with tennis , help develop tennis in Brazil and do more work for my institute , the Instituto Guga Kuerten .  www.igk.org.br /	Gustavo Kuerten plans to retire after his appearance at Roland Garros He has won the event three times over his 13-year career On the Open : "  For me it is the most important tournament in the world "
CNN  -- A single gene , called MYH9 , may be responsible for many cases of kidney disease among African-Americans , researchers say . Dr. Barry Freedman , right , speaks with a colleague in a dialysis center at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center . Although doctors have blamed hypertension for causing common forms of kidney disease in African-Americans , new research shows that high blood pressure may not be the chief cause . "  The MYH9 gene association in African-American kidney disease is the most powerful genetic cause of a common disease yet discovered , " said Dr. Barry Freedman , professor of internal medicine and nephrology at Wake Forest University , who led a team of researchers in isolating the gene . About 70 percent of African-Americans with non-diabetic forms kidney disease have the MYH9 gene , and many of them end up on dialysis , he said . The gene predisposes African-Americans to the kidney disease that was thought to stem from high blood pressure . It also gives them a higher risk of kidney disease associated with HIV . "  This genetic finding will forever change the way that we categorize the causes of kidney disease . It has the potential to lead to new treatment options to prevent this devastating disease , " Freedman said . Kidney disease is a serious health issue among African-Americans , who have a fourfold higher risk of developing all common forms of it than whites in the United States . Dr. Bryan Becker , president of the National Kidney Foundation , called the research "  seminal work " in identifying a gene associated with common kidney diseases . Still , the gene has not been shown to be the sole cause of kidney damage , Becker said . Diabetes and hypertension remain the most common causes of chronic kidney disease in the United States , he said . There is no reason to screen all African-Americans for the risk variant of this gene , or even all African-Americans with high blood pressure , because it is common among all African-Americans , Freedman said . Genetic screening would be most useful for people who have close relatives on dialysis , meaning they are at high risk , or individuals who want to donate kidneys , he said . There have not been studies on who should be screened , he said . Freedman conducted the research along with colleagues at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases and the Family Investigation of Nephropathy and Diabetes Study . The team discovered that the gene accounts for nearly half of kidney failure among African-Americans , including diabetic-related and non-diabetic-related kidney disease . Researchers are now exploring what kinds of environmental triggers might cause the gene to promote kidney failure . HIV seems to trigger the gene and cause kidney failure , he said . Many kidney doctors had theorized that African-Americans developed kidney disease more often than whites because they might not get to see their doctors as often , had more severe high blood pressure and faced other environmental stressors , Freedman said . But research shows that the risk variant of the MYH9 gene is more prevalent in among African-American populations than white populations and seems to explain much of the excess risk for non-diabetic kidney disease in African-Americans , he said . It is still important for people to treat hypertension , which can speed up the weakening of kidneys in people with kidney disease , Freedman said . Untreated high blood pressure also leads to heart attack and stroke , he said . Dr. Michael Roizen , chief wellness officer at the Cleveland Clinic and author of "  RealAge : Are You as Young as You Can Be ? " said the question still remains whether the gene initiates hypertension and kidney disease , and to what extent hypertension causes kidney disease . "  Most physicians would say that the reason blood pressure is so important is that higher levels of blood pressure cause kidney disease , and kidney disease cause higher levels blood pressure , and there 's a vicious circle , " he said . Becker also noted that researchers will have to sort out the interactions between the MYH9 gene and hypertension , as well as the gene and diabetes . No one knows why African-Americans tend to have a higher risk for hypertension . One controversial hypothesis , known as the Middle Passage theory , is that black people who survived the harrowing trip across the Atlantic Ocean from Africa in the holds of ships did so because their bodies were better able to preserve salt , allowing them to avoid death by dehydration . Therefore , the theory goes , some African-Americans have a higher prevalence of "  salt-sensitive hypertension " : Their blood pressure increases by unusually high amounts in response to salt . This theory has not been proved , or even widely studied , but the idea continues to permeate popular culture and generate discussion . The isolation of the MYH9 gene does not necessarily refute the theory , Roizen said . "  To survive , they had to retain salt , and they had to have a gene to help them do that , " he said .	Study : Gene predisposes African-Americans to common kidney disease Interactions between the MYH9 gene and hypertension are still unknown It is still important for people to treat hypertension , experts say
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is beefing up its firepower in Afghanistan by employing heavily armored tanks in Afghanistan for the first time in the nine-year war , a military spokesman said Friday . The U.S. Marine Corps plans to use a company of M1A1 Abrams tanks in restive Helmand province by early spring , Marine Maj. Gabrielle Chapin said . The M1A1 tank is the fastest and most deadly ground combat weapons system available . It will allow for more aggressive missions while mitigating risks to U.S. forces , the military said . The tanks were used successfully by U.S. forces to battle insurgents in Iraq 's Anbar province , Chapin said . "  They bring superior optics , maneuverability and precision firepower that will enable us to isolate insurgent forces from key population centers and provide the ability to project power into insurgent safe havens , " he said . Other coalition forces , including those from Canada , already have used tanks in Afghanistan . "  Quite frankly , given the nature of the fight , they are very much needed , " said Jeffrey Dressler , an analyst for the Institute for the Study of War . He said Gen. David Petraeus , who took over as the top American commander in Afghanistan in June , has taken a much more aggressive fight against the insurgency . The deployment of the tanks dovetails with that approach . They signal a more definitive presence for U.S. troops , said Col. John King , commander of the Georgia Army National Guard 's 48th Infantry Brigade , who led an armored battalion in Iraq during the worst of that war in 2005 and 2006 . "  The M1 tank is a formidable machine , " King said . "  It 's a formidable message . It signifies commitment , that we 're committed . " Each tank weighs 72 tons and can fire with precision from afar , mitigating risks for both U.S. forces and Afghan civilians . And , King said , the mere presence of the hulking tanks provides a psychological boost for the troops . "  It 's a tremendous combat multiplier , " he said . "  It 's a big deal . " He said that in Iraq , the mere sight of a tank made insurgents think twice about whether they wanted to fight . The company of 115 Marines in Helmand will have 15 tanks as they fight in an area that has been a hotbed of activity . The decision comes as Afghanistan tops the agenda at the NATO summit that started Friday in Lisbon , Portugal , and amid a dispute between Afghan President Hamid Karzai and NATO leaders over military strategy . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	The Marines plan to use a company of M1A1 Abrams tanks in Helmand province They are the most lethal ground weapons system available , U.S. military says They are "  very much needed , " a war analyst says Officers tout tanks ' precision , message of commitment , psychological boost
CNN  -- Recent newspaper articles and a flurry of online responses have put the role of job training in our economic recovery under a microscope . Even in the midst of high unemployment , some industries are having trouble finding workers with the right skills . And yet some people graduating from federally funded workforce programs are still not able to find jobs . This "  new " debate actually reflects a question policymakers have asked for several decades : Does job training work ? But is this the right question to ask ? Experts project an increasing gap between workforce skills and employer needs . The gap is already pressing in some places and will worsen as the economy recovers . For example , in Cleveland , Ohio , manufacturers have had difficulty finding people with the English , math and technical skills to operate the high-tech machinery that today 's jobs require . Worker skills are a critical ingredient in making any business go -- ask any small or medium-sized business owner , particularly in industries facing global competition . Other national governments invest a much larger portion of their GDP in worker skills . Training can not erase the job losses we have seen in the past year , but done right it could build worker skills and help American businesses compete in the global economy . If we want to deal with the skills gap and put more Americans to work , then training is the only option . So the question is not whether training works , but rather what kind of training is most effective ? So what 's wrong with the way training works now ? Our current approach is built on the idea that getting someone quickly into the workforce is the best first step . Today , the lion 's share of public workforce training dollars is spent on short-term job readiness training -- basic computer skills , interview prep , and resume development -- rather than on industry-specific skills . Organizations that offer workforce services are typically funded to get people quickly into jobs , an approach to workforce development that was built during the high-employment '90s when it was much easier to find a job . In this economy , that approach is not working as well . But there is an approach that works better . Some organizations -- swimming against the tide of public policy and supported in large part by private philanthropy -- have developed an approach known as sectoral employment . This approach cultivates a deep understanding of local industries and employers and provides training that is closely tailored to their needs . At Public/Private Ventures  P/PV  , we have just completed a rigorous evaluation of three such programs : one in New York 's South Bronx that prepares people for jobs in the IT industry , another in Boston , Massachusetts , that trains medical billers , and a third in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , that focuses on both health care and construction . Following a two-year study funded by the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation , the results are clear and difficult to dispute : Participants in these sector-based programs were more likely to be employed and found jobs with higher wages and better access to benefits than those who did not participate in the programs . They earned about $ 4,000 more , or 29 percent , in the study 's second year alone . What makes these programs work ? First , a flexible and nimble organization that has the ability to make connections between local employers and job seekers and that can marshal money from public and private sources to provide needed training . On their face , these programs might not look much alike , yet they share key elements , including an understanding of what local employers need and a focus on teaching relevant technical skills ; a careful recruitment and screening process that helps ensure a good match between program participants and available jobs ; and connections to resources that participants might need -- like child care subsidies and transportation assistance -- to complete training and succeed on the job . This study shows that job training can work -- if it is closely tied to local labor market needs and offered by organizations nimble enough to change as those needs , and the needs of workers , change . The study was referenced on July 19 , as the House passed the Strengthening Employment Clusters to Organize Regional Success Act of 2010 , with bipartisan support . This legislation is an effort to provide more resources for developing programs that bridge the gap between employer needs and worker skills -- a complex and vitally important task as the economy begins to recover . The SECTORS Act reflects a growing understanding on both sides of the aisle that investing in skills is critical to our economic recovery . The Senate should move to pass it quickly . But much more needs to be done to foster public policies that support effective sectoral programs -- and to expand our base of knowledge about successful approaches to training . We must invest in research that will help us better understand the many types of programs that fall under the umbrella of "  sectoral employment , " improve their ability to serve job seekers , and , crucially , forge a path by which effective approaches to training may be brought to scale . Among other things , this research should examine specific program practices and costs ; the role of sector-based programs in supporting local businesses ; and the most effective mix of services for different populations . The debate about whether or not training works is a distraction from the urgent need to learn more about and build on the specific strategies that have demonstrated success . Developing an effective workforce training system is too important for America 's workers and businesses to let it be derailed by an outdated debate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheila Maguire .	Experts have debated whether job training works , says Sheila Maguire She says giving people basic job skills is n't enough Maguire : New research says training people in specific industry sectors pays off Job training needs to be tailored to the kinds of skills employers need , she says
At least 45 people were killed and 60 others wounded Sunday when a suicide bomber attacked a crowd watching a volleyball match in the Yahyakhil district of Afghanistan 's southeastern Paktika province , according to a spokesman for the provincial governor . In 2010 , a suicide car bomb exploded in the middle of a group of men playing volleyball , a popular sport in the region , in northwest Pakistan . That attack left 30 people dead and 52 wounded . Sunday 's attack comes the same day the nation 's parliament agreed to allow U.S. and NATO forces to remain in Afghanistan after 2014 . It 's unusual for an attack in Afghanistan to kill so many people . Only a few comparable incidents come up in the University of Maryland 's Global Terrorism Database , which tracks acts of terror from 1970 to 2013 . In October 2012 , a suicide bomber dressed in a police uniform attacked a mosque in the city of Maymana in Faryab province , according to the database . At least 42 people , including 19 members of the Afghan security forces , were killed and another 50 people injured in that blast . No group claimed responsibility for the incident , but sources attributed it to the Taliban . In April 2013 , nine attackers dressed as soldiers killed 53 people at a courthouse complex where several Taliban members were standing trial in the city of Farah . At least one suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the entrance to the complex , while the other attackers entered other buildings and began shooting and throwing grenades . About 93 additional people were wounded . All of the attackers died , Global Terrorism Database reports . The Taliban said it was behind the carnage .	Suicide bomber sets off explosives at a volleyball match , killing at least 45 people An attack at a volleyball match in Pakistan left 30 people dead in 2010 Attack comes as parliament approves NATO staying in Afghanistan past 2014
CNN  -- Jane Goodall left her home in London for the wilds of Africa when she was just 26-years-old driven by the love of and the fascination for animals . Jane Goodall has spent a lifetime studying primates . Despite no formal training , her enthusiasm to study primates led to the key discovery that chimpanzees have abilities and personalities similar to humans . Five decades on , and Dr. Goodall is now a tireless campaigner for conservation and environmental causes , especially the need to protect natural habitat . With Goodall 's global Roots and Shoots movement , her work has moved from the jungle to the classroom and much of that effort has been focused on educating the next generation . Jane Goodall will be on CNN African Voices on Saturday , October 24 , 12.30 and 19.30 GMT , and Sunday , October 25 , 18.00 GMT	World renowned British primatologist is a tireless conservationist Worked over five decades in Africa studying apes and educating others Her Roots and Shoots movement is set on educating next generation
CNN  -- Myanmar 's Aung San Suu Kyi gave her Nobel speech in Norway on Saturday , more than two decades after she won the peace prize . Her presence in Oslo , Norway , on a historic first trip to Europe after years of house arrest , signals the progress toward reform in Myanmar , also known as Burma , over the past year . Suu Kyi was unable to accept the Nobel when it was awarded in 1991 because she was under house arrest in Myanmar . Her husband and two sons accepted it then on her behalf , paying tribute to her sacrifice . Greeted by heartfelt applause from those gathered in Oslo City Hall , Suu Kyi spoke of what peace meant to her and also of her country 's fragile progress toward democratic reform . "  Over the past year there have been signs that the endeavors of those who believe in democracy and human rights are beginning to bear fruit in Burma . There have been changes in a positive direction ; steps towards democratization have been taken , " she said . "  If I advocate cautious optimism it is not because I do not have faith in the future but because I do not want to encourage blind faith . " Speaking as a former prisoner of conscience , she appealed for the "  earliest , unconditional release " of all prisoners of conscience still held in Myanmar . Of her own work for democracy , she said it had never occurred to her that it might one day lead to any award or honor . "  The prize we were working for was a free , secure and just society where our people might be able to realize their full potential . The honor lay in our endeavor . History had given us the opportunity to give of our best for a cause in which we believed , " she said . "  When the Nobel Committee chose to honor me , the road I had chosen of my own free will became a less lonely path to follow . For this I thank the Committee , the people of Norway and peoples all over the world whose support has strengthened my faith in the common quest for peace . " Earlier in her speech , she explained how the prize at first "  did not seem quite real " but that her understanding of it changed through her long isolation under house arrest , as she became aware of how it was being discussed in the wider world . The peace prize "  had made me real once again ; it had drawn me back into the wider human community . And what was more important , the Nobel Prize had drawn the attention of the world to the struggle for democracy and human rights in Burma . We were not going to be forgotten . " She said the prize , for her , meant extending her concern for democracy and human rights beyond national borders . What Suu Kyi 's moment shows us And years later , much of the world is still seeking peace as "  negative forces " eat away at its foundations , she said . "  Fires of suffering and strife are raging around the world . In my own country , hostilities have not ceased in the far north ; to the west , communal violence resulting in arson and murder were taking place just several days before I started out on the journey that has brought me here today . " Introducing Suu Kyi , Norwegian Nobel Committee chairman ThorbjÃ ¸ rn Jagland paid tribute to her "  awe-inspiring tenacity , sacrifice , and firmness of principle . " He recalled how her son accepted the award on her behalf in 1991 , and the challenges Suu Kyi faced during her long years of house arrest in Myanmar , during which her husband died in Britain . "  You carry a heavy burden on your shoulders . No one can be certain of what the future will bring . But today you are here . And we know for sure that you can return home , " he said . "  Few have done more than you have to make the world a better place for all of us . We thank you for your fearlessness , your tenacity and your strength . "  You bring hope to the oppressed people across the world . Your life is a message to all of us ... You have paid a high price but you have been spreading hope , and the world needs hope . " Speaking to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour from Oslo ahead of the ceremony , Suu Kyi explained that she was still exploring the question of what peace means . "  My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace -- it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world . So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war , but to all other factors that threaten peace , such as discrimination , such as inequality , poverty , " she said . Jagland : What Suu Kyi 's moment shows us While in Europe , Suu Kyi is also scheduled to address both houses of the British Parliament , be the guest of honor at a concert in Dublin , Ireland , and celebrate her 67th birthday with family . The trip is Suu Kyi 's second abroad since she returned to Myanmar , also known as Burma , in 1988 to care for her dying mother , and comes on the heels of her first trip outside the country earlier this year . Suu Kyi was recently elected to parliament as her National League for Democracy won dozens of seats in by-elections . It remains a minority in parliament , but the elections marked a turning point for the country after decades of oppression by its military rulers . A military coup in September 1988 put Gen. Saw Maung in power , setting off anti-government demonstrations and a crackdown that left hundreds dead . Suu Kyi -- whose husband , Michael Aris , remained in England -- became a leading activist and co-founder of an opposition group , the National League for Democracy . She was placed under house arrest for the first time the following July on charges of trying to divide the military . She spent much of the next two decades confined to her home by the ruling junta . When her party won the 1990 general election in a landslide vote , the military rulers -- in power since 1962 -- refused to let the National League for Democracy serve , nullifying the results . A year later , Suu Kyi won the European Parliament 's Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought as well as the Nobel Peace Prize , which cited her "  nonviolent struggle for democracy and human rights . " But she remained in detention . Accepting the prize at the time on his mother 's behalf , Alexander Aris said , "  I personally believe that , by her own dedication and personal sacrifice , she has come to be a worthy symbol through whom the plight of all the people of Burma may be recognized . " The military rulers have since loosened their grip on power , allowing a series of democratic reforms . Her house arrest ended in 2010 , and she was able to travel around the country during her party 's election campaign this year . Smiling Suu Kyi lays out ` ambitious ' plan for Myanmar	NEW : Aung San Suu Kyi says she advocates "  cautious optimism " because she fears blind faith NEW : She appeals for all prisoners of conscience still held in Myanmar to be freed She says being awarded the prize meant the plight of her country was not forgotten She was given the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 , but was under house arrest in Myanmar
More than 50 million people worldwide currently are refugees , asylum seekers or internally displaced within their own countries , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday , in a new report released to mark World Refugee Day . That figure is more than the entire population of Spain , South Africa or South Korea , or more than double the population of Australia . The 51.2 million registered for 2013 is also 6 million more than the 45.2 million reported in 2012 , according to the UNHCR 's annual Global Trends report -- a big jump in the wrong direction . The huge increase was driven mainly by the war in Syria , which at the end of last year had created 2.5 million refugees and displaced another 6.5 million people within Syria , the report said . Major internal displacement was also seen last year in Africa , in the Central African Republic and South Sudan , where conflicts have taken on an increasingly ethnic nature . "  We are seeing here the immense costs of not ending wars , of failing to resolve or prevent conflict , " said U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres . While humanitarian organizations can provide some relief , he said , "  political solutions are vitally needed . Without this , the alarming levels of conflict and the mass suffering that is reflected in these figures will continue . " The latest conflict in Iraq , where Sunni extremist fighters are advancing southward toward Baghdad , does n't figure in the report since it covers 2013 . But more than 1 million people have been displaced by fighting in Iraq so far this year -- half of them in the past couple of weeks . That 's about one in 30 people nationwide who have fled their homes . The soaring number of refugees means more demand on the world 's wealthier donor countries to provide aid and on those nations on the front lines to shelter and absorb the refugees . Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey and Iraq have all taken in large numbers of refugees from Syria since its 3-year-old civil war began . Speaking in Geneva , Switzerland , on Friday , Guterres warned that if the current conflict in Iraq worsens , prompting citizens to flee the country , the region will come under even greater strain . "  Looking at the region , one asks ourselves , how can refugees from Iraq be received in the context of all the other situations that exist around Iraq ? " he said . "  So , I hope that this outflow will never come because the capacity of the region to deal with it is practically nonexistent . " According to the report , the total number of refugees registered with the UNHCR and its sister organization , the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine , in 2013 totaled 16.7 million . The largest populations were from Afghanistan , Syria and Somalia -- together accounting for more than half of the global refugee total , the UNHCR said . By region , Asia and the Pacific had the largest refugee population overall at 3.5 million people , the report said . Sub-Saharan Africa had 2.9 million , while the Middle East and North Africa had 2.6 million . Another 1.1 million people submitted applications for asylum last year , according to the report , the majority of them in developed countries , with Germany a favorite . Asylum seekers from Syria lodged the most applications , some 64,000 , followed by the Democratic Republic of Congo and Myanmar . More than 25,000 asylum applications were filed by children who were on their own or separated from their parents , in what the UNHCR said was a record number . There were relatively few refugee returns in 2013 , the report said , totaling fewer than 415,000 . Opinion : Deterring and denying asylum seekers in Australia Iraqis choking roads to Kurdistan fear airstrikes , wanton violence	U.N. registered 51.2 million as refugees , asylum seekers or internally displaced last year Afghans , Syrians and Somalis make up more than half the total 16.7 million refugees "  We are seeing here the immense costs of not ending wars , " says UNHCR chief More than a million people have been displaced in Iraq just this year by violence
CNN  Congo looks set for the quarterfinals after securing its first victory at the finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for 41 years with an upset 1-0 win over favored Gabon Wednesday . Gabon , who topped Group A after an opening victory over Burkina Faso , fell victim to a Prince Oniangue goal early in the second half and wayward finishing . The vital win in Congo 's first appearance at AFCON since 2000 leaves Claude Le Roy 's team needing just a draw from its final group game against Burkina Faso to reach the quarterfinals . Oniangue , who plays for Reims in the French top-flight , grabbed his goal after Gabon failed to clear a 48th minute corner . Gabon should have leveled midway through the half when Frederic Bulot sent a shot wide with the goal at his mercy . Bulot 's first time volley early in the match had nearly put Gabon into an early lead but it was turned over the crossbar by Christoffer Mafoumbi in the Congo goal . Mafoumbi also made a fine save from Gabon 's star player Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang after a free kick , but after the break Congo came more into the game and deserved its victory to move onto four points after two games . Earlier , 2013 runner-up Burkina Faso and host Equatorial Guinea played to a goalless draw , leaving both sides looking for victories in the final round of group matches to advance further in the 16-team competition . Burkina Faso is left with just one point from two games and seemingly out of luck after Alain Traore twice saw first half efforts strike the woodwork . The home side offered little in attack until after the break when Javier Balboa embarked on a brilliant solo run and set up Ellong Viera to shoot wastefully over the crossbar . Home coach Esteban Becker was delighted with his side 's display and a second point earned in the finals . "  I 'm not just satisfied , I 'm very satisfied . I 'm very proud of this young team , which is 100 percent Equatoguinean and everyone wants to defend the country 's colors , " the Argentine told AFP . "  Burkina Faso are very strong opponents . They have eight players who play in the French league and we are like ants compared to them , " he added . Burkina Faso coach Paul Put rued the missed chances . "  Our problem is finishing , I ca n't understand . We created lots of chances . Equatorial Guinea did not have as many , " he said .	Congo beats Gabon 1-0 in Group A match Win puts Congo top of the group Burkina Faso and host Equatorial Guinea goalless in earlier match 2013 runner-up Burkina Faso bottom of group
Health.com  -- Waste happens . Every cook knows that . Still , discovering wilted herbs or a loaf of stale bread can make you feel careless . Plus , tossing out food is expensive ! The average American household discards between $ 500 and $ 2,000 worth of food a year . But there are clever ways to minimize waste , by storing food carefully or preserving it at its peak to enjoy later , says Sherri Brooks Vinton , author of "  Put 'Em Up , " a book about preserving food . Here , a few of our favorites . Bread The problem : You bought more loaves than you need . Use it now : Cooks the world over have come up with smart ways to use old bread . A super-quick one : croutons . Cut bread into cubes , toss with a little olive oil and salt , and toast in a 275-degree oven for about 20 minutes , shaking the pan halfway through , until golden . Cool , then store in an airtight container for up to two weeks . They 're delicious in soups and salads , or crushed and sprinkled over pasta . Save it for later : While it 's still fresh , place a sliced loaf right in the freezer . Then , pull out slices as you need them and pop them in the toaster . "  People do n't think of the freezer as a preserving mechanism , but it is , " Vinton says . Health.com : Essential items for a healthy pantry Fresh fruit The problem : Buying fruit in season is wise . "  The vitamin content of seasonal produce is at its peak , " says Christina Munsell , research associate at the Yale Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity . But we often buy more than we can eat . Use it now : You do n't need a recipe to make fruit salad -- most kinds go together naturally . Just cut up what you have  skip bananas , which go mushy ; see the tip below  . Add one-quarter teaspoon of vanilla , a generous squeeze of citrus  to slow browning  , and a drizzle of honey . Set the bowl front and center in your fridge ; it 'll be the first thing everyone sees when they go snack-hunting . 40 % of U.S. food wasted , report says Save it for later : Most soft fruit  berries , kiwi , peaches  freeze well in lightly sweetened syrup . Toss with sugar  1 teaspoon per cup of fruit  and let it stand until it releases its juices ; transfer to a freezer-safe plastic bag , squeeze out the air , and freeze for up to nine months . Firmer fruit like apples and pears can be simmered in a covered pot , with a squeeze of lemon juice , a splash of water , and a couple of tablespoons of sugar , until barely limp ; when cool , transfer to a container , and freeze . What about bananas ? Peel ripe bananas , break into chunks , and place in a freezer-safe bag . You wo n't like them thawed -- too mushy -- but you can add frozen pieces to smoothies  they wo n't make them watery , as ice does  . Health.com : Healthy milk shake and smoothie recipes Seasonal vegetables The problem : They have a habit of hiding out in dark corners of the fridge until they 're beyond revival . Use it now : As with fruit , the flavors of most vegetables marry well . Cut whatever you have into bite-size pieces , sautÃ © a diced onion in a soup pot , and add the veggies  starting with the firmest , since they take longest to cook  . Cover with vegetable broth and simmer until tender . PurÃ © e or eat chunky . Save it for later : Make your own frozen veggies . Prepare them as you 'd cook them , except stop when they 're halfway done . You can steam or boil green beans , corn , broccoli , and chard , then quickly rinse in cold water to stop the cooking , and drain and pack in freezer-safe bags . Or pickle your veggies . Health.com : 11 things it 's best to buy organic Herbs The problem : Your holiday dish calls for a pinch of dill . That leaves you with nine sprigs that are fading fast . Use it now : Fresh herbs are flavor powerhouses , so it can be tricky to improvise without a recipe . A few combos that work deliciously : Try thyme , rosemary , and bay leaf with chicken ; add rosemary , parsley , and sage to pork . Toss mint , dill , and cilantro in your salads or green veggie dishes . Save it for later : To preserve tender herbs  dill , cilantro , parsley  , make a sauce or paste  think pesto  with olive or vegetable oil . PurÃ © e the cleaned leaves in a food processor with the oil and a little salt . Cilantro oil , for example , can later be mixed with coconut milk , chilies , lime , and soy sauce to make a Thai sauce for fish or chicken . Herb pastes keep up to one week in the refrigerator  drizzle oil over the top to prevent browning  and up to six months in the freezer . Health.com : The healthiest alternatives to olive oil Hardy herbs , like rosemary and sage , meanwhile , are easy to dry . Clean a bunch , grasp the stems , tie with string , then suspend , leaves down , in a dry room . When herbs crumble , transfer to a jar and store in a cool , dry place . Or submerge herbs in a bottle of white-wine vinegar . The flavor will spruce up your salads for months . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	The average U.S. household discards up to $ 2,000 in food each year There are ways to store food carefully or preserve it to enjoy later Fruit can be made into a fruit salad or frozen for later use Preserve herbs by making a paste or sauce , or dry hardier herbs
CNN  -- Peru will face either Argentina or Uruguay in the Copa America semifinals after claiming a shock 2-0 last eight victory over Colombia on Saturday . After a goalless 90 minutes , Peru scored the opening goal 11 minuites into extra time when Carlos Lobaton reacted first to fire the ball home after goalkeeper Luis Martinez fumbled an attempted punched clearance . And they sealed their victory six minutes into the second period when Paolo Guerrero set Juan Vargas free on the counter-attack -- and the Fiorentina star drilled home the decisive second goal . Colombia went into the match as firm favorites to progess after winning their group ahead of Argentina , while Peru scraped through as a best third-placed finisher from the group section . However , they missed a host of chances to win the match in extra time , notably when highly-rated Porto striker Radamel Falcao fired a penalty wide . Dayro Moreno hit the post and Fredy Guarin the crossbar as Colombia did everything but score during regulation time . And they were made to pay for those misses as Peru netted twice in extra time to reach the semifinals for the first time since 1997 .	Peru shock Colombia 2-0 top reach the semifinals of the Copa America Two goals in extra time sink Colombia for whom Radamel Falcao missed a penalty Peru will now face either hosts Argentina or Uruguay for a place in the final
CNN  -- By now , you 've likely seen the shocking video -- professional football player Ray Rice punching his future wife out cold in an Atlantic City casino elevator and dragging her limp body out . There 's been so much to this saga , much of it developing very quickly every day this week . The latest is that the NFL has hired former FBI director Robert Mueller to lead an investigation into how the league handled the case involving the ex-Baltimore Ravens ' running back . We have to say former because Rice was fired this week . In this important story involving arguably America 's most treasured sport , who said what when ? Who knew what when ? And where is this all going ? CNN breaks it down . Can you explain this from the beginning ? This timeline is a great place to start to learn how far back this elevator incident goes -- it happened early in the morning on February 15 -- and the twists and turns continued until this past Monday when TMZ published a bombshell surveillance tape that revealed what happened inside the elevator . Until Monday , Ray Rice 's punishment was a two-game suspension , a fine and an agreement to attend a rehabilitation program that some legal experts say could have cleared him of a third-degree aggravated assault charge if he met certain requirements . The TMZ tape hit and then what ? On September 8 , TMZ published surveillance footage that showed Ray Rice punching Janay Palmer . She is now Janay Rice . The couple married a little more than a month after the February elevator incident . When TMZ posted the tape on its website , Rice was about two weeks away from rejoining the Ravens on the field . But after TMZ 's Monday reporting , the situation changed for the ball player . Rice was released from his contract . Both he and NFL commissioner Roger Goodell faced incredible criticism . Current and former players and sports world insiders demanded to know if the league had asked for the tape and questioned how Goodell handled the whole matter . See some of those angered after seeing the TMZ tape What did the NFL commissioner say after TMZ published the video ? On September 9 , Goodell talked to CBS . He said that no one in the NFL had seen the tape TMZ published showing what happened inside the elevator . The NFL had only seen another video that showed the exterior of the elevator and Rice dragging Janay out of it . About that scene -- in which Rice is seen pulling his unconscious fiancÃ © e out of the elevator , face-down -- Goodell said , "  It was ambiguous about what actually happened " inside the elevator . CBS 's Norah O'Donnell asked : "  But what was ambiguous about her laying unconscious on the floor being dragged out by her feet ? " "  There was nothing ambiguous about that , " Goodell replied . "  That was the result that we saw . We did not know what led up to that . We did not know the details of that . " See the rest of the CBS interview Goodell said no one at the league saw the videotape of Rice hitting his wife . Why ? Goodell told CBS that the NFL had requested all materials related to the case from law enforcement but did not receive anything . "  On multiple occasions , we asked for it , " he said . "  And on multiple occasions we were told no . " On Tuesday , NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said that security for Atlantic City casinos is handled by New Jersey State Police . "  Any videos related to an ongoing criminal investigation are held in the custody of the state police . As we said yesterday : We requested from law enforcement any and all information about the incident , including the video from inside the elevator . That video was not made available to us , " McCarthy said in a statement . Reaction to Goodell 's handling of the Rice case was severe . Some sports observers and current and former players blasted him for giving Rice too light a punishment with the two-game suspension , and others said they doubted Goodell was being truthful that he 'd not seen the tape showing what happened inside the elevator . Several questioned if he had really pushed hard enough to get it . CBS asked Goodell if he thought his job was on the line . He said no . What is this about a news report contradicting Goodell 's claims ? On Wednesday , the Associated Press , citing an unnamed law enforcement source , reported that the video showing the violence inside the elevator was actually given to the NFL five months ago . The law enforcement official told the AP that in early April , he sent the video to an NFL executive . The official played a 12-second voicemail recorded April 9 from an NFL office number , the AP reported , in which a female voice confirmed that the video had been received . According to the AP , she expressed thanks and said , "  You 're right . It 's terrible . " How is the former director of the FBI involved ? On Wednesday , the NFL said that Mueller , the FBI chief from 2001 to 2013 , will have access to all NFL records . According to league spokesman Greg Aiello , two NFL owners who are attorneys -- John Mara of the New York Giants and Art Rooney II of the Pittsburgh Steelers -- will oversee the investigation . "  Many of us were dissatisfied with the original two-game suspension of Ray Rice , " Mara said in a statement Wednesday . Goodell "  took responsibility for that in his August 28th memo to the owners when he stated , ' I did n't get it right . Simply put , we have to do better . And we will . ' He then took appropriate steps to address this matter . " The NFL 's policy on domestic violence "  has been strengthened , " he said , saying that the league has a "  strong partnership with anti-domestic violence groups , " and will "  be a better league for it going forward . " Mara was referring to a change in policy that Goodell made recently that any NFL employees -- not just players -- who are determined to have committed battery , assault , domestic violence or sexual assault would be suspended without pay for six games for a first offense . Second-time offenders would be banned from the league for at least a year . "  My understanding is that the League and the Ravens made repeated requests to obtain the video of the Ray Rice incident and were denied each time , " Mara 's statement continued . "  The notion that the League should have gone around law enforcement to obtain the video is , in my opinion , misguided , as is the notion that the Commissioner 's job is now in jeopardy . The video is appalling , and I believe that the team and the League took appropriate action after they finally had the opportunity to view it . "  There is no place for domestic violence in our sport or in our society , " he said , "  and we are committed to doing our part to prevent such heinous acts going forward . " How are people reacting now ? " #FireGoodell " and "  ResignGoodell " are trending on Twitter Thursday . Some current and former NFL players blasted Goodell on social media . The commissioner "  should be held accountable for his lack of action just like Ray Rice has finally been held accountable for his actions , " free agent and former New Orleans Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma tweeted Wednesday . The same night , San Diego Chargers free safety Eric Weddle tweeted : "  As a husband , father and player I 'm embarrassed to be associated with the NFL right now ! " "  NFL Players Association should demand that Ray Rice be banned from the NFL . I 'd be damned if I had to be associated w / him -LSB- Rice -RSB- , " tweeted nine-year NFL veteran Coy Wire . Some feel there needs to be a broader examination of how the NFL handles allegations of domestic violence . An opinion piece Thursday by CNN legal analyst Mel Robbins brings up other cases and demands that Goodell lose his job . The National Organization for Women , a longtime advocacy organization for women 's rights , dismissed Mueller 's appointment as "  just window dressing , " and was leading its web site Thursday with #ResignGoodell . In other football circles , Baltimore Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti admitted he did n't handle the Rice situation properly . He said he did n't see the video from inside the elevator and made false assumptions about what happened .	The NFL says it did not see the video showing Ray Rice striking his then-fiancÃ © e AP report cites law enforcement source who says he gave NFL the video Current , former players blast NFL commissioner
CNN  -- She hit the big time in the 1980 's with Eurythmics and found huge success as a solo artist with her 1992 album "  Diva " , but for singer Annie Lennox , being able to express her passion has always been the motivating factor in whatever she 's done . Annie Lennox will continue to SING with her AIDS awareness charity . As a result her musical career has taken a back seat to her political activism and charity work in recent years ; most notably with SING her AIDS awareness in Africa charity , as well as working with Amnesty , Save the Children and as a UNICEF ambassador . Yet the 54-year-old maintains that she 'll always keep singing as well as working on the other things that she feels passionate about . "  I 'm a multi-tasker . I have to do a lot of things at once . I love music . And I want to keep making music . I hope that I 'll always be a music-maker and I 'll always be an activist , " she told CNN in Hong Kong . Growing up in Aberdeen , Scotland , Lennox found enormous success with Eurythmics and the 1983 album "  Sweet Dreams " and single of the same name . It catapulted her to international success and stardom , something she had always wanted , but at first found difficult to adjust to . "  We were really on a whole kind of roller coaster with -LSB- Eurythmics -RSB- , which on the one hand I was very grateful for , and on the other hand , it sort of sucked out your life , any sort of privacy , " she said . "  Just the ability to be anonymous which I absolutely really value . I love to just to be mixing with people and not have to be the one person in the room with the spotlight and the heads all turning . So that was a little bit hard to adapt to ... I might as well have a neon light for a head . " She 's sold over 80 million records during a career that has spanned four decades , which she credits to hard graft fueled by an unending passion for music . "  The glamour side to it is what we see as the end result . But all the rest of it is hard work and dedication . And it 's not easy always , you have to be very focused . And you have to be really , really motivated to do it . You have to have a kind of yearning , a passion for that . "  I was never thinking , ` Oh , I 'm in this for the long haul . ' I just think as I 'm still thinking , I want to have a life where I 'm able to do the thing that makes me feel alive . " Aware of the downsides of a career in music , Lennox also has a greater sense of the perils and pitfall in life , something she has often expressed in her music . "  I have encountered individuals and I 've encountered things in the industry that were vile . Bad things happen everywhere . And the music industry and all that surrounds it , is no exception . " . Having experienced unscrupulous people in the music industry and been through her own personal upheaval through two failed marriages , Lennox remain passionate , energetic and sanguine . Ultimately , she says , "  its all part of life 's rich tapestry . "	Sold over 80 million records in career that has spanned four decades Found success first with Eurythmics , British band founded with Dave Stewart Lennox set up SING charity to combat HIV and AIDS in Africa
CNN  -- As the world struggles to come to terms with the horror of another passenger jet falling from the skies , the full picture of how and why Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 came down over eastern Ukraine is far from clear . The United States believes a surface-to-air missile brought the Boeing 777 down over territory held by pro-Russian separatists but has n't indicated who 's responsible -- though both sides in the ongoing civil conflict in Ukraine blame each other . According to a top Ukrainian official , the airliner , which was en route to Kuala Lumpur from Amsterdam with nearly 300 people on board , was flying at about 10,000 meters  nearly 33,000 feet  over the Donetsk region of eastern Ukraine when the missile hit . A number of airlines have since re-routed services away from the region , prompting questions about whether commercial aircraft should be anywhere near conflict zones anyway . "  Was this an accident waiting to happen for any airliner flying over that part of the Ukraine -- and there were plenty of them ? " asked CNN aviation expert Richard Quest . "  Although there had been restrictions over Crimea , in this part of Ukraine there are no restrictions . The space between the ground and 32,000 feet had been closed by the Ukrainians . Above 32,000 feet it was open . This plane was not doing anything wrong being where it was . "  We can argue whether restrictions should have been in place with everything going on there , but when that pilot flew that route ... there was nothing wrong with doing so . " "  That part of Ukraine is essentially ungoverned space , and when you have ungoverned space you have these kinds of calamities , " said retired U.S. Army major general and CNN military analyst James "  Spider " Marks . "  Sadly , we should not be surprised by this . " Russian weapon "  We do n't know who had their finger on the trigger , but clearly this is Russian kit , whether in Ukrainian hands or in Russian , " he added . Analysts believe this "  kit " could be a Buk missile system . Known as the SA-11 among NATO forces , it was developed by the Soviets and operated by both Russian and Ukrainian forces , according to retired Brig. Gen. Kevin Ryan , director of the Defense and Intelligence Project at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard University . As to where the order came from , Marks suggested air defense units could be operating without central control . "  It could be an independent process , " he said . "  That means individual operators of that launcher or mobile air defense system can engage targets at will based on certain profiles -- they see an aircraft , its altitude , it does n't transpond in a way they can figure out , so their initial reading is that it 's military and they fire because they have the authority . What you 'd prefer to have is some back-up systems , but that was clearly not the case here . " Investigation worry With much of the wreckage believed to be in territory held by separatists near the Russian border , there 's concern that international inspectors may not be granted access to conduct a proper investigation before the crash site is "  contaminated " or tampered with . "  Ultimately , the international community is going to demand that there is a proper , full investigation , " said Quest . Matthew L. Wald , a reporter with the New York Times , told CNN it was important to bring in a skilled investigator to look for clues in the wreckage . "  What you look for in a ` shoot down ' or explosion is the condition of the metal . Are there shrapnel holes ? Are their entry wounds and exit wounds -- something that went through the airframe ? Are there bends in the metal characteristic of high explosives ? If someone skilled can find it , they 'll be able to make a diagnosis . " Cockpit clue He said the aircraft 's cockpit voice recorder could also provide vital clues if they survived a possible blast . "  You might catch conversations between the crew . This has happened before in airplanes that were shot down , where it 's clear pilots were talking to each other about damage to the plane . They know what 's happened and that would makes things clearer , " said Wald . "  There 's no reason why we should n't get the recorders , " added Quest . "  Yes , there was a very violent fire and a very violent crash , but this thing is designed for this . " Yet it 's by no means certain that outside assistance will be permitted inside such a volatile area . However , Wald says that there is a precedent for data recovery . "  When the Soviets shot down Korean Airlines Flight 007  in 1983  ... they said they 'd recovered nothing . "  The father of a young college student was on that plane . Hans Ephraimson-Abt went to Moscow , went to  President  Gorbachev and brought back the black box -- and that cockpit voice recorder told a lot . " The friends and relatives of Flight 17 will be hoping they will be spared the anguish of not knowing too .	The United States believes a surface-to-air missile brought Malaysia Airlines jet down Quest : We can argue whether restrictions should have been in place with everything going on there A number of airlines have since re-routed services away from the Ukraine region Analysts worry about international inspectors being given access to crash site
CNN  -- After a weekend of rumors , it 's finally official : Heidi Klum and Seal are now the proud parents of a baby girl , Klum 's representative confirmed . Heidi Klum met Seal in 2004 , and the couple married a year later . The "  Project Runway " host gave birth Friday night . Klum and Seal named their new bundle Lou Sulola Samuel . The couple , who married in 2005 , have been busy babymaking ever since . Lou Sulola is the youngest of four : Henri , 4 , Johan , 2 and Leni , 5 , whom Klum had from a previous relationship . "  It 's difficult to imagine loving another child as much as you love your existing children , " Seal said of the birth in a statement Tuesday . "  Anyone who has a family will tell you this . Where will one find that extra love ? If you love your existing children with all of your heart , how then can one possibly find more heart with which to love another ? " The answer to that question , the Grammy-winning singer said , "  came in the form of our fourth child and second daughter . "  Lou Sulola Samuel was born , and from the moment she looked into both of our eyes , it was endless love at first sight . She is beautiful beyond words , and we are happy that she chose us to watch her grow over the coming years , " he said .	Heidi Klum and Seal have confirmed their daughter was born Friday The couple named her Lou Sulola Samuel She has three siblings : Henri , Johan and Leni Seal said when Lou Sulola was born , it was "  endless love at first sight . "
Beijing  CNN  -- A bizarre mountain retreat built on top of a 26-floor Beijing residential building faces demolition after complaints by residents . The rooftop structure is covered by fake rocks , trees and bushes , and can be clearly seen from one of Beijing 's busiest commuter roads in one of the city 's more upmarket areas . A CNN crew who visited the building on Tuesday saw an official government order stuck to the door giving the owner 15 days to demolish 800 square meters of the structure that have been deemed illegal . No one answered when they knocked . Locals say the unusual high-rise retreat has been slowly taking over the rooftop for years -- construction is said to have started in 2007 -- but is only now receiving attention after images of the unlikely extension went viral on social media . World 's tallest building bring China to its knees ? "  A lot of people have moved out from the top floors . They were afraid . They sold their apartments and got out , " said Zhang Li , who lives in an apartment on the 25th floor -- one floor below the construction . The owner of the rocky outcrop has been identified as Professor Zhang Biqing , a doctor of traditional Chinese medicine who owns a national chain of acupuncture clinics , and is a former member of a district People 's Political Consultative Conference  CPPCC  , according to the South China Morning Post . "  I used to worry that the house might be too much but I never expected this much attention , " Zhang is reported to have told The Beijing News . His neighbor , Zhang Li , said residents had complained many times to officials , but nothing was done to stop construction . China bans building projects to curb Versailles-esque excesses "  It 's very noisy and they are always bringing rocks and things up the elevator , " she said . "  It 's definitely not safe . With all those boulders up there , what would happen if there was an earthquake ? " Other residents claimed the retreat had caused cracks in their walls which leak when it rains . CNN spoke to a number of people on the street who sympathized with Zhang 's neighbors and suggested the professor was allowed to build with impunity because of his links to influential officials . "  It 's obvious he is powerful , there 's no way he could do illegal building like that without knowing people , " one said . Another added , "  If I had that kind of money , I would do it too . " "  It does n't just take money , " Zhang Li said . "  Even with money , but no connections , you would n't be allowed to build things like this . " Zhang is reported to have said he would demolish the villa if requested . 25 of mankind 's greatest engineering achievements CNN 's Feng Ke and CY Xu reported from Beijing , Katie Hunt wrote from Hong Kong	Villa built on top of Beijing apartment block faces demolition Structure covered by rocks , trees and bushes in the shape of a mountain peak Residents concerned about safety of structure
CNN  -- If you have n't been under a rock the past 24 hours  and if you have been , you have other things to worry about  , you know that a certain Cupertino-based fruit company has finally unveiled its entry into the smartwatch sweepstakes , and , as expected from the house that the late Steve Jobs built , the new Apple Watch is a bushel of insanely geektastic features wrapped up in a sleek and eminently gorgeous package . You can get the scoop on what it actually does  and whether you should drop your hard-earned $ 349 "  to start " on it  elsewhere . The question I 'm interested in is whether Apple 's long-awaited arrival in the buzzy wearables category finally means that people -- regular people , that is , not pixel-pushing pundits and Tesla-driving tech titans -- are ready to wear them . The fact is , while wearables have generated a lot of attention , they 're being used a lot less than the fanfare might suggest . According to the NPD Group and Strategy Analytics , only about 14 million fitness bands and activity trackers and about 2 million smartwatches were sold globally over the 12 months ending this past March .  Everything else -- Google Glass , cloud cameras , digital jewelry , wi-fi socks , connected underwear -- basically represents a rounding error .  Compare that with the number of smartphones sold around the world : 964 million . That 's the difference between a niche product and an emerging necessity . Now , there are pretty good reasons why people have so far failed to adopt wearables in droves . The first is that this first generation of devices have been , in the larger scheme of things , pretty useless . Or single use , at most : Fitness trackers may be invaluable for dedicated dieters and exercise junkies , but most people do n't have room in their personal digital portfolios for another device that does nothing but count steps and calories . It 's one more thing to update , charge , sync and misplace .  I had a Fitbit when it first came out -- accent on the "  had . " It 's currently counting turbulence jolts on a plane somewhere between here and Shanghai . Hands-on with the new Apple Watch But the second and most critical reason is that technology needs to reflect demand , not supply . Are consumers actually hungry for what you 're cooking ? If they are n't , your smart -LSB- insert device category here -RSB- is an interesting idea , not a product . It 's an answer looking for a question . And it is designed to make nerd fanboys and technology columnists wet their pants , not to change the way ordinary people live . Every game-changing innovation , from the horseless carriage to the first cell phone to streaming video on Netflix , is one that fulfills a fundamental need so well that it 's hard to imagine what it was like before that innovation arrived . Of course , you often do n't realize this until well after the innovation in question has been released . Apple 's original iPhone , with its featureless oblong form factor and touchscreen-based UI , was derided as an expensive , keyboardless toy . The iPad was dismissed as an oversized iPhone with a feminine-hygiene inspired name . Both of these ended up completely reinventing their categories and earning Apple billions . The Apple Watch , meanwhile , received a standing ovation when it was unveiled Tuesday as the "  One More Thing " behind Apple 's new supersized iPhone 6 , and has been generating a near-universal stream of acclaim from the digerati ever since . People across my social network have been focusing their lust on different aspects of the device -- from its fashion-focused interchangeable bands to its ability to serve as a wave-and-enter key for rooms at Starwood hotels , to perhaps the weirdest feature it offers : Its ability to send a real-time pulsing display of your heartbeat to any contact on your paired iPhone .  At the very least , that 's going to change the face of action cinema . Which may answer my original question : While other companies are trying to figure out how to respond to need , Apple , more so than any other company , has figured out how to create it . Just now , my mom called me to ask if I thought she needed an Apple Watch , to go along with her new iPhone 5c . If you needed an indicator as to whether the wearable revolution is finally here , that 's as good as any .	Apple unveiled the long-awaited Apple Watch Jeff Yang : Does Apple 's foray into wearables mean people are ready for them ? He says even though wearables are buzzy , consumers have n't flocked to them in droves Yang : Apple , with its focus on design , may have found a way to start the wearables revolution
Atlanta  CNN  -- "  Go home ! " she yelled at me . "  Why do n't you go back home to Mexico before you ruin this country like you ruined your own ! " I was standing in a crowd at the Music Midtown festival in Atlanta , where I live . A few minutes earlier I 'd met a group of five people who 'd been standing in front of me -- here from Mexico City -- and I had begun speaking Spanish with them . Atlanta has a growing Latino community , and I am actively involved . Whenever I get the chance to speak to someone in Spanish here , I introduce myself . My new acquaintances and I were talking about what a great time we were having and how remarkable the city of Atlanta was for bringing back the festival to Piedmont Park . And that 's when I heard the yelling woman next to me . As if "  go home " was n't clear enough , the woman -- a 20-something Caucasian -- repeated the words in Spanish . "  Vete ! " I froze . I did n't quite know what to say , and I did n't want to believe she was talking to me or the group of people I had just met . As a third-generation Mexican-American growing up in Los Angeles , I had never encountered such overt racism . In fact , because my family was long since assimilated , among my Latino friends I was always considered the "  pocho " or "  white boy " of the group .  As I write this , a part of me knows somewhere in L.A. , a friend of mine will be proud to know someone actually considered me Mexican enough to yell "  go home " at me . My Mexican friends remind me that I am American first , Mexican second and that my English is better than my Spanish . "  Yes , " I tell them . "  But I can never walk into a room and be white . " Evidently , to some the brown color of my skin means I 'm not even American . My friends and family tell me what I experienced that night is a microcosm of what is happening to Latinos across the country . You do n't have to look hard to find it . In news stories , in political discourse , on talk radio , in everyday conversation it seems it has become OK to treat Latinos in a negative and antagonistic way -- whether they are new immigrants or longtime Americans . The anti-immigration legislation sweeping across the United States has made this plain . People in my Latino networks say they 've noticed the change . And now I understand what they mean . Like many Americans whose grandparents or parents came here from somewhere else , I live at the intersection of my two cultures . I eat tacos , but I love cheeseburgers . I go salsa dancing , and listen to rock n ' roll . I speak Spanish and English , and depending on the crowd , sometimes Spanglish . I love my country and my cultural community . My duality is my reality , just like the 50 million other Latinos in the United States . I have been luckier than many . Before this incident , the closest I 'd ever come to blatant racism was in junior high . I was in the jazz band and played first trumpet . One day our jazz band teacher invited in his predecessor , a local legend who had made Eagle Rock High School 's jazz program famous in the 1980s . The visiting instructor pointed me out and asked me to play him 16 bars of music . I did , but he quickly interrupted . "  Stop , stop , stop . I do n't want to hear any of that mariachi music . This is jazz . " I did n't think anything of it . Instead I felt terrible that the legend standing in front of me did n't think I was good enough . I went home that night , and like every night , at 6:30 p.m. my family sat down for dinner to talk about our day . "  How was your day , Nicky ? " my dad asked . So I told him . Outraged , the next day he went to my principal and filed a formal complaint . The legend did n't come back to visit the jazz program again . Weeks later we received a letter in the mail from him apologizing for his insensitive comments . My family saved the letter . My father was hypersensitive to ethnic identity and deeply proud of his Latino heritage . The son of a naturalized immigrant from El Salvador and a Mexican mother from Texas , he grew up in Los Angeles during a time of racial tension . When I was young he would tell me stories of the race riots in his high school , violence against people of color , and awful accounts of the struggle he had to make it as a Mexican-American teen in the 1960s . He died when I was 17 years old , but one of the phrases he implanted in my mind before he passed was a statement activist Cesar Chavez made famous : "  Si se puede " -- "  Yes you can . " And now , here I was , at 28 , with this stranger yelling at me to "  leave . " I stood there in the middle of a damp crowd on a late Atlanta evening , not comprehending , the wind still and the vibrations of Coldplay 's "  Yellow " filling the space in the air . I did n't say a thing . I did n't have to . The crowd around us looked in amazement at this woman . Some of them spoke up to her , telling her she was wrong to talk to us like that . The group of people from Mexico City looked at her in disgust and , realizing from the look on my face that I must not be accustomed to what I was hearing , they turned toward me to offer support . One of them , a young man , grabbed my hand and raised it high in the air . "  Estamos aqui , " he said , which translates to "  We are here . " It was the "  Si se puede " moment . The woman continued to taunt us for some minutes , but when we did not reciprocate her hatred , she stopped . The band played a few more songs before ending the set , and the crowd dispersed across the park into the Saturday evening . As I walked away , the woman and I locked eyes . "  I do n't think you understand who you said that to , " I told her . Thinking to myself , I am as American as you are . "  What , " she said laughing . "  Are you some kind of celebrity or something ? " No . But like the Mexicans I was standing with , I am a human being . And I am home . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nick Valencia .	Nick Valencia says a woman yelled racist words at him at a concert in Atlanta He 'd been speaking Spanish to new acquaintances ; her treatment left him speechless Growing anti-Latino sentiment in U.S. is aimed at both immigrants and citizens , he says Valencia : I 'm third-generation Mexican-American ; human , like my new friends . And I 'm home
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Central Intelligence Agency hired the private security firm Blackwater USA in 2004 to work on a covert program aimed at targeting and potentially killing top al Qaeda leaders , according to a source familiar with the program . CIA Director Leon Panetta canceled the covert program this year when he learned of its full scope . The existence of the program , which began in 2001 , came to light earlier this year when CIA Director Leon Panetta canceled the effort , but it is only now that Blackwater 's involvement has become known . That development was first reported Thursday in The New York Times . The program was part of a broader effort inside the CIA to develop the capacity to conduct training , surveillance and possible covert operations overseas , according to the source . The program was outsourced to contractors to "  put some distance " between the effort and the U.S. government . By mid-2006 , Blackwater 's involvement in the program had ended , according to a U.S. official . Other contractors were brought in for other parts of the program , another source said . The total program cost "  millions , " a U.S. official said . It is not known how much Blackwater was paid . The company -- now known as Xe -- did not return CNN 's calls seeking comment . "  The program ebbed and flowed . There were different phases to it . There may have been different folks involved , " the source said . U.S. officials have previously acknowledged that Panetta canceled the entire program this year when he learned of its full scope . At the time of the cancellation , officials said , renewal of the program was being considered . At that point , it had been brought to the new CIA director 's attention . Panetta canceled the effort in part because Congress had not been notified about it , officials said . Also , some in the intelligence community were worried there could be a diplomatic disaster if contractors were caught performing such work in foreign countries . Former CIA Director Michael Hayden , who ran the agency from 2006 to 2009 , downplayed the program during a speaking engagement in Washington . "  This was not a very prominent thing during my time as director , " Hayden said . "  What you had were three separate efforts under three different directors to deal with an issue that everyone understood was a problem in a capacity that everyone agreed we should have . " A spokesman for the CIA would not comment on the details of the still-classified program . "  Director Panetta thought this effort should be briefed to Congress , and he did so , " spokesman George Little said . "  He also knew it had n't been successful , so he ended it . Neither decision was difficult . This was clear and straightforward . "  Director Panetta did not tell the committees that the agency had misled the Congress or had broken the law . He decided that the time had come to brief Congress on a counterterrorism effort . " Blackwater 's extensive involvement in U.S. operations overseas , particularly in Iraq , has been controversial . The Iraqi government says that in a shooting in September 2007 , Blackwater security guards killed 17 Iraqi civilians . Blackwater says its employees were returning fire after they were attacked by armed insurgents , but an Iraqi investigation concluded that the guards randomly fired at civilians without provocation . The incident led to the Iraqi government 's refusal to renew the firm 's operating license in the country when it expired in May . Although it lost the Iraq contract , the company , which changed its name to Xe earlier this year , continued to get multimillion-dollar contracts from the U.S. government for work in Afghanistan .	Program , begun in 2001 , came to light this year , when it was canceled It was part of CIA effort to develop possible covert operations overseas U.S. official says Blackwater 's involvement in program had ended by mid-2006 Ex-CIA director : "  This was not a very prominent thing during my time as director "
A Dutch architect is thinking a little bigger about 3-D printing than the tiny-to-midsize trinkets we 've seen so far . He wants to print a house . And a pretty offbeat and innovative one at that . "  Landscape House " is the brainchild of architect Janjaap Ruijssenaars . He describes it as "  one surface folded in an endless Mobius band , " or sort of a giant figure 8 . According to its creator , walking through its continuous looping design will seamlessly merge indoors and outdoors in an effort to model nature itself . The house would cost between $ 5 million and $ 6 million , according to the BBC , and there 's already been interest expressed by museums , private individuals and others , according to Ruijssenaars . He told the network that someone in Brazil plans to buy one to display native art he 's found in a nearby national park . All that would be innovative enough on its own . But to take it a step further , the architect plans to build "  Landscape House " using the emerging technology of 3-D printing . The woman who wants to ` print ' buildings Commercially available models like the MakerBot are n't exactly up to the task . This requires a printer of enormous size . And Ruijssenaars found one in the D-Shape . Described as a "  mega-scale free form printer " by its makers , the massive aluminum structure uses sand , which it forms back into a material that 's like marble . For "  Landscape House , " it will be used to print out blocks that are about 20 feet by 30 feet . Those , along with some fiberglass and concrete reinforcements , will be used to create the building . "  3D printing is amazing , " Ruijssenaars told the BBC . "  For me as an architect it 's been a nice way to construct this specific design -- it has no beginning and no end , and with the 3-D printer we can make it look like that . " He says his first "  Landscape House " is expected to be completed by the end of 2014 .	Dutch architect to create the first building done with 3-D printing "  Landscape House " would be a huge figure 8 that lets people seamlessly go in and out The D-Shape 3-D printer will crank out 20-by-30-foot marblelike blocks for it Price is $ 5 million to $ 6 million ; the architect hopes to finish it in 2014
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- The search is back on for words to the Spanish national anthem . Spain 's basketball team : Able to hum the national anthem , but not sing words . The lack of lyrics in Spain 's anthem has long created awkward moments for winning Spanish athletes at the Olympics . They stand on the podium silently or hum along while winning athletes from other nations sing when their anthem is played during their moment of triumph . With the summer Olympic Games fast-approaching , the Spanish Olympic Committee stirred the lyric-writing impulses of Spaniards by sponsoring a competition to provide words for the anthem . The contest drew 7,000 entries , and an expert panel selected a winner . The committee announced plans for renowned Spanish tenor Placido Domingo to sing the lyrics on Monday . Then , suddenly , the committee discarded the winning lyrics . "  Once Spaniards heard these lyrics , they sparked a lot of controversy , even rejection , " Alejandro Blanco , president of the Spanish Olympic Committee , told a packed news conference this week . The now-discarded winning lyrics had begun with , "  Viva Espana , " or "  long-live Spain , " and critics complained that phrase harkened back to the right-wing dictatorship of General Francisco Franco , who led a military uprising in 1936 against the elected government and won a Civil War , ruling Spain until his death in 1975 . "  You have to consider that many Spaniards do n't consider the national anthem as their own . It was played a lot under Franco , " said Margarita Saenz-Diez , a journalist . Spain is now a democracy , but many still bristle at the military march that 's served for more than two centuries as the national anthem . Spain is made up of many different peoples , and five languages are spoken across the country . The Catalans in the northeast and the Basques in the north already have their own national songs with lyrics . Getting agreement on any lyrics to the national anthem is no easy task and would ultimately have to be approved by Parliament . The president of the Spanish Olympic Committee conceded he does n't know when there will be lyrics for the anthem , and many here say there is n't enough time to get lyrics approved before the Aug. 8 start of the Summer Olympic Games in Beijing . Yet the search goes on . "  We will continue with the idea of an anthem with lyrics , " Blanco said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report	Approaching Olympic Games creates impetus to find words for Spain 's anthem Panel rejects winning song because of controversial lyrics 7,000 Spaniards competed to find words for anthem
CNN  -- Since the beginning of time , man has looked up into the cosmos at those shiny , twinkling stars and thought , "  I wonder if lizards would do each other up there ? " So , finally , after all these years , and for the sake of humanity , Russian scientists decided to find out once and for all . Because Russia . Really , it was that or another inconclusive nesting doll experiment . And , somehow , stacking little wooden Gorbachevs does n't quite have the same pizazz as closely monitoring outer-space lizard whoopee . Thus , the world recently got introduced to Russia 's brave "  Space Sex Geckos . " The idea was this : Roscosmos  Russia 's federal space agency  would send five of these little critters into orbit on board a Foton-M4 satellite to study sexual reproduction in zero gravity . Four geckos would be female . One would be male . And , for the sake of the experiment , hopefully straight . "  I do n't know about that guy , Vlad . He 's always watching ` Antiques Roadshow . ' " Assuming that they properly picked out a willing male gecko with a healthy libido , good looks and/or an impressive bank account , their hope was that the quintet of lizards would get into space and then violate each other in the most orderly way possible . Fortunately , they were Russian . So , I 'm pretty sure the lizards already knew how to queue . And if that was n't weird enough , there would also be cameras on board so that scientists back on land could observe the space coitus . Yes , grown professionals , many with fancy degrees , were literally going to have to sit around and watch live lizard porn . So , they had that going for them . After choosing the lucky participants , on July 19th Roscosmos launched their  possibly fur-lined  satellite into space for what they hoped would be two full months of this bizarre Gecko Rumspringa . But soon , after just several orbits , things went bad . Mission control lost contact with the satellite . "  Come in , space sex geckos . Come in . Moan once with desire if you can hear me . " Days later they were able to reestablish contact . However , it was unclear if the life-support system continued to function during the blackout . If not , it was unlikely that the geckos would survive . On the plus side , had the geckos somehow become aware of their impending doom , I 'm guessing there would 've been several rounds of camera-free , super kinky , we 're - all-going-to-die lizard sex . "  Hey , ladies ! Look who brought whipped cream and tiny handcuffs ! " As the Russian space agency began sharing updates with the public , it quickly became a running joke online . The space sex geckos were suddenly famous to the world . But probably dead , for their clumsy end was perilously near . Which sort of takes the fun out of being international lizard celebrities . Nevertheless , they were stars . Even comedian John Oliver , on his HBO show "  Last Week Tonight , " latched on to the story and started the Twitter hashtag #GoGetThoseGeckos . However , on Monday , September 1st , a couple weeks short of its intended stay in space , the satellite came crashing back down to Earth , where the world finally learned the fate of the space sex geckos . In a statement , Roscosmos later confirmed their worst fear . Something went horribly wrong . And the lizards ... they have died . Frozen and mummified from having expired at least a week prior to impact , the tiny remains of the space sex geckos were recovered from a quiet field where the craft landed . Fallen heroes . Possibly aroused . But it was n't only death and failure . Because a colony of fruit flies was also put on board for the mission , and they were found healthy and alive in a different chamber of the satellite . And , apparently , they managed to do what the lizards likely could n't . The nasty . In fact , at the expense of God-knows-how-many rubles , new generations of offspring were conceived while in orbit . And now -- lucky us -- the world has more fruit flies . Because Russia . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . And prepare to be underwhelmed . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Russia 's space agency sent five geckos into space to observe reproduction in zero gravity That 's right ... space sex geckos For several days , mission control lost contact with the satellite If you want to know what happened to the geckos you actually need to read the story
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- From church pews to cheeseburger joints , Iowa 's faithful are a major prize in the political ground war raging between President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney . Of the roughly 3 million Iowans , about 30 % call themselves evangelical or Catholic . Fifty-seven percent of Iowans who voted in the caucuses this year were evangelical Christians . Evangelicals overwhelmingly supported Rick Santorum over Romney in the Iowa caucuses , helping Santorum squeeze out a slight victory in the final count . In Des Moines , evangelical Christians flock to Grace Church , affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention , to talk faith , family and the presidential election . The evangelical voters we met strongly supported Romney , but they also expressed a general unease about his moderate history on social issues such as abortion . Obama , Romney paths to victory cross in Iowa "  His  Romney 's  past positions in terms of abortion or in terms of his record in Massachusetts -- it 's not been an easy choice to make either way , " Mwasi Mwamba said . Mwamba said he has no party affiliation and voted early . His wife , Dawn , plans to vote for Romney but said her religious beliefs do n't align with either candidate . "  I have to look at it , though I hate saying it this way , as the lesser of two evils if you will . " The Undecided Evangelical : Radical for Jesus , dubious of Romney Sheri Hess described herself as having a "  biblical worldview . " Hess plans to vote for Romney this year but admitted his record on social issues concerns her . "  He 's definitely not a Christian in my view , " she said when asked if Romney 's Mormon faith plays into her vote . But she said she thinks he supports the Christian beliefs she holds dear . One evangelical voter not supporting Romney is Mike Pike . He wo n't vote for either candidate -- he 's not casting a ballot in a presidential election for the first time in his life . Pike said the two non-negotiable issues for him are abortion and the definition of marriage as being between a man and a woman . Ohio : Overwhelmed by ads Obama and Romney , he said , have "  failed on both of those . " "  What a person says and what they do , when they 're two different things , I have to go by what they 've done so therefore I ca n't support either candidate in this election . " In December , ahead of the Iowa caucuses , Steve Scheffler , president of the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition , said the Romney campaign "  has a very deliberate plan to snub social conservatives . " But this week in Des Moines , he had changed his tune , saying Romney has "  proved that he has tried to make that outreach to social conservatives and economic conservatives and he 's done a good job in Iowa . " For Catholic voters , it 's the first time they 've had a choice between two tickets -- each with a Catholic on it . Battleground Blog : A deeper look inside the swing states In traditionally democratic Dubuque , some Catholic voters are split over issues such as abortion , funding for contraception and same-sex marriage . They disagree on how best to help the poor -- through government-run social programs or private charity . "  There are  the life issues which most Catholics hold dear and central to their faith , but then there 's this belief that remains that the Democratic Party somehow cares for the poor better . I think it somehow comes down to that tension , " said Dawn Luekin , a Catholic voter and member of St. Joseph the Worker parish in Dubuque . She 's a fervid opponent of abortion , as is her mother , Ellen Markham , who said the top issues for her in this election are "  life and sanctity of marriage . " Both support Romney . Quiz : Which Jesus do you believe in ? At the Village Inn restaurant in Dubuque , Jenni , a Catholic voter and Obama supporter who did n't want to share her last name , said she was concerned about backlash from co-workers . She cast an early vote for Obama this year . She 's pro-abortion rights and calls it one of the top issues for her in this election but maintains her religion does not affect her vote . 10 things you did n't know about Iowa Sue , a practicing Catholic who also declined to give her last name , was eating a cheeseburger when we chatted with her at the Village Inn . She said it is hard to reconcile abortion with her religious beliefs but said she is supporting Obama . "  I ca n't bring myself to just vote on that one issue . " But for Caroline Koppes , who is Catholic and an Obama campaign volunteer in Dubuque , it 's clear-cut . "  I just think we have got to get out of the bedrooms , and if we 're against big government and we are knocking on the doors of every bedroom that is ridiculous . " Romney 's vision for America Then there are the coveted undecided voters , such as retiree Lois Nilles . She 's fed up with the partisan bickering in Washington . She said she thinks Obama has done a "  fairly good job " considering tough opposition from Republicans in Congress , but as a practicing Catholic she is bothered by his abortion-rights stance . Obama 's vision for America Complicating the president 's relationship with Catholics in an election year , the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops has been vocal in its opposition of the Obama administration 's rule requiring health insurers to provide free contraceptive coverage . Catholic teaching opposes contraception and considers some methods of contraception to be tantamount to abortion . Nationwide , Obama won 54 % of the Catholic vote in 2008 and 26 % of the evangelical vote , according to the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . Those religious votes are key in Iowa -- a battleground state with six electoral votes -- or as folks here call it , a "  purple state . " Election campaign ends with chess match in swing states	A battleground state , Iowa with its six electoral votes may be key in the presidential election One in three Iowans call themselves Catholics or evangelicals Mitt Romney has had challenges in Iowa because of his history on social issues President Barack Obama , who won Iowa in 2008 , may have a tough time doing it again
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. officials say terrorists could try to use small aircraft in attacks , but have no specific information that such a plot is in the works , according to a new notice distributed by federal officials . "  Violent extremists with knowledge of general aviation and access to small planes pose a significant potential threat to the Homeland , " according to an intelligence bulletin issued by the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI . But according to the alert , U.S. officials "  do not have current , credible information or intelligence of an imminent attack being planned against aviation " by al Qaeda or its affiliates . In the alert , which was obtained by CNN , officials say as recently as early 2011 , al Qaeda was considering options for targeting aviation "  possibly believing such operations would have a greater impact than other types of attacks . " Among the strategies al Qaeda members have discussed are using a private aircraft to carry explosives , finding a Western operative who could easily travel to the United States or Europe to get flight training or renting private planes for attacks , "  believing supervision would be lax due to the large number of private aircraft . " The bulletin was issued to state and local law enforcement agencies on Friday , a little over a week before the 10th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . Al Qaeda operatives killed nearly 3,000 people in those attacks by hijacking four commercial airliners and turning them into missiles , and some of the terrorists had received flight training in the United States . Matthew Chandler , a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security , said although there is no specific intelligence about a plot , alerts are regularly shared with law enforcement partners on "  evolving tactics that could be used by violent extremists to carry out attacks against the United States . " He noted al Qaeda and others have targeted aviation since the 1990s and persist in seeking aviation training . Chandler said the bulletin is intended to "  highlight the need for continued awareness and vigilance . " U.S. officials including President Barack Obama have expressed concerns about so-called lone-wolf attackers who do not belong to terror organizations and have no co-conspirators , but believe in a radical ideology . The intelligence alert says a lone wolf who engaged in an aviation attack would be particularly hard to detect , because "  their plans to misuse or steal small aircraft would be difficult to monitor and predict . " In the past , some members of Congress , including West Virginia Sen. Jay Rockefeller have expressed concern about possible security vulnerabilities in the general aviation sector . The bulletin lists several instances in which small planes had been stolen , including the 2002 case of a 15-year-old boy in Florida who crashed a Cessna into a Bank of America tower in Tampa . The teen , Charles Bishop , left behind a note indicating that he supported al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and that the act was deliberate , "  but there are no indications the boy had connections with terrorist organizations , " the bulletin states . In addition , a man with an apparent grudge against the Internal Revenue Service crashed his own single-engine Piper Cherokee into a building that houses an IRS office in Austin , Texas , in 2010 , killing himself and a worker in the building . That incident was not included in the most recent bulletin . The alert issued Friday lists several suggestions to prevent misuse of small planes such as securing aircraft to prevent misuse , verifying the identities of crew members and passengers , being aware of and reporting anyone who could be masquerading as a pilot , and reporting any planes that have been modified in an unusual or unauthorized way .	Small planes and "  violent extremists " could be a danger , U.S. warns Authorities have no "  current , credible information " of a specific plot
CNN  -- Friday . For many people , it is a word that signals the end of the week . But in Moore , Oklahoma , Friday , August 16 , will mark a new beginning . It will be the first day of school since an EF5 tornado ravaged the town this spring , killing 24 people -- including seven students at Plaza Towers Elementary school . Plaza Towers and other schools in Moore have a special place in the heart of Robert Romines . He is a native of the city and , in July , became the superintendent of the public schools system . For Romines and others , the approaching school year is generating a mixture of feelings . "  There 's not any one emotion : excited , happy and there 's also some grief still there . We are about rebuilding , moving forward -- not just for the school district , but also for the community , " says Romines , who is himself a product of the Moore school system . A total of 26 schools were impacted by the combination of the May 20 tornado and another storm several days later . As a result , Romines estimates those properties suffered at least $ 55 million in damages . Plaza Towers and another school , Briarwood Elementary , were considered total losses after taking direct hits . Both schools will have temporary locations this year , with groundbreakings set to take place soon on new foundations . It 's a plan Romines says will put the two buildings on track to re-open in August of 2014 . And as Moore students prepare to hit the books this week , their teachers are stocking up on supplies and readying their classrooms , thanks to donations from corporations , charities and the public . To date , Romines says much of that assistance has come in the form of products . But he adds that , as rebuilding nears completion , the school district 's cash reserves will be stretched . And he stresses that money will be critical to the system 's daily operations going forward . "  We want to rebuild bigger and better and for student safety . Monetary donations in the form of cash for tornado relief to our general fund would be very helpful . We do ask donors to be specific about where they want the money to go . A lot of checks and money orders have said ` tornado relief to Moore public schools . ' We 've worked hard to keep that separate so we can track where that goes . " One way you can assist is through the Rising from the Storm fund , which can be accessed through Moore Public Schools or directly at Fundly.com . For those who prefer to donate via phone , Romines encourages them to call 405735-4223 . And the superintendent has a message for those who continue to keep the residents of Moore in their thoughts : "  We are strong , we are resilient . We are moving forward , rebuilding and doing what 's best for the community with the understanding that we wo n't forget that day or the families and lives affected by the storm . We 're here for the long haul . " For additional ways to help the students in Moore , Oklahoma , please visit the following : Red Cross of Oklahoma Feed The Children	Children are returning to school in Moore , OK for the first time since tornado devastation Schools sustained $ 55 million dollars in damages A total of 26 schools were affected -- two were a total loss Superintendent says , "  We are strong , we are resilient . We are moving forward "
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Police in Zimbabwe on Tuesday confirmed that one person was killed and 15 injured in an accident involving President Robert Mugabe 's motorcade on Sunday . Zimbabwe 's police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena confirmed to CNN that an accident had been reported by state media . "  I can only confirm on Tuesday if there are new details . So far all I know is that one passenger who was in a commuter bus died on the spot and 15 passengers from the two vehicles sustained injuries , " Bvudzijena said when asked to confirm reports of two more deaths in the incident . The accident was the third in two weeks involving the 88-year-old Zimbabwean leader 's motorcade , which consists of about 15 vehicles , including a Mercedes limousine , motorcycles and army vehicles . The motorcade travels at high speeds and all traffic is expected to make way for it . Kubatana , an online network for Zimbabwean activists , on Tuesday sent an SMS message saying : "  Mugabe 's motorcade has been in three crashes in past month causing death and injury . Should he slow down or is it up to us to get out of the way ? Let us know . " All three accidents happened in Mugabe 's rural home district , about 100 kilometers  62 miles  southwest of Harare in Mashonaland West province . State media quoted Zimbabwe police VIP protection spokesman Martin Mbokochena as attributing the incident to "  some unruly elements in society who want to disturb . " Mandela and Mugabe : Two African legacies	State media reported on the Sunday accident , a police spokesman tells CNN It was the third accident involving Mugabe 's motorcade in the past two weeks Activists network : "  Should he slow down or is it up to us to get out of the way ? " Police official blames "  unruly elements " for accident , state media report
Rolling Stone  Kanye West fans are used to seeing thousand-dollar price tags attached to the rapper 's Air Yeezy sneakers when they 're put up for sale on eBay , but the auction site is now being overrun by sellers offering up plastic bags full of air allegedly captured at West 's concerts . The gag started Friday when one ambitious seller attempted to sell a Zipperseal bag with "  Air From Kanye Show , " with 90 bidders driving the price tag to over $ 60,000 , the Telegraph reports . While that auction was ultimately pulled from the auction site , eBay has since been flooded with similar auctions promising air bagged from a Yeezus show , even though the copycats lacked certificates of authenticity proving the air -- likely carbon dioxide -- was grabbed at a West concert . eBay has apparently stopped trying to swat down the new "  bagged air " auctions , so buyer beware at this point . Rolling Stone : Kanye reveals new album title The bagged air gag has inspired a rash of similar items like "  Ziplock bag of air from Garth Brooks concert " and "  Kanye West Concert Air-Infused Bay Leaves , " with the latter tagged with a $ 4,999 opening bid . Another seller is pushing a bag of "  Flatulence from Kanye " for the Buy It Now price of $ 5 . Rolling Stone : Watch Kanye 's speech on racism at BET honors In other Kanye eBay news , following the soft launch of his Yeezy 750 Boost , his first footwear collaboration with Adidas , pairs of those sneakers are now littered throughout the site with prices ranging from $ 1,700 to $ 5,000 . Those asking prices come in direct conflict of what West hopes to achieve with his new sneakers , as he recently told Style.com that he hoped his Yeezy Boosts would be "  super-inexpensive " so that everyone could afford them . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	A wag decided to sell "  air from Kanye West concert " on eBay Bidding got to more than $ 60,000 before plug was pulled Others are now doing similar auctions
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Najla Habibi says she is hopeful about the future of her country . "  I know we have got a lot of problems , but still I am happy that I , as a woman , can go to school to teach and hundreds of thousands of girls across the country are able to go to school , " the 47-year-old school teacher said . "  You know that during the Taliban this was not possible . " More than a decade since the war began , Afghans now say that they feel positive about their country 's future , a report released Wednesday by the Asia Foundation said . The report , "  Afghanistan in 2012 : A Survey of the Afghan People , " found public opinion to be the most optimistic since the annual survey began in 2004 . Fifty-two percent of the respondents felt that the country was moving in the right direction , compared to 46 % in 2011 . Improvements in security and reconstruction were the most cited reasons for the improved outlook . The Foundation interviewed nearly 6,300 Afghans from all 34 provinces , gauging their perception on security , governance , economy and other issues relating to the country 's development . "  This survey helps to give us a sense of citizens ' priorities , needs , and views , " said Abdullah Ahmadzai , The Asia Foundation deputy country representative in Afghanistan , in a news release . "  We hope these findings help bridge the gap in understanding between the international community , the Afghan government , and local communitiesâ $ " dialogue necessary for Afghanistan 's long-term prospects . " Over half of the respondents feel that their families are more prosperous today than in the Taliban era and access to schools has increased . Most respondents agreed with the government 's national reconciliation and negotiation efforts with the Taliban . But concerns remain . "  It is good that the government is putting efforts on talks with the Taliban , but I am always afraid that if talks become positive and the Taliban come  back  to the government , would we still hold our rights or not ? " Habibi said . "  But generally I think we are moving towards a right direction . " In the 2012 report , fewer Afghans said they experienced violence or crime over the past year , with a significant decline in violence and crime . "  I feel safe in Kabul , especially in my shop because it is not on a main road or near a military compound , " a 29-year-old shopkeeper told CNN , who asked not to be named . "  But I do n't feel safe once I go to downtown or to any of the high profile areas of Kabul . " Attitudes toward women also appear positive . Nearly nine in 10 respondents agreed that women and men should have equal educational opportunities . Two thirds of Afghans surveyed say they think women should be allowed to work outside the home . Despite the sense of optimism in the report , insecurity continues to be the biggest worry . Respondents cited security issues  28 %  , unemployment  27 %  , and corruption  25 %  as the three biggest problems facing Afghanistan . Two-thirds of those interviewed said that local employment opportunities are bad . "  I do n't think Taliban threat is worse than corruption in Afghanistan , " the Kabul shopkeeper said . "  It is the corruption , which is taking Afghanistan towards calamity as we have been seeing in the last decade . " The report comes at a crucial time when the NATO led International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  is in the process of transferring the country 's security responsibilities to the Afghan National Forces . Afghanistan is also preparing for its next presidential election , scheduled for April 2014 . Not all are hopeful for the future . Jan Mohammad Parwani , a 35-year-old father of three who sells mobile phone credit cards on the streets in Kabul , said he wants to leave the country . "  I was really hopeful for the future of my country and the direction it was moving to when I returned from Iran with my family seven years ago , but now I regret  it  , " Parwani said . "  I wish I was still living as a refugee in Iran . "  I know Iranian government does n't like us Afghans and they do n't treat us in a nice way , but at least I was earning enough and also there was no fear of suicide attacks , roadside bombs and rockets . "	The Asia Foundation releases "  Afghanistan in 2012 : A Survey of the Afghan People " Fifty-two percent of the respondents felt that the country was moving in the right direction Insecurity , unemployment and corruption are the three biggest problems
Paris  CNN  -- A French television network said Thursday it has filed a complaint with the Paris public prosecutor alleging identity theft and impersonation related to an interview it broadcast Tuesday with a woman the network identified as Ambassador Lamia Shakkour , Syria 's ambassador to France . During the telephone interview , the woman said she was resigning her post because of the ongoing violence in Syria . "  I can not support the cycle of extreme violence ... ignore the young men , women and children who have died , " she said . Shortly afterward , Shakkour denied to CNN affiliate BFM-TV that she had made any such statement , alleging in an on-camera interview that she had been impersonated . In its statement Thursday , France 24 said it had invited Shakkour to participate in its debate program . "  This invitation was made via the embassy , which , when contacted by telephone and e-mail , provided a telephone number said to be that of the ambassador , together with a photograph of the ambassador , " the network said in a statement . "  It was using this number that the exchange took place , in which the declaration of the ambassador 's resignation was made . That resignation was then confirmed in a wire published by the Reuters press agency , quoting the Syrian Embassy as its source . " But France 24 said it "  has no option but to take Ms. Shakkour 's denials seriously . " It said it had commissioned comparative analyses that show the voice on France 24 differs from the voice that later issued the denial broadcast on BFM TV . "  France 24 has no doubt that Ambassador Shakkour and the Embassy of the Syrian Arab Republic in France , who were swift to report the manipulation of which they , like France 24 , appear to have been the victims , will give their total support to this complaint and collaborate fully in the ensuing investigations , " the network said . In her interview Tuesday night with BFM , Shakkour had threatened to sue the network . "  I am filing a complaint to the French tribunal and also to the international tribunal , and there will probably be some measures against France 24 , " she said . Shakkour accused the network of following an agenda . "  It 's part of a campaign of misinformation by France 24 , since the beginning of March , in which it gives voice only to dissidents of Syria and it falsifies videos . " In an interview with CNN carried out Tuesday night , after the two dueling telephone interviews but before the BFM on-camera interview , France 24 's deputy editorial director , Renee Kaplan , called the situation "  very puzzling . " "  She has been a guest on our network before , " said Kaplan , who added that station personnel reached Shakkour on a cell phone number that she had answered in the past . Kaplan added , "  We are confident that the person we addressed on air was she . There is no other reason to believe that anyone else would have answered on the number . "	Syria 's ambassador denies having made call to France 24 saying she was resigning France 24 alleges identity theft and impersonation related to the interview France 24 commissioned an analysis that shows the two voices are different Resignation was also reported by Reuters , which cited Syrian Embassy as its source
PEOPLE.com  -- Kristin Cavallari has something big to celebrate this holiday season . The former "  Hills " star , 24 , is re-engaged to her NFL beau Jay Cutler , 28 . "  This time its official , " she Tweeted Wednesday . "  Jay and I are engaged again : . " The reality star and the Chicago Bears quarterback originally got engaged in April , only to split in July , leaving Cavallari "  absolutely devastated . " But after rooting his ex on in the live audience during her stint on "  Dancing with the Stars " in October , a source told PEOPLE Cutler and Cavallari were "  working it out . " "  I think we both knew from the moment we met that we wanted to marry each other , " Cavallari told PEOPLE in May , shortly after her man initially popped the question in Mexico . "  It 's been a great situation . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Jay and I are engaged again : " Kristin Cavallari tweeted The couple originally got engaged in April , only to split in July Jay Cutler rooted for his ex on "  Dancing with the Stars "
CNN  -- Susan Atkins is terminally ill ; Charles "  Tex " Watson is an ordained minister . They and other members of Charles Manson 's murderous "  family " now shun him . A new photo of Charles Manson shows his gray beard and the swastika tattooed into his forehead . After three decades behind bars , Manson family members Atkins , Watson , Patricia Krenwinkel and Leslie Van Houten have repeatedly been described as model prisoners who have accepted responsibility for their crimes . Parole boards , however , continue to reject their bids for release , and a debate rages over whether the four should ever be freed . The release of Manson 's prison photo recently rekindled public interest in slayings of pregnant actress Sharon Tate and six others in a two-night rampage that terrorized the city of Los Angeles , California , in August 1969 . CNN looked into the status of some of his former followers . Atkins , California 's longest-serving female inmate , requested a "  compassionate release " from the California Board of Parole Hearings in July . She has terminal brain cancer , doctors say . The board unanimously denied her request . Atkins ' 18th parole suitability hearing is scheduled for May 28 , according to a Web site maintained by her husband and attorney , James Whitehouse . The Web site says Atkins , now 60 , is paralyzed over 85 percent of her body and can not sit up in bed or even be moved into a wheelchair . Despite her declining condition and spotless prison record , the site says , "  there is still a very real chance the Parole Board will nonetheless insist her release would be a danger to society . " The Manson family members were initially sentenced to death , only to have their sentences commuted to life in prison when the U.S. Supreme Court struck down death penalty laws in 1972 , establishing a four-year moratorium on executions . By her own admission , Atkins held Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , and stabbed the eight-months-pregnant woman 16 times . In a 1993 parole board hearing , Atkins said Tate "  asked me to let her baby live ... I told her I did n't have any mercy on her . " After stabbing Tate to death , according to historical accounts of the murders , Atkins scrawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home Tate shared with her husband , director Roman Polanski , who was not home at the time . Three of Tate 's house guests were also slain , as was a teenager who was visiting the home 's caretaker in his cottage out back . Atkins ' compassionate release was opposed by Tate 's sister , Debra , Los Angeles County prosecutors and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , among others . However , the former prosecutor who won her conviction , Vincent Bugliosi , said he supported Atkins ' request for release . Debra Tate told CNN in an e-mail she does not believe any Manson family member convicted of murder should ever be set free . She said the slayings of the victims , including some that may have not been discovered , were "  so vicious , so inhumane , so depraved , that there is no turning back . " "  The ` Manson Family ' murderers are sociopaths , and from that , they can never be rehabilitated , " Debra Tate said . "  They should all stay right where they are -- in prison -- until they die . There will never be true justice for my sister Sharon and the other victims of the ` Manson Family . ' Keeping the murderers in prison is the least we , as a society who values justice , can do . " In a manuscript posted on her Web site , Atkins , who was known within the Manson family as Sadie Mae Glutz , wrote , "  I will never be able to replace what my crime took away . And that 's not ` neat , ' and that 's not ` cool . ' " Known as Katie within the Manson Family , Krenwinkel killed coffee heiress Abigail Folger at the Tate home and , the following night , stabbed Rosemary LaBianca and carved the word "  War " on her husband Leno LaBianca 's abdomen . She remained faithful to Manson throughout her trial and into the first few years of her incarceration , according to a profile posted on the University of Missouri-Kansas City School of Law Web site , but she later "  made strides to turn her life around . " Now 61 , Krenwinkel is a model inmate at the California Institution for Women in Frontera , according to Lt. Robert Patterson , a prison spokesman . She is involved in the Prison Pups program , which helps train puppies to be service dogs , he said . "  It gives you a reason to wake up every morning , and keep moving on , " Krenwinkel told Los Angeles station KABC , a CNN affiiate . The program at that time had trained more than 100 dogs ; Krenwinkel said she was training her seventh dog . According to the Manson Family Today Web site , which keeps tabs on all things related to the case , Krenwinkel has largely accepted the fact that she probably will never leave prison . Her next parole hearing will be sometime before December , Patterson said . Van Houten was convicted in the raid at the LaBianca home , where she helped hold Rosemary LaBianca down as the woman was stabbed to death . At the time , she was 19 . "  The autopsy reports have shown that it was Tex that wielded the fatal wounds , but I contributed , and I attempted to hold her down for Pat -LSB- Krenwinkel -RSB- , " Van Houten said in a 2002 appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  I called to Tex because we could n't kill her . You know , it 's -- morally , I feel as though I did . " Her conviction was overturned in 1976 , on the grounds that a judge erred in not granting a mistrial after the disappearance of her attorney , Ronald Hughes , who later was found dead . In Van Houten 's first retrial , the jury was unable to reach a verdict , and she was released on bond for a few months . But in her third trial , in 1978 , she was convicted of first-degree murder . Known as Lulu within the Manson family , Van Houten , a former high school homecoming queen , is serving her life sentence at the California Institution for Women at Frontera , the same facility as Krenwinkel and , until last year , Atkins . Like Krenwinkel , Van Houten is involved in prison programs and is a mentor to other inmates in the facility 's college program , Patterson said . She is also a model inmate , he added . During her 2002 CNN appearance , Van Houten called Manson "  an opportunist of the cruelest , most vicious kind . " But she was quick to emphasize that she accepts blame for her role in the crime . Like the others , Van Houten , 59 , has repeatedly been turned down for parole . She is widely seen as the best candidate for parole . But her next parole hearing probably will not be until 2010 , according to Patterson . "  Tex " Watson 's participation in the Manson murders is "  a part of history that he deeply regrets , " according to a Web site dedicated to his prisoner outreach program . Watson converted to Christianity in 1975 , several years after he was incarcerated , and became an ordained minister in 1983 , according to the site . "  He was manipulative , " Watson said of Manson in a November 2004 radio interview , the transcript of which is posted on the Web site . "  But I take full responsibility for my ignorance , lack of identity , emptiness and choices in life , which left me prey to his deceptive plan . My actions were my own . " Watson stabbed four people , including Tate , to death and fatally shot two others . After the Tate murders , Watson reportedly told Manson , "  Boy , it sure was helter skelter . " However , Watson was not tried along with the others in the slayings . A month and a half after the two-night crime spree , he said , he fled to Texas . Watson , now 63 , writes on the site that he has no computer or Internet access in prison , but maintains contact with the site administrator through the mail and writes much of the site 's content . Watson had been denied parole 13 times as of November 2006 , a correction spokeswoman said . His next parole hearing is scheduled for November .	Recent release of Charles Manson 's prison photo rekindles interest in case Other members of Manson 's "  family " now shun him They are described as model prisoners Susan Atkins , who has brain cancer , has her 18th parole hearing May 28
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The office of Muqtada al-Sadr accused Iraqi and U.S. forces of attacking Sadr City on Friday , just hours after the Shiite cleric called for calm in the wake of the assassination of one of his top aides in the southern city of Najaf . Iraqi Sadrists march Friday in the Najaf funeral procession of Sayyed Riyadh al-Nuri , top aide to Muqtada al-Sadr . Witnesses and media in the heavily Shiite Baghdad neighborhood of Sadr City , home to the cleric 's power base in the capital , reported heavy fighting between U.S.-backed Iraqi troops and al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army militia . The witnesses said U.S. aircraft had been bombarding the area for hours , and media reported rockets slamming into houses and many casualties . Witnesses and al-Sadr 's office said mosques were making loudspeaker announcements about Mehdi Army attacks on U.S. military armored vehicles . U.S. troops working in support of Iraqi soldiers killed two snipers , two other men firing rocket-propelled grenades and "  multiple others from a nearby building where soldiers were taking RPG and machine gun fire , " the U.S. military said in a statement . At the same time -- about 9 p.m. -- at least six roadside bombs damaged vehicles in a U.S. Army convoy that was transporting barriers for a group of Iraqi Army soldiers establishing a checkpoint , the military said . Afterward , the military said , the Iraqi and U.S. soldiers were attacked by small-arms , machine-gun and RPG fire from buildings overlooking the road . The soldiers fired back at their attackers , killing at least four of them . More explosions from the buildings indicated possible arms and munitions stored there , the military said . But the small-arms attack continued until the U.S. forces fired two rounds from an M1A2 Abrams tank , killing two more attackers . Not long afterward , the U.S. Air Force , operating an unmanned aerial vehicle , fired a Hellfire missile at three men spotted setting roadside bombs , killing all three . Maj. John Gossart , executive officer of the American unit involved , said that no U.S. or Iraqi troops were seriously hurt . Earlier , al-Sadr issued remarks about the killing of Sayyed Riyadh al-Nuri , who was shot outside his house in Najaf 's Adala neighborhood after returning from Friday prayers . "  The hands of the occupiers and their collaborators have treacherously reached our beloved martyr Sayyed Riyadh al-Nuri , " al-Sadr wrote in a statement on the Web . Al-Nuri is one of 17 people killed over 24 hours in airstrikes , fighting and attacks in areas wracked in recent weeks by fighting among Shiites . The assassination prompted an immediate vehicle ban in the Shiite holy city of Najaf , anger among mourners and an intensification of fighting in Baghdad 's Sadr City neighborhood . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki issued a statement deploring the killing and ordering an investigation . Al-Sadr issued remarks about the killing in a statement on a Web site . Spokesman Sheikh Salah al-Obeidi emphasized that the cleric is not accusing anyone in particular of the killing but believes that the killers "  are the ones who are following the occupiers ' steps and do n't want stability for the country . " But al-Obeidi called the killing an "  act of provocation " after the "  siege of Sadr City . " He was referring to the battles since Sunday involving members of al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army militia and Iraqi security forces dominated by a rival Shiite political movement , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq . That fighting started with an offensive in Basra and spread to other Shiite regions , including Sadr City and the Babil provincial capital of Hilla . The al-Nuri assassination prompted officials to expand the daily curfew in Hilla . Police said a ban on all outside movement that usually begins at 11 p.m. and ends at 8 a.m. will instead start at 8:30 p.m. Violence continued Friday in several places in Iraq . Suicide bombings killed at least four people -- three of them police -- and wounded 15 , officials said . The first bombing was in Ramadi , the provincial capital of the predominantly Sunni Anbar province west of Baghdad , an Interior Ministry official said . At least three national police officers were killed and five wounded , the official said . The second attack took place at a checkpoint about 20 km  12 miles  north of Baiji , according to police , who said the bomber and one other person were killed and 10 were wounded . The casualties were members of a local Awakening Council who were manning the checkpoint , police said . The suicide bomber was driving a pickup carrying sheep . Awakening Councils , or Sons of Iraq , are made up of Sunnis who have turned on al Qaeda in Iraq . Also , at least three people were killed and five wounded in a mortar attack on Baghdad 's Palestine Hotel , an Interior Ministry official said . The Palestine Hotel -- across the Tigris River from the International Zone , the heavily guarded seat of U.S. power in Baghdad -- is in the path of many of the rockets and mortars aimed at the zone . The U.S. military has blamed Iranian-backed Shiite militants for recent mortar and rocket attacks in Baghdad and International Zone , also known as the Green Zone . Unmanned aerial vehicles targeted and killed six suspected insurgents in Basra on Friday and six "  heavily armed criminals " in northeastern Baghdad on Thursday night , the U.S. military said . Watch the Baghdad drone attack " The U.S. and Iraqi militaries have consistently said they have not been targeting specific groups in their recent battles in Shiite areas . Iraqi and U.S. government officials say they differentiate between Mehdi Army members obeying al-Sadr 's seven-month cease-fire pledge and "  gangs , " "  criminals " or "  outlaws " who are n't obeying al-Sadr 's orders . The intra-Shiite fighting in Iraq that has killed hundreds of people in the past two weeks has involved two main movements : members of the Mehdi Army militia loyal to al-Sadr , and Iraqi security forces dominated by the chief political rival of the Sadrists , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq . Many of those security forces had been integrated into police and army units from the council 's Badr Brigade militia . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. troops kill two snipers , two other men firing rocket-propelled grenades Army says U.S. , Iraqi patrol came under fire setting up checkpoint Muqtada al-Sadr blames U.S. , calls for calm after top aide killed in Najaf Mortar attack kills three at Palestine Hotel across from International Zone
CNN  -- This is the day San Diego Mayor Bob Filner enters a behavior counseling clinic for two weeks of what he describes as intensive therapy . The 70-year-old is battling a tide of sexual harrassment allegations , and is hoping that voluntarily subjecting himself to the counseling will quell the mounting calls for his resignation . He has repeatedly said he 'll not leave the office he was elected to barely eight months ago . San Diego 's city charter does not require him to appoint an interim mayor during his temporary absence . His decision is unlikely to appease his opponents . A 10th accuser Over the weekend , another woman accused the mayor of unwanted sexual advances -- making her the 10th woman making such allegations . Renee Estill-Sombright told CNN affiliate KGTV that the mayor called her "  beautiful " at a church breakfast in June , said he could n't take his eyes off her , asked if she was married , and then said he 'd like to take her out some time . The reported comments caught her off guard , Estill-Sombright said . "  I said , ` Oh , thank you , ' " she said . "  I kind of felt weird . " CNN has made multiple efforts to contact Filner and his representatives on the latest allegations but has not gotten a response . ' I need help ' Earlier this summer , when the allegations first began , Filner acknowledged "  I need help , " and added , "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong . " "  I am embarrassed to admit that I have failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me , and that at times I have intimidated them . It 's a good thing that behavior that would have been tolerated in the past is being called out in this generation for what it is : inappropriate and wrong , " he said in a statement issued July 11 . Read the full statement But Filner has also said he believes he will be vindicated by "  a full presentation of the facts " and he will not resign . In late July , Filner said he planned to begin counseling Monday . In a statement given at City Hall , he apologized "  to the women I have offended . " "  The behavior I have engaged in over many years is wrong . My failure to respect women and the intimidating conduct I engaged in at times is inexcusable , " he said . Battling a lawsuit Filner 's former spokeswoman , Irene McCormack Jackson , and nine other women have accused Filner of sexual harassment . Up to this point , Jackson is the only accuser to file a sexual harassment suit against Filner . Mayor sued , called unfit for office He asked the city to pay for his legal fees ; the city council voted against that . Jackson said Filner subjected her and other women to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching . She said she resigned as Filner 's communications director in June after deciding the mayor would not change his behavior . None of the other women leveling claims of sexual harassment against Filner came forward until Jackson filed her suit in state court . Who are the women ? CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Filner has refused to resign despite allegations of sexual harassment He says he will enter a behavior counseling clinic on Monday "  The behavior I have engaged in over many years is wrong , " Filner says
CNN  Relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia have always been thorny , but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today . Tehran and Riyadh each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the Middle East . In its most recent incarnation , the Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic . For Riyadh and its regional allies , the Saudi military intervention in Yemen -- "  Operation Decisive Storm " -- is the moment the Sunni Arab nation finally woke up to repel the expansion of Shia-Iranian influence . For Tehran and its regional allies -- including the Houthi movement in Yemen -- Saudi Arabia 's actions are in defense of a retrogressive status quo order that is no longer tenable . And yet both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control and evolving into an unwinnable war . When Iranian President Hassan Rouhani was elected in June 2013 , he pledged to reach out to Riyadh . He was up front and called Tehran 's steep deterioration of relations with the Saudis over the last decade as one of the principal burdens on Iranian foreign policy . From Lebanon and Afghanistan to Pakistan and the Gaza Strip , the Iranian-Saudi rivalry and conflict through proxy has been deep and costly . And yet despite Rouhani 's open pledge , profound differences over Syria and Iraq in particular have kept Riyadh and Tehran apart . But if the questions of Syria and Iraq prevented a pause in hostilities , the Saudi military intervention in Yemen since late March has all but raised the stakes to unprecedentedly dangerous levels . Unlike in Syria and in Iraq , the Saudi military is now directly battling it out with Iranian-backed rebels in Yemen . While Riyadh no doubt exaggerates Tehran 's role in the Yemen crisis , its fingerprints are nonetheless evident . "  Iran provides financial support , weapons , training and intelligence to Houthis , " Gerald Feierstein , a U.S. State Department official and former Yemen ambassador , told a Congressional hearing last week . "  We believe that Iran sees opportunities with the Houthis to expand its influence in Yemen and threaten Saudi and Gulf Arab interests . " The Iranians find the charges biased and point to the Saudi airstrikes in Yemen as a much bigger case of meddling in a neighbor 's affairs . In Iran , the cue came from the country 's top authority , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who has been unusually blunt . He tweeted : "  Despite disputes , the Saudis used to display composure -LSB- with -RSB- us but now inexperienced youngsters have come to power & replaced composure -LSB- with -RSB- barbarism . " Three days after Khamenei 's speech , Iran suspended religious pilgrimages to Mecca . This came as news broke about two Iranian teenage boys who had reportedly been sexually assaulted by the police while visiting Saudi Arabia . Meanwhile , anti-Saudi protests have been staged in a number of Iranian cities . Khamenei 's speech opened the floodgate of anti-Saudi statements . The voices of hardline figures in Tehran have been the most agitated . General Ahmad Purdastan , the commander of the Iranian ground forces , taunted the Saudis . "  Beware of the day when firecrackers explode in Riyadh , " Purdastan said , in a not-so-subtle warning . But it was not only the hawks that came out swinging against the Saudis . Ayatollah Ali-Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a former president and arguably Iran 's most vocal advocate of better Iranian-Saudi relations . called Riyadh 's military intervention a "  strategic mistake " and urged for a political solution . Seeking a political solution is Iran 's stated aim for the Yemeni crisis , but the prospects of such an effort succeeding are slim . Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif has provided a four-point plan : to get a ceasefire , to encourage the provision of humanitarian aid , to promote political dialogue among warring Yemeni parties , and to achieve the formation of an inclusive government . But the Iranian proposal also asks for an end to Saudi airstrikes . As Zarif put it , "  Iran and Saudi Arabia need to talk , but we can not talk to determine the future of Yemen . " The Saudis have thus far ignored the Iranian proposal . Meanwhile , the Houthi leadership has welcomed the plan . As one of its leaders said , "  In Iran 's plan , unacceptable solutions do not exist . " Not only do the Saudis not have any faith in any Iranian-drafted political package that is welcomed by the Houthis , but Riyadh believes that the international disposition favors it . Saudi Arabia was elated by the U.N. Security Council vote on 14 April that condemned the Houthi movement . Only Russia abstained . But a solution to the Yemeni crisis will not come from the U.N. . The U.N. can provide a cover for Riyadh 's military intervention , but it can not secure it a military win . This leaves Riyadh with a fundamental question about how far it is willing to take its fight in Yemen . Saudi airstrikes alone will not finish off the Houthi movement and it allies in the Yemeni armed forces . It requires ground troops on a huge scale . Riyadh has tried hard to muster a military coalition that is willing to dispatch ground troops but its effort has so far been nothing short of a fiasco . The Pakistanis most famously turned down the Saudi request and let it be known that Yemen is a quagmire they can do without . Instead , Islamabad has asked Iran to push the Houthis for a political compromise that Riyadh can live with . The Turks were enthusiastic at first about stopping the Houthis -- but in his visit to Tehran last week , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan made it clear that he has prioritized Iranian-Turkish trade relations over rivalry in Yemen , and emphasized a political solution for the Yemeni conflict . The Egyptians and the Jordanians are still supportive of Saudi efforts and claim publicly to be open to the idea of deploying military forces to assist Riyadh in Yemen . But whether they will go through with it is another matter . Egypt has a long list of problems of its own , including a bloody counter-terrorism campaign in Sinai that it can not afford to lose , but also an eastern border with lawless Libya that is increasingly a new front in Cairo 's fight against jihadists . It is hard to see how Egyptian General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi can commit troops to a Yemeni campaign that is not a direct threat to Egypt 's security . The same kind of domestic realities , including the threat from ISIS , will also prevent Jordan from any significant contribution to Saudi military efforts in Yemen . These hard realities leave Riyadh with two options . It can look for or even mediate a political solution that will invariably include the same Houthis that Riyadh is attacking today . Alternatively , given the absence of willing states to contribute ground troops , Riyadh will have to contemplate a full-scale invasion of Yemen . That is scenario that is very hard to contemplate . The Iranians too are faced with stark choices . It is beyond Tehran 's ability to tame the Yemeni crisis . As tempting as it might be for Tehran to see the Saudis bleed in Yemen , the danger of this conflict further fuelling sectarian tensions in the Middle East will undermine broader regional Iranian interests . A political compromise that both Riyadh and Tehran and their respective Yemeni allies can live with seems to be the only option that is not cataclysmic .	Vatanka : Tensions between Iran and Saudi Arabia are at an unprecedented level Iran has proposed a four-point plan for Yemen but Saudis have ignored it Vatanka : Saudis have tried to muster a ground invasion coalition but have failed
Republican presidential candidates Herman Cain and Michele Bachmann said at Saturday 's foreign policy debate that they would renew the use of waterboarding , the controversial practice banned by President Barack Obama . "  I do n't see it as torture . I see it as an enhanced interrogation technique , " Cain said . His comments were met with loud cheers of support from the debate audience . Bachmann , meanwhile , called the practice "  very effective " and said Obama "  is allowing the ACLU to run the CIA . " After the debate , Romney aides told CNN that he does not believe waterboarding is torture . But this issue does n't divide neatly along party lines . During the debate candidates Ron Paul and Jon Huntsman outright opposed the practice . "  Waterboarding is torture , " Paul said . "  It 's really un-American to accept , on principle , that we will torture people that we capture . " The next day both Sen. John McCain and President Obama criticized the pro-waterboarding rhetoric and reaffirmed their opposition to the practice . The United States has also been historically inconsistent on this issue . Although the use of waterboarding was widespread in the aftermath of 9/11 , in the aftermath of World War II the United States not only condemned but prosecuted and convicted a number of Japanese troops and officials for subjecting United States troops to waterboarding . So which is it : Illicit torture or an acceptable interrogation practice ? And how should we decide ? Recently my colleagues Mary-Hunter McDonnell , visiting assistant professor of law at Northwestern , and George Loewenstein , a behavioral economist at Carnegie-Mellon , and I examined the psychology behind how we evaluate enhanced interrogation tactics . Our experiments revealed several insights that can inform the debate on waterboarding and other so-called enhanced interrogation techniques . Most countries define torture in terms of pain severity . For example , the United Nations Convention Against Torture , of which America is one of many signatories , abjures the use of torture , which it defines as "  any act by which severe pain or suffering , whether physical or mental , is intentionally inflicted on a person . " This means that , legally speaking , whether waterboarding is illicit torture or an acceptable interrogation practices depends on the amount pain and suffering waterboarding inflicts . Because most policymakers have never experienced waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation tactics for themselves  Sen. McCain aside  , they must rely on their inexperienced intuitions about how painful these practices seem . This task has become all the more difficult with the advent of enhanced interrogation techniques such as prolonged sleep deprivation , social isolation , and exposure to cold temperatures , which are designed to induce physical and psychological distress without inflicting enduring harm . Yet over the past 15 years , psychologists have discovered that people who are n't enduring a painful experience have a hard time estimating just how painful it is . This finding is known as an empathy gap , and it helps to explain why doctors underestimate their patients ' pain and why patients themselves underestimate how painful upcoming procedures will be . To test the idea that empathy gaps might distort the evaluation of torture policy , we asked people to evaluate common enhanced interrogation tactics like sleep deprivation , solitary confinement , and exposure to cold temperatures . Some participants  the control group  evaluated these practices under normal conditions , while others  the experimental group  made their judgments while experiencing a mild version of the pain associated with those techniques . These participants submerged their hand in ice water  exposure to cold temperatures  , felt social exclusion by being rejected by a group  solitary confinement  , and were tested at the end of a three-hour night class  sleep deprivation  . In each case the experimental group estimated the interrogation tactics to be significantly more painful , less ethical , and less acceptable as a practice than participants who made their judgments free of pain , as policymakers normally would . These findings suggest that policymakers  and the concerned public  suffer from a fundamental bias when evaluating waterboarding and other interrogation tactics . It appears that the legal standard for evaluating torture is psychologically untenable . Policymakers simply can not appreciate the severity of interrogation practices they themselves have not experienced , a psychological constraint that in effect encourages torture . Indeed , in several well-publicized incidents , public figures who denied that waterboarding was torture volunteered to experience it themselves , and almost instantly changed their minds . In combination , a range of empirical evidence points to the need for a more restrictive legal standard for evaluating the ethicality of interrogation techniques .	Three GOP presidential candidates say waterboarding is not a form of torture So which is it : Illicit torture or an acceptable interrogation practice ? asks Loran Nordgren Nordgren : People who do n't experience something ca n't estimate just how painful it is People who volunteer to experience waterboarding see it as torture , Nordgren says
Stephanie Mayweather is out of answers . Standing outside a corner market in crime-ridden North Philadelphia , she throws her arms up in desperation . "  I 've been here for 13 years and I have watched the crime escalate , I have watched the neighborhood deteriorate . I have watched the police presence decline here . I do n't know what the answer is , " said Mayweather , executive director of East Division Crime Victim Services . Behind her , stuffed teddy bears , balloons and flowers mark the spot where the store 's clerk , Rosemary "  Reyna " Fernandez-Rivera , was gunned down on January 23 because , police say , she witnessed a murder at the same spot the day after Thanksgiving . "  This is a vicious cycle , " Mayweather said . Out of the nation 's 10 largest cities , Philadelphia 's homicide rate is the worst . Last year ended with 324 homicides , up from 306 in 2010 . And just one month into this year , there has been on average more than one homicide each day in Philadelphia , with many of the 34 deaths unfolding like episodes on "  Law & Order . " A man ambushed a car packed with teens -- killing three of them -- for feuding with his stepsons . A pizza delivery man was shot in the back during a robbery . Another man was beaten to death hailing a cab on a busy downtown street . Then there was the retribution killing of Fernandez-Rivera , the store clerk and alleged murder witness . Aside from the murders , there have been ruthless beatings . On January 2 , an off-duty police officer and Iraq war veteran was punched and kicked until he was unconscious outside a landmark restaurant after the Winter Classic hockey game . A couple of weeks later , a 64-year-old Vietnam veteran on his way to meet his wife at the bus stop was attacked and robbed by two teens . "  I think folks are desperate . I think they 're desperate and come from a culture where they learn the way to handle an argument is with a gun , " said Chuck Williams , director of the Center for the Prevention of School-Aged Violence at Drexel University . Williams , an education professor at Drexel University , works with educators and youth to prevent school fights , shootings and cyberbullying . "  Although the streets do n't offer anything positive , to a lot of the young people , a lot of the boys , the young black men ,  the streets are  consistent , " he said . "  They know where they stand  on the streets  . " Philadelphia 's mayor has made it clear the city is waging an all-out war against violent criminals . "  If you want to act like an idiot , if you want to be an a-hole , if you want to be a low-life in this town , we will track you down like the dog that you are , " Mayor Michael Nutter told CNN affiliate KYW last month . At the end of January , city officials unveiled new crimefighting measures , including a reward of $ 20,000 for information solving a homicide and $ 500 for locating illegal guns , plus funding for the witness assistance program and increasing police presence . At the news conference announcing the measures , Nutter put it this way : "  To every criminal out there : I just put a $ 20,000 bounty on your head . " A violent trend City officials say it 's too early to determine whether Philadelphia 's homicide rate will continue to rise this year . Last year , as the city was besieged by teen mob attacks , Nutter made it clear he would not tolerate the violence . He raised some eyebrows last summer when he took to the pulpit to call out the predominantly black youths involved in the attacks . "  You damage yourself , you damage another person , you damage your peers , and quite honestly , you damage your own race , " said Nutter , who is black and has two children . In an attempt to stop the mob violence , Nutter moved up the weekend curfews for teens in two Philadelphia neighborhoods that bore the brunt of the seemingly random attacks . "  There is no excuse for young people being out so late at night by themselves and then making bad decisions and literally assaulting other citizens , " Nutter said . "  I will not tolerate that . " Philadelphia may have the worst homicide rate of the country 's most populated cities , according to the most recent complete data  see fact box on left  , but it pales in comparison with less-populated U.S. cities . Based on statistics from 2010 , Philadelphia 's homicide rate is about 20 killings per 100,000 people , according to FBI statistics . By comparison , cities with smaller populations have murder rates far worse than Philadelphia , including New Orleans at 49.1 , St. Louis at 40.5 and Baltimore at 34.8 . Criminal justice professor Jerry Ratcliffe says it 's important to put Philadelphia 's homicide data into a broader perspective . "  Nobody likes to have these homicide statistics , " said Ratcliffe , director of the Center for Security and Crime Science at Temple University . "  You 're talking about 34 homicides . That 's in a city of 1.5 million people . " While the daily body count is a disturbing trend for the city and triggers rampant media coverage , it does n't mean Philadelphia is on track to become the murder capital of the country , Ratcliffe said . "  I do n't want to belittle the numbers , but it 's really too difficult to assess the safety of the entire city based on little over a month of data , " he said . "  The real test will be this spring or summer when we  normally  see the violence peak . " Sending a message This year , most of the city 's homicides have been confined to North Philadelphia , including the Kensington neighborhood , where Fernandez-Rivera was gunned down inside her store and where Stephanie Mayweather 's nonprofit victims ' support unit operates . She said violence is now part of the fabric of the neighborhood and is as commonplace as a passing city bus . "  They 're committing crimes in broad daylight . These crimes are heinous because they put the fear of God in these communities , " she said . "  This homicide sent a strong message in this community . If you see something , do n't say anything , because this could be you . " Mayweather said her East Division Crime Victim Services has helped more than 420 victims of violent crime since November , with several free services including court accompaniment and crime victim 's compensation assistance , as well as short - and long-term counseling to victims of violent crimes ranging from shootings to rape . Mayweather 's building , a renovated former drug house now riddled with bullet holes , is one block away from the Caribe Mini Market where Fernandez-Rivera was killed . It also sits around the corner from where the infamous "  Kensington Strangler , " responsible for at least three homicides , was apprehended last year . Mayweather said she believes the situation in Kensington has worsened after a nearby police precinct closed in recent years . "  Some days , I 'm afraid , " she said . "  But if all of the social services ran out of this community out of fear , who would be here ? " ` There 's still killing every day ' The city 's daily violence has news outlets once again branding the city "  Kill-adelphia . " Public safety advocate Anthony Murphy said the moniker is unfair . He urged critics to "  look beyond the body count . " "  We are n't all going out shooting each other randomly . Things have happened , yes . There 's a challenge , yes . But Kill-adelphia ? No . Should you be afraid to be in Philadelphia ? No , " said Murphy , executive director for Town Watch Integrated Services , an organization of volunteers who patrol neighborhoods . "  Police ca n't do everything . We have a responsibility to address the challenges in our community . " That responsibility , Murphy said , starts with establishing a positive foundation for youth , particularly when it comes to conflict resolution . Arguments are the leading motive for murder , and blacks make up nearly 84 % of the homicide victims , according to police data . Stopping arguments from escalating to deadly violence is a priority at City Hall . "  Prevention  is  a key portion of what we 're doing , " said Everett Gillison , Nutter 's chief of staff and deputy mayor for public safety . "  But also just getting the community to act as one and come forward and say ` enough is enough . This stuff has got to stop . ' " Back in North Philadelphia , the gifts left behind in memory of Fernandez-Rivera join the collection of memorials honoring shooting victims across the neighborhood . At a recent prayer vigil , Lizasuain "  Mota " DeJesus released a dole of doves in memory of the slain store clerk , whom she knew from her regular visits to the corner store . "  She was a really nice lady , very respectable , " she said . "  I 'm really in shock still that this has happened to her . " DeJesus is no stranger to violence . Her 5-year-old daughter , Iriana , was abducted , sexually assaulted , strangled and later found in an apartment building a block from her home in North Philadelphia . The alleged killer is one of the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's 10 most wanted fugitives . She said that while justice was served for Fernandez-Rivera through arrests for her slaying , she believes more needs to be done to stop the killing . "  I 'm really disgusted with how every day you hear about a shooting , every day you hear somebody getting killed , every day something going on , " DeJesus said . "  One death is too many , but a thousand of them is never enough  to have any effect  . There 's still killing every day . "	This January , there were 34 homicides in Philadelphia In past years , it had the highest homicide rate of all big U.S. cities Victims ' advocate says many crimes committed in "  broad daylight " Philly mayor has warned criminals , "  We will track you down like the dog that you are "
CNN  -- In Russian , there is an old saying : "  An uninvited guest is worse than a Tatar , " referring to the country 's medieval invaders from the East . Although Edward Snowden 's lawyer calls him "  the most wanted man on the planet , " it 's clear that Russia 's president , Vladimir Putin , would rather he were just about anywhere else . After five weeks in Sheremetyevo Airport 's transit zone , the NSA leaker was allowed to leave on Thursday under a grant of temporary asylum valid for one year . A taxi spirited him to an undisclosed Moscow location , where Putin 's Federal Security Service will undoubtedly be watching him closely . To some in the U.S. , Snowden 's Sheremetyevo escapade seems to have Putin written all over it . The Russian president , who once compared the U.S. 's behavior abroad to that of the Third Reich , seems to rarely miss an opportunity to score points at Washington 's expense . Yet the reality is that Putin did not seek out this problem , and now that his agents have presumably debriefed Snowden , he would much prefer for it to disappear . Snowden was -- and remains -- an uninvited guest . Russia 's intelligence agencies did not lure the NSA contractor to Moscow . It is not even clear how much they will have learned from him . Russian intelligence must have known already that the NSA was comprehensively monitoring telephone and Internet traffic . Putin , who has never shown a soft spot for whistle-blowers and civil libertarians , is certainly not sheltering Snowden on humanitarian grounds . As a former KGB colonel , he understands the U.S. intelligence community 's desire to get the leaker back . But Putin is stuck . He can not extradite Snowden to the U.S. without looking subservient . At the same time , he has no real interest in further damaging relations with Washington . That might seem strange given the angry rhetoric that regularly issues from Moscow , in particular from the Parliament , where Putin 's United Russia party dominates . Just in December , Putin signed a bill banning the adoption of Russian orphans by Americans . However , anti-Americanism has always been a complicated game for the Russian president . On the one hand , it plays well in the provinces . Since December 2011 , when Moscow 's boulevards erupted into protest , Putin has faced the most serious political challenge of his career . Having lost the support of sophisticated urbanites , his priority has been to shore up his provincial base . One key strategy has been to appeal to more traditional and nationalist constituencies . Kremlin operatives attempt to discredit Putin 's critics by portraying them as stooges for an interventionist Washington that seeks to interfere in Russian domestic life . In 2007 , Putin compared his opponents to "  jackals , " scrounging around outside foreign embassies for handouts . Although exploiting xenophobia may seem crude , it works with some segments of the population . Putin wins widespread credit for standing up for Russia 's rights and restoring the country 's position in the world . Still , while insisting on Russian sovereignty , Putin loses the aura of a skilled statesman if his policies provoke genuine crises . Behind the scenes , and even in public , he has sought accommodation on certain international issues . Putin , the anti-American in chief , personally faced down communist protesters to permit NATO to build a transit hub in the city of Ulyanovsk . Some in Washington have urged President Obama to skip the G20 summit in St. Petersburg in September . Sen. Lindsey Graham even suggested boycotting the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics . Putin would clearly like to avoid such snubs . But were they to occur , he would cast them as yet another show of U.S. arrogance , a slap in the face not for him personally but for Russia . Assuming the leaders of Western European countries -- where many sympathize with Snowden -- do come to St. Petersburg , the final impression produced by Obama 's empty chair might be less of Russian humiliation than of U.S. isolation . For this and other reasons , the White House would probably also prefer to move beyond the Snowden issue . The U.S. public appears ambivalent at this point , uncomfortable about both Snowden 's law-breaking and the scope of government snooping . Yet the longer the issue remains in the public eye , the more embarrassing it is likely to become for the administration . For a U.S. attorney general to have to guarantee that a suspect would not be tortured if returned shows how much has changed over the past 12 years . The more officials turn out to have "  misspoken " in denying existing surveillance programs , the lower trust in government is likely to sink . At the same time , the U.S. has a broader agenda on which it needs to negotiate with Moscow . Syria continues to bleed . Although odds of a breakthrough are low , a joint U.S.-Russian peace conference is supposed to take place in Geneva this fall . The Iranian and North Korean nuclear programs remain urgent challenges . On these and other issues , Russia 's U.N. Security Council seat makes it a crucial player . Through 2014 , as U.S. troops withdraw from Afghanistan , the NATO transport route across Russian territory will remain important . If Secretary of State John Kerry 's latest attempt to revive Middle East peace talks is to bear fruit , the U.S. will at least need to persuade Russia not to become a spoiler . Finally , even on Snowden , the White House may not want to push the Russians too far . As Andrew Kuchins , director of the Russia and Eurasia Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , points out , the U.S. could do worse than to have Snowden remain -- under tight control -- in Moscow . If Putin honors his pledge to stop Snowden harming what Putin called his "  American partners , " then at least further leaks will be prevented . Were the Russians in frustration to put their uninvited guest on a plane to Ecuador or Cuba , the next morning 's newspapers might contain additional revelations . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Treisman .	Daniel Treisman says Putin often takes anti-American stances to shore up his support He writes that the Snowden affair has put Putin in a difficult bind He says Putin ca n't be seen to be subservient to U.S. but does n't want a fight Treisman : U.S. needs Russian support on some key international issues
Washington  CNN  -- While acknowledging the hard-hit black community and budding criticisms in its ranks , President Barack Obama said in a speech Saturday night to the Congressional Black Caucus that he would n't give up -- and urged members of the black community to join him to jump-start the still-sluggish economy . "  I expect all of you to march with me , and press on , " Obama said . " ... Stop complaining , stop grumbling , stop crying . We are going to press on . We 've got work to do . " The unemployment rate among African-Americans is 16.7 % , nearly double the national average , while 40 % of black children live in poverty . Such facts have made fiscal reforms a priority for caucus members , some of whom -- most of them Democrats -- have criticized Obama for not doing enough on the issue . They include Rep. Maxine Waters , D-California , who at a caucus "  jobs ' tour town hall " in Detroit this month described the unemployment rate among blacks "  unconscionable . " She said the strategy to fix it was unclear , adding that the caucus was "  getting tired " of waiting for one . She questioned the president 's decision to focus on the Midwest during a three-day jobs bus tour in August , stating that the 3 million who live in Iowa -- and are mostly white -- are roughly equal in number to the African-Americans who are out of work . She suggested that Obama 's administration seemed more keen to focus on that politically important state than on the black community . "  Are the unemployed in the African-American community , including almost 45 % of its youth , as important as the people of Iowa ? " she asked in the statement she released ahead of the president 's speech before a joint session of Congress in which he announced his jobs plan . In his speech Saturday , Obama called the situation for many blacks "  heartbreaking , and it 's frustrating . " But he also touted achievements of his administration -- such as on the earned income tax credit , anti-foreclosure programs and consumer financial protections -- for making a difference , while admitting more work lies ahead . "  In these hard years , we have won a lot of fights  and  we 've done a lot of good , " he said . "  But we 've got more work to do . People are still hurting . " As to the criticism , the president said that "  nobody feels the burden more than I do . " But in a rousing end to his speech , he said he knew addressing problems was n't going to be easy . One of the chief lessons from the civil rights movement is that "  you ca n't stop " in the face of challenges , he said . "  The future rewards those who press on , with patience and determination , " he said . "  Take off your bedroom slippers , put on your marching shoes . " Obama promoted his recently proposed American Jobs Act during his speech , as well as his tax reform efforts to pay for the bill in part by closing loopholes and effectively having some wealthier Americans pay more in taxes than they do currently . As he did in a nationally televised speech several weeks ago , the president repeatedly used the phrase "  pass this jobs bill " in promoting its various measures -- including efforts to bolster small businesses , rebuild schools and bridges , and hire back teachers , firefighters and police . In an apparent swipe at Republicans , he urged politicians to fight as hard "  for ordinary folks as you do for all your contributors . " "  We have to make sure that everyone in this country gets a fair shake , and a fair shot , and a chance to get ahead , " he said . Obama insisted that having "  the folks who have benefited the most ... pay their fair share " in taxes must be part of any solution , adding , "  This is all about fairness . " The president has proposed a $ 4,000 tax credit to employers for hiring long-term unemployed workers and higher credits to companies that hire veterans who have been unemployed for at least six months . He also wants to see unemployment insurance extended to prevent 5 million Americans from losing their benefits and stronger programs to help the long-term unemployed through counseling and job training . A number of caucus members -- including Chairman Rep. Emanuel Cleaver of Missouri and fellow Democratic representatives like John Lewis of Georgia and Frederica Wilson of Florida -- released statements of support for the American Jobs Act after the president 's speech , as did other black leaders , such as Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter . Waters also praised the plan in TV interviews after the speech , though she said she and other caucus members wished the plan was "  even bigger " and that she hoped the kind of help proposed would get to the people who need it most . More than anything , some black caucus members have said that it is imperative that Obama not only propose a plan , but stick to it . Some of the group 's staffers have said they hope the White House learned from experiences in past bills , such as the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory overhaul , an instance in which they claim the administration did not negotiate from a position of strength . One thing that the administration appears intent on doing is not ignoring black voters , which overwhelmingly supported him in his 2008 presidential bid . Obama recently met with black journalists and with the leaders of organizations that serve the community -- the NAACP 's Ben Jealous , the National Urban League 's Marc Morial and the Rev. Al Sharpton from the National Action Network . He also has taped an interview with BET Networks , set to air Monday , in which he is expected to specifically address the "  increase of unemployment among African-Americans since taking office , the current economic crisis , the political landscape around the 2012 presidential election " among other issues , according to the network . At a panel this month with black media group Interactive One , one of the president 's top advisers , Valerie Jarrett , called the unemployment rate in the black community "  unacceptably high " and said the president understood that "  inaction is not an option . " In remarks to the panel , the president said 20 million African-American workers would benefit from his jobs bill proposal to cut the payroll tax in half , a measure he said would save the average family $ 1,500 a year . "  It helps out-of-work Americans , including the 1.4  million  African-American folks and their families who are out of work , by extending unemployment benefits to help support them and their families while they 're looking for work , " the president said . "  And it also reforms the training programs that are available so that they can build real skills and connect to jobs . And that will particularly help the long-term unemployed . "	NEW : Obama stresses "  fairness , " while admitting "  we 've got more work to do " "  Stop grumbling , stop crying , " the president advises With the black jobless rate at 16.7 % in August , it 's major concern for officials Obama has recently been meeting with black journalists , leaders
Watch the full interview with Ratan Tata on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " at 1 p.m. ET Sunday on CNN . The Taj Mahal hotel in Mumbai , India , temporarily increased security after being warned of a possible terrorist attack , the chairman of the company that owns the hotel said Saturday . Tata Group Chairman Ratan Tata , whose company owns the Taj hotel , discusses this week 's attacks in Mumbai . But Tata Group Chairman Ratan Tata said those measures , which were eased shortly before this week 's terror attacks , could not have prevented gunmen from entering the hotel . "  If I look at what we had ... it could not have stopped what took place , " Tata said in an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that will air Sunday . "  It 's ironic that we did have such a warning , and we did have some measures , " Tata said , without elaborating on the warning or when security measures were enacted . "  People could n't park their cars in the portico , where you had to go through a metal detector . " However , Tata said the attackers did not enter through the entrance that has a metal detector . Instead , they came in a back entrance , he said . Watch Tata discuss need for better preparedness " "  They knew what they were doing , and they did not go through the front . All of our arrangements are in the front , " he said . "  They planned everything , " he said of the attackers . "  I believe the first thing they did , they shot a sniffer dog and his handler . They went through the kitchen . " The 105-year-old hotel was one of nine sites attacked by gunmen in a 60-hour wave of terror that killed at least 183 people and injured hundreds more before it ended in a standoff at the hotel Saturday morning . Learn more about the historic hotel 's past and future " Authorities carried out a room-by-room sweep in the 565-room Victorian building late Saturday to make sure that all guests had been evacuated and no gunmen remained inside . A. Vaidyanathan , an economist who was a guest in the Taj when the attacks occurred , told The Hindu newspaper on Friday that he had noticed tight security at the hotel when he stayed there last month . "  First , when you enter the open parking , where the cars are parked , you had a very heavy metal frame ; your baggage was searched , " he said . "  At the entrance of the foyer , there was another metal detector , and you were personally searched and so on . " However , for this latest trip , he said , he could walk right into the hotel without encountering the same measures . Bullet holes and scars of grenade blasts marred the restaurant walls in the Taj Mahal hotel , Tata said . See images from the battlegrounds " Tata said the attacks revealed deficiencies in law enforcement , especially in the areas of crisis response and management . "  We were getting the cooperation that they could give us , but the infrastructure was woefully poor , " he said , As an example , Tata said it took three hours for firefighters to get water to the Taj after a blaze broke out in the oldest part of the building . "  We had people who died being shot through bulletproof vests , " he added . Tata said that not even the army or commandoes who ultimately took over the offensive were prepared for the level of organization and execution that the attackers seemed to have put into their plan . "  They seemed to know -LSB- the hotel -RSB- in the night or in the daytime , " he said of the attackers . "  They seemed to have planned their moves quite well , and there seem to have been a lot of pre-planning . " Tata said the attacks underscored the need for law enforcement to develop infrastructure for crisis management , even if it meant seeking outside expertise for training , equipment and strategic operations . "  We 've been very complacent , because we 've really not had this kind of terrorism inflicted upon us , " he said . "  We should not stand on ceremony to hold back . We should go to the best place possible to get expertise . " Tata was hopeful that the attacks would unite Indians behind a common goal of preventing a similar tragedy . "  Rather than have us succumb to this kind of terror , what it has done is given us a resolve that nobody can do this to us , " he said . "  We 're indignant , but we 're not scared . If there 's a view that this has pulled us down , I think it will unite the country that much more . " Tata said he derived those sentiments from members of his staff , who have pledged to stand behind him and restore the Taj to its former grandeur . "  The general manager lost his whole family in one of the fires in the building , " Tata said . "  I went up to him today and I told him how sorry I was , and he said , ` Sir , we are going to beat this . We are going to build this Taj back into what it was . We 're standing with you . We will not let this event take us down . ' " Tata added , "  And that is the feeling that they have , and I have a feeling that that 's pretty much echoed throughout the country . "	Taj had heightened security in response to warning , Tata group chairman says Increased measures would n't have stopped gunmen , Ratan Tata says Tata surprised at level of planning , familiarity with hotel shown by attackers "  We 're indignant , but we 're not scared , " Tata says of nation 's resolve
Atlanta  CNN  -- The day after little Jorelys Rivera 's mangled body was found in a suburban Atlanta trash compactor , Ryan Brunn sat in a stark room for a police interview . He began with confidence , but ended with trouble . Keith Sitton , a special agent with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation , hooked up the jeans-clad Brunn to a polygraph machine . Then , he fired off a series of questions to the 20-year-old maintenance man . A videotape of Brunn 's polygraph test was released Thursday . "  Regarding that girl , do you intend to answer these questions truthfully ? " "  Yes . " "  Did you participate in any way in causing the death of that girl ? " "  No . " "  Did you cause the death of that girl ? " "  No . " "  Do you know for sure who caused the death of that girl ? " "  No . " Sitton asked the questions three times . Each time , Brunn said he had nothing to do with Jorelys ' killing . By the end of the interview , Sitton knew better . Brunn had turned into a prime suspect . In the videotape , he tells Brunn that he did poorly on the questions regarding his alleged participation in Jorelys ' death and the disposal of her body . "  I can see you 're not doing good on this test , " Sitton says . "  Those two questions are really bothering me . " "  I 'm not holding back , " Brunn says . "  I promise you . I 'll take the test again . " But that was not an option for Brunn . The next day , on December 7 , he was arrested . Eventually , he pleaded guilty and , standing before a judge in a Cherokee County courthouse , he described in detail how he enticed , molested and killed Jorelys , 7 , in Canton , 40 miles north of Atlanta . After he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole , Brunn hanged himself with his sweathshirt in a prison cell . It was that polygraph test that was started Brunn 's unraveling . "  I 've been doing this for a long time , " Sitton tells Brunn at the start of the session . But Brunn seems not at all concerned about the questions he is about to face . Some people think they can beat a polygraph test , said Dr. Peter Ash , a forensic psychiatrist at Emory University in Atlanta . "  The fact is that most of them ca n't do it , " he said . "  You can control how you look . You ca n't control how you sweat . " Besides , said Ash , criminals are not known for good judgment . His shirt sleeve rolled up to his shoulders , Brunn begins by telling Sitton that on a scale of one to 10 , he is a 7.5 on the truth meter . That he had lied the day before when police asked him whether he 'd run the trash compactor at the River Ridge Apartments in Canton , where Jorelys 's body was found . "  I should have just told the truth straight up , " Brunn says . "  But I did n't . I was scared . " Brunn tells Sitton that his family was originally from New York but he had been living in Dahlonega , Georgia . He moved to the Canton complex in November , where he was living at a discount and working in maintenance . He 'd finished 10th grade but no more . Sitton tells him it 's never too late to graduate . Brunn went to Honduras a few years back on a church mission to help rebuild houses for the needy . Sutton asks him if he smoked marijuana . Brunn admits to smoking the night before . He answers Sitton 's questions with apparent ease , not as a man who had committed a heinous crime . Later in court , he would describe how he used a roller skate to lure Jorelys into a vacant apartment . He told the judge he made the girl undress and wanted to take her for "  sexual purposes . " He said he got scared that she would go home and tell her parents what had happened . So he struck her with the skate , slit her throat and tossed her body into the compactor . He even taped a handwritten note telling investigators that Jorelys was in there , almost as though he wanted his crime to be discovered . By the end of the polygraph test , Brunn 's voice is slight . He appears more nervous and goes outside to smoke a cigarette . When he returns , Sitton confronts him about his lies . "  There 's something on this that you 're not telling us . Something that you are keeping to yourself , " he says . "  What is it you 're holding back ? Because we 're trying to solve this thing . " Brunn fiddles with his cell phone . Sitton tells him not to worry about his calls , that he 's got more important things to worry about . "  It 's just written all over you . Something 's bothering you . " "  I am not bothered at all . " "  You have n't told the complete truth about everything . " "  I have . " It turns out Brunn lied about smoking pot , as well . He had smoked that morning , not the night before , as he said previously . Sitton tells him that he is concerned about Brunn 's marijuana habit . Brunn says he gets high but "  it does n't make me crazy . I promise you that . " Before the video cuts off , Sitton asks Brunn about allegations he faced in Virginia before his move to Georgia . He had been accused of sexually fondling another girl . "  You know what I 'm talking about , " Sitton says . "  I do n't , " Brunn replies . "  Remember I said you had to be 100 % truthful ? I asked you if anyone made accusations . So what you done is told me a lie . You also lied about the trash compactor . " "  They put things in that child 's head , " Brunn says . "  I 'm a good person . I did n't do nothing to that little Spanish girl and I did n't do nothing to  the other  girl . " There is little remorse in Brunn 's words . Later in court , he would tell Jorelys ' family that he was sorry . "  Lo siento , " he said in Spanish . But in front on Jorelys ' sobbing mother , Brunn 's apology fell far short . Two days later , he , too , was dead .	Ryan Brunn tells an agent in Georgia that he had nothing to do with the killing of Jorelys Rivera The agent confronts him about some responses Later , Brunn pleaded guilty and described in court how he killed the little girl Brunn committed suicide after his sentencing
The United States obtained a restraining order Monday to block the sale of a painting by Pablo Picasso valued at an estimated $ 11.5 million at the request of the Italian government , the Justice Department announced . The case involves a 1909 work by Picasso known as "  Compotier et tasse " which had been offered for private sale in New York . American officials obtained a restraining order blocking any sale and preventing the painting from being moved after Italian authorities asked for help in connection to the prosecution of Gabriella Amati . She and her late husband , Angelo Maj , were charged by Italian prosecutors with embezzlement and fraud . The couple allegedly worked with an official for the city of Naples and embezzled approximately $ 44 million of the city 's tax revenues , according to Italian court documents . The Picasso was not stolen but was purchased with money that Amati and her husband allegedly obtained through criminal activity , said a U.S. law enforcement official . Agents working for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement located and recovered the painting in New York , where it was being offered for sale , on May 21 . "  Restraining this valuable artwork is an effort to help recover some of the estimated $ 44 million that this couple stole from the tax-paying citizens of Naples , " ICE Director John Morton said in a written statement .	Picasso 's "  Compotier et tasse , " valued at $ 11.5 million , was for sale in New York The U.S. stopped its sale at the request of the Italian government The would-be seller is accused of bilking the city of Naples of $ 44 million in tax revenue
CNN  -- Airport dining does n't have to be terminal . A new wave of airport restaurants is elevating airport cuisine above the level of greasy burgers and wilting sushi , as celebrity chefs and regional food heroes bring their magic to the one-time culinary wasteland of the airport . Many of the chefs involved are Michelin-starred , and their offerings rate alongside the finest restaurants in their cities . The better restaurants that are located in the public areas of their respective airports , such as Hong Kong 's Hung 's Delicacies and La Moraga in Malaga , Spain , have become magnets for non-traveling locals , achieving the hitherto unthinkable by turning the airport into a foodie destination . Across the industry , there is a broader recognition that many among the captive audience of travelers are looking for something more substantial than simply filling a hole in their stomachs , and would place a premium on quality food in stylish surroundings . Industry awards such as those made by Skytrax include categories recognizing the best airport restaurant offerings . This year the top five awards went to Hong Kong International , London Heathrow , Munich , Singapore Changi and Amsterdam Schiphol , in that order . Here is CNN 's pick of restaurants that are raising the bar in terms of airport dining . One Flew South , Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , USA Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport lays claim to the title of the world 's busiest airport . But in Terminal E , at One Flew South , you can find respite from the commotion . Executive chef Duane Nutter 's upscale , Southern-influenced cuisine includes crowd-pleasers such as his signature pork-belly sliders , pecan-dusted scallops and pulled duck sandwiches , while the bar runs a strong selection of classic and original cocktails . See also : Celebrity chefs create mile-high menus Hung 's Delicacies , Hong Kong International Airport Hung 's Delicacies began as humble side-street bistro in Hong Kong in 2003 , but soon earned a sizzling reputation on the city 's food scene for its distinctive dishes , cooked in a secret marinade . Favorites include duck tongues in Chinese liquor , sliced goose in marinade and chicken leg tendons in sesame oil . The original restaurant has won a Michelin star three years running , and its airport offshoot is even drawing local residents to the airport for a meal . "  I treat every customer as a gourmet and listen to their opinions . That 's the reason why I can cook unique dishes , " chef Lai Wai-Hung told CNN . La Moraga , Malaga Airport , Spain La Moraga , in Terminal three of Spain 's Malaga Airport , is a stylish gastrobar serving contemporary tapas , desserts and more substantial creations . Typical fare includes the oxtail burger , and cherry gazpacho . The restaurant is the brainchild of Andalusian master chef Dani Garcia -- a recipient of the National Gastronomy Prize from Spain 's top culinary authority -- who has won Michelin stars for his restaurants Tragabuches , in Malaga , and Calima in Marbella . Plane Food , London Heathrow Airport , UK Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay , recipient of more than a dozen Michelin stars across his restaurant portfolio , has brought his winning formula to London Heathrow Airport . Plane Food , his stylish restaurant in Terminal five , offers fare such as crumbed fried pork , steamed sea bass , and a short rib burger . Heathrow 's restaurant offerings were voted the world 's second-best at this year 's Skytrax awards . Bubbles Seafood and Wine Bar , Schiphol Airport , Amsterdam , The Netherlands Bubbles Seafood and Wine Bar is a place where passengers can enjoy ocean-fresh oysters , lobster and champagne amidst designer surroundings -- next to an aquarium of tropical fish . What 's not to like ? Schiphol was voted the world 's fifth best airport for restaurants at this year 's Skytrax awards . Altitude , Geneva International Airport , Switzerland Fine dining and fanastic views combine at Altitude , where travelers can enjoy the creations of Michelin-award winning chefs Gilles Dupont , Thomas Byrne and Fabien Legon , while taking in sweeping views over the Jura Mountains . Selections include Kamchatka crab ravioli , duck foie gras with quince and pepper chutney , beef tartare and , of course , Swiss cheeses .	A new wave of restaurants is bringing upscale cuisine to airports Many of the chefs involved are Michelin-starred Some in the public sections of terminals even draw non-traveling locals Skytrax recently named Hong Kong airport 's restaurants the world 's best
Rolling Stone  -- Robert Plant 's 2007 album with pop-bluegrass songbird Alison Krauss , Raising Sand , did something 25 years of solo records never quite managed . It fully transformed him from former Led Zeppelin golden god into a roots singer . Plant had never sung so tenderly or collaboratively , commanding a crack modern string band that defined power in terms other than "  Physical Graffiti " . "  Band of Joy " -- named after Plant 's first band with late pal John Bonham -- smartly takes some cues from "  Raising Sand . " Plant uses an A list of country voices and players  Patty Griffin , Buddy Miller  and an inspired mix of vintage and modern songs . If it 's not quite as seamless and sublime a record , well , it 's pretty damn good , and what it lacks in coherence it makes up for in magnified rock & roll mojo . Miller helps with the latter . The journeyman guitarist-songwriter  and former Emmylou Harris collaborator  co-produced the record with Plant , and he contributes muscular playing and singing . His guitar is low and nasty on the lead cut , a coiled , mandolin-dusted cover of Los Lobos ' "  Angel Dance . " And he opens up on "  House of Cards , " a cover of Richard Thompson 's scalding 1978 folk rocker , bright leads carving the air while Plant and Griffin 's harmonies recall Zep 's "  The Battle of Evermore . " But what 's most striking is Plant 's vocal versatility . As a solo act , his songwriting has been spotty , if impressively versatile . But he 's proved himself to be an excellent interpreter , from his 1984 "  Honeydrippers " EP of old-school R&B and pop through Raising Sand . He does the same here , and the songs give him plenty to work with . He returns to the late , great Townes Van Zandt  whose "  Nothin ' " was a highlight on Sand  for the bleak "  Harm 's Swift Way , " working a metaphor that turns the idea of time into a woman beyond a man 's control . Plant does n't oversing a whit , delivering poetic meditations on mortality with Griffin 's harmonies clinging to him like a spangled death shroud . The two most striking songs are the most left-field , both penned by the brooding husband-wife indie-rock band Low . "  Silver Rider " is a glittering dirge , another showcase for Griffin , who 's such a good songwriter that 's it 's easy to forget what a great singer she is . Plant sings "  Monkey " almost as a whisper . "  It 's a suicide/Shut up and drive , " he snarls , in what sounds like the opening scene of a David Lynch film . It 's as menacingly restrained as anything he 's ever uttered . This is a record primarily about loss and time 's march , and Plant sings with gravity , working his middle range . It does n't all click . "  Even This Shall Pass Away " tries too hard for profundity . And the old spiritual "  Satan Your Kingdom Must Come Down " mostly makes you want to hear Plant back cruising Lucifer 's daughter on "  Houses of the Holy . " But Plant is n't singing like the old days . The closest he comes is "  You Ca n't Buy My Love , " first recorded in 1965 by R&B singer Barbara Lynn . Plant knocks it out playfully , like a lost demo from Led Zeppelin I , with a few hollers and sexy woo-oh-ohs . And in 3:10 , it 's over . You ca n't buy his love , and you ca n't turn back time . It 's a notion other rock vets could do well to ponder . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Robert Plant releases new album titled "  Band of Joy " The album is named after Plant 's first band with John Bonham Plant 's was Led Zeppelin 's former frontman
CNN  Juan Martin Del Potro has pulled out of the Australian Open , citing persistent concerns surrounding a wrist injury that has ravaged much of his past year . The 2009 US Open Champion has struggled with wrist injuries since 2010 and had not played for over ten months . Yet it appeared that Del Potro 's injury jinx was behind him after reaching the quarter final of the Sydney International last week . But the former world number four decided that the year 's first grand slam had come too soon . "  It 's a pity that I can not take part in such an important tournament , yet this is another episode in the long way to recovery , " Del Potro wrote on his Facebook account . "  I will follow the advice of my doctors and try to return as soon as possible . " Del Potro has slipped to 276 in the world rankings since injuring his left wrist in February 2014 , but has indicated that he aims to play again in March , possibly in Miami or at Indian Wells . "  I appreciate the support that I received since I announced I was playing in Sydney , " he added . "  It was amazing . " This year 's Australian Open has been hit by a series of exciting , big -- hitting players either pulling out injured or struggling to reach peak fitness before the tournament begins Monday . US Open champion Marin Cilic pulled out at the start of the year , as did Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga whilst Rafael Nadal has complained that he is still feeling the effects of an operation to remove his appendix . The biggest uncertainly , however , concerns the fitness of Australia 's Nick Kyrgios . The teenage sensation arrived at Wimbledon an unknown but reached the quarter final after beating Nadal , announcing himself as one of the game 's most exciting young talents . Kyrgios has been desperate to get fit for his first ` home ' grand slam since following his breakthrough season and had taken the past four months off to try and heal a persistent back injury that had cast doubt on his participation . Last week it looked like he too might pull out but the 19-year-old confirmed he will be in Melbourne Monday . "  I 'm obviously feeling it . It 's not 100 per cent . But , you know , I 'm good enough to compete , " Kyrgios told the Sydney Morning Herald on the eve of the tournament . "  I 'm noticing improvements every day ... Yeah , I think I 'm ready to compete . "	Del Potro out of Australian Open Has struggled with a wrist injury for ten months Injury doubts persist over Nadal and Kyrgios
CNN  -- Let me tell you about the amazing kid who lives in our house . She 's 6 and she is the most hysterical , sarcastic , intelligent , funny , sweet , naÃ ¯ ve , confident , strong , independent , considerate person I have ever met . I have no idea how she got to be this way . You see , my husband is a quadriplegic . I care for him , I work full-time , and there are days when I feel like our daughter gets very little of my attention . Isabel was 6 months old when her dad was injured . During her first six months , he was just OK at changing diapers and he had no fashion sense when it came to dressing her . But he loved feeding her and playing with her and those two spent tons of time together . Then , our lives changed . It was December 21 , 2007 , three days before Isabel 's first Christmas . At our annual Christmas party with our friends , around midnight , my husband decided to jump into the snow to make a snow angel . Why ? Because he 's Ben . I remember looking at him , smiling and shaking my head . He looked at me , grinned and ran out into the snow -- and never got up . He had broken his neck at the C4/C5 level and was paralyzed completely from the shoulders down . I do not remember my daughter 's first Christmas . My parents and sisters spent it with her while I was in the hospital with my husband . I went from hugging and snuggling her before the accident to barely being able to look at her without crying . I could n't even hold her because the responsibility of being a "  single parent " in the physical sense was so overwhelming , I shut down . Every single minute of the day , I begged someone to fix my husband . I remember one night in the ICU , the nurses got a rocker for me from the NICU and made me sit with Isabel in Ben 's room . It was like they knew we needed time together , just the two of us . It felt very foreign to me for a very long time . I felt like her babysitter , not her mom . While I rocked her , I stared at her wondering how we were going to manage as a family and how unfair it was to her that we were putting her through so much . My mom became Isabel 's surrogate parent for almost eight months because I needed to focus on my husband . She was the one who got up with our daughter when she cried , and brought her to visit in rehab . Looking back , it still hurts to know how much time I missed with my daughter . I missed her first steps . I missed her first words . I missed so much . And it took years until I could let that all go , until I felt like her mom again . I 'm finally realizing how hard it must have been on my husband . He was no longer able to hold her . To help her . To play with her . He had to watch from the sidelines while everyone else took care of his child . As new parents , you expect things to be difficult . But when dealing with a spinal cord injury , difficult does n't begin to describe it . I went from caring for a 6-month-old with my husband to caring for a 6-month-old AND my husband . I liked how things were before the injury . My strong , confident husband took charge and I followed . In a second , it changed . I had to be responsible for our family . I am always the first one up and the last one to bed . I am pushed to the limit physically , emotionally and mentally almost every single day . But it has made us stronger . As we learned how to live our "  new " life , things became easier . We developed a routine . We found our sense of humor again . We worried about the relationship between Ben and Isabel . A lot . Every time she said that she did n't like him or want him around , we worried that it was because of his injury . We made a big deal out of it . We stressed about it . We talked to her teachers about it . We talked to a counselor about it . We thought that our daughter would n't connect with her dad because of his injury . It turns out we were wrong . Very wrong . Isabel is your typical 6-year-old who just happens to have learned more about life than most ever do , one who will place her hands on my face and solemnly tell me , "  Everything will be OK . " Our daughter loves her daddy . She knows he 's disabled . She knows he broke his neck . She knows there are limitations to what they can do together but trust me , they push the boundaries every single day . More than once , she 's come running to tell me that daddy got stuck in the mud or fell forward in his wheelchair or ran out of battery while on a walk . She 's come to me crying because she bumped her head or arm falling from her daddy 's chair when she was climbing on it , or riding in his lap , or jumping onto the couch from his chair . Too many times I 've had to yell at both of them for chasing each other through the house ; he in his chair and she on her scooter . Too many times I 've had to tell them to STOP IT because they were about to get into trouble together . She 's figured out the best way to crawl into his lap to watch a movie . She climbs onto the counter so she can give him a kiss at night . She turns off his chair when he 's in her room at night so he has to stay while she falls asleep . She puts clips in his hair and puts makeup on him to play dress up . She rolls her eyes when Ben tells a terrible joke and thinks it 's hilarious when she tries to tickle him , even though he can not feel it . Isabel does n't see Ben as a quadriplegic . She sees him as her father . She goes to him when she 's sad . She celebrates with him when she 's happy . His injury does not define their relationship . Their love for each other does . Every day I get to see that love they share grow into something even bigger . She has taught me how to look past her dad 's disability to see him for who he really is : my husband . The man I married . The man I love . That little kid has taught me more about love and life in her six years than anyone ever could . She taught us how to laugh again . How to have fun again . How to love each other again . She was the one who taught us that life was worth living . I can not wait to see else what else she can teach us as she grows .	Erin Hayes ' husband broke his neck on December 21 , 2007 Their daughter , Isabel , was six months old Isabel taught them how to be a family again , Hayes writes Got a parenting story to share ? Send it to CNN iReport
United Nations  CNN  -- The International Criminal Court 's chief prosecutor reported Friday to the U.N. Security Council that violence continues in Darfur and that the Sudanese president and his government are not cooperating with investigators . Luis Moreno-Ocampo noted positive developments in judicial proceedings and "  fruitful " cooperation with international bodies , but said there still remain many setbacks . He explained that crimes continue in the region , including "  indiscriminate bombings of civilians ... rapes and sexual violence " and the "  use of child soldiers . " Moreno-Ocampo also highlighted Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir 's role in the situation . "  Any leader committing crimes will face justice . Power does not provide immunity . " Al-Bashir has refused to appoint a lawyer to represent his position in court and , because of the ICC-issued warrant for his arrest , has not risked traveling to attend high-level events such as the U.N. General Assembly or a meeting held by the Organization of the Islamic Conference , or to other countries where it had been thought he might go , such as Uganda , Nigeria and Venezuela . Moreno-Ocampo said respect for the International Criminal Court 's decision to issue the warrant would send a clear message that al-Bashir "  will face justice . " "  There was no immunity for President -LSB- Slobodan -RSB- Milosevic -LSB- of the former Yugoslavia -RSB- , there was no immunity for Prime Minister -LSB- Jean -RSB- Kambanda -LSB- of Rwanda -RSB- , there was no immunity for President -LSB- Charles -RSB- Taylor -LSB- of Liberia -RSB- , " he said . Instead of complying with the Security Council , al-Bashir has used the Sudanese state apparatus "  to commit massive crimes " and has attempted to "  exacerbate " the conflict in the South as means of shifting the international community 's attention away from Darfur , Moreno-Ocampo said . He also accused al-Bashir of "  stopping information about the crimes " rather than stopping the crimes themselves . Deputy U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Rosemary DiCarlo called on the Sudanese government to fully cooperate with the International Criminal Court and its investigations as called for in Security Council Resolution 1593 . "  The United States believes that those responsible for the atrocities in Darfur must be held accountable " as they "  affect the stability of Sudan as a whole , " she said . DiCarlo said the ongoing violence in Darfur undermines "  an already fragile humanitarian situation " and urged all states "  to refrain from providing political or financial support " to those charged by the International Criminal Court . Moreno-Ocampo said his office was considering holding responsible Sudanese officials "  who actively deny and dissimulate crimes . " "  Since Nuremberg , due obedience is no longer a legal excuse " for the facilitation of such criminal acts , he said . Sudanese Ambassador Abdalmahmood Abdalhaleem Mohamad responded by calling Moreno-Ocampo a "  mercenary of death and destruction , " back once more to spread his "  illusions " and "  catastrophic vision . " "  This is a big lie . The war in Darfur is over , " he said . Mohamad turned to those in the Security Council who asked for justice , and said they "  should feel ashamed " and that their "  credibility is at stake , if they have any . " The Sudanese ambassador said Moreno-Ocampo "  would like to prolong the suffering of our people , " and said , "  We will charge him with political prostitution . " Reiterating his role as prosecutor is "  to investigate and prosecute to contribute to the prevention of future crimes , " Moreno-Ocampo said he is "  ready to answer any challenge in court . " However , he acknowledged he would need the Security Council 's full support "  to end the current crimes against the people from Darfur . "	The International Criminal Court 's chief prosecutor reported Friday to the U.N. Security Council Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo says violence continues in Darfur Moreno-Ocampo also highlighted Sudanese president 's role in the situation International Criminal Court has issued arrest warrant for Sudan 's president
