CNN  -- I have the utmost respect for Dr. Cornel West and Tavis Smiley . Their accomplishments are vast . Dr. West , an academic philosopher at Princeton University , has for decades spoken up for the poor . Tavis Smiley , talk show host and author , has always used his platform to discuss the issues of the black community and the country as a whole . President Obama said during the 2008 campaign that we should be able to disagree without being disagreeable . That is a simple injunction that many in politics do not follow . That said , I respectfully disagree with West and Smiley 's characterization of President Obama 's first term in office . West has simply described it as a failure , and referred to the president as "  the black mascot of Wall Street oligarchs , " and the "  head of the American killing machine . " Smiley has accused the president of ignoring the issues of the black community . The two held a 16-city "  Poverty Tour " earlier this month , during which they aired their complaints about Obama . To hear them tell it , one would think that Obama is in the back pocket of Wall Street and the banks and has turned his back on the working poor , impoverished and middle class in America . I am not looking at President Obama 's first term through rose colored glasses . There is always room for criticism and improvement ; our president 's decisions are far from perfect . But the criticism from West and Smiley leave out a lot . They ignore the positive moves Obama has made to benefit -- in real ways -- the black community , the poor , the disadvantaged , and the country as a whole . Let 's take Obama and health care reform . Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , which he shepherded and signed into law , insurance companies are no longer allowed to deny insurance to individuals because of pre-existing conditions . Children can now remain covered by their parents ' insurance until age 26 . No longer will there be kids fresh out of college starting in entry level positions walking around with no health insurance . The prescription drug cost for Medicare recipients was cut by 50 % . More than 30 million people who did not have access to coverage will now have that access . This legislation is not perfect -- it lacks the public option many had hoped for -- but it is the largest federal reform in a lifetime , a tremendous accomplishment . Then there is the Children 's Health Insurance Re-authorization Act , signed into law by Obama , which provides health care to millions of kids . Let 's talk Obama and education . President Obama signed The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , which invests $ 5 billion in early childhood programs like Head Start . Studies show such programs help kids stay in school longer , earn more money in the long term and have lower involvement in crime . President Obama also expanded Pell Grants , which help low income students pay for college . He has done what no other president had done before by enacting the Student Aid and Financial Responsibility Act , which makes college more affordable while ending federal subsidies to private lenders and replacing them with a Direct Loan program . This is a direct contradiction of West 's claims that the president has "  sold out " to the big banks . The banks lost billions on this act ; in taking them out of the equation , students are no longer held hostage to credit markets . Somehow , these accomplishments , which have a direct impact on the poor are not mentioned in West 's and Smiley 's critique . There 's more . Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , restoring basic protections against pay discrimination Through the HIRE Act , signed in March , 2010 , Obama gave $ 18 billion in tax breaks for small businesses . He signed a bill extending unemployment insurance . To review , then : Putting money into community colleges , job readiness programs , putting actual checks into actual hands -- these things do n't sound like the actions of someone who does n't care about the poor and impoverished . There is a very real crisis in this country . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , about 45 million Americans live in poverty . Unemployment is 9.1 % . Such statistics are , as Rep. Maxine Waters has said , "  unconscionable . " President Obama has been demonstrating that he knows this . So why make someone like him your enemy when you are fighting on the same side ? If West and Smiley would like Obama to do more , that 's valid . If they feel , like Rep. Elijah Cummings , that "  people need to know that the president feels their pain , " that too is understandable . But the facts simply do n't support the accusation that Obama holds a laissez-faire attitude toward economically marginalized Americans . He has faced huge partisan resistance . His campaign adviser , David Axelrod , says Obama will soon announce a jobs plan that is expected to include an extension of payroll tax cuts , new revenue for transportation projects and an extension of emergency unemployment benefits . He notes that there 's nothing in the proposal "  that reasonable people should n't be able to agree on , " yet many Republicans are already preparing to reject whatever the president puts on the table . Are they trying to stymie job creation initiatives , and then blame the president for high unemployment when the election rolls around ? I 'm not saying that President Obama should be exempt from criticism , nor do I believe it is some act of racial treason for a black person to hold our president accountable for his actions . But West and Smiley have a responsibility to present a fair and complete picture , not a skewed version . Could their slanted criticism result in so many of the working poor and impoverished working class becoming so discouraged that they stay home on election day in 2012 ? If they think they have issues with the president not doing enough for the poor now , wait and see what happens if the opposition takes office . Then they would really need a poverty tour . We must not forget the mess that President Obama walked into . Obama said in his victory speech , "  even as we celebrate tonight we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime . ... The road ahead will be long . Our climb will be steep . We may not get there in one year , or even one term . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Etan Thomas .	Cornel West , Tavis Smiley critical of Obama 's first term Etan Thomas rejects view that Obama has failed He says president has directed aid to those in need Thomas : If Obama loses , the poor will get much less help
CNN  -- When President Barack Obama responded to this summer 's torrent of disclosures about the National Security Agency by commissioning a review board , some wondered whether waiting for the committee to report its findings would involve a lot of delay and not much in the way of progress . But Wednesday the panel issued a blockbuster report urging big changes in how the NSA does business . The recommendations are not perfect , but civil libertarians should embrace many of them , and we are glad that on Friday Obama said that they are being seriously considered . There is no question that all of us will be substantially better off if they are followed . Consider what the report has to say about the bulk collection of Americans ' phone records . Even among the troubling programs disclosed this summer , this one stood out because of the sheer number of innocent people whose personal information was swept up and its deliberate targeting of Americans within the United States . Also striking was the government 's failure to offer any credible evidence that it has made us safer -- even if you are willing to trade liberty for security , you should n't be willing to trade it away for nothing . More than that , the call records program squarely raises one of the most fundamental questions about surveillance in the era of big data : Should we "  collect it all " in case some of it is useful later ? The review board comes very close to rejecting this philosophy of surveillance -- closer than it at first appears : "  We recommend that , as a general rule , and without senior policy review , the government should not be permitted to collect and store all mass , undigested , nonpublic personal information about individuals to enable future queries and data-mining for foreign intelligence purposes . Any program involving government collection or storage of such data must be narrowly tailored to serve an important governmental interest . " This is a curious statement . On the one hand , the review board does not recommend a complete ban on government mass surveillance programs . But on the other , it sets such a high bar for them -- collection and storage must be "  narrowly tailored to serve an important governmental interest " -- it is difficult to conceive of a program that would pass muster . How can a program of mass surveillance be narrowly tailored ? Moreover , lawyers will recognize that this language has been borrowed directly from the First Amendment 's "  strict scrutiny " standard , which famed constitutional scholar Gerald Gunther once described as "  strict in theory and fatal in fact . " In other words , while it is theoretically possible to meet this high bar , in practice few laws manage it . On the bulk telephone records program specifically , the panel said : "  We recommend that legislation should be enacted that terminates the storage of bulk telephone meta-data by the government under Section 215 , and transitions as soon as reasonably possible to a system in which such meta-data is held instead either by private providers or by a private third party . " This recommendation does not go far enough , but it is a good start . First , the review board acknowledges the two key civil liberties problems with the bulk collection of telephone records : "  the record of every telephone call an individual makes or receives over the course of several years can reveal an enormous amount about that individual 's private life , " and "  knowing that the government has ready access to one 's phone call records can seriously chill ` associational and expressive freedoms . ' "  The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit arguing the program violates the constitution for these exact reasons . Second , the review board suggests that the government not hold the records , instead favoring a voluntary agreement that carriers will retain the records for some time  a solution the carriers have already opposed  . On the one hand , this is a disappointing half-measure because the privacy and speech intrusions the review board identifies are n't actually eliminated by shifting custody of the records from the government to the carriers . The true solution would be for the carriers to retain records only as long as necessary for billing and network maintenance purposes . On the other hand , at least the panel is saying clearly that current surveillance practices are in need of major , structural changes . If the review board reframes the debate such that government-maintained call records are out of bounds , that is a helpful contribution . Friday , the president 's expressed willingness to consider ending the NSA 's collection of phone records , saying , "  The question we 're going to have to ask is , can we accomplish the same goals that this program is intended to accomplish in ways that give the public more confidence that in fact the NSA is doing what it 's supposed to be doing ? " With this comment and the panel 's report coming on the heels of Monday 's remarkable federal court ruling that the bulk collection of telephone records is likely unconstitutional , this has been the best week in a long time for Americans ' privacy rights . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Catherine Crump .	Catherine Crump : Three major developments this week on the NSA surveillance issue A judge questioned constitutionality of mass surveillance program Report by NSA review panel recommended sweeping changes President signaled willingness to seriously consider the panel 's proposals , Crump says
CNN  -- The man described by counterterrorism officials as al Qaeda 's "  military brain , " Ilyas Kashmiri , was killed in a drone strike Friday night in Pakistan , a spokesman for his group , the jihadist Harakat-ul-Jihad-Islami , said . Pakistani and U.S. officials , however , said they have not confirmed Kashmiri 's death . Kashmiri was killed , along with some aides , in a strike at 11:15 p.m. , spokesman Abu Hanzla Kashar said . "  The oppressor U.S. is our only target and , God willing , we will take revenge on the U.S. soon with full force , " he said . A senior Pakistani military official said that in all , nine were killed by the drone strike . The official reiterated that they had not confirmed Kashmiri 's demise . Kashmiri , who was known to operate in North Waziristan , had moved to South Waziristan and was seen at the site of the attack on Friday , the official said . If confirmed , his death would be the first major kill or capture since Osama Bin Laden , and the highest profile drone target since Beitullah Mehsud in 2009 . It could also be seen as an embarrassment for Pakistanis , who have twice in just over one month , had a major al Qaeda figure killed on their territory without their participation . U.S. drones now operate entirely autonomously in Pakistan , a Pakistani intelligence source has told CNN . Whereas before the United States cooperated with Pakistan and used their intelligence , today , the Americans have an intelligence network that allows them to go after terrorists unilaterally . Kashmiri , a veteran jihadist , is considered one of the most dangerous men in the world by counterterrorism officials on three continents . He was commander of "  Brigade 313 " of Harakat-ul-Jihad-Islami , which has formed a close relationship with al Qaeda . Kashmiri is also said to have ties with David Coleman Headley , the U.S. citizen who confessed to helping scout targets for the Mumbai attack in November 2008 . After his arrest , Headley said he had twice met Kashmiri . During questioning by India 's National Intelligence Agency , which was given access to him in Chicago , Illinois , in June 2010 , Headley said he 'd been taken to Pakistan 's tribal territories to meet Kashmiri early in 2009 . A copy of the interrogation obtained by CNN reveals that Kashmiri sent Headley on another trip to survey targets in India . One place he said he videotaped was a bakery that was later attacked in Pune in February 2010 . Kashmiri in his early years fought the Indians in the disputed territory of Kashmir and the Russians in Afghanistan , where he lost an eye . He famously escaped from an Indian jail and went to fight with a unit of Pakistan 's special forces . Eventually , he fell out with his sponsors in the Pakistani military , and moved his operations to North Waziristan . At one point , he was arrested in connection with an attempt to assassinate Pakistan 's president , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , in 2003 . For reasons unknown , Kashmiri was released a short time later . CNN 's Nasir Habib , Nick Paton Walsh and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : Kashmiri was seen at the location of the strike Pakistan has not confirmed the death of Ilyas Kashmiri Kashmiri 's followers say he was killed in a drone strike in Pakistan He is considered one of the most dangerous men in the world
" ` God is great , ' " the Taliban militants shouted as they roared through the hallways of a school in Peshawar , Pakistan . Then , 14-year-old student Ahmed Faraz recalled , one of them took a harsher tone . " ' A lot of the children are under the benches , ' " a Pakistani Taliban said , according to Ahmed . " ` Kill them . ' " By the time the hours-long siege at Army Public School and Degree College ended early Tuesday evening , at least 145 people -- 132 children , 10 school staff members and three soldiers -- were dead , military spokesman Gen. Asim Bajwa said . More than 100 were injured , many with gunshot wounds , according to Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province Information Minister Mushtaq Ghani . The death toll does not include the terrorists who attacked the school , bursting into an auditorium where a large number of students were taking an exam and gunning down many of them within minutes , Bajwa said . "  They started shooting indiscriminately , " Bajwa said , "  and that 's where maximum damage was caused . " Pakistani Taliban spokesman Mohammed Khurrassani said the militants scaled the school 's walls around 10 a.m.  midnight ET  , intent on killing older students there . The Taliban had "  300 to 400 people ... under their custody " at one point , said Khurrassani , whose group is called Tehreek e Taliban Pakistan , or TTP . But Bajwa said there was no hostage situation , as the attackers ' focus was shooting to kill rather than taking captives . They were eventually met by Pakistani troops who pushed through the complex building by building , room by room . By 4 p.m. , they 'd confined the attackers to four buildings . A few hours later , all the militants -- seven of them , according to Bajwa -- were dead . Pakistani authorities spent Tuesday night inside the school in Peshawar , a city about 120 kilometers  75 miles  from the country 's capital , Islamabad , looking for survivors , victims and improvised explosive devices planted to worsen the carnage . As they searched , they discovered that the school 's principal was among the terrorists ' victims . The attack drew sharp condemnation from top Pakistani officials , who vowed that the country would n't stop its war against the Taliban . "  We are undeterred . ... We will not back off , " Defense Minister Khawaja Asif told CNN . But he said the ambush at the school is another example of how great his nation 's sacrifices have been in fighting that 's raged for more than a decade . "  Even the children are dying on the frontline in the war against terror , " he said . "  The smaller the coffin , the heavier it is to carry . ... It 's a very , very tragic day . " What do the Pakistan Taliban want ? Minister : Most of the dead were 12 to 16 years old On a typical day , the Army Public School and Degree College is home to about 1,100 students and staff , most of them sons and daughters of army personnel from around Peshawar , though others attend as well . Their nightmare began in late morning , when a car exploded behind the school . Pakistani education minister Muhammad Baligh Ur Rehman explained to CNN that the blast was a ruse , meant to divert the attention of the school 's security guards . It worked . Gunmen got over the walls and walked through where students in grades 8 , 9 and 10 have classes and fired randomly , said Dr. Aamir Bilal of Peshawar 's Lady Reading Hospital , citing students . They came in with enough ammunition and other supplies to last for days and were not expecting to come out alive , according to a Pakistani military official . Seventh-grader Mohammad Bilal said he was sitting outside his classroom taking a math test when the gunfire erupted . He fell into bushes before running to the school 's gates to safety . Ahmed , the 14-year-old student , remembered being in the school 's auditorium when four or five people burst in through a back door "  and started rapidly firing . " After getting shot in his left shoulder , the ninth-grader lay under a bench . "  My shoulder was peeking out of the bench , and somebody was following , " Ahmed recalled . "  They went into another room ,  and when  I ran to the exit , I fell . " Bajwa told reporters that Pakistani security forces reached the school 15 minutes after the attack began . They found , he said , "  the children ... drenched in blood , with their bodies on top of each other . " Most of those killed were between the ages of 12 and 16 , said Pervez Khattak , chief minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , of which Peshawar is the capital . But some adults in the school also were targets , like a 28-year-old office assistant who was shot and then burned alive , police official Faisal Shehzad said . Obama : Pakistan attack shows Taliban ` depravity ' Violent past Pakistan has seen plenty of violence , much of it involving militants based in provinces such as South Waziristan , North Waziristan and the Khyber Agency -- all restive regions in northwest Pakistan near Peshawar along its border with Afghanistan . It is the home base of the TTP , an organization that has sought to force its conservative version of Islam in Pakistan . The group has battled Pakistani troops and , on a number of occasions , attacked civilians as well . Peshawar , an ancient city of more than 3 million people tucked right up against the Khyber Pass , has often found itself in the center of it all . Militants repeatedly targeted the city in response to Pakistani military offensives , like a 2009 truck bombing of a popular marketplace frequented by women and children that killed more than 100 people . And the Taliban has n't hesitated to go after schoolchildren . Their most notable target is Malala Yousafzai , who was singled out and shot on October 9 , 2012 as she rode to school in a van with other girls . The teenage girl survived and , last week , became the youngest recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize for her efforts to promote education and girls ' rights in Pakistan and beyond . Yousafzai was "  heartbroken by this  latest  senseless and cold blooded act of terror in Peshawar , " saying Tuesday that "  innocent children in their school have no place in horror such as this . " "  I call upon the international community , leaders in Pakistan , all political parties -- everyone --  to  stand up together and fight against terrorism , " the 16-year-old added in another statement . "  And we should make sure that every child gets a safe and quality education . " Growing up scared in Peshawar Taliban : Revenge for killing of tribesmen Still , even by Pakistan and the Taliban 's gruesome standards , Tuesday 's attack may be the most abominable yet . This is the deadliest incident inside Pakistan since October 2007 , when about 139 Pakistanis died and more than 250 others were wounded in an attack near a procession for exiled former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , according to the University of Maryland 's Global Terrorism Database . Even the Taliban in Afghanistan , with which the TTP is closely affiliated , criticized the "  deliberate killing of innocent people , women and children  as being  against Islamic principles " and expressed condolences to the attack 's victims , according to spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid . It comes after peace talks between the Pakistan Taliban and Pakistan 's government as recently as last spring . The government released 19 Taliban noncombatants in a goodwill gesture , in fact . But talks broke down under a wave of attacks by the Taliban and mounting political pressure to bring the violence under control . Inside militants ' secret tunnels in Pakistan In September 2013 , choir members and children attending Sunday school were among 81 people killed in a suicide bombing at the Protestant All Saints Church of Pakistan . A splinter group of the Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility , blaming the U.S. program of drone strikes in tribal areas of the country . And for the past few months , the Pakistani military has been conducting a ground offensive to clear out militants , spurring violence that 's displaced tens of thousands of people and sparked deadly retaliations . Khurrassani , the Pakistan Taliban spokesman , told CNN that the latest attack was revenge for the killing of hundreds of innocent tribesmen during repeated army operations in provinces including South Waziristan , North Waziristan and the Khyber Agency . The TTP spokesman challenged that ordinary citizens were targeted , saying that five army vehicles are routinely stationed at the school . "  We are facing such heavy nights in routine , " Khurrassani said , rationalizing the siege shortly before it ended . "  Today , you must face the heavy night . "	Children "  are dying on the frontline in the war against terror , " Pakistan 's defense minister says The death toll has climbed to 145 people , included 132 children and the school 's principal Attackers gunned down students taking an exam in an auditorium , military spokesman says Attack was on a school mostly for soldiers ' children ; many of the dead between 12 and 16
CNN  -- Rizana Nafeek was a child herself -- 17 years old , according to her birth certificate -- when a four-month-old baby died in her care in Saudi Arabia . She had migrated from Sri Lanka only weeks earlier to be a domestic worker for a Saudi family . Although Rizana said the baby died in a choking accident , Saudi courts convicted her of murder and sentenced her to death . On Wednesday , the Saudi government carried out the sentence in a gruesome fashion , by beheading Rizana . Read more : Outrage over beheading of Sri Lankan woman by Saudi Arabia Rizana 's case was rife with problems from the beginning . A recruitment agency in Sri Lanka knew she was legally too young to migrate , but she had falsified papers to say she was 23 . After the baby died , Rizana gave a confession that she said was made under duress -- she later retracted it . She had no lawyer to defend her until after she was sentenced to death and no competent interpreter during her trial . Her sentence violated international law , which prohibits the death penalty for crimes committed before age 18 . Rizana 's fate should arouse international outrage . But it should also spotlight the precarious existence of other domestic workers . At least 1.5 million work in Saudi Arabia alone and more than 50 million -- mainly women and girls -- are employed worldwide according to the International Labour Organization  ILO  . Read more : Indonesian maid escapes execution in Saudi Arabia Again according to the ILO , the number of domestic workers worldwide has grown by more than 50 % since the mid-1990s . Many , like Rizana , seek employment in foreign countries where they may be unfamiliar with the language and legal system and have few rights . When Rizana traveled to Saudi Arabia , for example , she may not have known that many Saudi employers confiscate domestic workers ' passports and confine them inside their home , cutting them off from the outside world and sources of help . It is unlikely that anyone ever told her about Saudi Arabia 's flawed criminal justice system or that while many domestic workers find kind employers who treat them well , others are forced to work for months or even years without pay and subjected to physical or sexual abuse . Read more : Saudi woman beheaded for ` witchcraft and sorcery ' Conditions for migrant domestic workers in Saudi Arabia are among some of the worst , but domestic workers in other countries rarely enjoy the same rights as other workers . In a new report this week , the International Labour Organization says that nearly 30 % of the world 's domestic workers are completely excluded from national labor laws . They typically earn only 40 % of the average wage of other workers . Forty-five percent are n't even entitled by law to a weekly day off . Last year , I interviewed young girls in Morocco who worked 12 hours a day , 7 days a week for a fraction of the minimum wage . One girl began working at age 12 and told me : "  I do n't mind working , but to be beaten and not to have enough food , this is the hardest part . " Many governments have finally begun to recognize the risks and exploitation domestic workers face . During 2012 , dozens of countries took action to strengthen protections for domestic workers . Thailand , and Singapore approved measures to give domestic workers a weekly day off , while Venezuela and the Philippines adopted broad laws for domestic workers ensuring a minimum wage , paid holidays , and limits to their working hours . Brazil is amending its constitution to state that domestic workers have all the same rights as other workers . Bahrain codified access to mediation of labor disputes . Read more : Convicted killer beheaded , put on display in Saudi Arabia Perhaps most significantly , eight countries acted in 2012 to ratify -- and therefore be legally bound by -- the Domestic Workers Convention , with more poised to follow suit this year . The convention is a groundbreaking treaty adopted in 2011 to guarantee domestic workers the same protections available to other workers , including weekly days off , effective complaints procedures and protection from violence . The Convention also has specific protections for domestic workers under the age of 18 and provisions for regulating and monitoring recruitment agencies . All governments should ratify the convention . Many reforms are needed to prevent another tragic case like that of Rizana Nafeek . The obvious one is for Saudi Arabia to stop its use of the death penalty and end its outlier status as one of only three countries worldwide to execute people for crimes committed while a child . Labor reforms are also critically important . They may have prevented the recruitment of a 17 year old for migration abroad in the first place . And they can protect millions of other domestic workers who labor with precariously few guarantees for their safety and rights . Read more : Malala , others on front lines in fight for women The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jo Becker .	Saudi authorities beheaded Rizana Nafeek , a Sri Lankan woman She was convicted of killing a baby of the family employing her as a housemaid This was despite Nafeek 's claims that the baby died in a choking accident Becker says her fate "  should spotlight the precarious existence of domestic workers "
Madrid  CNN  -- The judge in charge of the investigation into a horrific train crash in Spain last month has presented preliminary charges against the state-run rail infrastructure company , Adif . Until now , attention has focused on the driver of the train , which derailed near the northwestern city of Santiago de Compostela , killing 79 people and injuring scores more . Read more : Rail chiefs quizzed over safety Francisco Jose Garzon faces 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness and an undetermined number of counts of causing injury by professional recklessness . But preliminary charges have now also been filed by Judge Luis Alaez Legeren against "  the person or persons from ADIF responsible for the traffic safety in the stretch of the rail line between the stations of Ourense and Santiago on July 24 , " according to documents posted on a court website Tuesday . It 's not yet clear who the individuals are . The judge also requested more information on traffic safety and speed limits on that stretch of line from both Adif and state railroad company Renfe , and asked the Transport Ministry for details of any other incidents there . A spokeswoman for Adif declined to comment on the charges Wednesday but told CNN the company would work with authorities as far as possible . Garzon took control of the train at Ourense station , about 35 minutes before the crash occurred , a senior rail official told lawmakers during a rail safety briefing called after the disaster . Lawmakers heard that the route the train was on , from Madrid to Ferrol , includes a mix of conventional and high-speed track , with the latter allowing high-speed trains to travel at over 200 kilometers per hour  124 mph . Two different safety systems are used in Spain : the European Rail Traffic Management System for the high-speed track and another known as ASFA on conventional lines . The train and its engineer were switching between the two kinds of track and operating system in the course of the journey . One such transition occurred shortly before the crash . Court officials have said the train was traveling at 153 kph  95 mph  when it derailed , nearly twice the speed limit on the curve where the accident happened . The driver , Garzon , has been given conditional release while the investigation continues but has surrendered his passport . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro reported from Madrid , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Judge widens charges to individuals at Spain 's state-run rail infrastructure firm , Adif The charges are against those responsible for track safety at the site of the crash Driver Francisco Jose Garzon already faces preliminary charges in the derailment The derailment , near Santiago de Compostela , killed 79 people , injured scores more
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Over four decades in power in Libya , Moammar Gadhafi portrayed himself as a revolutionary battling Western colonialism , the leader of a united Africa and the "  king of kings " of his oil-rich desert nation and beyond . He died a fugitive in his hometown , hunted down Thursday by the forces that toppled his iron-fisted rule two months ago . His death was cheered by throngs of his countrymen in Tripoli , who let loose with celebratory gunfire and the honking of horns at the news . Gadhafi 's death puts an end to the career of the strongman who came to power in a bloodless coup against King Idris in 1969 . The 27-year-old army captain soon adopted the rank of colonel , by which he was known for most of his career . He had a gathering of tribal leaders declare him "  king of kings " of Africa in 2008 , but the title never quite caught on . He cut a flamboyant figure in comic-opera military uniforms or tribal robes that played up his Bedouin roots . He sported trademark sunglasses , surrounded himself with an eye-catching female security detail . On a 2009 visit to Italy , he invited 200 models to his ambassador 's house , paying each $ 75 to listen to lectures on Islam and giving each a copy of the Quran . Saad Djebbar , a former legal adviser to the Libyan government , said Gadhafi 's mercurial public image was a calculated ploy , aimed at appearing foolish or mad . But as the "  Arab Spring " revolts erupted in neighboring Tunisia and Egypt , toppling long-serving authoritarian leaders , Gadhafi "  was completely out of touch of the realities of the new world around him , " Djebbar said . Upon assuming power , he fashioned himself as an Arab nationalist . The United States tried to work with him at first but quickly found out that his brand of nationalism included opposition to the West . By 1972 , he was urging Muslims to fight Western powers . He backed American black militant groups and supplied arms to Palestinian factions battling Israel , as well as to Irish Republican Army fighters battling British rule over Northern Ireland . His "  Green Book , " first published in 1975 , envisioned a radically simple system of "  People 's Conferences " that would replace political structures from tribes to parliaments . But Oliver Miles , a former British ambassador to Libya , said the effect of Gadhafi 's rule was to leave himself as the nation 's sole authority . "  He has destroyed every institution in the country , " Miles told CNN . "  There is no real civil society in Libya . " Gadhafi said he wanted to unite the Arab world , and even proclaimed a merger of Egypt , Libya and Syria in 1972 . That merger plan fell apart , as did a later attempt at a union with Tunisia . Arab leaders largely shunned him , seeing him more as a "  buffoon " and a "  clown " than a potential regional leader , said Dirk J. Vandewalle , a Libya expert at Dartmouth University . That rejection from Arab and African leaders , combined with his growing anti-Western sentiment , left him to turn to terrorism in the 1970s and 1980s , Vandewalle said . In 1986 , Libya was implicated in the fatal bombing at a West Berlin nightclub that left one American service member dead , prompting U.S. President Ronald Reagan to dub the Libyan leader the "  mad dog of the Middle East . " Reagan ordered the United States to bomb Libya and imposed economic sanctions against the North African country . Two years later , Libya was implicated in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 , which killed 270 people when it exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland . Years later , Gadhafi appeared to moderate and seek rapprochement with the West . In 1999 , he turned over suspects in the Lockerbie bombing , and in 2003 the country agreed to eliminate weapons of mass destruction . Those moves paved the way for the lifting of economic sanctions , the restoration of diplomatic relations with Washington in 2006 and Libya 's removal from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism the following year . In the years before the current rebellion started , Gadhafi even hired a public relations firm to burnish his global image as a statesman and a reformer . Starting in 2006 , the leader spent about $ 3 million a year to execute a public relations strategy that included paying think-tank analysts and former government officials to take a free trip to Libya for lectures , discussions and personal meetings with Gadhafi . Then-U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice met with Gadhafi in 2008 and "  thought he was serious " about Libya 's turnabout . "  He said at one point it has taken too long , that the lessons of history had to be learned , " Rice later said . In 2009 , Gadhafi became chairman of the African Union , aiming to turn the now-54-member organization into a group of "  African united states . " He had been working to build his influence in the region for decades , building a gleaming mosque in Niger 's capital , Niamey , in the 1970s and another popular mosque in Bamako , the capital of neighboring Mali . Gadhafi also poured money into Chad and Burkina Faso as well . He addressed the U.N. General Assembly for the first and only time in 2009 . In his 96-minute ramble , he denounced the U.N. Security Council as a "  terror council , " suggested the H1N1 swine-flu virus was a military tool and called for renewed investigations into the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . But critics called his plans for a united Africa impractical , and he lost his bid for a second term as AU chairman in 2010 . The bell began to toll for Gadhafi in February after people around the Middle East and North Africa started challenging their leaders in the so-called Arab Spring movement . Gadhafi found himself a target following the ouster of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , whom the Libyan leader had supported , as anti-government demonstrations began . The eastern city of Benghazi fell to rebel forces swiftly as Gadhafi blamed outsiders and "  armed gangs " for the violence . He told his people the United States was giving young Libyans "  hallucination pills " to fuel the revolt . He vowed never to leave Libya and to "  die as a martyr at the end . " But his reputation and his fate were largely sealed by his crackdown on protesters and attacks against rebels and civilians alike . The rebels were soon backed by NATO airstrikes , launched in March under a Security Council resolution authorizing the use of force to protect civilians from reprisals . Over the summer , revolutionary fighters edged closer to Tripoli , cutting off key supply routes for Gadhafi 's remaining forces . By August 21 , they had broken through into the capital ; two days later , they ransacked Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound . Members of his family , including his wife and three grown children , soon decamped to Algeria . The "  king of kings " remained behind , broadcasting occasional defiant messages by radio and television to his shrinking band of followers . "  All along , he was telling them that he is in a safe place and that he is going to bring them back to power , " former aide Abubaker Saad told CNN . "  For the past few months , that 's basically the message that he was sending . But , of course , in reality , he was hiding and running for his life . " CNN 's Mike Pearson , Faith Karimi , Matt Smith , Greg Botelho and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Gadhafi "  destroyed every institution in the country , " a former British envoy says NEW : The Libyan strongman was "  completely out of touch " when the Arab Spring erupted , an ex-adviser says NEW : He spent his final days "  hiding and running for his life , " a former aide tells CNN The self-styled revolutionary sought rapprochement with the West before his people turned on him
CLARENCE CENTER , New York  CNN  -- Recovering all the bodies from Thursday 's deadly passenger plane crash may take four days as investigators work through freezing temperatures and piles of wreckage , a federal transportation official said Saturday . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . "  The medical examiner believes that three to four days are going to be required to recover the victims of this crash , and they 're in the process of doing that , " Steve Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board said . "  They 've already pulled some of the folks out of there , but they 've got a long way to go . " All 49 passengers aboard Continental Connection Flight 3407 died when the 74-seat Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 turboprop crashed into a home in Clarence Center , New York , on Thursday night . A 61-year-old man in the house died also , but his wife and daughter survived . Fifteen bodies have been recovered , and efforts to identify the victims and conduct autopsies are under way , Erie County Health Commission Anthony Billittier said Saturday evening . A federal disaster mortuary team was called to assist local forensic officials . Despite reports from local authorities who said the plane hurtled toward the house from a sharp nosedive , Chealander said the current orientation of the plane indicates that it fell flat on its belly . The Continental flight from Newark , New Jersey , operated by Colgan Air , crashed about 10:17 p.m. Thursday northeast of Buffalo Niagara International Airport . Follow the plane 's path " Chealander said the recovery effort and the investigation have been hampered by freezing temperatures as authorities try to sift through the wreckage of the flight and the home it struck . Some parts of the plane have fallen as deep as the basement , he said . "  Keep in mind , there 's an airplane that fell on top of a house , " he told reporters . "  The house and the airplane are together . " Authorities said it would probably take weeks to identify remains of the victims , with DNA testing required in many cases because of the intensity of the crash and subsequent fire . A 2-square-mile area around the crash site , about 6 miles from the Buffalo airport where the plane was headed , remained sealed off Saturday as investigators sought to determine the cause of the crash . But the extent of the restricted area belied the concentrated force of the impact into the one house . Watch what investigators are saying " Karen Wielinski was watching television inside the house when she heard a plane making an unusually loud noise . "  I thought to myself , ` If that 's a plane , it 's going to hit something , ' " she told Buffalo radio station WBEN . "  And next thing I knew , the ceiling was on me , " she said . Wielinski and her daughter Jill , 22 , were in the front of the home , and they escaped the house with minor injuries . Wielinski 's husband , Doug , who was in the dining room , was killed . On Friday , federal investigators released information from the plane 's cockpit voice and flight data recorders , indicating that icing may have been a major factor in the crash . The plane 's pilot and co-pilot discussed "  significant ice buildup " on the plane 's windshield and wings as it descended toward the Buffalo airport . The plane underwent "  severe " pitching and rolling motions after the landing gear was lowered and wing flaps were set for the approach , Chealander said . There was a mix of sleet and snow in the area , but other planes landed safely at the airport about the time the flight went down . Chealander said the flight crew reported that visibility was about 3 miles and there was snow and mist as they descended . The voice and data recorders indicated that the plane 's internal de-icing was on during the landing approach , he said . "  A significant ice buildup is an aerodynamic impediment , " he added . Find out why " Keith Burtis was driving about a mile from the crash site when he heard the impact . "  It was a high-pitched sound , " Burtis said . "  It felt like a mini-earthquake . " A ball of fire filled the night sky as the jet fuel erupted , Burtis said , and he saw a steady stream of fire trucks rush past as smoke billowed . At least nine volunteer fire departments responded . Watch iReporters ' close-up accounts " Among the passengers killed was Beverly Eckert , widow of a September 11 attack victim . Also aboard was Alison Des Forges , senior Africa adviser for Human Rights Watch , one of her colleagues said . Des Forges spent four years in Rwanda documenting the 1994 genocide and had testified about the atrocity and the situation in central Africa to Congress and the United Nations , according to the organization . Read more about the victims Also on the flight was Susan Wehle , a cantor at Temple Beth Am in Williamsville , outside Buffalo , a synagogue official said . Colgan Air identified the crew as Capt. Marvin Renslow , the pilot ; First Officer Rebecca Shaw , who was co-pilot ; and flight attendants Matilda Quintero and Donna Prisco . In addition , an off-duty crew member , Capt. Joseph Zuffoletto , was onboard . "  This is easily the saddest day in the history of our airline , " said Philip Trenary , the company 's CEO .	NEW : 15 bodies recovered ; identification could take weeks NEW : Cold weather , extent of wreckage could prolong recovery as much as four days NEW : Orientation of plane indicates that it fell flat on its belly , NTSB says De-icing equipment was turned on at time of crash , investigator says
CNN  -- Do n't simply saunter up to the boarding gate at a Spirit Airlines flight and think you can carry on your luggage for free . That 'll cost you $ 100 starting Tuesday . While discount carrier Spirit Airlines makes customers pay for most carry-on and checked luggage , its customers could pay up to $ 100 to bring their bags if they forget to pay in advance The airline has raised other fees as well . Carry-on baggage is now $ 35 if purchased during online booking  $ 25 for members of the airline 's fare club  and $ 50 if purchased at the airport kiosk . Your first checked bag now costs $ 30 if paid during online booking  $ 20 for fare club member  , increases to $ 45 if purchased at the airport kiosk and increases to $ 100 if you check it at the gate . You can still carry a purse , briefcase or other small personal item for free . "  Our goal is for no customer ever to pay the $ 100 fee , " said Spirit Chief Operating Officer Tony Lefebvre in a statement . "  By planning ahead and paying for bags before getting to the boarding gate , our customers are saving time at the airport and speeding up the boarding process . When our customers choose these time-saving , self-service options , our costs go down , and we can pass those savings along to our customers . " Airlines making billions from fees Spirit 's fees may seem extreme to some passengers , but most airlines seem to be making money from charging for services beyond the basic ride they provide . Additional revenue is generated by "  a la carte " services such as snacks , preferred seating , luggage fees , commissions for hotel bookings and frequent flier mile sales to partners . Airline ancillary revenue is projected to reach $ 36.1 billion worldwide this year , according to the Amadeus Worldwide Estimate of Ancillary Revenue , an increase of 11.3 % over last year . That $ 36.1 billion is 5.4 % of global airline revenues of $ 667 billion . "  As far as fees are concerned , airlines ' attitude is , ` the more , the merrier , ' " said Douglas Quinby , PhoCusWright 's senior director of research . "  Travelers who do n't have enough mileage status to enjoy any exemptions should plan for some extra spending when planning their travel , especially if they are traveling during peak times around Thanksgiving and Christmas , when overhead bin space will be hard to come by . " Websites such as Kayak , Airfarewatchdog and FareCompare have convenient tables so travelers can plan in advance to some extent , Quinby added . Fees for ` extras ' likely to continue Will passengers see more fees in 2013 ? There 's no end to the creativity of airlines to charge separate fees for things that used to be included in the price of a ticket , according to George Hobica , founder of Airfarewatchdog.com . Allegiant now gives a discount for paying with a debit card versus a credit card , and Virgin America has charged an extra $ 20 on some flights for seats closer to the front of the plane with early boarding , wrote Hobica in an e-mail . "  We might even see fees scaled by distance flown . If these fees are really about fuel consumption , why should a checked bag flown 300 miles cost the same as one flown 2,500 miles ? "  We may also see penalties -- er , fees -- for passengers who do n't print their boarding passes , pay baggage fees and check in online before arriving at the airport , " Hobica wrote . "  Want to deal with a human at the airport ? You 'll pay for that . There 's no end to the imagination when it comes to new and ` improved ' fee structures . "	Travelers can avoid Spirit Airlines $ 100 fee by paying for bags when booking flight online Airlines will make estimated $ 36 billion this year through ancillary fees for bags , other services Fees for credit card usage , extra leg room and window or aisle seats are likely to continue
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen 's embattled president was on his way to the United States for medical treatment Monday , officials said . President Ali Abdullah Saleh left Yemen on Sunday and stopped in Oman before continuing Monday on a trip to the United States , Yemeni government sources said . The purpose of Saleh 's U.S. trip is a "  private medical visit , " the Yemeni Embassy in Washington said in a statement Sunday . "  The president will travel back to Yemen in February to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the newly elected president , " the statement said . At least six family members were with Saleh , two senior Yemeni government officials said . Saleh was wounded in a June bomb attack on his presidential palace . His request to travel to the United States has been approved , the U.S. State Department said Sunday . "  As we have indicated , the sole purpose of this travel is for medical treatment and we expect that he will stay for a limited time that corresponds to the duration of this treatment , " the department said in a statement . Saleh became the fourth Arab leader forced from power last year when he signed a Gulf Cooperation Council power transfer deal aimed at ending his country 's months-long political crisis . On Saturday , lawmakers in Yemen approved a controversial law giving Saleh immunity from prosecution -- a key element of the November deal . In return , Saleh will step down from power in Yemen next month after ruling the country for more than 33 years . Although the deal was hailed by opposition parties in Yemen , youth protesters and international rights groups called the immunity a violation of international law . Protesters have demonstrated for months in Yemen , calling for Saleh to step down . Saleh apologized to his people and called for protesters to stop demonstrations in a speech broadcast on Yemeni state television before his departure Sunday . "  Young men , go back to your homes , go to your families . I feel sorry for you , I call on you to go back to your homes and start a new page with the new leadership , " he said . But word that Saleh had left the country did not quell protesters ' criticisms there . Protesters set up tents in Sanaa Monday , repeating anti-Saleh chants for hours . Organizers said protests against Saleh and his ruling family would continue for months -- just as they did when the president was in Saudi Arabia for treatment after the June attack . "  Saleh left  for  Saudi months ago , but came back . It 's not over for Saleh , " said Hussein Mansoor , a protester in Sanaa . "  We want him to come back to Yemen so that he is tried for his crimes . " Mansoor said that Saleh does not deserve immunity and must be held accountable . "  Saleh will end up like  former Tunisian President Zine el Abidine  Ben Ali ,  former Egyptian President Hosni  Mubarak , or  former Libyan leader Moammar  Ghadafi . There is no fourth option , " he said . Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Abu Dhabi .	NEW : Protesters continue demonstrations in Yemen 's capital Yemeni government sources say President Ali Abdullah Saleh left Oman Monday He is scheduled to return to Yemen in February , the embassy says The State Department says Saleh can come to the U.S. for medical treatment
CNN  -- Shrimp : It 's not just for surf-and-turf anymore . In fact , thanks to research at Harvard University , the little crustaceans may be the next thing in plastic . In experiments with the material in shrimp shells , called chitosan , and material from silk , known as fibroin , researchers at Harvard 's Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering put the two together at a nano level . The result was a material they call "  shrilk " -- a substance that 's both remarkably malleable and incredibly sturdy . "  It actually feels like a huge beetle shell , or cuticle , " says Don Ingber , the director of the Wyss Institute . "  It  can be very strong in terms of tensile strength . If you wet them they can actually get more flexible , " he adds . "  We can get the range of different properties of plastics by changing how we fabricate these . " Though the word "  plastic " applies to any moldable solid , it 's come to be associated with materials made out of petrochemicals . That 's both a blessing and a curse . Plastics are made in such quantity that they 're both inexpensive and versatile , yet most are n't biodegradable . Indeed , the infamous Pacific trash vortex -- the large area of garbage suspended in the Pacific Ocean -- is primarily made up of plastic debris , which has killed fish and wildlife and wreaked havoc on local ecosystems . Shrilk , on the other hand , is fully biodegradable , says Ingber -- a necessity if the product is to succeed . "  In the middle of the Atlantic and Pacific there 's continents of plastic floating that fish are getting entangled in and dying . We ca n't keep going on like this , " he says . "  I think many people are searching for replacements for plastics that would have the properties of plastic but be fully biodegradable . This may not solve all the problems but we feel like it 's a first step . " The current challenge for shrilk is to make it cost-effective . There 's plenty of raw material , says Ingber -- the seafood industry has so much shrimp shell discard "  that they have to pay to get it cleared away sometimes " -- but there 's still a ways to go . "  We need to work with real manufacturers who know what the design challenges are and the durability and the cost , " says Ingber . "  The materials exist , the manufacturing processes exist , it really just requires it to be integrated into the pipeline . " The researchers say there is plenty of room for growth . Literally , in fact : the material in shrilk makes excellent fertilizer . "  They are so rich in nutrients that you could put seeds in them , just in the broken down material , and a plant will grow , " says Ingber . Perhaps , a new part of the plastics industry will as well .	Harvard researchers have developed plastic made of shrimp shells , silk So-called "  shrilk " can be hard or flexible Substance is also biodegradable
Havana , Cuba  CNN  So what has U.S. State Department subcontractor Alan Gross been up to since he was released from a Cuban prison exactly three months ago ? It turns out a lot more than most of the rest of us . Gross , 65 , has started to make up for the five years he spent imprisoned in Cuba by traveling abroad , attending the State of the Union address as a guest of the Obamas and last week meeting Pope Francis at the Vatican to personally thank him for his role in helping to win Gross ' freedom . After five years of being disconnected from the outside world , Gross now frequently posts on social media , writing of family reunions , eating the foods he longed for in prison and the reminders he experiences of his time in Cuba . "  I ca n't get away from Cuba , " Gross wrote after hearing a Cuban song playing in an airport on his travels . While visiting Israel , he posted a photo of Cohiba cigars advertised for sale in a Tel Aviv tobacco shop . In 2009 , Gross was arrested by Cuban state security agents and eventually sentenced to 15 years in prison for importing banned communications equipment to the island . Gross said he was merely helping the island 's small Jewish community get online , but Cuban officials accused of him being part of a U.S. government plot to destabilize the island 's single-party Communist government . Cuba has highly restricted Internet access , and most people are not able to access the Web in their homes or on their phones . On December 17 , 2014 , Gross was freed , along with three Cuban intelligence agents and a Cuban man convicted of spying for the United States . It was part of a deal between the Cuban and U.S. governments to reestablish diplomatic relations after five decades of Cold War animosity . Gross , his wife , Judy , his attorney and three U.S. congressmen flew from Havana to his home state of Maryland aboard a U.S. military jet , one of the smaller versions of Air Force One used to transport President Barack Obama . The image of Gross celebrating his freedom aboard the flight home with CNN reporting the news of his release on a TV screen in the background became the picture he would use on his @AlanPGross Twitter page . The night of his release , he enjoyed a meal of spicy Thai food with family and friends , a far cry from the bland rations he was forced to eat in prison . In January , Gross changed the status of his Facebook page to read that he had left his job as "  hostage " at the Carlos Finlay military hospital where had been held in Havana . Later , he shared pictures of a visit to the dentist 's office to replace the teeth that he lost while he was held in Cuba . With his dental concerns met , he moved on to food . Gross also recounted savoring long-denied bowls of chili and bagels loaded with lox and cream cheese . Many of the posts are the daily jottings of a man returning to his life after an extended absence : Gross renewing an expired driver 's license or visiting a Starbucks for the first time in five years . But in other posts , he writes about taking in a sunset on the beach in Israel , seeing the snow fall in Washington and believing citizens in every country should have unimpeded access to the Internet . A spokeswoman for Gross turned down a CNN request for an interview with him but confirmed that the social media accounts are his . Rep. Chris Van Hollen , the Democrat representing the Maryland district Gross hails from , called it "  incredibly moving " that a man who spent five years in a Cuban prison has since sat next to first lady Michelle Obama and met the pope . More than that , he 's come to signify the changing dynamics between officials in Washington and Havana . "  Alan did not ask for this special role in history , " Van Hollen said , "  but he 's become a catalyst for this new chapter in American and Cuban relations . " The photos that Gross posted online show a smiling man , slowly putting back on some of the 100 pounds he lost in prison , no longer the gaunt-faced , hollow-eyed prisoner who had gone on hunger strikes to protest his conditions while he was held in Cuba . "  The distance we 've come since December 17th 2014 has been a rewarding journey , " Gross wrote in a Facebook post Saturday . "  For which we 're grateful . "	Rep. Van Hollen : Alan Gross became "  a catalyst " for next chapter in U.S.-Cuba relations Gross has been a guest of the Obamas , got to meet Pope Francis since release from Cuba He 's also been to the dentist , watched a D.C. snowfall and indulged in some good food
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea fired several short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan on Saturday , an act that the U.S. watched closely and South Korea called provocative . N. Korean army soldiers , back , look at a S. Korean soldier , center , in the demilitarized zone in June . Pyongyang fired seven short-range missiles in less than seven hours , South Korea 's Foreign Ministry said . The missiles were apparently Scud-type , estimated to have a range of about 500 kilometers  310 miles  , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . South Korean intelligence estimates that North Korea has about 700 such missiles in its arsenal . Pyongyang test-fired four such missiles off the east coast Thursday , Yonhap reported . South Korea called the launches a provocative act , according to a government statement . North Korea had issued a warning to mariners to avoid an area in the Sea of Japan at certain times between June 24 and July 9 because of a "  military firing exercise , " according to a U.S. military communication about the warning provided to CNN . The recent firings come amid heightened tensions on the Korean peninsula . North Korea conducted a nuclear test in May , fired test rockets and threatened U.S. and South Korean ships near its territorial waters . Watch S. Korea confirm firing of missiles " The first two missiles were fired about 8 a.m. and 8:30 a.m. , Yonhap reported . Another missile was launched about 10:45 a.m. , the agency reported . A fourth one came some time after that . The U.S. Navy and other U.S. officials said they are ready to track any missiles . "  The United States is aware of possible missile launches by North Korea . We are closely monitoring North Korea 's activities and intentions , " a U.S. official said . "  This type of North Korea behavior is not helpful . What North Korea needs to do is fulfill its international obligations and commitments . " Earlier this week analyst Daniel Pinkston said the reported test might be training for a future test but it could also just be a routine military exercise . "  It is worrisome to some degree , but it is different from a ballistic missile launch , " said Pinkston , of the International Crisis Group in Seoul , South Korea . "  It 's part of military training , but there seem to be no movements of troops or anything that would suggest preparations for military operations . "  So yes , people are watching it , the military is watching it here , but I do n't think it 's related to any plans or operations to attack anyone . " CNN 's Sohn Jie-Ah in Seoul , Korea , and Charley Keyes in Washington , D.C. , contributed to this report	North Korea fires Scud-type missiles that can reach 400 to 500 km South Korea has called the launches "  a provocative act " U.S. diplomat : "  This type of North Korea behavior is not helpful " Pyongyang test-fired four such missiles off the east coast Thursday
CNN  -- The New Hampshire primary will tell us a good deal more than the Iowa caucuses did about where the Republican candidates stand and how they might do in the general election against President Barack Obama . While the unpredictable nature of the Iowa caucuses offered Rick Santorum an opportunity to shine , Tuesday 's vote will tell us where the party is really headed , in what has been a Wild West of a presidential selection process , one with more ups and downs than the Colorado Rockies . The New Hampshire primary , established in 1916 , has a long and treasured history in American politics . It has often been the site where new voices have been able to upset the status quo and take on establishment figures . In 1952 , the military hero Dwight Eisenhower successfully challenged "  Mr. Republican " Robert Taft , the senator from Ohio , who was thought to be one of the strongest figures in the party . That same year , Tennessee Sen. Estes Kefauver shook up the Democratic Party by winning a stunning victory against President Harry Truman , fueling his decision not to run for re-election . In 1968 , Minnesota Sen. Eugene McCarthy 's strong second-place showing similarly upset President Lyndon Johnson , forcing him to think twice about how strong his support was within the Democratic Party . The results , Sen. Ted Kennedy recalled , demonstrated that "  overnight , Johnson had become beatable . " A few weeks later Johnson told the nation that he would not run for re-election . In 1976 , the little-known Jimmy Carter built on his surprise victory in the Iowa caucuses by winning in New Hampshire and cementing his status as a front-runner . Republican Patrick Buchanan revealed the soft support among conservatives in 1992 for President George H.W. Bush , whom Buchanan derided as "  King George , " when he did better than expected against the president  though Bush won  . To be sure , the outcome of the primary is not always a measure of who will win the party 's nomination . There is a substantial list of New Hampshire losers -- including Barack Obama in 2008 , George W. Bush in 2000 , Bill Clinton in 1992 , and Walter Mondale in 1984 -- who went on to receive party nominations . Most important , New Hampshire is a state where independents matter very much and turn out in large numbers . The primary allows unaffiliated voters to participate , thus boosting the number of participants from the middle of the political spectrum . With the base of each party relatively deflated about the choices in 2012  liberal Democrats are disappointed in Obama 's record , while conservatives are not overly enthused about any of the front-runners  , the 2012 election will likely come down to the person who can capture the center . With Obama 's approval ratings at a low ebb , Republicans have a major opportunity if they can win the hearts and minds of independents and centrist Democrats . One of Mitt Romney 's biggest selling points is that he offers the GOP the only candidate who can run as a moderate who is not beholden to the party 's base . During one of the weekend debates he brushed back talk about making contraception illegal and tried to focus on his economic policy rather than social and cultural issues . He left the others to fight it out as to who was a "  big-government conservative " and who was not . In New Hampshire , Romney will have the first chance to show that his appeal to centrists is a strength . Republicans in New Hampshire tend to fit the profile of the kind of conservative candidate who will have the greatest national appeal . While Republican party activists are often attracted to the candidate who can speak the language of the religious right , the Republican with the best chance of taking Obama in this election will be the fiscal conservative who pushes for lowering the deficit , lowering spending , and containing taxes , while avoiding the cultural issues that turn off moderates . In 2008 , according to ABC News , only 23 % of the New Hampshire electorate said they were evangelicals , compared with 58 % in Iowa this year . Finally , New Hampshire looks more like a national election than does Iowa . While Americans like to think our political process works by retail politics , with candidates shaking hands and enjoying a meal at the local diner , the reality is that elections are won or lost on major media -- television , radio and the Internet . The candidate who has the best ability to mount a national campaign is the person who can master the media , handling reporters and the 24-hour news cycle , and can amass the kind of money that is needed to buy TV ads In New Hampshire . It is simply not possible to win the state only by shaking hands . A candidate has to be able to do well on the screen . This is a year when New Hampshire 's verdict will be key in evaluating the Republican field . The test is not completely fair in that Romney comes from this region and even has a home in this state . That said , being local is not a guarantee of victory . While a close victory in Iowa was certainly something that Romney can live with , he needs to have a very strong showing in New Hampshire to demonstrate that he is as electable a candidate as he has promised to be . He has to answer the kind of challenge posed in Sunday 's debate , when Newt Gingrich said Romney would "  have a very hard time getting elected " in a race against Obama . At the same time , this is a major opportunity for Romney 's opponents  especially Jon Huntsman  to show that they fit the bill as well , and that the prospect of Romney winning the nomination is not inevitable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Iowa gave Santorum prominence but N.H. vote is likely to be more revealing He says the primary will test whether Romney is strong with centrist voters The primary has been a place to challenge establishment figures , Zelizer says Zelizer : Unlike Iowa , New Hampshire is n't decided by retail politics
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration released two documents on Friday describing the scope of National Security Agency data collection programs , a bid to quiet criticism they violate privacy rights . An NSA memorandum describes the beginnings of the agency 's collection of so-called telephone metadata of nearly every American under a provision of the Patriot Act , and the agency 's monitoring of foreign Internet traffic . The agency says in the memo that its systems monitor 1.6 % of the world 's Internet traffic , and its analysts review .00004 % of global traffic . Published accounts drawn from leaked documents provided by admitted NSA leaker Edward Snowden have portrayed a much broader eavesdropping system under section 702 of the Patriot Act . Another document from the Justice Department describes the legal basis for collecting the telephone metadata , such as the numbers dialed , the length and time of the calls . The government says the NSA phone data collection operated under court supervision , and that the database is only accessed for specific searches in counterterrorism investigations . The document also explains why government lawyers say the program carried out under section 215 of the Patriot Act respects constitutional First and Fourth Amendment freedoms , which protect free speech rights and prohibit the government from unreasonable search and seizure . The release of the documents came as President Barack Obama held a news conference where he addressed the Snowden leaks , and promised greater transparency about the government 's surveillance programs . See NSA document  PDF He defended the NSA programs which he said have been incorrectly portrayed as an invasion of privacy and said they were key to protecting national security . Still , the president promised to consider changes to help reassure the public that the Patriot Act was n't leading to abuses . The NSA memo describes how the agency was monitoring conversations between one of the hijackers that carried out the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks and people in an al Qaeda safe house in Yemen . The agency says it did n't have the ability to find out that the hijacker was already in the United States living in San Diego , and therefore could n't tell the FBI . According to the memo , the data collection programs were begun to address those shortcomings . The NSA memo also for the first time explains some of the confusion over various agency codenames for its collection programs . According to the NSA , the agency uses different code names for data collected from each communications company . "  Some that have been revealed in the press recently include FAIRVIEW , BLARNEY , OAKSTAR , and LITHIUM . While some have tried to characterize the involvement of such providers as separate programs , that is not accurate , " the memo says . The Justice white paper released Friday argues that "  The vast majority of the telephony metadata is never seen by any person because it is not responsive to the limited queries that are authorized . But the information that is generated in response to these limited queries could be especially significant in helping the government identify and disrupt terrorist plots . " The document also says that the phone data does n't "  involve tracking locations from which telephone calls are made . " The government 's three branches , including the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and Congress , help oversee the programs , the Justice memo argues . Critics have argued that the data collection violates privacy rights , and that the government should require warrants to collect such information . The Supreme Court last year restricted the government 's use of GPS trackers on cars of suspects under investigation , making it necessary to seek warrants . The Justice Department says the phone metadata is different and that "  Supreme Court precedent makes clear that participants in telephone calls lack a reasonable expectation of privacy for purposes of the Fourth Amendment in the telephone numbers used to make and receive their calls . " In any case , the Justice memo says "  any arguable privacy intrusion arising from the collection of telephony metadata would be outweighed by the public interest in identifying suspected terrorist operatives and thwarting terrorist plots . " The Justice memo also argues that the government 's rules "  expressly prohibits the collection of records for an investigation that is being conducted solely on the basis of protected First Amendment activity , if the investigation is of a U.S. person . "	Two documents describe scope of NSA data collection programs Their release is part of pledge by Obama adminstration to be transparent Critics have argued that the data collection violates privacy rights
CNN  -- Folks are really mad at Marissa Mayer . The Yahoo CEO has revoked the company 's long-time work-from-home policy , a ban that will take effect beginning in June . When I asked how my tech-industry-heavy social network felt about the policy reversal , the responses from both men and women were overwhelmingly negative . One man said the decision felt arbitrary and like a throwback to less-connected days before real-time video hangouts and collaborative docs . "  Short-sighted and against the tide of where things are heading , " he observed . "  Going backwards " and "  epic fail , " wrote others . Google Mayer 's name and you will find that the media and blogosphere are equally riled up . The move , some say , is particularly disappointing coming from a new mother , who presumably should know better about the difficult position that many parents are in . Opinion : Allow Yahoo workers to work at home And who are we kidding ? By "  parents " we mean mostly moms , because whether we have solid childcare , family support or neither , many of us are performing real-life acrobatics worthy of Cirque du Soleil . Yahoo 's new policy pushes my buttons , as well . Had it not been for workplace flexibility and the ability to work from home , I -- and scores of my friends and colleagues -- probably would not be in the game at this point . I telecommuted long before I had children , back in the days when almost no one I knew worked from home . The joke then was that when I showed up at the office , it was because I was getting lonely and wanted to hang out . Having kids completely flipped the script , and telecommuting suddenly went from luxury to necessity . My husband continued working full-time , and I started juggling . You wo n't ever truly understand the meaning of "  hustle " until you 've tried to do anything while taking care of children at the same time . CEO right : Yahoo workers must show up But here 's the thing : Being stuck between the rock of workplace imperatives and the hard place of home mandates is not new to any of us working mothers , and we all know that the trade-offs you have to make in that position are almost never easy or simple . The difference is that Mayer 's experience is far more public and high-stakes , and half the world is second-guessing her . Mayer is running a public company , with more than 11,000 employees . Is it possible that as Yahoo 's chief , she is privy to a fact or two that you and I might not know and understand about the larger predicament Yahoo finds itself in ? Absolutely . Mayer did not take over a healthy company and disrupt an effective culture that has been working well . Yahoo is in trouble and has been for a long time .  Full disclosure : I very briefly wrote a column for Yahoo last year . And as much as we all swear up and down that we are happier and more productive working from home , this is not necessarily  and objectively  so . Tech execs question Yahoo 's work-from-the-office edict Last summer while on assignment at the Aspen Ideas Festival , I interviewed Ben Waber , an MIT research scientist and CEO of Sociometric Solutions . Waber and his colleagues at MIT and Harvard have been engaged in a process called "  reality mining " -- analyzing the constant trail of data that we leave behind about ourselves via e-mail , instant messaging patterns , phone logs and meeting information -- to come up with insights about work productivity and satisfaction . He helps companies translate these insights into concrete ways to enhance people 's experience at work , as well as to increase productivity . Testing those insights across dozens of companies in different industries , Waber has found that face-to-face communication , friendships and social interaction at work make people more productive and happier . "  Obviously there 's a big difference between working from home every day of the year and telecommuting occasionally , " Waber told me yesterday . "  There are pros and cons to both arguments , but when you look at the data alone , there is compelling evidence that individuals coming in to work physically at Yahoo may benefit the company . " As he writes in his forthcoming book , "  People Analytics , " "  A large , robust body of research indicates that companies need to figure out some way to get employees together face to face , because remote work tools just are n't cutting it . ... When making the decision to work from home , employees must weigh personal needs against the negative impact it will have on their colleagues and on them as an individual . " "  It 's easy for us to armchair quarterback , " observes Leisa McNeese , "  but Marissa Mayer is in it , and at this point I 'm assuming she 's making the best decisions with the information she has . " The mother of two young children , McNeese is the former co-president and current emeritus board member of the Parents ' Club of Palo Alto and Menlo Park , a nonprofit to which many Silicon Valley parents belong . Like me , McNeese would have been completely out of the paid workforce without the ability to work from home when her children were born . For almost a decade now , she has worked as a consultant , as well as for a nonprofit tech startup that was completely virtual . Yahoo work-from-home policy riles workers everywhere McNeese is willing to give Mayer the benefit of doubt for now , but she observes that "  like most things , workplace flexibility is not something that is an either/or issue . " McNeese believes that while Yahoo 's strategy may make sense in the short-term as a reboot or in a crisis situation , it is unlikely to be sustainable in the long run . Given the culture of Silicon Valley , where so many highly successful companies offer a good amount of flexibility when it comes to working from home , an employer that sets rigid and immutable standards on this issue risks shutting out a large segment of potential talent and making itself undesirable to others . What about the charge that the impact of Mayer 's decision is sure to be felt disproportionately by the working mothers at Yahoo ? Should n't Mayer "  get it " because she is a new mom ? "  That 's essentialist nonsense in my feminist book , " McNeese says . "  We all experience motherhood and fatherhood in different ways . If we would n't be asking this same question about a male CEO who just had a baby , then I 'm just not interested in going there with a female one . " As much as Mayer 's decision strikes a nerve for working moms , some of us are feeling a troubling sense of d  j vu about the damned if she does , damned if she does n't scenario she finds herself in . And at least for now , we are willing to reserve judgment . How do you feel about Yahoo 's new telecommuting policy ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Parents are especially miffed at Yahoo 's new anti-telecommuting policy Critics accuse the CEO of being shortsighted and not empathetic to fellow parents Amanda Enayati says CEO Marissa Mayer 's first mandate is to increase productivity Mayer 's motherhood should n't trump her goal to turn around Yahoo , says another mother
CNN  -- An American Airlines executive 's threats to discipline pilots over delays and file legal action against its pilots union may poison already heated contract negotiations , a union spokesman said Thursday . Earlier this week , American 's management contacted the union to ask for talks on a new labor deal , according to the Allied Pilots Association . Then , on Wednesday , executive Denise Lynn wrote a letter to union leaders voicing concern about what she called "  mounting evidence that certain pilots are engaging in an unlawful , concerted effort to damage the company . " She cited a number of issues that caused delays , including "  unnecessary checks , increased and late-filed maintenance write-ups and "  slow taxiing . " "  I ask that you communicate immediately and unambiguously with your members that such work actions are unlawful and that any individuals engaging in such activities will be subject to both company and  union  discipline , " Lynn wrote . If the union "  fails to comply with  its  legal duty " to discipline those responsible , she added , "  we will have no choice but to seek appropriate injunctive relief . " Thomas Hoban , a spokesman for the Allied Pilots Association , referred to the letter on Thursday . "  This kind of threat is not conducive to good-faith bargaining and will only further serve to enrage an already frustrated and angry pilot group , " Hoban said . AMR , American 's holding company , filed for bankruptcy in November . It has said the new working conditions imposed on the pilots , including greater use of flights by other airlines and more hours worked by the pilots , are necessary to be competitive with rival airlines such as Delta Air Lines , United Continental and US Airways , which have been through bankruptcy themselves in the past decade . The airline is also proposing to freeze or terminate the pilots ' pension plan and has stopped making contributions to that pension fund . Earlier this month , American won bankruptcy court approval to throw out the pilots ' labor agreement and impose new working conditions on its 8,000 active pilots . Pilots have already overwhelmingly rejected a tentative agreement that was more beneficial to its members than the rules imposed by the airline . Since September 16 , the airline has struggled . More than half its flights have been delayed , and more than 600 flights , or about 3 % of its total schedule , have been canceled , according to flight tracking service FlightStats.com . As it did in Wednesday 's letter , airline management has blamed the problems on pilots for filing what it claims are frivolous maintenance reports . Management also said there has been an increase in pilots calling in sick . The pilots union denies that there is an increase from historical norms in the number of pilots calling in sick . It also denies the maintenance reports being filed are for trivial items , saying they pose safety issues for the aircraft . But the union also says its members need to be more careful in strictly following rules given their contract situation . American spokesmen Bruce Hicks said earlier that management has always wanted to reach a consensus deal with the pilots as it did with its other unions , and told the union it was ready to talk even before the delays and cancellations started . "  Our desire to talk has nothing to do with the operational disruptions we 're seeing , " he said . CNN 's Dave Alsup and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	American Airlines sends letter for its union saying pilots are hurting the company The letter threatens court action and discipline against those pilots implicated A union rep says this does n't help talks and will "  further ... enrage " pilots American won bankruptcy court approval to throw out the pilots ' labor deal
Americans are sharply divided along racial lines as to whether Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson should be charged with murder in the shooting death of Michael Brown , a new CNN/ORC poll out Monday finds . Fifty-four percent of nonwhites -- including blacks , Latinos and Asians -- say Wilson should be charged with murder , while just 23 % of whites agree . And 38 % of whites say Wilson should be charged with no crime at all , while just 15 % of nonwhites hold that position . The poll 's results come as the grand jury prepares to make its decision , with an announcement expected Monday evening . Most Americans agree that Wilson should at least face some form of criminal charges , the poll finds . A combined total of 32 % say a Missouri grand jury should charge Wilson with murder , while 25 % say he should face lesser criminal charges and 21 % say he should be charged with no crime at all . The CNN/ORC International survey of 1,045 Americans was conducted Nov. 21-23 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . There is broad 63 % agreement that peaceful protests are justified if a grand jury does n't indict Wilson for murder . But a racial divide exists over whether violent protests are justified in that case , with 22 % of nonwhites saying yes while 10 % of whites agree . Voices of Ferguson The differences underscored the broader perceptions of prejudice among police officers . Only 19 % of whites said some or most police officers in their areas are prejudiced against blacks , while 33 % of nonwhites held that opinion . Half of all whites say that "  almost none " or "  none " of the police in their areas are prejudiced against blacks . Only 35 % of nonwhites agreed with that view . Potential fates of Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson	Whites and non-whites are divided over whether Darren Wilson should face murder charges , a poll finds Fifty-four percent of non-whites say Wilson should be charged with murder , while 23 % of whites hold that view The poll is out Monday and is from CNN/ORC international
CNN  -- Tokyoites may brag about having the most Michelin stars in the world , but Hong Kongers can actually eat in theirs without breaking the bank . Unveiled last week , the 2015 Michelin guide to Hong Kong and Macau awards 75 restaurants with its coveted stars -- 64 in Hong Kong and 11 in Macau . Bo Innovation , L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon , Lung King Heen , 8 1/2 Otto e Mezzo-Bombana , Sushi Shikon , Robuchon au Dome  Macau  and The Eight  Macau  are once again crowned with three Michelin stars .  All restaurants in this story are located in Hong Kong unless otherwise indicated . But what makes Hong Kong special are the prices -- Hong Kong and Macau are among the most affordable Michelin lists in the world -- and variety . "  The selection in the 2015 guide also shows to what extent Hong Kong is increasingly attractive to young foreign chefs , more and more of whom are moving to the city , " said Michelin in a statement accompanying the release of the guide . "  Hong Kong has become an undisputed leader in the international culinary landscape . " Starred cheap eats Hong Kong Michelin guide mainstay Tim Ho Wan  9-11 Fuk Wing St. , Sham Shui Po ; +85227881226  has long been known as the cheapest Michelin-starred restaurant in the world . The humble establishment has now expanded to three branches and all receive one-star status in the 2015 guide . A dim sum meal at Tim Ho Wan can easily cost less than $ 12 . After losing its place in the guide last year , Ho Hung Kee  Shop 1204-05 , 12/F , Hysan Place , 500 Hennessy Road , Causeway Bay ; +85225776060  , celebrated for its $ 8 wonton noodle , returns in the 2015 guide with one star . Serving roasted goose noodle for about $ 8 , Yat Lok  34-38 , Stanley St. , Central ; +85225243882  advanced from the Bib Gourmand list to a one-star Michelin pick . Newbies on the list There are 15 new entries in the guide . Some are also new to Hong Kong . Notable newbs include Seasons  one star  , helmed by former executive chef of L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon ; and Olivier Elzer , open only since June  Shop 308 , 3/F , Phase 2 , Lee Garden , 2-38 Yun Ping Road , Causeway Bay ; +85225056228  . Another new one-star entry is NUR  3/F , 1 Lyndhurst Tower , Lyndhurst Terrace , Central ; +85228719993  , which opened in April . Chef Nurdin Topham says the secret to snatching a star so quickly is differentiating itself from competitors . "  We are committed to finding local products from producers in the region and working with the best local farmers , which may be in contrast to other restaurants , " says Topham . "  Our  delivery cost is four times higher than normal . " Topham says many ingredients take only 48 hours at the most to go from the farm to NUR 's tables . Local celeb restaurateur Hardy Kam may have lost control of his renowned family restaurant Yung Kee -- after losing a high-profile court case involving the Kam brothers -- but his new eatery , Kam 's Roast Goose  G/F , Po Wah Commercial Center , 226 Hennessy Road , Wan Chai ; +85225201110  , was also awarded one star . The guide also includes 78 Bib Gourmand restaurants , eateries of good value and that cost less than HKD300  $ 38  . 2015 Michelin guide Hong Kong Three-star restaurants Bo Innovation  Innovative L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon  French contemporary Lung King Heen  Cantonese 8 1/2 Otto e Mezzo -- Bombana  Italian Sushi Shikon  Sushi Two-star restaurants Amber  French contemporary Caprice  French Celebrity Cuisine  Cantonese Duddell 's  Cantonese Pierre  French contemporary Ryu Gin  Japanese Shang Palace  Cantonese Summer Palace  Cantonese Sun Tung Lok  Tsim Sha Tsui branch   Cantonese T'ang Court  Cantonese The Principal  Innovative Tin Lung Heen  Cantonese Wagyu Takumni  Innovative Yan Toh Heen  Cantonese One-star restaurants Ah Yat Harbour View  Cantonese Akrame  French contemporary CIAK -- In The Kitchen  Italian Fook Lam Moon  Wan Chai   Cantonese Forum  Cantonese Fu Ho  Tsim Sha Tsui   Cantonese Golden Leaf  Cantonese Golden Valley  Chinese Guo Fu Lou  Cantonese Ho Hung Kee  Noodles and congee Jardin de Jade  Shanghainese Kam 's Roast Goose  Cantonese roast meats Kazuo Okada  Japanese Lei Garden  IFC   Cantonese Lei Garden  Kowloon Bay   Cantonese Lei Garden  Mong Kok   Cantonese Lei Garden  North Point   Cantonese Lei Garden  Sha Tin   Cantonese Lei Garden  Wan Chai   Cantonese Loaf On  Cantonese Man Wah  Cantonese Mandarin Grill + Bar  European contemporary MIC Kitchen  Innovative Ming Court  Cantonese NUR  Innovative Pang 's Kitchen  Cantonese Sai Kung Sing Kee  Seafood Seasons  French Spoon by Alain Ducasse  French Sushi Ginza Iwa  Sushi Tate  Innovative The Boss  Cantonese The Square  Cantonese The Steak House winebar + grill  Steakhouse Tim Ho Wan  North Point   Dim sum Tim Ho Wan  Sham Shui Po   Dim sum Tim Ho Wan  Tai Kwok Tsui   Dim sum Tosca  Italian Upper Modern Bistro  French Wagyu Kaiseki Den  Japanese Yat Lok  Cantonese roast meats Ye Shanghai  Tsim Sha Tsui   Shanghainese Yu Lei  Chinese Yu  North Point   Cantonese Zhejiang Heen  Shanghainese 2015 Michelin guide Macau Three-star restaurants Robuchon au Dome  French contemporary The Eight  Chinese Two-star restaurants Golden Flower  Chinese Zi Yat Heen  Cantonese One-star restaurants Jade Dragon  Cantonese King  Cantonese The Golden Peacock  Indian The Kitchen  Steakhouse The Tasting Room  French contemporary Tim 's Kitchen  Cantonese Wing Lei  Cantonese	The 2015 Michelin guide to Hong Kong and Macau awards stars to 64 restaurants in Hong Kong and 11 in Macau Hong Kong and Macau are among the most affordable gourmet cities in the world , says Michelin Tim Ho Wan 's dim sum and Yat Lok 's roasted goose are some of the Michelin-starred cheap eats
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Large explosions and the sound of jets over Tripoli Thursday night indicated NATO has likely increased the intensity of its air strikes on Moammar Gadhafi 's key command and control military sites . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen , reporting from Libya , heard at least three major explosions . The alliance has issued a new warning to Libyan civilians to stay away from military areas , foreshadowing plans for attacks on targets seen as strategically significant in stopping the government 's attacks against civilians , a NATO military official said Thursday . The next phase will largely involve increased air strikes on key Gadhafi command , control and communications sites in and around Tripoli , although targets in other areas could be hit as well , said the official , who declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter . NATO now has the use of armed U.S. Predator drones at its disposal . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates disclosed that the drones saw their first use in Libya Thursday , but poor weather forced them to return . Unmanned aerial vehicles offer more precise targeting , because their low-flying capability allows for better visibility , "  particularly on targets now that have started to dig themselves into defensive positions , " Gates said . The Predators bring "  capabilities to the NATO commander that they did n't have before , " he said . President Barack Obama approved their use . Rebels , who have complained that NATO was not being aggressive enough to protect civilians , said Thursday they had gained control of a key border crossing into Tunisia . The crossing at Wazen , Libya , could prove key to access to the city of Nalut , under siege by Gadhafi 's forces for the past month . Thousands have fled the fighting through Wazen to the nearby Tunisian town of Dehiba , where temporary camps have been set up for the displaced . The Tunisian state-run news agency , TAP , also reported the rebel takeover of Wazen after early morning fighting . About 100 forces loyal to Gadhafi , including a high-ranking officer , fled across the border into Tunisia , said Mohammed Ali Abdallah , spokesman for National Front for the Salvation of Libya . He said the rebels detained 14 members of Gadhafi 's forces . TAP reported that 13 Libyan officers have been detained by Tunisian military authorities . Also Thursday , a third ship chartered by the International Organization for Migration made its way back from the besieged city of Misrata to the rebel stronghold of Benghazi in the east . More than 1,000 rescued migrants were on board , as were the bodies of photojournalists Tim Hetherington and Chris Hondros , killed in Misrata on Wednesday , the organization said . The ship also repatriated the body of an Ukrainian doctor . Several banners were displayed as the Ionian Spirit docked late Thursday in Benghazi . One read : "  We feel for the families of the deceased , your blood was mixed with us in Misrata and with your loss you shared with us the price for freedom . " Another said , "  US and UK with your loss , you shared with us the price of freedom . " Hondros was American and Hetherington had dual British and U.S. citizenship . Twenty rebel fighters stood in military formation as the vessel arrived . The reported rebel takeover Thursday of Wazen comes at a time when many are questioning whether a military victory over Gadhafi is possible . France and Italy announced Wednesday that they will send military officers to Libya to advise the rebels . After a similar announcement by the British government Tuesday , French government spokesman Francois Baroin said a "  small number " of French troops was being sent to advise the rebels ' Transitional National Council . French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet has ruled out sending ground troops to fight alongside the rebels . "  This is a real issue that deserves an international debate , " he said , adding , "  We are working within the framework of the 1973 resolution , " a reference to the U.N. resolution that authorized action in Libya . "  You can not please everyone all the time , " he said . Italy will send military advisers to train the rebels in self-defense tactics , Italian Foreign Ministry spokesman Maurizio Massari announced . Britain said its contingent of military officers will be sent to Benghazi to serve in an advisory role . The team will work with the Transitional National Council to help the opposition improve its military organizational structures , communications and logistics , the British Foreign Office said . It will also help deliver aid . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday she has recommended that Obama authorize the U.S. government to send up to $ 25 million in non-lethal commodities and services to support Libyan rebels , including the Transitional National Council . On Thursday , Clinton urged more patience from critics of the anti-Gadhafi campaign , noting that "  it is always a temptation in any conflict to  want  a resolution quickly . " "  The opposition that rose up spontaneously was not a trained militia , " she noted . The "  vast majority " of insurgents "  had never participated in  any form of military  activity before . " Clinton said Washington has "  a lot of confidence in NATO " and is pleased with the performance of America 's allies in the conflict . In Libya , rebel spokesman Jalal al Gallal called Wednesday 's announcements by France and Italy "  positive . " "  We are pleased with the results , and I think it 's a prelude to more cooperation , " he said . "  The more advisers we have on the ground , the better coordination we 'll have on the battlefield . " At least 27 people have been killed and 142 have been injured in Libya this week , according to an opposition spokesman who wanted to be identified only as Mohammed for safety reasons . Among them were the two acclaimed photojournalists . Hondros and Hetherington , who was nominated for an Oscar for a gritty and harrowing documentary about the Afghan war , both died Wednesday in a rocket-propelled grenade attack in Misrata . Mohammed said rebels have "  annihilated " Gadhafi forces and have defeated snipers in the city in the past few days . Three loyalist tanks remain on Tripoli Street , he said . CNN could not independently verify his claims . The city 's hospital has reported nine deaths and 68 injuries . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Sound of jets , explosions heard in Tripoli U.S. Predator drones take flight in Libya Thousands have fled fighting in western Libya through the border crossing in Wazen A third chartered ship arrived in Benghazi , carrying bodies of two photojournalists killed in Misrata
CNN  -- With the season only a third completed , Martin Jol became the third managerial casualty in the English Premier League as Fulham announced Sunday that the Dutchman had been sacked . Saturday 's 3-0 defeat to fellow strugglers West Ham was the west London side 's fifth straight EPL defeat and left them third from bottom . The two teams below them , Sunderland and Crystal Palace , have already parted company with their managers after sorry starts to the 2013-14 campaign . Paulo Di Canio was the first to go at Sunderland , with Gus Poyet taking charge , while Ian Holloway left Palace to be replaced last week by Tony Pulis . A statement on Fulham 's official website confirmed the 57-year-old Jol 's fate , ending his two and a half year association with the club . "  Our poor form and results this season are undeniable and Fulham supporters deserve better , " said Fulham chairman Shahid Khan . "  With more than half the season still ahead , an immediate change was necessary , " he added . American Khan hired former Manchester United coach Rene Meulensteen to work alongside Jol last month and he will now take over with "  immediate effect , " he said . Jol was sacked by Tottenham Hotspur in 2007 before going on to successful spells at Hamburg and Ajax , returning to the EPL with Fulham in 2011 . Current Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas is reportedly under pressure for his job after disappointing recent results , but he may be breathing a little easier after his side fought to a 2-2 draw against reigning champions Manchester United in the early kickoff Sunday . Tottenham , thrashed 6-0 at Manchester City last weekend , twice led through Kyle Walker and Sandro only for Wayne Rooney to twice equalize for the visitors . Walker put Tottenham ahead from an early free kick , but it was then his blunder which allowed Rooney to level after the home side had wasted a series of chances to go further ahead . Brazil international Sandro 's blistering strike put Tottenham ahead again but the lead lasted only moments as Rooney scored his 10th of the season from the penalty spot after Hugo Lloris had pulled down Danny Welbeck . The draw left United in eighth place in the standings , nine points behind leaders Arsenal , with Tottenham a point further back in ninth . Tottenham 's next match will be at Fulham Wednesday night , an early test for Meulensteen , as part of a full EPL midweek program . Liverpool 's title challenge suffered a setback Sunday with a 3-1 defeat at promoted Hull City . They were looking to cut the gap on Arsenal to just four points with a win , but fell behind to an early goal from Jake Livermore , who is on loan from Tottenham . Steven Gerrard equalized with a trademark free kick seven minutes later , but in the second half Hull stunned the visitors with two further goals . First David Meyler scored with a low shot after Liverpool 's defense failed to clear and with three minutes left Tom Huddlestone 's shot was deflected into his own goal by Martin Skrtel . Liverpool have also lost England striker Daniel Sturridge for up to eight weeks with ankle ligament damage , they revealed . In the late kickoffs , Chelsea and Manchester City scored important victories to keep pace with Arsenal . Chelsea beat Southampton 3-1 at Stamford Bridge to move back into second spot , four points adrift of the leaders . They were behind after just 15 seconds as Jay Rodriguez took advantage of a mistake by Michael Essien . Gary Cahill leveled for Jose Mourinho 's men early in the second half before John Terry marked his 400th league appearance for the Blues with a fine glancing header to put them ahead . Demba Ba rounded off the scoring in the final minute . City , so impressive at home to Tottenham last weekend , took their tally to 29 goals in seven home league games by beating Swansea 3-0 to go up to third . Alvaro Negredo and Samir Nasri with two second half strikes sealed the points for their side .	Martin Jol sacked by English Premier League Fulham Third managerial casualty of EPL season Champions Man Utd battle to 2-2 draw at Tottenham Hotspur Liverpool beaten 3-1 at promoted Hull
CNN  -- A female graduate student at Virginia Tech was killed Wednesday night when a man she knew attacked her with a knife and decapitated her , a school spokesman said . Virginia Tech police Chief Wendell Flinchum talks about the first slaying on campus since the 2007 shootings . Virginia Tech spokesman Mark Owczarski said Thursday that Xin Yang 's killing was the first on the campus since April 16 , 2007 , when a shooter killed 32 people before turning a gun on himself . Yang , 22 , from Beijing , China , was killed at the Au Bon Pain restaurant in the Graduate Life Center at around 7 p.m. , school spokesman Larry Hincker said in a written statement . Campus police took Haiyang Zhu , 25 , into custody at the scene . The Ningbo , China , native has been charged with first-degree murder and is being held without bail at a local jail , Hincker said . Zhu did not say anything to the arresting officers , said campus police Chief Wendell Flinchum . "  There was blood on him , " Flinchum said . The young woman and the suspect "  were not seen arguing , or anything of that nature , " he added , citing witness statements . Authorities said the two students knew each other . "  Based on emergency contact records maintained by the university , it is known that Zhu and Yang knew each other , " Hincker said . No other details were provided . The young woman arrived at the university two weeks ago to begin studies in accounting , he said in the statement . Zhu is a graduate student pursuing a doctorate in agricultural and applied economics . He began studies at Virginia Tech in fall 2008 , Hincker said . "  Our hearts go out to the victim and her family , " President Charles W. Steger said in a letter to the campus community . "  An act of violence like this one brings back memories of the April 16 tragedy and I have no doubt that many of us feel especially distraught . " Authorities say on April 16 , 2007 , Seung-Hui Cho killed 32 students and professors before killing himself .	Killing was first on campus since gunman killed 32 on April 16 , 2007 Victim Xin Yang , a graduate student from Beijing , knew accused killer , police say Haiyang Zhu , 25 , taken into custody ; he is charged with first-degree murder Attack took place at restaurant in Graduate Life Center
CNN  -- Tax-free Gulf States will eventually be a thing of the past , according to the head of the Union of Arab Banks . Gulf States in the GCC  Gulf Cooperation Council  are said to be considering plans for a value added tax  VAT  by 2015 while also lowering corporate tax rates to increase foreign direct investment , according to the Paying Taxes 2013 report conducted by the World Bank , IFC and PricewaterhouseCoopers . The GCC is made up of Bahrain , Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , UAE and Oman . Adnan Youssif , who is chairman of the union , said that any tax should not be considered a "  negative act . " Youssif also expects a good year for Arab banks , estimating that net profits will grow at 15 % in 2013 . He noted , however "  the growth will not be equal in all countries . " The Union of Arab Banks , headquartered in Beirut , Lebanon , was setup in 1974 to foster cooperation between Islamic banks and support those in the region . Youssif said : "  I think the Gulf banks will take the lead , spearheaded by banks in Saudi Arabia , UAE and Qatar respectively . " He added : "  That is mainly due to the huge government financed projects in these countries . " The bank union chief is less positive on Europe following the recent crisis that has engulfed the eurozone 's third-smallest economy , Cyprus . Youssif believes the euro will face "  more problems " as a result of the political decisions made to solve the crisis in Cyprus . European lawmakers initially proposed a levy on all depositors in the two biggest Cypriot banks , causing savers to panic and protest , in return for a 10 billion euro  $ 12.8 billion  bailout . He said : "  The bailout deal will hit hard on them and this will lead into a serious problem , but I am afraid that more banks in other European countries will face similar issues . " Most recently , North African countries such as Egypt and Libya have approved new laws on their financial systems . Both countries underwent leadership changes during the Arab Spring that began in 2012 . In an attempt to attract foreign investment , in March Libya approved a law that will introduce Sharia-compliant banking and stimulate the country 's private sector , according to the ruling National Transitional Council . But Youssif said he is not in favour of shifting towards Islamic finance without fully understanding all the aspects of Islamic banking . He said : "  It is not only about laws and Islamic banking products ; there should be an appropriate environment and solid follow up and control from the central bank . "	Gulf States are said to be considering plans for a value added tax  VAT  by 2015 Youssif also expects a good year for Arab banks , estimating that net profits will grow at 15 % The Union of Arab Banks , headquartered in Beirut , Lebanon , was setup in 1974
CNN  -- Salmonellosis is a nasty illness . People infected with Salmonella develop diarrhea , a fever and abdominal cramps that usually last for four to seven days . The dangerous bacteria is found in the food we eat , usually chicken , beef or eggs that have been contaminated with animal feces . And a new report from Pew Charitable Trusts says the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service  FSIS  is n't doing enough to keep our food Salmonella-free . "  When more than 500 people get sick from two outbreaks associated with chicken that meets federal safety standards , it is clear that those standards are not effectively protecting public health , " Sandra Eskin , director of Pew 's food safety project , said in a statement . Every year , approximately 42,000 cases of salmonellosis are reported in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , but the actual number of infections may be much higher . The majority of outbreaks over the last two decades have been linked to live poultry . Pew researchers specifically looked at two recent outbreaks that were connected to chicken produced by Foster Farms in California . Between June 2012 and May 2013 , 134 people became infected with Salmonella Heidelberg -- mostly in Oregon and Washington , according to the CDC . Tests identified the outbreak strain in four samples of chicken that were traced back to two Foster Farms slaughterhouses . Then in the summer and fall of 2013 , 389 people in 23 states and Puerto Rico became sickened with varying strains of Salmonella Heidelberg . CDC investigators determined consumption of Foster Farms chicken was the likely source of the outbreak . "  In neither instance did FSIS ask Foster Farms to institute a recall or stop shipping potentially contaminated chicken to market , " the Pew report authors wrote . No deaths were reported in either outbreak . The second outbreak is ongoing , according to the CDC , which updated its numbers Thursday . An additional 27 people have fallen ill since November . The FSIS acted as aggressively as possible under the authority they had during the Foster Farms outbreaks , said Brian Ronholm , USDA 's deputy undersecretary for food safety . He said the USDA "  appreciates " Pew 's report since it "  supports the efforts we already have under way . " The government agency has a proposal under department review now that would require all poultry slaughterhouses to prevent contamination by conducting microbial testing at two points , Ronholm said . It would also authorize inspectors to suspend operations in slaughter facilities that can not demonstrate they are controlling salmonella . In a separate paper , Consumer Reports said it found "  worrisome " levels of bacteria in tests conducted on 316 chicken breasts , including 64 from brands that use no antibiotics in raising chickens and 24 organic samples . "  Every one of the four major brands we tested contained worrisome amounts of bacteria , even the chicken breasts labeled ` no antibiotics ' or ` organic , ' " Consumer Reports said . The most common bacteria found was enterococcus , a fecal contaminant , in 79.8 % . Next was E. coli , in 65.2 % . Campylobacter , salmonella and staphylococcus aureus were also present , according to the report . In response to Consumer Reports , the National Chicken Council said poultry producers spend tens of millions of dollars each year researching food safety , which has helped significantly decrease food-borne pathogens . "  Americans eat about 160 million servings of chicken every single day , " the council said in a statement , "  and 99.9 % of those servings are consumed safely . " The USDA does not require poultry plants to treat the presence of salmonella as a significant risk , according to the Pew Report , and has no standards for chicken parts , which are purchased more widely than whole chickens . FSIS notifies facilities before conducting an investigation . Even if tests show unsafe amounts of salmonella , the authors wrote , FSIS can not close down the facility . Salmonella is estimated to cause more than 1 million food-borne illnesses every year , according to the Pew Report , and health-related costs run as high as $ 11 billion yearly . The Pew report makes several recommendations for improving USDA 's "  Salmonella Action Plan , " which the agency posted earlier this month : -- Change salmonella performance standards so they are updated regularly , enforceable and tied to public health outcomes . -- Consider establishing limits on the amount of salmonella that can be present in chickens as they enter slaughterhouses . -- Conduct unannounced testing in poultry producing facilities . -- Close plants that are under investigation and keep them closed until "  adequate control measures are in place . " "  The contaminated product is n't supposed to reach consumers -- that 's the point , " Eskin said . "  You see this is a very complicated bacteria . It 's a challenge , and we have n't gotten it right yet . " Ronholm could not offer a time frame for when the FSIS food safety proposal may go into effect . He said it 's important for consumers to remain diligent about food safety practices , including washing their hands and cooking food to the right temperatures .	Salmonella causes diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps for 4 to 7 days Pew report says USDA is n't doing enough to keep our food free from the bacteria Report authors looked at two recent outbreaks linked to Foster Farms chicken
CNN  -- Tuscaloosa and the University of Alabama paid tribute Saturday to first responders who aided neighbors staggered by the April 27 tornado that cut a swath through the city and killed 47 people . The Crimson Tide 's first football game since the storm included a video , a musical program and a moment of silence for the victims , among them six university students . A houndstooth ribbon painted on the field symbolized legendary coach Paul "  Bear " Bryant and a community still in grief . "  It was just wonderful . It really was , " the Rev. Kelvin Croom said of the observances . "  It was a time to come together . " It was also a victorious day for No. 2 Alabama , which defeated Kent State University 48-7 . No one could have predicted how much of what happened off the sidelines this year would mean to Saturday 's contest . For the 101,000-plus fans who jammed the stands , the contest against the Golden Flashes was an opportunity to pause from rebuilding to enjoy the rites of autumn . Kent State sent four players in late July to help in the rebuilding and conduct a clinic for underprivileged kids . Since then , Alabama fans have expressed their appreciation . "  The ovation when we came on the field was pretty amazing , " said Alan Ashby , assistant athletic director for communications at Kent State . "  The crowd was very supportive . " "  I am an Alabama fan . Now I 'm  also  a Kent State fan . I saw the character and class of Kent State athletics , " said Bob Johnson , executive director of Habitat for Humanity Tuscaloosa . Habitat and Alabama head coach Nick Saban 's "  Nick 's Kids Fund " were instrumental in the building of a new home for a family displaced by the tornado . Saban , who played and coached at Kent State , wants to build 13 homes , to match the number of national championships the Crimson Tide has won . Last fall , Dana Dowling , her husband , Bob , and two teen children routinely yelled "  Roll Tide ! " from their home near Brookwood , a community east of Tuscaloosa . On April , 27 , the front wall of the Dowlings ' mobile home blew in . The bedroom was sucked out . The roof was left unattached . Now , only days away from moving into their new home , the Dowlings attended the game as guests of the opposing team and visited with new Kent State head coach Darrell Hazell . More than 100 University of Alabama students , including gymnasts , cheerleaders and football and basketball players , pitched in on the Dowling residence , too . "  When one brother is down , we are all down , " said Croom , pastor of College Hill Baptist Church , largely destroyed by the tornado . "  I absolutely adored all of the guys , " Dowling said of the Kent State and Alabama volunteers . Athletes just wanted to help , rather than be recognized , she said . "  Not many people get what we got , " Dowling said of the new residence and outpouring of love and support . The family could n't qualify for a conventional mortgage because Bob Dowling , who works as a disaster recovery technician , does n't receive checks 52 weeks a year , she said . By going with Habitat , the Dowlings will go from a $ 600 monthly mortgage to less than $ 400 . Kent State running back Jacquise Terry said he 's become closer to the three teammates who went with him from Ohio to Tuscaloosa . "  There is more to life than football . " "  My heart is still going out to families , " the Phenix City , Alabama , native told CNN Friday as he traveled on the team bus . The tragedy has touched almost everyone in the city . Alabama offensive tackle D.J. Fluker lost his apartment in the storm . He helped out with the Dowling home . Deep snapper Carson Tinker 's girlfriend , Ashley Harrison , was killed . "  Everyone expects him to be in a negative place , sad and down , " said Alabama associate athletics director Jeff Purinton . "  He thinks it 's his responsibility to be positive . " A scholarship has been established in Harrison 's memory . Visitors to Tuscaloosa still see scenes of devastation , though most of the debris has been removed . "  You make a turn and all of a sudden everything is gone , " said Kent State 's Ashby . "  No limbs . No trees . Houses off their foundations . " The Kent State athletes were heartened by the response they got during their visit , Ashby said . "  People came up and thanked us . One guy said , ` Roll Tide and go Flashes ! ' " While the fact that Saban is a Kent State alum made a connection for the trip , "  We knew it was the right thing to do , " Ashby said . Students on the Alabama campus agreed the game was an ideal time for the community to come together . "  I think that it means a return to normal , " said Lance Ledbetter , a junior from Grant , Alabama . "  This whole community has been so upset about this tornado . Let 's take our mind off rebuilding for a second and get back to rooting on Alabama football . " CNN 's Reynolds Wolf contributed to this report .	Program includes video , moment of silence Alabama Crimson Tide plays its first game since April tornado Ceremony honors first responders Players from opponent Kent State helped build Habitat home for storm victims
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio Thursday announced a settlement in the long legal battle over the police department 's controversial stop-and-frisk policies , which a federal judge ruled violated the rights of minority residents . In addition to dropping its appeal of the ruling , the city will implement reforms aimed at improving strained relations between police and the community . De Blasio , who targeted the policing practice during his mayoral campaign to succeed Michael Bloomberg , called the settlement ending the Floyd vs. City of New York case "  historic " and said it closes the years-long legal fight that found the overuse of stop-and-frisk unconstitutional . De Blasio said 90 % of the people who were stopped and frisked were innocent of any crimes . "  We 're here today to turn the page on one of the most divisive problems in our city , " he told reporters . "  We believe in ending the overuse of stop-and-frisk that has unfairly targeted young African-American and Latino men . ... We believe in one city where everyone rises together , respecting every New Yorker 's rights regardless of what neighborhood they live in or the color of their skin . " In August 2013 , a federal judge ruled that stop-and-frisk violated the Constitution and ordered the city to develop remedies . The ruling stemmed from a class-action lawsuit representing potentially hundreds of thousands of people that never asked for monetary damages . They instead sued to have the policy changed . "  We have been in negotiations with the city since the new administration came into office ... so it was n't a surprise , " Darius Charney , senior staff attorney at the Center for Constitutional Rights , told CNN . "  But we still obviously consider today to be a very important step along a long struggle that goes back a decade . " Charney and others will now enter a new phase of talks with city officials in a collaborative attempt to reform the policy that dictates how and when police officers can stop and question someone on the street . "  We are definitely cautiously optimistic that this can be a collaborative effort and we will work with them , but we also will remain vigilant throughout the process to hold them accountable to their promises , " he said . The much-criticized method , in which police stopped and searched those they considered suspicious , had been used to deter crime , the police department said . But it has also resulted in a slew of lawsuits by residents complaining of unlawful stops . "  We will not break the law to enforce the law , " said the new police commissioner , Bill Bratton . "  That 's my solemn promise to every New Yorker , regardless of where they were born , where they live or what they look like . " Bratton stopped short of calling the previous administration 's stop-and-frisk activity a quota system , but said it was "  quite clear officers were strongly encouraged , were expected to produce activity . " "  The officers themselves were asking why more , " he said . "  They were being pushed to do more . I think that 's clearly understood . " Last year , then-Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said the department did not engage in racial profiling . Under the agreement with plaintiffs who sued the city over the practice , a court-appointed monitor will oversee the New York Police Department 's reforms of the policy for three years . The monitor will report to a federal court on the city 's progress . The city will also take part in a process with community members "  to ensure people affected by stop-and-frisk play an active role in shaping reform , " de Blasio said in a statement . Police department figures showed that nearly nine out of 10 people "  stopped and frisked " in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic . The data showed that of the 685,724 stops made by police that year , 53 % of those questioned were black , 34 % were Latino , 9 % were white and 3 % were Asian . The citywide population in 2011 was 23.4 % black , 29.4 % Hispanic , 12.9 % Asian and 34.3 % non-Hispanic white , according to the report . One of the subjects of the stops appeared with de Blasio at Thursday 's press conference . The first time Nicholas Peart , who is black , was stopped and frisked by police officers he was celebrating his 18th birthday . It happened three more times in the years since , despite having never committed a crime , he said . It prompted him to become a plaintiff the lawsuit . "  We have made some significant steps , " said Peart , now 25 . "  This is a small part of a larger battle that we have . "	90 % of those who were stopped and frisked were innocent , mayor says He says city should end policy that " unfairly targeted young " African-Americans , Latinos The stop-and-frisk policy has resulted in lawsuits by residents complaining of unlawful stops New York City will implement reforms to improve relations between police , community
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The nation 's largest publicly owned utility company may be vulnerable to cyber attacks , according to a new report . In 2007 President Bush visited the Browns Ferry Nuclear Plant , operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority . The Tennessee Valley Authority , which supplies power to almost 9 million Americans , "  has not fully implemented appropriate security practices to protect the control systems used to operate its critical infrastructures , " leaving them "  vulnerable to disruption , " the Government Accountability Office found . Simply put , that means a skilled hacker could disrupt the system and cause a blackout . Rep. James Langevin , a Rhode Island Democrat , fears the problem is much larger than just the TVA . "  If they are not secure , I do n't have a great deal of confidence that the rest of our critical infrastructure on the electric grid is secure , " he said . The TVA operates 52 nuclear , hydroelectric and fossil-fuel facilities in the southeastern United States . Among the government watchdog agency findings :  The TVA 's firewalls have been bypassed or are inadequately configured  Passwords are not effective  Servers and work stations lack key patches and effective virus protection  Intrusion-detection systems are not adequate  Some locations lack enough physical security around control systems . The GAO recommends 73 steps to correct the problems in its report to Congress . In September , CNN first aired dramatic footage of a government experiment demonstrating that a cyber attack could destroy electrical equipment . The experiment , dubbed "  Aurora , " caused a generator to fall apart and grind to a halt after a computer attack on its control system . The test was conducted by scientists at the Idaho National Laboratory . In October , the North American Electric Reliability Corp. told Congress that 75 percent of utilities had taken steps to mitigate the Aurora vulnerability , but Langevin said it now appears that Congress was misled . A congressional audit of the electric reliability corporation 's claim cast doubt on the assertion that most utilities were taking steps to fix the problem . "  It appears that they just made those numbers up , " Langevin said . "  It is not acceptable . It is outrageous . " He said the result is there is now no clear picture of how vulnerable utilities are to cyber attacks . The electric reliability corporation -- a nongovernmental group that oversees the power system and comprises members of the industry and some consumers -- told CNN it regrets the confusion . Experts told CNN that Cooper Industries is the only manufacturer of hardware that can close the Aurora vulnerability . The company estimated it would need to sell about 10,000 devices to fix the problem nationwide . It has sold just over 100 , it told CNN . Langevin said the federal government may need new powers to require utilities to take corrective actions to close cyber security gaps , and he will press to give those powers to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission . The congressman is chairing an Emerging Threats , Cybersecurity , and Science and Technology subcommittee hearing Wednesday afternoon . Representatives of the TVA , the GAO , the federal commission and the electric reliability corporation are to appear before the subcommittee .	A hacker could disrupt Tennessee Valley Authority system , causing blackouts TVA supplies power to almost 9 million Americans Congress was told 75 percent of utilities fixed problems to combat attacks Representative : no clear picture of how vulnerable utilities are to cyber attacks
CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he would take a phone call from Iran 's president , if he called , but warns that he would have tough words for the man he described this week as "  a wolf in sheep 's clothing . " "  We 're not averse to calling , " Netanyahu said in an interview Thursday with CNN 's Piers Morgan in New York . "  I 'll tell you what I 'll tell him , " he said . " ` You want the sanctions lifted ? Stop your nuclear program . ' " Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , who took office in August , has projected a more moderate image than his predecessor , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Western leaders have expressed optimism about Iran 's more conciliatory tone under Rouhani , whose comments in recent weeks have raised hopes that a deal could be struck over the country 's controversial nuclear program . Rouhani has called for the lifting of international sanctions , imposed over the nuclear program , that have taken a heavy toll on the Iranian economy . In an indication of the shifting mood , he spoke with U.S. President Barack Obama by phone last week , the first direct conversation between leaders of the two countries since the Iranian revolution in 1979 . CNN Poll : Most in U.S. favor negotiations with Iran The 15 minute conversation , which included translations , was described by Obama 's National Security Advisor Susan Rice as "  cordial and constructive . " Questions for Rouhani But Netanyahu remains skeptical about Rouhani 's intentions . In a speech at the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday , he described him as "  a wolf in sheep 's clothing , a wolf who thinks he can pull the wool over the eyes of the international community . " He told Morgan on Thursday that he would have plenty of questions for Rouhani , including why Iran needs underground bunkers and intercontinental ballistic missiles . "  Why do you need to enrich uranium ? " he asked , listing countries that operate civilian nuclear energy programs without enrichment , including Canada , Mexico and Indonesia . Netanyahu : Iranian president is ` wolf in sheep 's clothing ' "  They do n't have enrichment because enrichment -- uranium enrichment -- is how you make nuclear weapons , " he said in the interview , which will air at 9 p.m. ET on Friday . Iran has repeatedly insisted that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes . Khodadad Seifi , an Iranian representative at the United Nations , said this week that Tehran is cooperating with the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , and that its work is carried out under surveillance cameras . Unperturbed by U.S. shutdown Asked if he was concerned about the partial shutdown of the U.S. federal government this week , Netanyahu seemed unfazed . "  They 'll work it out , " he said . "  Been there , done that . " And despite the crisis in Washington that has paralyzed many public services , Netanyahu defended the U.S. democratic system . "  I think , with all its flaws , the American political system has a lot riding for it , " he said . "  It 's probably the best political system in the world . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	"  We 're not averse to calling , " Netanyahu tells CNN 's Piers Morgan He says he would tell Rouhani to stop Iran 's nuclear program Rouhani spoke by phone last week with Obama Netanyahu has expressed skepticism about the Iranian president 's intentions
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Designer Stephen Shadley knows the entertainment industry . He grew up in Southern California , worked as a scenic artist and toured with Disney . He 's also designed homes for stars such as Diane Keaton , Woody Allen and Jennifer Aniston . Stephen Shadley 's Oscar green room was inspired by his renovation of a 1970s home . Now Shadley is in Tinseltown for a different kind of industry-related project : designing the Architectural Digest green room -- the backstage area where stars can relax while the show runs -- at the 81st Annual Academy Awards . "  I 've sort of been captivated by the movies , " Shadley said , warming up after landing in Los Angeles less than an hour before . "  It 's something I 've always enjoyed . " Shadley 's design was inspired by his recent renovation of a 1970s home . "  It was time to go back to a period I actually remembered , " he said . The design includes an 11-foot couch , an 1,100-pound bar , a drop-down ceiling and a magnificent shag rug . "  It 's the 1970s . You 've got to have the shag rug , " said Adrienne Kauderer , the magazine 's promotions director . Kauderer walked through the half-finished room Tuesday as production workers scurried around her . The magazine 's crew had two days to finish building the entire space from scratch . And it 's bigger this year , as Kauderer pointed out . An extension of the green room will allow access for presenters not walking down the red carpet . Gallery : Take a tour of the green room " There were several other requirements for Shadley 's design . The room had to have certain seating , spacing , and include advertisers ' products . But the focal point for the room is one of Shadley 's personal touches . The panoramic view of Los Angeles from the Hollywood Hills comes from the very studio at 20th Century Fox where he had his first job . "  I 'm hoping it will transport people a little , give them the illusion that they 're actually in this -LSB- spacious -RSB- room , rather than a green room backstage , " Shadley said . The designer kept the room 's color palette monochromatic in order to provide a simple backdrop for its occupants ' gowns . Although smaller than you would imagine a setting for the stars , its elegance -- even in the beginning stages -- speaks volumes . "  I want to try to make people feel rested and comfortable and glamorous because they 're going out to do the most glamorous thing on earth -- presenting an Academy Award , " Shadley said .	Stephen Shadley handled Oscar green room design Inspiration came from 1970s home , right down to shag carpet Shadley : "  I want to try to make people feel rested and comfortable and glamorous "
Berlin  CNN  -- The international manhunt for the porn actor accused of killing and dismembering a man in Canada ended Monday in a Berlin internet cafe with the arrest of Luka Rocco Magnotta , according to authorities in Canada and Germany . An employee of the cafe recognized Magnotta and flagged down a carload of German police cadets , who arrested Magnotta without incident at the cafe in a predominantly Turkish neighborhood of Berlin popular with students and young people . "  You got me , " Magnotta told officers after initially denying his identity , according to German police . He had spent about an hour at the nondescript cafe perusing internet news accounts of his exploits , according to a cafe worker . Suspect describes himself as ` people person ' "  We can confirm this individual has been arrested , " said Julie Carmichael , a Canadian Ministry of Public Safety spokeswoman . "  We expect that the individual responsible for these troubling acts will face the full force of the law . " Authorities in Montreal -- where police found murder victim Jun Lin 's torso in a trash bin outside Magnotta 's apartment -- were "  extremely relieved " about the arrest , police Cmdr. Ian Lafreniere told reporters . He said that investigators would begin looking into possible links to other crimes and that authorities have much work ahead of them in bringing Magnotta back to Canada to face trial . "  This is far from being over , " Lafreniere said . Authorities were seeking Magnotta on first-degree murder and other charges in the killing of Jun Lin , 33 , a Concordia University student from China , and threatening , among others , Canada 's prime minister by mailing him a severed foot . Not all the body parts have been recovered , and Lafreniere said forensic evidence and DNA were used to identify the victim as Jun. . The search for Magnotta had captured worldwide attention after news that the efforts to find him had moved to France following a number of reported sightings there . Magnotta was believed to have fled to Paris under an assumed name , Lafreniere said . He said authorities did not yet know when Magnotta had traveled to Germany , or how . The case began last week when a package addressed to Prime Minister Stephen Harper arrived at his majority Conservative Party headquarters , and a hand was later found at a post office addressed to the minority Liberal Party , authorities said . Authorities quickly traced the address on the packages to the Montreal apartment of Magnotta , where they discovered a torso in a suitcase in a trash bin . Lin 's death and dismemberment were allegedly captured on a graphic video posted to the Internet , according to Montreal police . It features a man -- who authorities believe is Magnotta -- killing another man , dismembering the corpse and performing sexual acts . "  We believe he filmed himself , " Lafreniere said last week . "  It 's gross . ... This is a very deranged person . He is looking for attention , and he got it , but not in a positive way . " Authorities believe Magnotta killed Jun on May 24 or May 25 , posted the video , and on May 26 fled the country by plane to Europe , most likely Paris . That prompted Interpol , the global police agency , to alert authorities in 190 countries . Over the weekend , police said there were indications that the suspect may have been aboard a flight from Paris back to Montreal . There was no sign of him after a search of the plane , Lafreniere said . Since the case went public , new details have emerged daily , new chapters in a grisly saga with an alleged culprit that police say is infatuated with self-promotion . According to Canadian media reports , Magnotta promoted himself as a gay porn actor through a graphic website that showcases a chameleon-like quality : the ability to change his appearance . In one picture , with dark hair , he resembles a teenager . In another , with blond hair , he looks rough . Authorities allege he even changes his names , using the aliases Eric Newman or Vladimir Romanov . "  There are a lot of pictures of him out there , and it will help lead him to us , " Lafreniere told reporters over the weekend . His name may not have been known before last week , but Magnotta 's digital footprints were large . He was notorious among online animal rights activists , who pegged him as a serial kitten killer who used cat carcasses in sexual acts . A Facebook group started in December 2010 dubbed him the "  Vacuum Kitten Killer , " after a video was posted on YouTube showing kittens being killed by suffocation and drowning . Several Canadian newspapers also reported that Magnotta had dated notorious Canadian killer Karla Homolka , who years before was arrested for the rapes and murders of three Ontario girls , including her own sister . As part of a plea bargain , Homolka served 12 years in prison . Lafreniere said he could not confirm any links and Homolka is not part of the investigation . Now , there are reports that Magnotta threatened to kill as early as six months ago during an encounter with a reporter at the Sun . The British newspaper implicated Magnotta as a suspect in the videotaped killing of a kitten , which it reports he initially denied . Then , according to the newspaper , it received an e-mail describing how the writer planned to move on from killing animals to people . The writer , the newspaper reported over the weekend , was Magnotta . "  We 're talking about a very strange , unhinged individual , " said the Sun 's Neil Millard . "  Obviously , we did give those details to the police in this country . " But there was little British authorities could do , with Magnotta back in Canada . Lafreniere has said police are aware of the animal abuse allegations . On what appears to be his website , Magnotta defended himself as a victim of cyberstalking . "  Once and for all , I will set the record straight , " he wrote . "  Many hoax websites are created using my image and name , posing as me to seem more believable in respect to the type of audience these website  sic  have , I feel I do n't need to list them specifically but people need not be told , not to believe what they read and to take it as fact . " The website has writing in Arabic and Russian , and shows images of Magnotta half-naked and with his lips in a distinct runway pout . Lafreniere from the Montreal police had expressed confidence that Magnotta would be caught sooner or later -- predicting his desire for attention could be his downfall . "  This man uses the Web to glorify himself , and  authorities  hope this habit will lead to his capture , " the police commander said Saturday . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Paula Newton and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Berlin police trainees arrested Luka Rocco Magnotta at an Internet cafe in Berlin "  You got me , " police say he told officers Canadian investigators will now look into possibility of other crimes , Montreal police say Magnotta is accused of dismembering a student and mailing body parts to politicians
CNN  -- What if , instead of picking up a smartphone or touching a mouse , you could just say , "  Remind me to buy shampoo , " "  Play some bluegrass music , " or "  How many moons does Saturn have ? " in the middle of your living room ? Last week , Amazon unveiled an unusual product , Echo . It 's a $ 199 stand-alone smart speaker with a splash of Siri and no screen . It has a far-field microphone that can hear a voice clearly from across a room . Utter the keyword "  Alexa , " and the speaker 's virtual assistant springs to life , ready to answer questions , provide news updates and set personal reminders . It takes the intelligence and voice-recognition of Siri and puts it someplace unexpected , inside a smart home device . Even when it 's alseep , Echo is still listening for the trigger phrase that will turn it on and start streaming your voice to the cloud . If a music speaker can listen and reply to your voice , why not a connected thermostat like Nest ? In a few years , we will fill our homes with "  smart " clocks , refrigerators , TVs and security systems . Together , they 'll help voice assistants break out of single devices to be available anywhere in your house , car or workplace . The biggest tech companies are betting that these voice-activated interfaces will be the next major way we interact with our computers . Amazon 's Alexa joins Apple 's Siri , Microsoft 's Cortana and Google 's , well , Google in a race to be the dominant speech assistant . Apple 's Siri has an optional always-listening mode called "  Hey Siri " but it only works when the device is plugged in . The Moto X and Kinect for Xbox 360 also offer perpetual listening for their voice controls . "  Over the past decades , there has been a series of ` battles ' to gain market share at the point where users interface with computers , " said Adam Cheyer , the co-founder of Siri . It started with operating systems , then search engines and most recently app stores . Now those same companies , and some new players like Amazon , are looking ahead to voice interfaces that can communicate in natural sounding language . "  I think the major companies have to get into this game or risk not having direct interaction with a user , " said Cheyer . Amazon 's attempt at building a phone failed , but the company is determined to be an entry point for the Internet . The Echo is n't available yet , but Cheyer thinks the company has the resources and experience to create a solid voice-activated assistant . It has also been quietly buying relevant companies like Evi , Yap and Ivona . "  Building a high-quality voice assistant with broad capabilities is not trivial and typically requires the expertise and resources of big companies like Apple , Google , Microsoft , with many Ph.D. s and machines and technologies , " said Cheyer . Most small smart-device manufacturers would n't be able to make their own interface , but down the line they might be able to license existing assistants . Cheyer 's new company , Viv Labs , is working on an intelligent assistant that will be open to third-party developers . Computers that understand regular spoken language and can follow instructions , even chat back , are big in science fiction , most famously Star Trek 's "  Computer , " Hal 9000 and the recent film "  Her . " The computers of the future are n't just highly intelligent , they all seem to have fantastic , ubiquitous , invisible microphones . We are still a long way from artificially intelligent assistants . But as voice-activated interfaces show up in more products like Echo , every corner of every room has the potential to be quietly listening for our next command .	Amazon 's new speaker Echo has a Siri-like smart assistant that is always listening More smart devices like thermostats and speakers are connecting to the Internet In the future you could walk into a room and give commands without touching anything
CNN  -- Friends and family of Holly Bobo , last seen in 2011 , waited three years for news . Their worst fears have now been confirmed . A man has been indicted on charges of kidnapping and murder in the case of the Tennessee woman , authorities announced Wednesday . Zachary Adams , 29 , is being held without bond . A Decatur County grand jury handed down a two-count indictment of especially aggravated kidnapping and first-degree murder . "  As this investigation continues , we are still asking for the public 's help and support to help us continue to seek out justice regarding the disappearance of Holly Bobo , " Mark Gwyn , director of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation , told reporters . Because the investigation is ongoing , Gwyn declined to comment on whether any human remains have been found . Bobo , a nursing student , was last seen in April 2011 . She was 20 years old . Her brother told authorities he saw a man in camouflage leading her away from their home in the small town of Darden . The Bobo case rocked the largely rural swath of central Tennessee , from those who knew the young woman to others who rallied behind the effort to find her . Hundreds of volunteers -- some on horseback and foot , others on all-terrain vehicles -- turned out to hunt for clues in Decatur , Henderson , Henry , Carroll and Benton counties . Many more attended memorial services or offered supportive thoughts online via groups on Facebook . The TBI and local and federal authorities have spent hundreds of manpower hours on the case , Gwyn said . More than $ 450,000 has been offered in reward money . Adams , who is being held at the Chester County jail , is set to appear in court on Tuesday . Prosecutors are evaluating whether they will seek the death penalty . "  Obviously , they 're devastated , " Gwyn said of the Bobo family . "  They 've been devastated for three years . But , hopefully , this is the beginning of closure for the Bobo family , and they deserve that . " Missing woman was ` in fear of her life '	"  Hopefully this is the beginning of closure for the Bobo family , " says TBI director Zachary Adams , 29 , is being held without bond He faces kidnapping and murder charges Bobo , a nursing student , was last seen in 2011
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Nearly a year after assassins killed Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , her widower won the country 's presidential election and hailed his triumph as a victory for democracy . "  I feel democracy has been vindicated , " Asif Ali Zardari told CNN . "  I feel we are coming closer to her -LSB- Benazir Bhutto 's -RSB- mission of total democracy in Pakistan . And we shall take the oath of office of President in the name of Shahid Benazir Bhutto , and that will be a momentous occasion for all the democratic forces in the world . " Zardari , 53 , had been the front-runner in the race to replace former President Pervez Musharraf , who was forced to resign last month . Zardari is to be inaugurated on Tuesday and would take office the same day . Watch an analyst discuss the election " The election was not by public vote , but rather by lawmakers in the two houses of the National Assembly and in the four provincial assemblies around the country . Under Pakistan 's constitution , the president is elected by a majority vote . Watch Zardari discuss his challenges " According to the chief election commissioner of Pakistan , Qazi Muhammad Farooq , Zardari received 481 votes . Retired Chief Justice Muhammad Saeed Uzaman Saddiqi received 153 votes and Senator Mushahid Hussain received 44 votes , Farooq said . "  The democracy talks , and everybody hears , " Zardari said in a televised address Saturday evening . "  And to those who would say the People 's Party or the presidency would be controversial under our guardianship and under our stewardship , I would say , listen to democracy . " The president-elect said he would hand over many responsibilities to the parliament . "  Parliament is sovereign , this president shall be subservient to the parliament , " he said in the televised address . Watch why not everyone is celebrating Zardari 's win " "  It is the philosophy of ... Benazir Bhutto , in which we believe , which says democracy is the best revenge , " Zadari said . "  She taught us how to live . She taught us how to do politics . " The pro-American Zardari will rule a nuclear power threatened by Islamic militancy and economic turmoil . The Taliban are resurgent in Pakistan and the country 's economy is tanking . Zardari took over Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party  PPP  after her death late last year . His party had been confident of a win , saying Zardari had the support of three of the four provincial assemblies -- which would be crucial in helping Zardari forge the alliances he needs to tackle the country 's main problems . Hussain , who was a close aide to the ex-president , was representing Musharraf 's Pakistan Muslim League-Q . The party had painted him as a candidate who represented the middle class and has a clean track record -- in contrast to Zardari , who spent 11 and a half years in jail on corruption charges that he refutes . Siddiqui was nominated by the Pakistan Muslim League-N  PML-N  , led by former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif . Musharraf resigned under intense political pressure last month as the ruling coalition began taking steps to impeach him . He had swept to power in 1999 in a bloodless coup . The chairman of the upper house of the assembly , Mohammedmian Soomro , has been acting president in the meantime . Saturday 's election came one day after Pakistan 's Supreme Court reinstated three of its judges who Musharraf ousted in November , following his imposition of emergency rule . The PPP had formed a coalition with Sharif 's party , the PML-N , but the coalition split apart August 25 . The PML-N had set that date as a deadline for the government to honor its promise to reinstate the judges who were fired . The PPP , which led the coalition , said it believed the coalition should focus on picking a successor for Musharraf before it decided on reinstating the judges . At least 60 judges were arrested after Musharraf issued his order . Some were jailed , others placed under house arrest . Security around the National Assembly building in Islamabad was tight , with police on the roof and at the gates and riot police on site . As the voting took place , a suicide car bomb exploded in northwestern Pakistan , killing at least 25 people , including eight police officers , local police spokesman Fazal Karim said . Eight-one others were wounded . The explosion happened at a checkpoint on the outskirts of Peshawar , about 4 miles  7 kilometers  from the Provincial Assembly in Pakistan , where some of the presidential voting was taking place . Peshawar is the capital of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province . The province is near Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan and is rife with Islamic extremists . CNN 's Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : Zardari : "  Democracy vindicated , " president is subservient to parliament Asif Ali Zardari , widower of ex-PM Benazir Bhutto , elected Pakistan president At least 25 dead following explosion in turbulent NW Pakistan region The pro-U.S. Zardari will rule a nuclear power threatened by Islamic militancy
Next time you 're on the go and your phone is running out of juice , try a phone box . No , not for calling . To charge your phone . One of London 's famous red telephone boxes has been painted green and transformed into a solar-powered charging station , as part of a design competition . The so-called "  Solarbox " can be found in central London 's Tottenham Court Road , and there are plans for more to be opened by early 2015 . The Solarbox has chargers for Samsung , BlackBerry and the iPhones 4 , 5 and 6 . It can power an estimated 100 devices a day through its roof-mounted solar panel . It was designed by London School of Economics graduates Harold Craston and Kirsty Kenney , in response to a competition run by the Mayor of London . Their eco-friendly invention won them $ 8,000 and a spot in a mentorship scheme in the Mayor 's Low Carbon Entrepreneur competition , making it possible to pilot their new business in London 's streets . The kiosk funds itself by advertising , and using the service is free . Its inventors say the costs to run the machine are low -- it requires only basic maintenance such as cleaning , and initial costs of installing each Solarbox is forecast to be recouped within three months . The two wanted to use their interest in renewable energy to provide a service that people would really need . "  We 've all been caught out -- phone battery life just ca n't keep up with the pace of our modern lives , " Kenney said . "  By using solar power and repurposing old phone boxes we have been able to provide a real solution in an environmentally friendly way , " she said . The rise of the smart phone has made thousands of the UK capital 's phone boxes redundant , except for tourists looking for photo opportunities . The Solarbox is not the only unused phone box to be transformed into a new creation -- there are phone box libraries , sofas and even shower booths . Redundant phone boxes in Sydney , New York and other cities are being turned into free Wi-Fi hotspots , while several villages in England have equipped theirs with defibrillators .	London 's red phone boxes are being turned into a solar-powered phone charging boxes Two design entrepreneurs are behind the idea , which is being rolled out across the city It 's not the first time traditional phone boxes have been given a modern lease of life Others have been turned into libraries , sofas and shower booths
Surprise , surprise , Japan and China are still not getting along . Fortunately , the battles have been strictly rhetorical , although both nations ' military vessels and aircraft have navigated and scrambled ominously in the vicinity of the disputed islets in the East China Sea known as the Diaoyu islands in China and the Senkakus in Japan . But the bilateral spat could easily escalate over a miscalculation by officers on the scene . It 's easy to forget that last week the two nations marked the 35th anniversary of the Treaty of Peace and Friendship . Under the circumstances , the lack of fanfare is understandable but it does seem a timely reminder of what might be possible . While diplomacy has not been effective yet in reviving that spirit of amity , damping down tensions , or in securing a meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , finding a formula to execute a mutually acceptable climb down is essential to jump-start dialogue . Leaders of nations can help by shelving the bombast . Dialogue continues behind the scenes but this is against the backdrop of frosty admonitions and dangerous posturing . Is it possible to dial down the rhetoric and serve up a summit ? Not anytime soon . Last month , President Xi warned Japan about its truculent stance on the disputed territories and , along with South Korean President Park Geun-hye , cold-shouldered Prime Minister Abe at regional conferences in October . Abe has stayed away from the Yasukuni Shrine -- a controversial monument to Japan 's war dead -- but this olive branch has not been seized , and advisers say he will visit by the year 's end , ensuring the impasse continues . OPINION : Japan honoring the dead or insulting the neighbors ? There is a lot to worry about with this face off in the East China Sea , especially now that it has become laden with nationalist symbolism and the game of military "  chicken " intensifies . For example , in February Japan claimed that a Chinese vessel locked its firing radar onto a Japanese ship . More recently a Chinese drone ventured into the disputed airspace , prompting Tokyo to warn that it would fire on subsequent drones if they ignore warnings to leave Japan 's air defense identification space . China 's response was blunt . "  If Japan takes enforcement measures such as shooting down aircraft , as it says it will , that would constitute a serious provocation , an act of war of sorts , and we would have to take firm countermeasures , and all consequences would be the responsibility of the side that caused the provocation , " a defense ministry spokesman warned earlier this week . Abe issued his own warning in an interview with the Wall Street Journal on the same day , saying Japan would adopt a more assertive security posture and reassert its regional influence . "  There are concerns that China is attempting to change the status quo by force , rather than by rule of law . But if China opts to take that path , then it wo n't be able to emerge peacefully , " he said . Subsequently , while reviewing Japan 's Self Defense Forces last weekend , Abe said , "  We will express our intention as a state not to tolerate a change in the status quo by force . We must conduct all sorts of activities such as surveillance and intelligence for that purpose . "  The security environment surrounding Japan is becoming increasingly severe . This is the reality . You will have to completely rid yourselves of the conventional notion that just the existence of a defense force could act as a deterrent . " Referring to the security implications of "  Abenomics , " which refers to the prime minister 's brand of economic policies designed to revitalize a stagnant economy , Abe believes a resurgent Japan should play a more assertive leadership role in Asia to counter China 's power in a region nervous about Beijing 's military buildup , and fears about Washington 's fitful engagement . Obviously , China disagrees about what the region expects and needs , believing that over time it will gain regional hegemony . Washington , meanwhile , is betting on a "  cooler heads prevail " scenario and certainly does n't want to go to war with China over the rocky islets . But the Obama-pivot , still waiting to happen , looks like a neo-containment policy , as does the exclusion of China from the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations . Recent U.S.-Japanese joint amphibious landing drills may be a sensible precaution , but also they also contribute to the tit-for-tat cycle of provocations that roil regional relations . The nonprofit think tank Genron conducts an annual public opinion poll in both nations and this summer found that mutual perceptions are extremely negative , exceeding 90 % in both countries . This is the worst result in nine years of polling and should serve as a wake up call for leaders in Beijing and Tokyo . It 's time to show some real leadership . But not everyone is glowering . Genron hosted a bilateral conference in Beijing this past weekend featuring dozens of prominent experts , officials and politicians , aimed at promoting dialogue . Former Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda  2007-08  advised leaders to avoid the dead-end of self-righteousness . He also urged Japan to "  overcome historical problems " relating to its past aggression in Asia to regain dignity and meet international expectations . Given the urgent need for bilateral cooperation on a number of issues , Fukuda said it 's time to act now to overcome differences and find common ground . Wise advice , but in the feverish flexing of patriotic impulses , are current leaders listening ?	Tensions between China and Japan have been heightened in recent weeks The focal point of their spat is an island chain in the East China Sea that both claim China warned that Japanese threat to shoot down its unmanned drones an act of war Former Japanese PM Fukuda : Time to act now to overcome differences , find common ground
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  University of Nairobi students were terrified Sunday morning when they heard explosions -- caused by a faulty electrical cable -- and believed it was a terror attack , the school said . Students on the Kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory , and some jumped from its fifth floor , the university said . Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals . One person died , according to the school . The confusion and panic came less than two weeks after Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in Garissa , Kenya . Kenyan teachers and students have said they fear being targeted by the Somalia-based terrorists . On Sunday , as many as 108 students from the University of Nairobi were admitted to Kenyatta National Hospital . Among them , at least 63 students have been discharged , and at least four are slated for surgery , the school said . Almost all of the 54 students being treated at PCEA Kikuyu Hospital have been released , the university said . Kenya Power authorities and its CEO are at the school and looking into the electrical issue . Normal power supply will resume after repairs , the university said . "  As we mourn the unfortunate loss of the departed student , we are also praying for the quick recovery of those who were injured , " said Vice Chancellor Peter M.F. Mbithi in a statement . He called on the students , staff and public to remain calm . CNN 's Lillian Leposo reported from Nairobi and Ashley Fantz wrote this story in Atlanta .	Students stampeded ; some jumped from a fifth story at a dorm ; one student died , school officials say The blasts were caused by faulty electrical cable , and Kenya Power is at the school The panic came less than two weeks after terrorists attacked Kenya 's Garissa University
CNN  -- The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded on October 11 to The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  OPCW  , the body overseeing the destruction of Syria 's chemical arsenal . Since its creation in 1993 , OPCW has helped eliminate roughly 80 % of world 's declared chemical stockpile -- a remarkable achievement . The spotlight on OPCW underlines the role that science and technology can play in driving groundbreaking diplomatic breakthroughs . To be sure , this is not a fundamentally new idea . For instance , the European Union , last year 's winner of the Nobel Prize , has used energy research to promote peace and prosperity on the continent since at least 1957 when the EURATOM Treaty was signed . What is changing rapidly , however , is the potential for scientific diplomacy to move beyond state-to-state contact to a much broader array of actors . This is especially true of the science education community , including higher education and research . Science , in terms of research output and quality of higher education , is becoming an increasingly key factor in international relations . It is now playing a major role in tackling key global challenges , from climate change to conflict resolution . Indeed , in the case of Syria , science will not only help destroy the country 's stockpile of chemical weapons , but also played a major role in providing irrefutable evidence that they were used in the first place . Remarkably , technology now allows us to detect complex chemicals through satellite measurements in areas where conflict is taking place , in addition to computing the gases that enable these chemicals to be dispersed in the first place . To further catalyze the potential of science diplomacy , states should consider endorsing the idea of "  science immunity , " an analogy with diplomatic immunity which I know has so much value from my time as an ambassador . Taking this bold move could lead to the creation of "  science diplomatic passports . " This would allow properly accredited researchers to circulate more freely , and without political interference , than is often the case due to restrictive work and travel visa regimes . This is important for at least two reasons . Firstly , the decisive breakthroughs in science are increasingly being achieved through international partnership and funding , and we must embrace this . Take the example of the landmark discovery last year by Delft University of the Majorana particle . This groundbreaking research , which heralds major progress toward the development of the world 's first quantum computer , was the result of a collaborative effort by a Dutch PhD student and a Chinese colleague . In today 's world , national borders are becoming irrelevant . Such partnerships are the norm . The second inter-related reason why the scientific passport could be so important is the sea-change in the geographical map of science . The pioneering work of the Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge Research Project underlines this vividly . In 1973 , about two thirds of the nearly 400,000 academic research publications indexed by Thomson Reuters came from the G7 countries . Today , four times as many documents  around 1.75 million journal publications  are being indexed , and half originate from outside the G7 . What this underlines is the growing diffusion of knowledge which could be a massive driver of global economic prosperity in coming decades . In classical economic growth theory , factors such as population growth and age composition , alongside presence of arable land and raw materials , are long term determinants of economic growth patterns . Recent economic history , however , shows that investment levels in science , through research and development and higher education , are highly relevant in explaining emerging growth patterns -- and , therefore , influential in shaping patterns of international relations too . Somewhat provocatively the argument could be developed further by the following : whereas Von Clausewitz stated that war is the continuation of politics/diplomacy with military means , one could say that science is continuation of politics/diplomacy with  often  more academic intellect . Therefore science is , or at least should be , increasingly at the center of diplomacy as an objective as well as an instrument . In practice , science can help diplomacy through the establishment of working relations and exchanges between states , and development of the growing global store of knowledge , with a continuous quest for research breakthroughs . Equally , diplomacy can help science in connecting people , creating access and promoting big science infrastructure . Taken overall , it is clear that science , research and higher education are key to our shared future and prosperity . We must now unleash its full potential to address the growing range of global challenges humanity will face in the coming decades . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Dirk Jan van den Berg .	OPCW 's eradication of 80 % of chemical weapons show growing role of science in world affairs Science now playing major role in tackling key issues from climate change to conflict resolution Van den Berg : "  Science diplomatic passports " could allow unfettered access for researchers Van den Berg : Science should be at center of international diplomatic efforts
CNN  -- The flu is hitting younger people harder this season than in years past , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Thursday . People between the ages of 18 and 64 represent 61 % of all influenza-related hospitalizations recorded during the current flu season -- a significant increase compared with previous years when this age group represented about 35 % of cases . More flu deaths than usual have also occurred in people under 65 . Adults between 25 and 64 account for more than half of flu deaths this season , according to the CDC , compared with less than a quarter last year . "  Influenza can make anyone very sick , very fast and it can kill , " said the CDC 's director , Dr. Tom Frieden . "  Vaccination every season is the single most important thing you can do to protect yourself . " CDC experts estimate only a third of people 18 to 64 had been vaccinated by November . About 40 % to 45 % of Americans get vaccinated each year , Frieden said . Health officials continue to encourage vaccinations for everyone who is at least 6 months old . The CDC 's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report noted this year 's flu vaccine reduces the chance of having to go to the doctor for treatment by about 60 % across all age groups . In past years , the vaccine 's effectiveness has ranged from 30 % to 65 % . The CDC has known for weeks that the dominant flu strain this season is the H1N1 virus , which first emerged in April 2009 and caused a pandemic . It 's included in all flu shots and nasal vaccines this year , according to the MMWR . "  We are committed to the development of better flu vaccines , but existing flu vaccines are the best preventive tool available now , " Frieden said . Pregnant women are at particularly high risk of developing serious complications from the flu , such as pneumonia . Leslie Creekmore of Arkansas was 20 weeks ' pregnant when she contracted the flu this month . Five days after checking into a hospital , she miscarried . Three weeks later , Creekmore died . She did not get the flu vaccine . Fifty pediatric flu-related deaths have been reported during the current flu season , according to the MMWR . Adult flu deaths are not reported on a national basis , but the CDC estimates that between 3,000 and 49,000 people die each year because of the flu and flu-related illness . When H1N1 first surfaced , California health officials decided to make reporting fatal influenza cases in all individuals under 65 mandatory . As of February 14 , local health officials had reported 243 deaths . "  The 405 reports of severe cases  i.e. , fatal and ICU cases combined  were more than in any season since the 2009 pandemic , " officials wrote in the MMWR . Influenza activity in the United States remained elevated through February 8 , according to the CDC . Twenty-four states reported widespread flu activity that week . "  Widespread " means that more than 50 % of geographic regions in a state -- counties , for example -- are reporting flu activity . The designation addresses the spread of the flu , not its severity . Experts expect elevated flu activity in parts of the United States for several more weeks , especially in states where flu activity started later . "  I want to remind you that the season is not over , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . "  There is still a lot of influenza circulating . If you have n't been vaccinated yet , it 's not too late for you to benefit . " In addition to getting the vaccine , washing your hands frequently and staying home when you 're sick can help you and others get through the flu season . Doctors recommend using antivirals within the first two days of experiencing any flu-like symptoms . CNN 's Jacque Wilson , Miriam Falco and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	People between 18 and 64 represent 61 % of all flu-related hospitalizations , CDC says Health officials continue to recommend flu vaccines , including for pregnant women This year 's flu vaccine reduces chances of having to see a doctor by 60 % , report says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The NBA 's latest on-court sensation has appealed for space to be given to his relatives in Taiwan . New York Knicks star Jeremy Lin issued the request in a post-game interview after starring in his team 's dramatic 104-97 win over defending NBA champions , the Dallas Mavericks . "  Obviously , I love my family , I love my relatives , " Lin said . "  One special request I have is for the media back in Taiwan to kind of give them their space because they ca n't even go to work without being bombarded , and people following them . And so , I just want people to respect the privacy of my relatives in Taiwan . ... They need to live their lives as well . " The story of the Los Angeles-born star 's rise from obscurity to sudden superstar has captivated Taiwan -- home to his grandmother and birthplace of Lin 's parents -- and mainland China , which also claims to be his roots . There is even debate among his fans about who Lin should represent at the Olympic Games in London this summer . Read more about Jeremy ` Lin-demand ' in China Lin , whose name in Mandarin is "  Lin Shuhao , " is the NBA 's first U.S. player of Taiwan or Chinese descent . Not since Yao Ming , the now-retired Houston Rockets center and now owner of the Chinese Basketball Association 's Shanghai Sharks , has a basketball player of Asian roots sparked so much interest . Lin 's Sina Weibo account has nearly 2 million followers ; on Twitter , he has about nearly 470,000 -- at last count . On February 13 , as a hashtag with his name took over Twitter and New York amid a fourth consecutive win in his fourth start , Lin filed to trademark "  LINSANITY . " His filing was n't the first ; two other Californian men -- whose names are n't Lin ; one is Slayton -- beat him by days . By contrast just last month before his first start as a Knick , Lin had posted on Facebook , "  Everytime i  sic  try to get into Madison Square Garden , the security guards ask me if im a trainer LOL . " Sunday was a far different story : Lin was the Knicks ' top scorer of the game with 28 points and a career-high 14 assists . The team took its eighth win in nine games and ended the Mavericks ' six-game winning streak . The game also marked the Knicks debut for J.R. Smith , who scored 15 points in his first return to NBA action after playing for the Zhejiang Golden Bulls in the Chinese Basketball Association during the more than five-month NBA lockout . Although the lockout ended in December , Smith was cleared to play for the NBA only after his team ended its season . At the Sunday press conference , Lin also addressed the controversy surrounding three incidents of an ethnic slur by ESPN , which on Sunday fired an employee behind an offensive headline on its mobile website and suspended for 30 days an anchor who also used it . A third incident on Friday involved a radio commentator who is not an ESPN employee , the sports entertainment company said . "  I do n't think it was on purpose , " Lin said . "  At the same time , they 've apologized . I do n't care anymore . "	The U.S.-born star 's rise from obscurity has captivated Taiwan , mainland China Not since Yao Ming has a basketball player of Asian roots sparked so much interest Only last month Lin had posted on Facebook that he was mistaken for a trainer Lin accepts ESPN 's apology for repeated incidents of an ethnic slur
Sunset  -- Get away for a mind-clearing recharge at spa resorts , spiritual retreats , hot springs and more . Work with a spiritual leader Shambhala . Their brand of soulfulness is more about group study than zipping your lips . The 600-acre sanctuary two hours from Denver has a long list of classes -- on ancient wisdom , spiritual healing , and , yes , meditation if you like -- plus lots of time to just meander along trails through forests and meadows . From $ 285/person , including meals . New Camaldoli Hermitage . Founded in 1958 by a group of Benedictine monks , the Big Sur , California hilltop monastery is a silent refuge for laypeople too . The rooms are strictly , well , monastic , but solitude and breathtaking ocean views  not to mention rock-bottom prices  put serenity within reach . From $ 95/person , including meals . Sunset : The West 's best ski towns Spirit Rock . Even Buddhism newbies feel at home meditating at this pagoda-style center in the open , grassy hills of Marin County , California . Silent retreats are a specialty , and many include an intro session for anyone who 's new to this whole stillness thing . Sweat , yoga and a soak Esalen . Most come to this cliffside edu-hippie-topia in California 's Big Sur for one of the 400 workshops  shamanic cosmology , anyone ?  . But you can also make an appointment to stop by for a massage  95 minutes , $ 165  . It works like this : You strip , then soak in the stone-lined springs above the Pacific until it 's time for your rub , set to the rhythm of the waves crashing far below . Red Mountain . The main draw here is the chance to use the red rock landscape of southern Utah as your personal gym . Plus healthy meals that are far from rabbit food . Yes , Reiki and other energy-balancing sessions make an appearance , but there 's also a good old-fashioned facial if that 's more your style . From $ 259/person , including meals . Sunset : 16 great snowy getaways Ranch at Live Oak Malibu . At this pricey new spa , figure on nine hours a day of no-opt-out exercise  hikes in the surrounding mountains , yoga , body sculpting  , plus delicious vegetarian food , no cell service or caffeine , and intense bonding with your 13 fellow sufferers . It 's rehab for type A 's , only with a sparely chic cottage of your own . And much better scenery . One week , all-inclusive : $ 5,600 / person . Glen Ivy Hot Springs . For $ 39 on weekdays and $ 52 on weekends , day-trippers to this spot in Riverside County , California , soak in their pick of warm and cool pools , smear themselves in red clay , and join in classes like water aerobics and tai chi . Your call whether to spring for a massage too . Call a time-out on your life Ten Thousand Waves . A peaceful spot for an afternoon or an overnight , the Japanese "  village " winds up a wooded knoll outside Santa Fe . Instead of houses , though , it 's outdoor baths linked by gravel paths . Come after dark to soak under the stars . Rooms from $ 99 . Sunset : 13 fun winter towns Rancho La Puerta . A weeklong stay is traditional at this iconic , enchanting spa , just over the Mexican border from San Diego . Choose from its famously endless list of activities  cooking lessons , Pilates , art classes , mountain hikes  before you unwind in your private , beautifully tiled casita . One week , all-inclusive : from $ 2,855 / person . Hawaii Island Retreat . It 's worth the flight to decamp at this spot on the northern tip of the Big Island . Your stay will be all about dips in the saltwater infinity pool , outdoor spa treatments , and hula lessons . Book a luxurious room or a rustic but charming yurt . Yurts from $ 130 , rooms from $ 275 . Breitenbush Hot Springs . The clothes-off , everybody-in communal hot springs in the Oregon Cascades come with evergreen and mountain range views . If you decide to make it a weekend , geothermally heated cabins can be had for under $ 200 a night , a spot in the dorm for $ 62 , including meals . Expect super-healthy food and a ban on booze . Sunset : 18 great California fall trips Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2010 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Shambhala , a sanctuary near Denver , offers classes on ancient wisdom and meditation Ranch at Live Oak Malibu provides nine hours a day of no-opt-out exercise Hawaii Island Retreat includes outdoor spa treatments and hula lessons .
CNN  -- San Francisco residents will not be voting on whether male circumcisions should be banned in the city this fall . A Superior Court judge ordered Thursday that the proposed measure , which had initially made it onto the November 8 city ballot , be removed entirely . The measure proposed banning male circumcisions with the penalty of jail time or a $ 1,000 fine . It would not have granted religious exemptions . From the beginning , the controversial ballot measure faced strong resistance from medical , religious and civil liberties groups . Should teens make circumcision decision ? Superior Court Judge Loretta Giorgi wrote that male circumcision is "  a widely practiced medical procedure " and that medical services are left to the regulation of the state , not individual cities . The judge 's ruling was hailed by the Jewish Community Relations Council , the Anti-Defamation League and others who had sued to remove the measure from the ballot . ` Inactivists ' to San Francisco : Ban circumcision "  While we are confident that the overwhelming majority of San Franciscans would have voted to defeat this extreme measure and are grateful for the outpouring of support from every sector of the community , we believe the right decision was made in the right venue , " said Abby Michelson Porth , associate director of Jewish Community Relations Council . The plaintiff 's efforts were also supported by the American Civil Liberties Union and San Francisco 's Medical Society . And even the San Francisco City Attorney 's office expressed concerns about whether the measure was constitutional . San Francisco 's proposed circumcision ban galvanizes religious opposition "  It 's unusual for a judge to order an initiative off the ballot , but the proposed circumcision ban presented that rare case where the court should block an election on an initiative , " said ACLU Northern California staff attorney Margaret Crosby in a released statement . "  Not only is the ban patently illegal , it also threatened family privacy and religious freedom . The court 's order protects fundamental constitutional values in San Francisco . " Anti-circumcision advocates who had gathered more than 7,000 signatures to put the measure on the ballot expressed disappointment and said they would appeal . Circumcising our son -- how do we decide ? "  To remove an initiative before it comes on ballot is an extraordinarily irregular thing to do , " said Lloyd Schofield , who is part of a Bay Area advocacy group that says the surgery violates human rights and likens it to "  male genital mutilation . " "  To go to this length to have it struck from the ballot is undemocratic , " he said . "  It 's very , very unfortunate . "	Judge rules that cities ca n't regulate medical procedures Measure would not allow religious exemptions ACLU , Jewish , Muslim groups sued to get the measure removed Advocates say the surgery violates human rights
CNN  -- Louis Oosthuizen successfully defended his Volvo Golf Champions title in Durban Sunday despite still feeling the effect of injuries which have derailed his career . The South African won the 2010 British Open at St Andrews and lost a playoff to Bubba Watson at the 2012 U.S. Masters but injuries ruined his challenge in the majors last season . All that was forgotten as he won on home soil for the fourth year running and extended his record of claiming a title on the European Tour every year for the last five . A run of four birdies in the last six holes saw him card a final round 68 for 12-under , one shot clear of compatriot Branden Grace and two ahead of Dutchman Joost Luiten and third round leader Tommy Fleetwood of England . Oosthuizen is hoping he can take a well-deserved break and go into the first major of the season in Augusta in good shape . "  I 've got three weeks now that I really need to work on my back , " Oosthuizen told the official European Tour website . "  It 's still not 100 per cent . Luckily this week I did n't have to hit a lot of drivers , but once I get to Augusta I need to hit driver , " he added . Grace birdied the final hole to put Oosthuizen under pressure , but he responded superbly with two birdies of his own to finish . "  I saw that Branden had made birdie on 18 so I knew that second shot was crucial to give myself a good opportunity and I hit it really close , " he said . "  And then 18 , everyone thinks you just need to make a birdie but around that green it 's not easy and luckily I was far enough past where I could pitch it back into the grain and get it close . " Behind the title contenders , Ireland 's Padraig Harrington , who has not won on the European Tour since his 2008 U.S. PGA triumph , came through the field with a 67 to finish tied fifth at nine under .	Louis Oosthuizen wins Volvo Golf Champions event in South Africa Successfully defends title in Durban Birdies four og the last six holes to pip compatriot Branden Grace Oosthuizen won British Open at St Andrews in 2010
Bolivian officials say their country 's presidential plane had to land in Austria on Tuesday after false rumors circulated that former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden was aboard the aircraft . Portuguese authorities would n't let President Evo Morales ' plane land for refueling in Lisbon , Bolivian Defense Minister Ruben Saavedra told CNN en Espaol . French authorities also would n't let the plane enter their airspace , he said . "  We are told that there were some unfounded suspicions that Mr. Snowden was on the plane , " Bolivian Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca said . "  We do not know who has invented this lie . Someone who wants to harm our country . This information that has been circulated is malicious information to harm this country . " In a televised address late Tuesday night , Bolivian Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera described Morales as a "  hostage of imperialism . " "  The president has been kidnapped by imperialism , and he is being held in Europe , " he said , calling for workers worldwide to protest "  this act of imperial arrogance . " The situation is the latest twist in what has become a global guessing game over Snowden 's next steps . Snowden has admitted leaking classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs and faces espionage charges in the United States . He has applied for asylum in 21 countries , including Bolivia . Morales , a left-leaning president who has long criticized the United States , had been attending a conference of gas-exporting countries in Russia , where he told the Russia Today news network that he would be willing to consider asylum for Snowden . But Bolivian officials stressed that accusations that an official aircraft would harbor Snowden were baseless . "  We can not lie to the international community by carrying ghost passengers , " Choquehuanca said . Garcia Linera said that since the plane 's landing in Austria , some European officials have said they would let the plane fly over their airspace only if investigators are allowed to search it -- a condition which the vice president called unacceptable . "  We are not going to accept blackmail or any type of conditions , " he said . Protesters waving Bolivian flags crowded outside the French Embassy in La Paz Tuesday night , calling for the embassy to be booted from the South American country , state-run Bolivia TV reported . Snowden 's asylum options dwindle Bolivian defense minister : U.S. government was behind Snowden rumor Choquehuanca said authorities from the South American country are investigating the source of the false rumors about Snowden . Saavedra told CNN en Espaol that he believed the U.S. government was behind the rumors . "  This is a lie , a falsehood , " he said . "  It was generated by the U.S. government . " Bolivia 's air travel rights were violated , he said . "  It is an outrage . It is an abuse . It is a violation of the conventions and agreements of international air transportation , " he said . The plane had been flying from Moscow back to Bolivia . The original flight plan had a refueling stop scheduled in Lisbon , said Saavedra , who is traveling with Morales . Once Portuguese authorities told them they could n't land there for "  technical reasons , " the crew changed course for the Canary Islands , the defense minister said . Right before the plane was about to fly over the French border , authorities there said they could n't enter the country 's airspace , again citing "  technical issues , " according to Saavedra . "  The crew informed us of this situation ... and out of caution they suggested we turn back and land at the airport in Vienna , which we did , " Saavedra said . Bolivia 's foreign minister told reporters that the move had put the president 's life at risk . "  Portugal owes us an explanation . France owes us an explanation , " Choquehuanca said . ` Unbowed ' Snowden seeks new havens Bolivia 's allies react The situation drew a swift rebuke from Ecuador 's foreign minister , who told reporters he planned to call a regional meeting of the Union of South American Nations , known as UNASUR , to discuss it . "  We consider this a huge offense , and I will call for a UNASUR special summit with foreign secretaries to discuss this issue , " Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino said . Cuba 's Foreign Ministry released a statement condemning the incident . "  This constitutes an unacceptable , unfounded and arbitrary act which offends all of Latin America and the Caribbean , " the statement said . A history of tense relations It is n't the first time Bolivian authorities have accused U.S. officials of trying to meddle with their presidential plane . In 2011 , Morales said he was worried that U.S. authorities would plant something on his presidential plane to link him with drug trafficking when he attended a United Nations General Assembly meeting . "  I think they have to be preparing something , " he told a convention of female farm workers . "  So much that I 'm afraid to go with our airplane to the United States . " Bolivia and the United States have had diminished relations since September 2008 , when each country expelled the other 's ambassador . Morales , a strong proponent of the cultivation of coca plants -- the source of cocaine -- expelled the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration a month later . He also delivered a strong verbal criticism of the U.S. government at the United Nations General Assembly that year . In May , Morales said he was expelling the U.S. Agency for International Development from his country for allegedly meddling and conspiring against the government . The U.S. State Department denied the accusation , called the decision regrettable and said the ones who will be hurt by the expulsion will be ordinary Bolivians .	Bolivian VP : President Evo Morales is a "  hostage of imperialism " Ecuador 's foreign minister calls for a regional meeting over the matter Bolivia says suspicions that Snowden was on a presidential plane are "  unfounded " The plane had to land in Austria after French and Portuguese officials would n't let it land
Washington  CNN  -- For most divers , a shark in the water can inspire fear , or even dread . Greg Marshall wanted to hitch a ride . More specifically , Marshall was inspired by the shark 's constant companion , a remora -- a torpedo-shaped fish that commonly catches a ride by sucking onto the shark 's rough skin and thriving on the shark 's leftovers . Marshall thought to himself : What if you had a camera as small as a remora ? What if you could stick a camera on a shark so that the shark goes about its life , unaware that its actions were being recorded away from the distractions of photographers in scuba suits ? Where would it go , and what would you see ? For a naturalist , being able to observe animal behavior without interfering with the world the animal inhabits by the simple act of being there is the gold standard . In scientific terms , it 's similar to a control in an experiment . But that goal is usually unobtainable -- observing how an animal acts in captivity , for example , is no indication of how an animal actually behaves . Observing that behavior in the wild , Marshall says , is equally problematic . "  When we 're in an animal 's habitat , they know we 're there , " he says . "  And they 're reacting to us . " And knowledge of an animal 's actual behavior , Marshall says , is absolutely critical to reaching the correct conclusions about a creature 's habitat and behavior , and how humans may be disrupting both . Of course , the best way to observe real behavior in the wild is to have omniscient powers of observation , or perhaps a camera lens as long as your arm and as expensive as a new car . Or you can see what the animal sees , courtesy of "  Crittercam . " Twenty-five years after that underwater epiphany in the waters off Belize , Marshall and his far-flung team of naturalists and engineers are getting closer to that gold standard . Technology may finally be catching up with inspiration . Marshall took his initial ideas for ride-along observation technology to the National Geographic Society in 1987 . Now he 's vice president of the society 's Remote Imaging division -- an effort by a team of scientists and engineers working with researchers around the globe capturing footage of how animals behave in the wild , away from the interference of the observers . "  Crittercam enables us to get out of the picture entirely -- to ride along , almost completely unobtrusively , to see their world and their behavior , " he says . Marshall is a real-deal explorer , a tall , lanky , gregarious type who seems more suited to a dive boat in the Sea of Cortez or a snowmobile in Antarctica than an impressively equipped machine shop in the basement of the fabled headquarters of the National Geographic Society . Marshall still gets more than his fair share of exploration -- a day after this interview , he was off to Antarctica , again . But more often he 's back in Washington , at his desk or in an edit bay . Still , adventure is where you find it -- and sometimes , it 's in the most unlikely of places . Cracking open a newly recovered Crittercam remora  or box , or sphere , or whatever device his crew of happily mad scientists invent to capture hitherto-unwitnessed moments in nature  is , for Marshall , full of the rush of exploration . When Crittercam got its start , the results of all the hard work came down to a small , fragile tape . Nowadays , the data is stored on a tough , solid-state memory card . But seeing the data of the first time , Marshall says , is always a rush . "  You start looking at the screen because you never know what you 're going to see . It 's completely engaging and captivating , " he says . The results , Marshall says , run the gamut from inspiring and revelatory to downright boring -- at least , boring to a typical National Geographic Channel viewer . But to a marine biologist like Marshall , even the "  boring " stuff can have stop-in-your-tracks potential . Case in point : Sperm whales . They are one of the deepest-diving species on the planet . Years ago , his crew successfully attached an advanced Crittercam to a diving sperm whale . "  The first 10 seconds are fascinating , because you see the whale diving down , " Marshall says . "  And then it dives down into utter darkness . And then we 're looking at a black screen for the next two hours . " But that Crittercam was also equipped to record sound , as well as video . And in that utter blackness  sperm whales can dive almost two miles down  , the Crittercam whale began a conversation with another whale -- a cascade of powerful , rapid-fire clicks . That whale conversation kept Marshall and his editors transfixed . It was n't a made-for-TV moment , but it was yet more evidence that just about every deployment of the Crittercam system can reap unexpected rewards . In the frigid waters off Alaska , a Crittercam captured an intimate view of a humpback whale calf nursing . There 's dizzying footage of a tree kangaroo  yes , there 's a kangaroo that climbs trees  high in the jungle canopy of New Guinea . A sea lion in Australia plays with its food -- in this case , a hapless octopus . There 's even a brief glimpse of a great white shark swimming at eye-popping speed , chasing an equally quick seal . "  You just never know what you 're going to get -- it 's just completely engaging , " he says with a broad grin . Crittercam footage finds its way into many of National Geographic 's nature programs . And the best Crittercam moments are a rare combination of good television and good science . That 's partly the goal of the whole program , Marshall says . "  I want to find a way to connect with people , I want to find a way to make them care about the conservation problem , " Marshall says . "  Imagine a planet where there are no humpback whales , where there are no blue whales , no leopard seals , no leatherback turtles . Can we survive ? Absolutely we can survive ... Well , probably . "  Is it going to be the kind of place we 're going to revel in , that 's going to inspire us ? I doubt it . As we know more , we 're going to care more -- and as we care more , we 're going to protect these animals and the habitats they depend on . "	For a naturalist , observing animals in the wild is key to learning about species Greg Marshall pioneered the use of "  Crittercams " mounted on animals Crittercams record hours of footage that can be retrieved later The cameras have captured whale calves nursing and a shark chasing a seal
Benjamin Watson , a tight end for the New Orleans Saints , came home Monday night after a tough loss to the Baltimore Ravens . It was late and surely he was worn out . He turned on the television and saw everything that was going on in Ferguson , Missouri , in the wake of the grand jury decision . As he fixated at the screen , his heart hurt for the people there . The next day , he started to deal with his emotions -- and there were many . Watson , in his 11th NFL season , likes to write down his feelings , so throughout the day he jotted them on his iPhone . While sitting in a Target parking lot as his wife shopped , Watson went back and put the notes together into an emotional Facebook post . One you 've probably heard about . And possibly read . That post has 427,000 shares and more than 760,000 likes . There were 78,000 comments at last look . In 611 words , Watson writes he is angry , frustrated , fearful , embarrassed , sad , sympathetic , offended , confused , introspective , hopeless , hopeful and encouraged . He told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin on Friday the two sections that resonated the most with him are the ones about introspection and encouragement : -- I 'M INTROSPECTIVE , because sometimes I want to take "  our " side without looking at the facts in situations like these . Sometimes I feel like it 's us against them . Sometimes I 'm just as prejudiced as people I point fingers at . And that 's not right . How can I look at white skin and make assumptions but not want assumptions made about me ? That 's not right . -- I 'M ENCOURAGED , because ultimately the problem is not a SKIN problem , it is a SIN problem . SIN is the reason we rebel against authority . SIN is the reason we abuse our authority . SIN is the reason we are racist , prejudiced and lie to cover for our own . SIN is the reason we riot , loot and burn . BUT I 'M ENCOURAGED because God has provided a solution for sin through ... his son Jesus and with it , a transformed heart and mind . One that 's capable of looking past the outward and seeing what 's truly important in every human being . The cure for the Michael Brown , Trayvon Martin , Tamir Rice and Eric Garner tragedies is not education or exposure . It 's the Gospel . So , finally , I 'M ENCOURAGED because the Gospel gives mankind hope . While the religious nature of that final section may turn some readers off , Watson says he thinks it points to a way that people of different races can solve some of the issues they face . "  Internally our sin makes us prideful , it makes us judgmental , it makes us prejudice , which leads to racism , it makes us lash out at people that do n't look like us . It makes us do all those things . It makes us lash out in anger and makes us point fingers , " he told CNN . He finds the answers in the Gospels of the Bible . The message also spoke to many , many people . A comment about his boldness in proclaiming his faith landed 24,000 likes . Watson began his post facing his anger . "  It 's OK to be angry and to identify your emotion as being angry , because like I said later we like to protect our own , " he told CNN . "  Because of our life experiences , whether it is being a black American or a white American , because of stories that you 've heard over time , because of injustices that have happened or maybe being accused of something you did n't do or being accused of being racist when you 're not , we have these certain histories and we react because of those . " He said the key is to get past that first level of emotion . You have to understand why you are angry , he said . And then take it a step further . We need to understand the other side brings his own experiences to each situation . "  It 's really important that we take a step back sometimes and think about the other side before we make accusations and assumptions , " he said .	Benjamin Watson sometimes shares his thoughts about life on his Facebook page A post about the emotions he felt on day after Ferguson decision was read by many He closed by saying Bible offers hope that we can get past divisiveness Watson plays tight end for the New Orleans Saints
Orbital Sciences Corp. sent up its first entry into the space freight business Wednesday with the launch of a new unmanned cargo carrier to the International Space Station . It 's the first flight for the company 's Cygnus spacecraft and the second for its Antares booster rocket . Liftoff was at 10:58 a.m. at NASA 's launch facility at Wallops Island , Virginia , about 90 miles north of Norfolk . About 10 minutes after launch , a cheer went up in the company 's flight control room in Dulles , Virginia , outside Washington , when the craft separated from the second stage of the booster . Its solar arrays deployed successfully about 15 minutes later . "  The spacecraft is working really well right now , " Frank Culbertson , the head of Orbital 's advanced programs group and a former astronaut , told reporters after the launch . Cygnus is slated to perform three days of tests before being cleared to approach the ISS and it 's scheduled to rendezvous with the space station until Sunday . The launch had been scheduled for Tuesday , but was postponed for a day because of bad weather and a technical glitch that delayed the craft 's roll-out on Friday , NASA said . Unlike the SpaceX Dragon capsule , which is designed to be reused and eventually carry passengers , the can-shaped , 17-foot Cygnus is a one-shot craft that will burn up on re-entry after its flight to the space station . It carried about 1,500 pounds of cargo into orbit on Wednesday , but is capable of carrying up to 4,400 pounds  2,000 kilos  , the company says . After about a month , the craft will be packed with trash from the station and cut loose to burn up in the atmosphere , Culbertson said . "  It 's going to be an exciting and fascinating and interesting time for everybody involved , " he said . NASA hired Orbital and SpaceX to start making cargo runs to the space station after retiring its fleet of space shuttles and turning much of its focus toward exploring deep into the solar system . Orbital has a $ 1.9 billion contract with NASA to make eight flights to the space station under the space agency 's commercial supply program . "  We look forward to the rendezvous with the station on Sunday , and with that we 'll have Orbital joining SpaceX as one of our providers , " NASA Associate Administrator Robert Lightfoot said . SpaceX has so far made two of its 12 scheduled flights to the ISS under a $ 1.6 billion contract .	Orbital Sciences successfully launched its Cygnus cargo ship Wednesday The unmanned craft is set to rendezvous with the International Space Station on Sunday NASA has a $ 1.9 billion contract with Orbital for eight flights to the ISS
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Marine Lance Cpl. Joshua Bleill lost both his legs above the knees when a bomb exploded under his Humvee while on patrol in Iraq on October 15 , 2006 . He has 32 pins in his hip and a 6-inch screw holding his pelvis together . Joshua Bleill , pictured here with his girlfriend , is walking again with the aid of prosthetics outfitted with Bluetooth . Now , he 's starting to walk again with the help of prosthetic legs outfitted with Bluetooth technology more commonly associated with hands-free cell phones . "  They 're the latest and greatest , " Bleill said , referring to his groundbreaking artificial legs . Bleill , 30 , is one of two Iraq war veterans , both double leg amputees , to use the Bluetooth prosthetics . Computer chips in each leg send signals to motors in the artificial joints so the knees and ankles move in a coordinated fashion . Bleill 's set of prosthetics have Bluetooth receivers strapped to the ankle area . The Bluetooth device on each leg tells the other leg what it 's doing , how it 's moving , whether walking , standing or climbing steps , for example . "  They mimic each other , so for stride length , for amount of force coming up , going uphill , downhill and such , they can vary speed and then to stop them again , " Bleill told CNN from Walter Reed Army Medical Center , where he 's undergoing rehab . "  I will put resistance with my own thigh muscles to slow them down , so I can stop walking , which is always nice . " Watch Bleill demonstrate his legs " Bluetooth is the name for short-range wireless technology that can connect computers to printers , MP3 players to speakers and -- perhaps the most well-known use -- cell phones to ear pieces . Older models of computer-controlled legs have to be "  programmed " via wire by laptop computers before the amputee can use them . Those legs required more movement from the amputee 's remaining thigh muscle to generate motion in the prosthetic leg . Because of built-in motors , the Bluetooth legs allow Bleill to walk longer before he tires . "  We 've compared walking several laps in both sets of legs and one , your legs come out burning and tired and these , you know , you sometimes are not even breaking a sweat yet . " Bleill says the technology also means he spends less time in a wheelchair . The Marine uses canes to walk with them . He 's hoping to get to the point where he can use one cane regularly , and eventually lose the cane altogether . "  I can walk without canes , but it 's not real pretty , " he said . This new generation of prosthetic technology was originally conceived to help amputees who had lost only one leg . But it 's working for Bleill and Army Lt.Col . Gregory Gadson , who is also using the Bluetooth devices in his legs . What they are experiencing will help future amputees . "  We are the first ever to try this , so it 's learning day-to-day . The -LSB- prosthetics -RSB- company comes down on a regular basis and checks in with us , " Bleill said . Gadson , a former linebacker at West Point , said they are breaking new ground for amputees . "  I think we are kind of pioneering and hopefully blazing a trail for others to try the technology also , " he said . But the technology is not without some problems . "  It 's only going to react to how I move , " Bleill said . "  Unfortunately , sometimes I do n't know those reactions , I do n't know what I 'm doing to make it react . So sometimes the leg kicks harder than I want it to , or farther , and then I start perpetuating , and I start moving faster than I really want to . " Aside from the Bluetooth technology , Bleill 's legs have one other thing in common with a cell phone . They need to be charged overnight . Currently , there are no spare batteries available . What are his long-range plans ? He just wants to make it back to his home state of Indiana and work for a charity or even help the NFL 's Indianapolis Colts . "  They do a lot for the community , " he said . He added he simply wants "  to give back . " "  To , you know , just carry on a normal life . Go home , see my girlfriend , see my family . " E-mail to a friend	2 wounded Iraq veterans are using prosthetics outfitted with Bluetooth Their artificial legs communicate via Bluetooth to coordinate movements Both vets are testing the legs for what could become more widespread use
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama on Monday gathered together every confirmed member of his Cabinet for the first time as president and challenged them to cut $ 100 million in the next 90 days . President Obama meets Monday with his Cabinet , including Defense Secretary Robert Gates , right . Agencies will have to report how they saved on expenses at the end of the period . The federal government has "  a confidence gap when it comes to the American people , " Obama said at the White House . "  We 've got to earn their trust . They 've got to feel confident that their dollars are being spent wisely . " The edict is part of Obama 's "  commitment to go line by line through the budget to cut spending " and "  reform the government , " a senior administration official said . One potential Cabinet officer was missing from the meeting -- Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius , the health and human services secretary-designate . The Senate has not voted on whether to confirm Sebelius to the post . Obama made his savings request as the House of Representatives and Senate were returning from recess this week , ready to start reconciling their versions of the fiscal 2010 budget resolution . The president 's budget request is $ 3.67 trillion . Watch how the administration hopes to cut costs " In the context of the federal budget , $ 100 million in savings is a small amount , critics said . "  Any amount of savings is obviously welcome , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said . "  But -LSB- $ 100 million is -RSB- about the average amount we 'll spend every single day just covering the interest on the stimulus package that we passed earlier this year . " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs insisted that ordinary Americans nevertheless would appreciate the savings effort . "  Only in Washington , D.C. , is $ 100 million not a lot of money , " Gibbs said . "  It is where I 'm from . It is where I grew up . And I think it is for hundreds of millions of Americans . " The administration also contends the order signaled an important demonstration of fiscal responsibility . "  None of these savings by themselves are going to solve our long-term fiscal problems , " Obama said . "  But taken together , they can make a difference , and they send a signal that we are serious about how government operates . " The White House offered examples of how agencies already have started cost-cutting measures , including : CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to the report .	NEW : President Obama says , "  We 've got to earn -LSB- the public 's -RSB- trust " NEW : Obama meets with Cabinet to discuss how agencies can cuts costs Agencies will have to report how they saved on expenses after 90 days Critics say $ 100 million in savings is a small amount
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Vote counting began here Monday after largely peaceful elections in which millions of voters stood in line to choose their next president in a tightly contested general election . The Elections Commission said some of the nation 's 30,000 polling stations would remain open late to accommodate those still in line and to make up for having opened late . "  Definitely , there is going to be some hiccups here and there , but I think , when you assess the whole , then we think the work , so far , is very good , " said Abdullahi Sharawi , a commisssioner of Kenya 's Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission . "  I think all Kenya , it looks like they have faith in the system , in the new constitution . " Though some people waited in the sun for more than eight hours to cast their ballots , there was "  no reporting at all " of intimidation , said John Stremlau , the Carter Center vice president for peace programs . The center , at the invitation of Kenyan authorities , placed 60 observers in all 47 counties . In Nairobi , some lines stretched for more than a kilometer  0.6 miles  , he said . But the observers ' initial reports were "  universally complimentary to the citizens of this nation in showing their determination to have their votes counted , " Stremlau said . Those glitches that did occur appeared related to a new system of computer-based biometric identification of voters , he said . "  Sometimes a couple of computers would get kind of out of whack and would slow the process down , " he said . Residents were eager to avoid a repeat of the last election , in December 2007 , when the nation plunged into ethnic violence after results were disputed . Some 1,200 people were killed and 600,000 displaced . "  There have been so many steps and safeguards put into the system so far to prevent that kind of cataclysmic event that we 're kind of encouraged that that is not going to happen , " said Stremlau . Carter Center observers were not in the country during the 2007 vote . Hours before the polls opened , a group of heavily armed men attacked a police post in the port city of Mombasa , killing at least 10 people , including two police officers , officials said . David Kimaiyo , inspector general of Kenyan police , said a group of men approached police officers manning a post between 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. and refused to comply with orders to stop . Police fired on the men , who fled into a nearby slum , he said . When police called for backup , about 200 men ambushed them on a road , Kimaiyo said . Prime Minister Raila Odinga blamed the attack on the Mombasa Republican Council , a separatist group that wants Mombasa , the second-largest city in Kenya , and its surrounding coastal area to secede . Stremlau said the violence may have been unrelated to the election . Party agents representing the two main coalitions contesting the elections will let observers and everyone else know if they have concerns about the violence being linked to the election , Stremlau said . "  They can be adjudicated by the courts , as needed , " he said . Elsewhere , ETV correspondent Soni Methu told CNN that her crew came across the bodies of five people at a polling station in the coastal town of Kilifi . Two of the bodies were wearing police uniforms ; one had on a Kenya Wildlife Service uniform , Methu told CNN . In Mandera -- near the border with Somalia and Ethiopia -- witnesses said bombs exploded at two polling stations . Red Cross Mandera Coordinator Abdi Ahmed said three people were slightly wounded . And in the Kenyan town of Kitengela , south of Nairobi , at least 20 people were hospitalized after a stampede at a polling station , CNN affiliate NTV reported . But voting in the rest of the country was largely peaceful . "  We want a leader who would be mindful of people who are living below the poverty line , " one enthusiastic young man told CNN as he waited for his turn to vote . "  You see , the majority of Kenyan people live below the poverty line , so we want a leader who will be mindful of these people . " Read why this election is important The stakes are high . After the 2007 election , the government boosted security and set up an ambitious new constitution , making this election one of the nation 's most complicated polls since the country gained independence from Britain in 1963 . Eight contenders are vying for the presidency , including front-runners Odinga , the prime minister ; and his deputy , Uhuru Kenyatta . Read about the main players Polls show a tight race , raising the possibility of a second round of voting . Kenya 's constitution calls for a runoff within a month of the results if no candidate gets more than half of the vote . Reforms , changes After the last election , the nation also revamped various political systems , including the constitution , the electoral process and the judicial system . The new system aims to empower citizens and local governments , thereby ensuring a peaceful election . "  It is one thing to change the constitution , but we have to change our underlying issues of ethnic sentiments that have dated years , " said Mark Kamau , who lives in the capital , Nairobi . After the last election , Odinga disputed results that declared the winner to have been the incumbent president , Mwai Kibaki . Odinga alleged the election had been rigged . Protesters took to the streets , where supporters of both camps fought one another . More than 1,200 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced -- the worst violence since the nation gained independence . Optimistic , but prepared Leading up to this election , the candidates declared they would settle any election disputes in court . Candidates have implored their supporters to avoid bloodshed , no matter the vote 's outcome . But some citizens remained wary . "  I do n't know what possessed people last time , " Kamau said of the violence . "  I hope there will be no violence . I 'm waiting for Kenya to restore my faith this time . " But as he waits , he is prepared . His refrigerator is stocked and his car is filled with fuel . "  Just in case , " he said . "  You never know . " ` My main issue ' The economy , security and the fight against corruption , which is rampant in the country , are among voters ' top concerns in the election . The election also poses a challenge : Kenyatta has been indicted by the International Criminal Court for allegedly inciting a local militia to conduct reprisal attacks in the last election . He has denied the charges . His running mate , William Ruto , also faces ICC charges . Though Kenyatta nevertheless enjoys widespread popularity , some voters expressed fear that the international community will isolate the nation if a candidate facing ICC charges is elected . Dominic Muia , 35 , was in line at 5 a.m. to cast his ballot in the town of Nakuru . "  My main issue is the economy , " he said . "  I 'm voting for Uhuru  Kenyatta  because he is younger and has a better vision to move the country forward . " At 51 , Kenyatta would be the youngest Kenyan president ever . Odinga is 68 . ` Things an average citizen worries about ' Harrison Mario , 37 , said his vote is based on issues and policies , and will go to Odinga . "  Basically , he has been fighting inequality . " he said . "  He has been campaigning for the less fortunate . His manifesto focuses on security , education and food -- things an average citizen worries about . " Both leaders are campaigning on almost the same policies , leaving the more than 14 million registered voters to choose based on criteria that include personality , ethnicity and links to political parties . "  I do n't know that much about their differences , so I 'm voting for the candidate of my favorite political party , " said Susan Kamau , who lives in Nairobi . "  In short , I 'm voting on loyalty to my party , not issues . " In addition to the presidential race , the nation will also pick governors , senators and a slew of other local candidates under the new constitution . Dynasty Whoever wins , the race evokes memories of a political dynasty . Kenyatta 's father was the nation 's founding president , while Odinga 's father was his vice president in the 1960s . Both started out as allies in the fight for independence from Britain , but they had a falling out that led Jomo Kenyatta , a member of the Kikuyu tribe , to force out Jaramogi Odinga , a Luo tribe member , as his vice president . Their history has strained relations for decades between Kikuyus and Luos . Nima Elbagir and Lillian Leposo reported from Nairobi , Nic Robertson reported from Mombasa , Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : "  The work , so far , is very good , " says elections commissioner Monday 's sporadic violence follows a Sunday night attack on a police post Voting , the first since a disastrous 2007 election , is peaceful in most of Kenya A candidate must win at least half of the vote to avoid a runoff
"  You ! You have moto , yes ? " An elderly woman , her craggy face peering out from the folds of her voluminous black chador , demands my attention . I 'm in the immigration line at the Turkey-Iran border and my heart is pounding as I wait to be stamped into the Islamic Republic . I nod warily , confirming that yes , that is me -- a solo female with a British passport and a motorcycle . I adjust my headscarf , fearing that my interrogator is a member of Iran 's infamous "  morality police , " the hardliners instructed to arrest women for "  immodest " behavior . She jabs me in the chest . "  You come with moto ? " she asks again , twisting an imaginary throttle and even adding a few "  vroom vroom " sound effects . I 'm still not sure if I 'm in trouble but her opinion becomes clear when she grabs my face and gives it an enthusiastic slap , before pulling me in for a rib-crushing hug . "  Very good ! Very good ! " she shouts while I gasp for breath among the folds of her chador . "  I am wishing you all the luck in the world ! " Finding the ` real ' Iran This enthusiastic welcome sets the scene for my entire journey -- motorcycling 3,000 miles around Iran solo and female , from the rugged northwest of the country to the Caspian Sea and over the remote Alborz Mountains to the fume-choked streets of Tehran . My motivation ? Curiosity about the huge gulf between how Iran is perceived in the West and what I hear about it from the few people I know who have been there . Often painted in the media as a terrifying place full of extremists , travelers who return from Iran invariably rave about how wonderful and welcoming they found the Iranian people . I wanted to discover the place for myself . Following some wild times in the capital , where it turns out you can get everything from contraband bacon to booze , I continue through the peaceful Zagros Mountains to the ancient cities of Esfehan , Shiraz and the deserts of the south . Reports of tourists being arrested for espionage are in the front of my mind when , at one border post , I 'm frogmarched to the police station to be fingerprinted . But , of course , a people and its government are two separate entities . Persian hospitality is legendary and I find myself overwhelmed with generosity and kindness from Iranians keen to distance themselves from the negative image of their homeland -- from truckers stuffing pomegranates into my panniers to complete strangers insisting on paying for my hotel room and an endless stream of tea . Challenging too Of course , there are a couple of challenging moments , most often involving the police . There are different kinds of police in Iran and on one occasion in Tehran a car full of plainclothes revolutionary guards deliberately drives into me . On another occasion I 'm assaulted at a remote desert gas station by a pump attendant who is probably on meth  quite common in the rural areas , I 'm told  . Shouting , he lunges at me . Luckily I 'm still sitting on the bike , and after a kick in the right place I ride off as fast as possible . But then I 'm out in the desert with very little fuel ... a pretty scary scenario , too . In fact , the very act of riding a motorcycle can be daunting in Iran as the driving can be insane . Iran reportedly has the highest rate of road deaths and traffic related accidents in the world , so every morning I feel like I 'm going into battle . But the welcome from the people makes up for it manifold . Curious and curiouser I 'm also a source of intense curiosity myself , especially as Iranian women are forbidden from riding motorcycles in public . Foreign travelers are rare in Iran and the sight of a UK-registered motorcycle caused much excitement among drivers who would pass me with an inch to spare , blasting their horns while hanging out the window and filming me on their phones . As I travel around I 'm passed from stranger to stranger , who quickly become friends , and as a result , find myself mingling with a range of Iranian society . My hosts range from underground filmmakers and the designer-clad elite of Tehran to a rebel-rousing schoolgirl and Iran 's celebrated explorer , Issa Omidvar , who motorcycled around the world in the 1950s . Iranians remain warm and fun-loving people . Some areas off limits Riding is n't an entirely free affair though -- travelers must take care not to stray into military areas or near nuclear plants and taking pictures of military or official buildings is a no-no . For my project , I 'd snap them quickly and then be on my way , reminded that the authoritarian streak is never far away . Vast murals of the Supreme Leader  Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei  loom over every street corner and everyone I meet has a story of police intimidation , arrests and the oppressive reality of life under the regime . In the desert city of Yazd I 'm invited to stay with an ex-army general and his family . He fought in the Iran-Iraq war of the 1980s and lost his legs in the conflict . I 'm wary of this invitation , wondering what I 'll have in common with an Iranian veteran , but my concerns are unfounded . He 's far from the grizzled war-monger I fear and within moments of meeting he 's cracking jokes and teaching me Farsi slang . The highlight of the trip comes , unexpectedly , as we take the elevator in his apartment block to go out for dinner . I 'm learning the Persian numbers as we descend each floor and as we count "  three , two , one " he announces in English , "  It 's the final countdown ! " We do n't have to say anything . The two of us look at each other , laugh and burst into song . "  Da-da daa daa , da-da da da daa ! " This is the moment I know I 'd been right to ignore the naysayers and to come and seek out the real Iran . Neither East nor West Iran has always prided itself on being "  neither East nor West . " Geographically it stands between the two cultures , never aligning itself with either , making for the strong sense of Persian identity . Sadly , the popular image of Iran today , fueled by the rhetoric of politicians means that the Iranian people are lumped in with Islamic extremists and terrorism . This could n't be further from the truth . My travels unveiled a nation of sophisticated , kindhearted people eager to engage with the wider world . If only their government would follow their example .	British travel writer Lois Pryce motorcycled 3,000 miles through Iran on her own Her travels revealed a nation divided between an authoritarian regime and a friendly , welcoming people Breaking into 1980s song "  The Final Countdown " with an ex-army general was one of her highlights
Miami  CNN  -- The University of Miami announced Sunday that it is barring its football team from bowl consideration this year as it remains under investigation by the NCAA over allegations that a booster showered dozens of players with cash and jewelry , and supplied prostitutes for players . "  We understand and share the disappointment that our student-athletes , coaches , staff , supporters and fans are feeling but after lengthy discussions among university leaders , athletic administrators and outside counsel , it is a necessary step for our university , " a statement released by the school said . With their sixth win Saturday against the University of South Florida , the Hurricanes became bowl-eligible under NCAA requirements . However , as a result of the self-imposed ban , the team will play its final game of the season Friday vs. Boston College . The Hurricanes community has been rocked since August by allegations leveled by Nevin Shapiro , a onetime Miami businessman serving a 20-year federal prison term for fraud . Shapiro told Yahoo Sports this summer that he showered dozens of Miami players with cash and jewelry , paid restaurant and nightclub tabs and supplied prostitutes over an eight-year period -- and that several coaches were aware of the activity . Shapiro was arrested in 2010 on charges of overseeing a Ponzi scheme that prosecutors determined totaled $ 930 million . He pleaded guilty to securities fraud and money laundering in September , and his accusations against Miami were part of his agreement to cooperate with prosecutors , his lawyer told CNN in August . The statement released Sunday said the university will "  continue to work cooperatively with the NCAA on the joint inquiry to determine the true facts . "	The team is under investigation by the NCAA A booster says he showered players with gifts The self-imposed bowl ban "  is a necessary step for our university , " the school says
CNN  -- Drug cartels , whether in Colombia or Mexico , can not function without massive assistance from compromised officials at all levels . Corruption is the oxygen that keeps organized crime alive . I know something about corruption and organized crime . I spent more than six years in the biggest , richest syndicate in the history of crime -- the Cali cartel . And I know that Mexico , like Colombia , ca n't succeed against its drug gangs without choking off much of the bribery and intimidation that sustain them . First , some background : I used to be Jorge Salcedo . I left my name in Colombia when I entered the U.S. witness protection program 16 years ago . I also left a home , a country , friends , family , even my past . But maybe my experience will help show the importance of fighting corruption as a way to fight the cartels . My primary job in the Cali cartel was security for one of four godfathers , Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela , the daily operations boss . Others were more directly involved in routine bribery , but I still managed to deliver nearly a million dollars in payoffs . And I witnessed many , many millions more . The biggest bribe I ever handled personally was a half-million-dollar payoff to a Salvadoran air force colonel . I was buying four U.S.-made bombs -- 500-pounders -- that the bosses wanted to drop on Pablo Escobar . It was a very bad idea , but they sent me anyway . The cash was disguised as a birthday present , about the size of a large shoebox , wrapped in red paper with gold trim . I 'd never seen so much money . I remember that it was surprisingly heavy . Then there were the two checks signed by Miguel worth about $ 50,000 . As instructed , I took those to a bank near the Cali airport and deposited one into the account of a sister and the other to the mother of a captain in the Colombian anti-narcotics task force . It was a bonus for the captain 's help getting the boss away from a police raid . In those days , hundreds of high-ranking and lower level police were on the cartel 's secret payroll -- tens of thousands of dollars paid every month for inside tips or for looking the other way . The youngest boss , Pacho Herrera , sometimes liked to use local police as sentries at his home . The cartel had important friends in the military , too -- from helicopter pilots to generals . One well-placed insider was the sergeant and chief of staff to the military commander of the anti-narcotics task force . He cost $ 20,000 a month . Between sources like the army sergeant , the police captain and others , my bosses and I were kept informed about dates , times and places for raids and such things as which cartel cars were being followed and what phone numbers were being tapped . On one occasion , we knew that Miguel had time for lunch and a shower before the raiding party was scheduled to arrive . Both the sergeant and the captain were among hundreds of police and military officers fired for corruption . Besides law enforcement , the cartel bought a piece of Colombia 's justice system with payoffs to prosecutors who lost evidence , misplaced paperwork , blocked search warrants or released prisoners before they could be questioned . Some judges became overnight millionaires . I see police and judicial corruption as the biggest price of organized crime . Politicians were considered a long-term investment . It seemed sometimes that they all had their hands out . The bosses handed out $ 20,000 checks like hospitality gifts . I was there when campaign officials for a presidential candidate came for help . Eventually , a total of $ 6 million in secret donations made Ernesto Samper our president . After top campaign aides acknowledged receiving cartel funds , Samper insisted that if such contributions were made , it was without his knowledge . And I was there when Cali cartel lawyers were allowed to rewrite our national constitution to outlaw extraditions of Colombian traffickers to the United States . You may be skeptical when I tell you , but no true Colombian could have watched that spectacle of democracy for sale without suffering some heartache . When I agreed to assist U.S. drug enforcement agents 16 years ago , the Cali cartel was making $ 7 billion a year . Cartel documents turned over to Colombian authorities exposed a vast network of corruption . There was public outrage . Widespread arrests and firings followed , and the grip of corruption was broken . That 's what brought down the Cali cartel , and it can make a difference in other countries where a culture of acceptance makes corruption especially stubborn . The Mexican public needs to express its outrage . And , then , Mexican leaders need to sweep out officials at all levels who have sold their souls to organized crime . How Colombia is busting drug cartels Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jorge Salcedo	Jorge Salcedo worked for Cali drug cartel in Colombia as security for a godfather Salcedo paid off police , military , politicians , justices , prosecutors with millions in drug money One military official got $ 20,000 a month for info , he says Salcedo : Mexico must stop the bribery and intimidation that keep cartels in business
Health.com  -- After playing just one match , Venus Williams announced Wednesday that she is withdrawing from the U.S. Open . The 31-year-old has had nearly every injury in the book , but she offered an unusual reason this time around : Sjgren 's syndrome , a poorly understood autoimmune disorder that causes joint pain and can deplete energy levels . Williams had played only 11 matches this season because of injuries and illness . "  I am thankful I finally have a diagnosis and am now focused on getting better and returning to the court soon , " Williams said in a statement . As many as 4 million Americans have Sjgren 's syndrome  pronounced SHOW-grens  , according to the Sjgren 's Syndrome Foundation , making it the second most common autoimmune disease after rheumatoid arthritis , and ahead of lupus . Ninety percent of the people with the syndrome are women . Health.com : Signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis It 's "  a major women 's health problem , " says Frederick B. Vivino , M.D. , associate professor of clinical medicine at the University of Pennsylvania and chief of rheumatology at Penn Presbyterian Medical Center , in Philadelphia . "  A lot of patients look a lot better than they feel . " How well are you managing your RA ? Take a test In Sjgren 's , the white blood cells attack moisture-producing glands . The most common symptoms are persistent dry eyes and dry mouth , but the syndrome can lead to complications including extreme fatigue , joint pain , and problems with the kidneys , lungs , liver , pancreas , and central nervous system . Health.com : 12 nice things you can do for someone in pain Because the symptoms are similar to those of many other conditions , Sjogren 's is difficult for even the most experienced doctors to diagnose . It often takes years for a patient to receive a diagnosis after first experiencing symptoms . Elite athletes like Williams are no more or less likely to come down with the syndrome , but they may be more likely to receive an earlier diagnosis . "  An elite athlete might notice symptoms sooner , " Vivino says . "  When you 're running around huffing and puffing , your mouth is more likely to dry out sooner . Another important symptom -- fatigue -- will slow them down and affect their performance . And if they develop joint and muscle pain -LSB- that -RSB- persists , that leads to further testing to try to figure out what 's wrong . " Health.com : Pain relief for athletes -- what works best ? There is no known cure for Sjgren 's syndrome , but symptoms can be managed with both over-the-counter products like artificial tears and sugar-free lozenges and prescription immunosuppressive drugs . The condition disappears suddenly in about 5 % of cases , but the majority of people have lifelong problems . That does n't necessarily mean Williams is done with tennis for good . "  Most manifestations are treatable and in most cases we can restore people to healthy and productive lives , " Vivino says . "  Whether we can return an elite athlete to competition , that 's another story , but we do feel the treatment makes a big difference . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Venus Williams played only 11 matches this season due to injuries and illness As many as 4 million Americans have Sjgren 's syndrome Ninety percent of the people with the syndrome are women
CNN  -- A Virginia judge on Tuesday sent to a grand jury the case against a man accused of abducting a 12-year-old girl whose mother was later found dead . Roanoke County Juvenile and Domestic Relations Judge Philip Trompeter found probable cause during a preliminary hearing for Jeffrey Scott Easley , who is accused of taking the girl across the country before being spotted outside a San Francisco supermarket . The judge also denied Easley 's bond request , Roanoke County spokeswoman Teresa Hall said . Theresa Shanley in December spotted Easley , 32 , and the girl outside a Safeway store in the Richmond district of San Francisco , then alerted police . Easley was subsequently arrested on abduction charges , as well as counts of credit card theft and credit card fraud . He waived extradition . Roanoke County Police Chief Ray Lavinder has said Easley is a "  very good suspect " in the murder of Tina Smith , the mother of the girl he allegedly abducted . No one has been charged in the 41-year-old woman 's death . For now , only the abduction charge will go to the April 1 grand jury , Hall said . Easley 's attorney , Thomas W. Roe Jr. , said his client will contest any and all allegations . Prosecutors are awaiting the return of DNA laboratory results before proceeding with any charges in Tina Smith 's death , Hall said . In January , Easley wrote a letter to the Roanoke Times , saying the girl was his willing cross-country companion . "  I did not kidnapp her or take her aginest her will , " Easley , 32 , wrote in a misspelled letter postmarked from the Western Virginia Regional Jail . "  She made me promise not to leave her . " "  Obviously , we differ , " said Hall . "  We feel she was taken against her will . " During Tuesday 's preliminary hearing , the girl 's father , Benjamin Smith , said an order that forbade him having contact with his daughter had been lifted by the time she disappeared , Hall said . Smith testified that Easley did not have his permission to take the girl out of state . The girl did not testify Tuesday . Police believe that Tina Smith , who was Easley 's girlfriend , was killed between the morning and evening of December 3 . Lavinder in December said authorities believe Easley and Smith 's daughter left Virginia that night or early the next day . They traveled cross-country in Tina Smith 's silver 2005 Dodge Neon sedan , which was found in a parking lot adjacent to San Francisco International Airport after authorities found Easley . An Amber Alert was issued for the girl December 6 , after police found Tina Smith 's body inside her Salem home and discovered that her daughter was missing . From the beginning , public notices named Easley as the girl 's alleged abductor . Shanley said she saw the girl sitting on a curb outside the northern California store while Easley was begging for money . The Safeway was within walking distance of a makeshift campsite containing a tent in which Easley and the girl had been staying . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Jeffrey Scott Easley is accused of taking a 12-year-old girl on a cross-country trek Abduction charge is sent to grand jury after preliminary hearing A Virginia police chief says Easley is a "  very good suspect " in the slaying of the girl 's mother
CNN  -- President Obama used the State of the Union address to outline an agenda for the coming year and , more importantly , to define what his goals would be should he be re-elected in November . As Republican presidential candidates engage in a bitter civil war for the nomination to oppose him , Obama has stepped up at this moment to offer a blueprint to strengthen the middle class , diminish inequality and revitalize the economy . Obama has attempted to turn his source of weakness , the laggard condition of the economy , into his strength by going on the offensive about how to make things better . Whereas Mitt Romney and other Republicans have defined Obama 's policies as a form of European socialism , Obama has argued that protecting the middle class is the only way to reclaim American values . The final State of the Union address for a first-term president is always a mix of policy and politics . Tuesday night , the president brought together a number of themes that have been shaping his speeches since September . The speech blended some of President Jimmy Carter 's harsh realism with President Ronald Reagan 's endless optimism . Obama warned of the growing economic divide between the wealthy and the rest of the nation . He spoke about the challenges that middle-class Americans , the backbone of our economy , face every day . Whereas he started his presidency focused on the stability of financial institutions , now he has turned his attention to the stability of American families . He is no longer just talking about economic recovery . The remainder of his time in office , we know now , will be about economic revitalization . "  Think about the America within our reach , " the president proclaimed , "  A country that leads the world in educating its people . An America that attracts a new generation of high-tech manufacturing and high-paying jobs . A future where we 're in control of our own energy , and our security and prosperity are n't so tied to unstable parts of the world . An economy built to last , where hard work pays off , and responsibility is rewarded . " Rather than running away from Washington , President Obama embraced the historical value of government . He said : "  During the Great Depression , America built the Hoover Dam and the Golden Gate Bridge . After World War II , we connected our states with a system of highways . Democratic and Republican administrations invested in great projects that benefited everybody , from the workers who built them to the businesses that still use them today . " The speech is certainly a good start to his re-election effort . It comes at a time when Newt Gingrich 's attacks on Mitt Romney have ironically fueled a critical discussion that emerged from Occupy Wall Street about the damaging consequences certain kinds of economic behavior can have and about the inequity of the tax system enabling some Americans to enjoy growing riches when so many others are struggling to get by . Tuesday night Obama put himself squarely on the side of the middle class and economic fairness . But the speech is not a game changer . The truth is that the State of the Union address is not what it used to be . The reality is that fewer Americans are tuned in given the endless menu of cable stations and websites that offer voters something else to see . Moreover , economic conditions are still poor . Even with some signs of progress , unemployment remains extremely high and household security is fragile . If voters are going to make their decision based on the health of the economy , many might very well decide to move toward the GOP . Given how difficult it has been for Congress to handle the most routine decision , voters will be skeptical about President Obama 's ability to handle the kinds of issues he discussed in his speech . How can a president and Congress transform the infrastructure of the economy if they ca n't even pass regular appropriations bills without a high-stakes showdown ? A speech about economy and promises of policy are not the same as improved economic conditions . Finally , in our short-attention-span political culture , speeches this far away from the election only have limited effect . What matters will be what the president is saying , what events are taking place , and how the Republicans are doing in September and October . Notwithstanding these limits , the speech is a good start in terms of outlining the issues that President Obama needs to emphasize if he is to excite Democrats and attract independents . Rather than entering in a defensive posture , focusing just on crisis and conflict , President Obama has instead chosen to define the terms of the debate and to offer a positive vision for the future . He has argued that the values of his administration are as American as apple pie . When the Republicans are done squabbling among themselves and select a nominee , they will face the burden of offering a vision of their own rather than simply being the anti-Obama alternative . Then we will find out whether the Obama presidency , like the economy he discussed Tuesday night , is built to last . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : President Obama 's speech outlined a vision for his second term He says the president placed emphasis on the economy and on combating inequity on taxes The speech is not likely to be a game changer , he says Zelizer : Obama 's re-election bid will likely be decided by events and his actions next fall
Washington  CNN  -- As a young working mother in the the early 1980s , Diane Wood , like many of her generation , struggled to balance work and family . The future judge and Supreme Court contender had just accepted a job teaching law in Chicago , Illinois , while pregnant with her second child . Soon after David was born , the professor went into anaphylactic shock and was rushed to the hospital with post-pregnancy complications . Despite her serious condition , she recovered quickly , but really had no choice . Friends say that with two young kids and a new job , no maternity leave was offered , and her male colleagues at work were mostly clueless over how to deal with her . "  People had no idea what to do with the fact that I had these two tiny children , " she told an interviewer last year . Overcoming institutional and social challenges to become a nationally recognized legal heavyweight and high court contender , colleagues say , is a testament to Wood 's intellectual and personal fortitude . Her long , relatively liberal judicial record presents both a measure of certainty about the kind of justice she would become , and a political challenge getting her confirmed . "  Diane Wood is among the most respected federal judges on the left , " said Thomas Goldstein , a Supreme Court legal analyst and founder of scotusblog.com . "  Being a woman is a political plus , but she has decided cases on abortion , affirmative action , religion , and the like . That will generate more of a political firestorm . " Wood has sat on the 7th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in Chicago since 1995 . Considered one of the sharpest minds on that bench , she has known President Obama from their days as part-time instructors at the University of Chicago . They have remained casual friends since then . She will turn 60 in July and is among the oldest candidates being given serious scrutiny for the high court . Aware of her liberalism , progressive groups have been quietly urging the White House to nominate Wood , saying she also enjoys the support of conservative members of her court , and would be confirmable . Wood was born in 1950 in New Jersey , and as a teenager moved with her parents to Texas , where her father worked as an Exxon accountant . After finishing first in her class at Houston 's Westchester High School , Wood had her choice of colleges , including the Ivy Leagues , but chose in-state University of Texas , mainly due to financial considerations . She was weeks from beginning graduate studies in literature at Yale when , on a whim , she pulled out and decided to take up law at UT , where her future husband was studying . If nominated and confirmed to the high court , she would be the only person on that bench without an Ivy League law degree , and the only Protestant . She clerked for Justice Harry Blackmun in 1976-77 , just three years after he issued the landmark Roe v. Wade decision legalizing abortion . She was one of only three female Supreme Court law clerks that year . She later worked as a government lawyer in the administrations of Jimmy Carter , Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton . In between were brief stints in private practice and as a law professor at Georgetown and the University of Chicago , where she started in 1981 as the only full-time female faculty member . She later became associate dean and helped craft the school 's first sexual harassment policy , which took several years to implement . "  You put your batting helmet on when you go to work for the University of Chicago , " Wood said last year . "  It 's a hard-hitting place . " The retiring Justice John Paul Stevens also attended the school as an undergraduate , and Wood still teaches a class in civil procedure on a part-time basis . Students privately describe her courses as tough but very fair , and say Professor Wood is a knowledgeable , hands-on teacher and good listener . Twice divorced with three grown children , Wood is now married to a neurologist and lives in a Chicago suburb . Judge Richard Posner , a conservative member of the 7th Circuit and a close Wood friend , officiated at her 2006 wedding . Friends describe her as keenly interested in world affairs , and she has traveled the globe extensively promoting American concepts of the rule of law . She has made international trade her legal specialty ; she speaks French , German , and some Russian . Among her many interests are the oboe and French horn , and she is good enough to play in several area orchestras . Wood 's judicial record reflects a mainstream liberal jurisprudence , tempered by a respect for precedent and a narrow focus on the facts at hand . Absent are any detours into ideological rants and asides . In her 15 years on the court , she has often served as an intellectual counterweight to leading conservative judges Frank Easterbrook and Richard Posner . She has written more than 50 dissents , and concurrences in dozens more . She became only the second woman at the time to sit on the 7th Circuit , recommended to the job by the late Sen. Paul Simon , D-Illinois . Like many of the top contenders being considered by Obama , Wood has earned a reputation as a consensus-builder on her court . Her rulings on abortion have attracted the most criticism from conservatives .  In 2002 , she dissented from a court opinion upholding the constitutionality of an Indiana statute requiring women to wait 18 hours and receive counseling and additional information before obtaining an abortion  A Woman 's Choice-East Side Women 's Clinic vs. Newman , 2002  .  In 1999 , she dissented from a ruling upholding the constitutionality of Illinois and Wisconsin statutes banning a late-term procedure opponents call partial-birth abortion  Hope Clinic vs. Ryan , 1999  . The high court a year later affirmed her views , throwing out a similar restriction on the procedure in Nebraska .  In 2001 , Wood wrote the opinion upholding a lower court decision that applied anti-racketeering laws against a group of anti-abortion protesters . The case was reversed twice by the Supreme Court , 8-1 and 8-0 . The only dissent by the high court in support of Wood 's views was Stevens himself  National Organization for Women vs. Scheidler , 2001  . Wood has expressed admiration for her former boss 's views on abortion . "  Justice Blackmun articulated in Roe , " she wrote in a 1993 law review article , "  the important insight that a core set of individual rights exists that neither the states nor the federal government may trample . " Hours after Stevens announced his retirement in April , abortion opponents made their intentions clear : "  A Wood nomination would return the abortion wars to the Supreme Court , " Americans United for Life announced in a statement . "  Judge Diane Wood would be a very polarizing and divisive nominee , " said Carrie Severino , chief counsel at the conservative Judicial Crisis network . "  She 's got cases on abortion , the most extreme abortion cases out there , she 's got some very difficult opinions just to square with the American people . And so she is pretty far out on the left . But if that is what the president wants to go for , we are ready for a fight . " Church-state disputes are another area that may cause difficulty if Wood is nominated .  She ruled against a church that claimed O'Hare International Airport 's acquisition of church-owned land under eminent domain laws violated the free exercise clause of the First Amendment  St. John 's United Church of Christ vs. City of Chicago , 2007  .  She argued in a dissent that Indiana taxpayers had legal standing to challenge the legislative prayer practices in the Indiana General Assembly  Hinrichs vs. Speaker of the House , 2007  .  She issued a dissent in favor of allowing a public university to revoke the charter of a Christian student organization that refused membership to gays and lesbians  Christian Legal Society vs. Walker  . The high court last month heard a similar case from the same group , over denial of official recognition by a California law school . And in 2008 , she dissented in a ruling allowing a condominium association to prevent a Chicago family from putting up a Jewish decoration on their doorpost . The Blochs challenged the rule against placing "  objects of any sort " in the hallways . Mezuzahs are often placed on doors , and contain a small parchment with biblical sayings . Wood disagreed with the majority 's conclusion the rule was neutral in respect to religion . In a long , detailed dissent , she wrote : "  The -LSB- condo -RSB- Association might as well hang a sign outside saying ` No Observant Jews Allowed . ' " She also criticized the condo board for filing an appeal accusing the homeowners of trying to get a "  pound of flesh " from the board . She noted the phrase comes from Shakespeare 's "  Merchant of Venice , " and refers to the shady actions of Shylock , a Jewish moneylender . "  This is hardly the reference someone should choose who is trying to show that the stand-off ... was not because of the Blochs ' religion , but rather in spite of it . "  Bloch v. Frischolz and Shoreline Towers Condominium Assn. , 2008  . Amazingly , because of her powerful dissent , the entire appeals court agreed to rehear the case and reversed unanimously , adopting Wood 's original position . A 2005 law school lecture also raised concerns from conservatives over her views on whether current courts should broadly interpret the original text of the Constitution , and the rights and privileges it confers on citizens . She said of the framers of the 1789 document , "  There is no more reason to think that they expected the world to remain static than there is to think that any of us holds a crystal ball , " she wrote . "  The only way to create a foundational document that could stand the test of time was to build in enough flexibility that later generations would be able to adapt it to their own needs and uses . " Many conservatives believe judges should adhere to the strict wording of the Constitution , and not try to read into rights that do not exist , such as , they contend , the "  right " to an abortion . Wood was interviewed by the president last year , a finalist for the high court seat that went to Justice Sonia Sotomayor . Colleagues privately say Wood was pleased with the rapport she established in the one-on-one meeting in the Oval Office . She has given few media interviews over the years , and has been generally reticent about stating her views off the bench . When approached by CNN last year in Washington , where she had gone to meet Obama , Wood was polite but firm about her chances . "  I 'm not answering anything on that , " she said , smiling and apologizing she could not say more . In an interview last fall with her alumni magazine , Wood said , "  As a judge you do n't campaign for such things . I 'm in the luxurious position of knowing that the people who count know that I am here , and if they are interested , they 'll let me know . "	Diane Wood has a long , relatively liberal judicial record Wood has sat on the 7th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in Chicago since 1995 Rulings on abortion , church-state disputes could result in tough confirmation battle She speaks French , German , and some Russian ; plays the oboe and French horn
Holon , Israel  CNN  -- She never displayed the boundless energy of other children -- all she seemed to do was cry . Her mother could n't figure out why until a doctor examined her baby girl and broke the news . She had a heart condition that would eventually kill her if left untreated . Doctors said surgery should be done when she turned one but there was no one able to do it in her home town . The family did not have the money to go elsewhere . It was torture . The longer she waited , the worse her daughter would get . Then something happened that changed everything . War broke out in Syria and eventually spread to their town . They tried to wait it out but it raged on with non-stop ferocity . Escape from ruins Then six months ago , the girl and her mother escaped what was left of their home . But they could not escape their child 's medical problems . The girl had turned four and her condition was getting worse -- as doctors predicted . "  She could not play or walk or talk . She would get tired . She could not indulge in anything , " her mother said . "  She could only eat very little . " The child 's mother asked us to keep their identity secret because of what happened after they left Syria . Their journey eventually landed them in Israel , which is technically still at war with Syria and has been for decades . The family worries they will be seen as traitors or spies when they return to their homeland if their neighbors find out they 've been inside the "  enemy state . " But the family acknowledge their journey to Israel saved the girl 's life . Oxygen starved Their perilous journey from Syria first landed them in a refugee camp with hundreds of thousands of others . Desperate and dirty , the camp was no place for a sickly child whose heart condition was slowly but surely starving her of oxygen . "  We all have in the heart two pumps but she has only one that is working , " explained Dr. Sion Houri , the head of the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit at the Wolfson Medical Center in Holon , Israel . "  We have two tubes in our body -- one going to the lung , one going to the body . The one going to the lung was severely narrowed . " Dr. Houri is from an organization called "  Save a Child 's Heart . " Founded in Israel in 1995 by another surgeon at the Wolfson , the non-profit organization 's mission is to provide heart surgery to children wherever they are . So far they have treated 3,200 children from 44 nations . Last week they added another nation to their list , Syria . The civil war across the border sent them a child in need they would probably never been able to help due to the breakdown in relations between the two neighbors . When Save a Child 's Heart heard about the little girl 's plight , they jumped through all the necessary security hoops to get her the treatment she badly needed . Bridge stereotypes "  We hope that we can contribute in our small way first and foremost to the medical care to the children in our neighborhood . We also believe that this has the ability to bring people closer together to bridge stereotypes , " said Simon Fisher , the executive Director of Save a Child 's Heart . While the treatment is free for the patients , the organization relies on donations to pay the bills that invariably need to be settled . A team of doctors and nurses at the Wolfson performed open-heart surgery on the girl . Though it was a major operation , doctors say it is a relatively simple procedure that often produces amazingly fast results . "  You can see differences that are absolutely crazy . Kids that were thought to be retarded all of a sudden start talking and walking , all they needed was a little bit of oxygen , " Dr. Houri added . Healthy child We met the little girl three days after surgery . Her curly hair , big brown eyes and huge smile captivated everyone around her . She was playing with bright colored plastic toys strewn alongside her bed . Though still hooked up to a machine , she acted like any typical four-year old , rather than the sickly , constantly exhausted child she was until very recently . "  Thank God , thank God , my daughter has recovered . She is so much better than before , " her mother explained . She is incredibly relieved . She had been worried about how she would be treated -- like so many others who have come to the hospital from far afield . At the moment there are young heart patients being treated from the West Bank , Ethiopia , Sudan , China and Tanzania . As for the little Syrian girl who has survived a war and now open-heart surgery , she will need one more operation in about a year 's time as her body grows . As she sits on the bed recovering from surgery , the little girl begins to sing a lullaby asking God to protect her baby brother . It turns out she was the one who needed protection the most . The mere fact the wide-eyed infant is able to sing easily without losing her breath is evidence enough to give her mother a sense of hope she has n't felt since before her country was plunged into war .	Four-year-old girl with heart condition forced to flee home in Syria The infant required treatment outside of her war-torn country She eventually found a hospital willing to perform surgery in neighboring Israel Save a Child 's Heart organization works to give children heart surgery for free
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Earthquake victims , writhing in pain and grasping at life , watched doctors and nurses walk away from a field hospital Friday night after a Belgian medical team evacuated the area , saying it was concerned about security . The decision left CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta as the only doctor at the hospital to get the patients through the night . CNN initially reported , based on conversations with some of the doctors , that the United Nations ordered the Belgian First Aid and Support Team to evacuate . However , Belgian Chief Coordinator Geert Gijs , a doctor who was at the hospital with 60 Belgian medical personnel , said it was his decision to pull the team out for the night . Gijs said he requested U.N. security personnel to staff the hospital overnight , but was told that peacekeepers would only be able to evacuate the team . He said it was a "  tough decision " but that he accepted the U.N. offer to evacuate after a Canadian medical team , also at the hospital with Canadian security officers , left the site Friday afternoon . The Belgian team returned Saturday morning . Gijs said the United Nations has agreed to provide security for Saturday night . The team has requested the Belgian government to send its own troops for the field hospital , which Gijs expects to arrive late Sunday . Responding to the CNN report that Gupta was the only doctor left at the Port-au-Prince field hospital , U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said Saturday that the world body 's mission in Haiti did not order any medical team to leave . If the team left , it was at the request of their own organization , he said . Edmond Mulet , the U.N. assistant secretary general for peacekeeping operations , told reporters later that local security officers deemed the makeshift hospital unsafe . "  It seems that we 've heard some reports in the international media that the United Nations asked or forced some medical teams to not work any more in some clinic -- that is not true , that is completely untrue , " Mulet said Saturday . CNN video from the scene Friday night shows the Belgian team packing up its supplies and leaving with an escort of blue-helmeted U.N. peacekeepers in marked trucks . View or add to CNN 's database of missing persons in Haiti Gupta -- assisted by other CNN staffers , security personnel and at least one Haitian nurse who refused to leave -- assessed the needs of the 25 patients , but there was little they could do without supplies . More people , some in critical condition , were trickling in late Friday . "  I 've never been in a situation like this . This is quite ridiculous , " Gupta said . With a dearth of medical facilities in Haiti 's capital , ambulances had nowhere else to take patients , some of whom had suffered severe trauma -- amputations and head injuries -- under the rubble . Others had suffered a great deal of blood loss , but there were no blood supplies left at the clinic . Gupta feared that some would not survive the night . He and the others stayed with the injured all night , after the medical team had left and after the generators gave out and the tents turned pitch black . Gupta monitored patients ' vital signs , administered painkillers and continued intravenous drips . He stabilized three new patients in critical condition . At 3:45 a.m. , he posted a message on Twitter : "  pulling all nighter at haiti field hosp . lots of work , but all patients stable . turned my crew into a crack med team tonight . " Are you in Haiti and safe ? Share your photos He said the Belgian doctors did not want to leave their patients behind but were ordered out by the United Nations , which sent buses to transport them . "  There is concern about riots not far from here -- and this is part of the problem , " Gupta said . There have been scattered reports of violence throughout the capital . "  What is striking to me as a physician is that patients who just had surgery , patients who are critically ill , are essentially being left here , nobody to care for them , " Gupta said . Sandra Pierre , a Haitian who has been helping at the makeshift hospital , said the medical staff took most of the supplies with them . "  All the doctors , all the nurses are gone , " she said . "  They are expected to be back tomorrow . They had no plan on leaving tonight . It was an order that came suddenly . " She told Gupta , "  It 's just you . " A 7.0 magnitude earthquake flattened Haiti 's capital city Tuesday afternoon , affecting as many as 3 million people as it fanned out across the island nation . Tens of thousands of people are feared dead . Haiti , the poorest nation in the Western hemisphere , lacked adequate medical resources even before the disaster and has been struggling this week to tend to huge numbers of injured . The clinic , set up under several tents , was a godsend to the few who were lucky to have been brought there . Retired Army Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , who led relief efforts for Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , said the evacuation of the clinic 's medical staff was unforgivable . "  Search and rescue must trump security , " Honor said . "  I 've never seen anything like this before in my life . They need to man up and get back in there . " Honor drew parallels between the tragedy in New Orleans , Louisiana , and in Port-au-Prince . But even in the chaos of Katrina , he said , he had never seen medical staff walk away . "  I find this astonishing these doctors left , " he said . "  People are scared of the poor . " CNN 's Justine Redman , Danielle Dellorto and John Bonifield contributed to this report .	NEW : Belgian team chief says he decided to leave when U.N. could not provide security Doctors and nurses return to field hospital Saturday morning The only doctor present overnight was CNN 's Sanjay Gupta Team has security in place and plans to stay Saturday night
When we last saw South Carolina Congressman Francis Underwood on Netflix 's "  House of Cards , " he was being offered an appointment to the vice presidency of the United States . How much trouble can that cause ? Given what Underwood did in the first season of the show , probably more than anybody anticipates . Do n't expect him to be the glad-handing , funeral-attending type of VP ; Underwood is more likely to be holding a knife or two , the better to stab people in the back -- or , if it 's necessary , in the front . "  House of Cards , " which helped establish Netflix as an original programmer -- rather than those folks who send you DVDs in red envelopes -- returns Friday for its second season . Like the first , it will be available for download all at once , which may mean that a lot of Valentine 's Day dinners grow cold while fans binge on watching 13 straight episodes . As the second season begins , Kevin Spacey 's Underwood reveals that the vice presidency wo n't change his cold , pragmatic cardiac muscle . "  One heartbeat away from the presidency and not a single vote cast in my name , " he says at his swearing-in . "  Democracy is so overrated . " ` He believes ideology is a form of weakness ' It 's a long way from the beginning of the first season , when Underwood was denied his desired job as secretary of state . But in a long-running game of "  do n't get mad , get even , " Underwood -- with help from Doug Stamper , his subtly brutal chief of staff  Michael Kelly  ; Claire , his devoted and equally conniving lobbyist wife  Robin Wright  ; and Zoe Barnes , a pliable , ambitious reporter  Kate Mara  -- managed to knock down his obstacles and maneuver his way up the Washington food chain . If a few bodies were left in his wake -- figuratively and , in one case , literally -- well , the ends justify the means . As Underwood noted in the very first episode as he put a wounded dog out of its misery , "  I have no patience for useless things . " But that 's not to say that Underwood does n't also want to make the system work . In an interview last fall with CNN , showrunner Beau Willimon explained that Underwood , at heart , is "  an optimist , " though he understands the darker view . ` House of Cards ' creator Willimon plays a solid hand "  Where I think people mistake his optimism for cynicism is that he 's unapologetically self-interested . He believes ideology is a form of weakness -- a form of cowardice , " Willimon said . The writer and producer observes that one of the character 's models is Lyndon Johnson , known for his shrewd knowledge of the legislative process both as a senator and as president . Willimon added that "  House of Cards " is n't necessarily a show about politics , despite its Washington setting . It 's a show about power -- in all its manifestations . "  That power is displayed in our love lives , or our work environments , the way we comport ourselves when randomness brushes up against us , " he says . And , he adds , power can be more useful than money : "  Power has no limits if you 're willing to go far enough in order to get as much of it as you can . " ` Mr. Macbeth Goes to Washington ' ? Naturally , Willimon and his stars have been tight-lipped about how far Underwood will take things in a show The Kansas City Star nicknamed "  Mr. Macbeth Goes to Washington . " Trailers and tidbits , however , offer some tantalizing hints . There 's a suggestion that Underwood could be implicated in a murder investigation . Perhaps Barnes might be locating her ethics . A New York Times Magazine profile of Willimon mentioned a "  super-duper-double-major spoiler . " And Underwood appears headed for a showdown with wealthy industrialist -- and fellow power broker -- Raymond Tusk  Gerald McRaney  , a friend of the president . Just as intriguing is the future of Underwood 's wife , Claire . In the first season 's early episodes , she seemed more troubled by unethical behavior than her husband ; after all , she was a lobbyist for environmental issues . But that changed as she found her own livelihood threatened . In this , she is much like her husband , said Wright . "  She is a pragmatist in the art of war , " the actress told The New York Times . However the second season concludes , "  House of Cards " has already been a winner . Netflix spent $ 100 million to produce the show 's first two seasons . In return , the show was nominated for eight Emmy awards last fall , winning three , and Netflix 's subscriber base and stock price have both hit new highs . The service has quickly become a major player for original programming , with last summer 's "  Orange Is the New Black " also earning raves . The company recently renewed "  House of Cards " for a third season . In the meantime , one can only wonder whether a better Shakespearean parallel for Underwood is "  Othello 's " Iago , dropping poisoned hints in the president 's ear . All Willimon will promise is the show will hold on to its darkness . "  There are people who do n't like the level of darkness , who find the characters unsympathetic , " he told the Times Magazine . "  And we need to own that . "	"  House of Cards " returns for second season on Friday Show stars Kevin Spacey as conniving congressman -- now one step from White House Show is less about Washington politics than about power , says creator
CNN  -- America 's economy has the potential to transform lives like no other force on Earth , but too often in recent years we have seen Washington act as an anchor . And while CEOs and presidents may generate the business headlines , an over-involved federal government hurts employees and those looking for jobs across the entire spectrum . As someone who grew up in poverty , watching his single mother work 16-hour days to provide as much as she possibly could for us , I have lived the power of the American Dream . With help from my mom and my mentor , I learned that I did n't have to be an entertainer or an athlete to achieve my goals ; I could think my way out of poverty . I realized the power of education , and the incredible opportunities provided by free markets . Sen. Cory Booker : Finishing our nation 's unfinished business My fear is that too many folks these days are n't given the chance to see the greatness that resides within them . Over the past 50 years , we 've seen the War on Poverty struggle in its core mission -- to help lift folks up . It 's time for a change , so I have introduced my Opportunity Agenda . A significant part of my Opportunity Agenda is focused on job-training efforts . There are 4 million open jobs across the country right now -- jobs that are unfilled because of a skills gap in the work force . This in spite of the fact there are 35 federal work-force development programs . My SKILLS Act , which the House has already passed thanks to the efforts of Rep. Virginia Foxx , R-North Carolina , would cut through the bureaucratic maze and mountains of red tape that hinder these programs . We 'll create one Workforce Investment Fund , cutting waste and duplication out while ensuring more dollars are used for their actual purpose -- job training . President Barack Obama signaled that Vice President Joe Biden would be looking at job-training programs this year -- I eagerly await their call to discuss my proposal . I am also working on a proposal to create opportunity zones across America to tie some of the tax dollars coming out of our low-income communities to the community itself in order to rebuild infrastructure and lift those areas up . In my time on county council in Charleston County , this concept was referred to as Tax Increment Financing  TIF  districts , and I see great potential in this concept at the federal level . It is not enough to simply rebuild , or as some would call it gentrify , our tougher neighborhoods -- we have to provide the opportunity to the folks living there already to take part in a brighter future . Population shifting is n't fixing the problem , it is simply moving it somewhere else . So instead of overtaxing and overregulating , I see a future where the government cuts out waste and duplication , and gives all Americans the chance to realize their full potential . As I travel throughout South Carolina , be it speaking with a local chamber of commerce , or a group of pastors , or working at a burrito store for a morning  verdict : my own skills with a broom could stand some polishing  , my constituents are very clear : They do n't want a handout , just a hand up . It is n't the federal government 's responsibility to guarantee outcomes . It is , however , our responsibility to make sure that a better future is possible if people want it . Opportunity knocks for all of us at some point . My hope is that Washington does n't get in the way of folks answering . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Tim Scott .	Sen. Tim Scott : The War on Poverty has struggled to fulfill its mission Scott is working on a proposal to create opportunity zones across America Scott : Instead of overregulating , government should cut out waste , duplication Scott : It is n't the federal government 's responsibility to guarantee outcomes
CNN  -- Lotus driver Kimi Raikkonen stormed to a red-hot Abu Dhabi Grand Prix victory on Sunday , but the ice-cool Finn refused to get carried away following his first Formula One win in over three years . Championship leader Sebastian Vettel and archrival Fernando Alonso were both vying for points in the race for the drivers ' title , but it was the 2007 world champion Raikkonen who finally delivered the grand prix win his 2012 form had threatened . The former Ferrari driver , who left the sport in 2009 and spent time in NASCAR and rally before returning to F1 with Lotus at the start of this season , admitted it was satisfying to prove he could still cut it at the front of the grid . "  To be honest it 's just another win on the list for me , " the 33-year-old told the sport 's official website following the 19th win of his career and his first since the 2009 Belgian Grand Prix . Latest F1 standings after Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Raikkonen has quickly readjusted to life in the cockpit . He sits third in the drivers ' championship behind Red Bull 's Vettel and Alonso of Ferrari having registered six podium finishes prior to his triumph at the Yas Marina Circuit . Raikkonen made his F1 debut in 2001 and is a veteran of 154 races starts . Despite his wealth of experience , the one-time McLaren driver admitted it was good to silence those who questioned whether his best days were behind him . "  It 's great of course , because it 's been a few years , but the wins prior to this one were very similar , " he continued . "  We did n't have the best car , but we fought and still won . "  It 's great to win now , so people will stop asking me if I can win or not , and at least it makes it a bit clearer ! " However Raikkonen knows a poor performance at the inaugural U.S. Grand Prix on November 17 will render his exploits in Abu Dhabi meaningless in the eyes of his critics . "  I never cared really what people think , " he said . "  If I do n't finish the next race , then they 'll think that I 'm as bad as that race . "  I 'll just do my thing , and if I 'm happy with what I 'm doing and it 's the best it can be for the team , then that 's that . So I really do n't care if people are thinking differently of me now , than what they did three hours before the race . "	Kimi Raikkonen plays down his win at Sunday 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix The win was the Finn 's first since the 2009 Belgian Grand Prix Raikkonen won the world championship with Ferrari in 2007 The 33-year-old is third in the 2012 drivers ' standings with 198 points
CNN  Police officer and former U.S. Army Ranger John Moynihan was honored at the White House less than a year ago as one of the nation 's "  Top Cops " for helping to save a transit officer wounded in a gunbattle with the Boston Marathon bombers . On Saturday , Moynihan , 34 , was in a medically induced coma at a Boston hospital after being shot in the face at point-blank range in the city 's Roxbury neighborhood the night before . The gunman was shot and killed . "  He 's a strong kid , " Police Commissioner William Evans told reporters . "  He 's a fighter . He 's going to pull through . " On Sunday , after several hours of surgery to remove the bullet from his neck , Moynihan , who had been listed in critical condition , was in stable and improving condition , according to a Twitter posting by the Boston Police Department . A six-year police veteran and member of the youth violence task force , Moynihan was shot below the right eye . The bullet lodged behind his right ear , Evans said . In April 2013 , Moynihan was among officers who helped save transit officer Richard H. Donohue Jr. , who was shot during a gunfight involving Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in the days after the marathon bombings . Police fired nearly 300 rounds within five to 10 minutes . One round nearly killed Donohue . Moynihan and other Massachusetts officers were cited for their "  heroic and relentless " life-saving measures on Donohue , who nearly lost his entire blood volume on the Watertown street . An officer pressed against Donuhue 's chest . Another forced air into his lungs . The wound near his groin was too high for a tourniquet . A 33-year police veteran , Donohue was pale and appeared dead as four officers laid him on a gurney . "  He was essentially dead , " said Dr. Heather Studley , who took over his care at Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed that night ; his younger brother is on trial now in a federal death penalty case in Boston . At a White House ceremony last May , President Barack Obama honored Moynihan and 52 other officers as "  America 's Top Cops . " "  There are officers here who were in the thick of two attacks last year : the shooting at the Washington Naval Yard and the bombing at the Boston Marathon , " Obama said at the time . "  On those awful days -- and we all remember them -- amid the smoke and the chaos , the courage of these officers shone through . And their quick thinking and level-headedness undoubtedly saved lives . " In a statement Saturday , Donohue wished Moynihan a full recovery , reported CNN affiliate WCVB . "  John played a part in saving my life , and that 's something I will never forget , " Donohue said . "  His record of service speaks for itself . Everyone is wishing him well and we know he has the strength to pull through . " At 6:40 p.m. Friday , Moynihan and other officers pulled over a car in an area where gunshots had been reported earlier , Evans said . The primary job of the task force , also known as the gang unit , is to remove guns from the streets . Six officers in separate cars , sirens blaring , were involved in the traffic stop , which was captured by surveillance cameras in the area . Moynihan walked up to the driver 's side door . A man started to step out . "  Without provocation , as the driver is getting out ... you can see his right arm come up point-blank and shot officer Moynihan right below the eye , " Evans said . Evans described the officers approach as "  very low key " and said they were n't "  even close to having their guns out . " After shooting Moynihan , the suspect ran , turned around and fired at the other officers -- emptying his .357 Magnum , according to Evans . Evans said a middle-aged woman was who driving by at the time suffered a flesh wound in the right arm . She was not identified . The shooter , identified as 41-year-old Angelo West , was shot and killed . Evans said West had several prior gun convictions . Two passengers in the car were arrested on unrelated charges involving an outstanding warrant and a probation violation . "  None of our officers like to use their firearms , " Evans said . "  It 's probably the worst thing we have to do in our profession , but here , clearly unprovoked , one of our officers is shot point-blank in the face . " At a news conference , Evans and local leaders sought to allay community concerns at a time when officer-involved shootings have led to protests throughout the nation . Moynihan is white ; West was black . "  Our officers did what they had to do , " the police commissioner said . The Rev. Mark Scott of the Black Ministerial Alliance of Greater Boston said Moynihan was shot "  assassination-style . " He called for calm in the predominantly black Roxbury section . "  This is not about ` Black Lives Matter , ' " he said , referring to a protest movement that emerged after the shootings . "  It 's about all-the-lives-in-the-community matter and it 's about the police ... responding to a concern from the community . " Evans said 1,071 guns were taken off the streets in Boston in 2014 , with the youth violence task force and other units helping to seize more than 700 . Moynihan is a decorated Army Ranger with stints in Iraq from 2005 to 2008 , according to the police department . He won the Boston Police Department 's Medal of Honor in 2014 . His girlfriend and family have been at his bedside . CNN 's Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	Bullet is successfully removed from officer 's neck during several hours of surgery Boston Police Officer John Moynihan was shot during a traffic stop Moynihan helped save transit officer wounded after Boston Marathon bombing
New York  CNN  -- Former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik arrived at the federal prison in Cumberland , Maryland , Monday to begin a 48-month prison sentence , prison authorities said . Kerik reported to the medium-security facility , which houses some 500 inmates , at approximately 1 p.m. ET , authorities said . Kerik -- nominated by President George Bush in 2004 to be homeland security adviser , only to later withdraw from consideration -- was sentenced to four years in prison last February . He pleaded guilty to charges including lying to Bush administration officials during his 2004 nomination . Ed Ross , a spokesman for the Federal Bureau of Prisons , said Kerik will be expected to perform a number of manual jobs including plumbing , landscaping and food service at the prison , which also has a minimum security camp . On the eve of his imprisonment , Kerik maintained his prosecution was unjust , and said he had to prepare his two daughters , ages 7 and 10 , for his departure . "  Words can not express my disappointment in the prosecutors and the judge 's behavior , and his sentence that followed , " Kerik wrote on his blog Sunday . "  I have repeatedly expressed remorse for what I may have done , however , unlike many , I ca n't remain silent in the face of what I believe has been a gross injustice , which I pray will be remedied by an appellate court . " He said he made his two daughters watch the movie "  Rocky Balboa " for the scene in which Sylvester Stallone 's character tells his son that the world can be an unfair place but one has to persevere . "  As I prepare to serve my sentence , I have had to likewise prepare Angelina and Celine , my 7 - and 10-year-old daughters for what is next to come , and had to teach them that there are times when we are put in situations which are beyond our control and that no matter how undeserved , unsought , or unwanted , we must find the strength , courage , and perseverance to carry on and move forward . " Kerik , 54 , pleaded guilty in November to tax fraud and six other felonies . He has been under house arrest in Franklin Lakes , New Jersey , since then . In court papers , prosecutors said Kerik denied to a White House official that there was "  any possible concern " about his relationships with contractors involved in renovating his apartment or that he had any financial dealings with prospective city contractors . Kerik had been scheduled to go to trial on various corruption charges , including allegations that he received and concealed benefits of about $ 255,000 in renovations to his Riverdale , New York , apartment from a company seeking to do business with the city of New York . He pleaded guilty to that charge and several tax-related counts in November . Kerik was New York police commissioner from 1998 to 2002 , a tenure that included the September 11 , 2001 , attacks that destroyed the World Trade Center and killed more than 2,700 people . He spent a brief stint in Iraq training the country 's police force after the U.S. invasion in 2003 , and President Bush nominated him to be homeland security secretary in 2004 . However , Kerik withdrew from consideration after allegations surfaced that he had employed a nanny with a murky immigration status . In 2006 , he pleaded guilty to accepting tens of thousands of dollars in gifts while working as city corrections commissioner . Under his plea agreement , he paid $ 221,000 in fines and avoided jail time . His admission dogged the 2008 presidential campaign of his longtime patron , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who said his endorsement of Kerik had been "  a mistake . " Kerik made an unsuccessful appeal for clemency to Bush in 2008 , according to court papers released in October . Kerik 's sentence exceeded the 27 - to 33-month prison term recommended by federal prosecutors . "  With great power comes great responsibility and comes great consequences , " said U.S. District Judge Stephen Robinson during the sentencing on February 18 . Kerik ended his blog post Sunday , saying : "  Finally , I can only hope that history will judge me based on my 30 years of public service to our great nation , and not by tabloid headlines , my imperfections , or the mistakes that I may have made . "	NEW : Ex-New York police commissioner turns himself in to begin 4-year sentence He pleaded guilty to lying to Bush officials , tax fraud Kerik was nominated to be homeland security secretary in 2004 , withdrew Calls conviction ` gross injustice , which I pray will be remedied ' on appeal '
CNN  -- Within the last month , our country has witnessed two senseless , high-profile acts of criminal violence that would have been labeled terrorism if brown-skinned Arab Muslim men with foreign-sounding names had committed them . Because two white men committed these acts of violence , however , our political and media chattering class never used the word "  terrorism " in its discussions . Most recently , John Patrick Bedell , a 36-year-old man from California , walked up to two security guards outside the Pentagon Metro station in suburban Washington and started shooting . He was then shot and killed . According to The Christian Science Monitor , Bedell appeared "  to have been a right-wing extremist with virulent anti-government feelings " and also battled mental illness before his shooting rampage . A few weeks ago , on February 18 , another white anti-government extremist named Joseph Stack flew his small airplane into an Internal Revenue Service building in Austin , Texas , killing two people and injuring 13 others . According to media reports , Stack had left behind a disjointed suicide letter in which he expressed his hatred of our American government and outlined grievances with the IRS , chillingly stating that "  violence not only is the answer ; it is the only answer . " Both the Pentagon Metro and IRS attacks come at a time of "  explosive growth in -LSB- domestic -RSB- extremist-group activism across the United States , " according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . A recently released law center report showed so-called patriot groups -- steeped in anti-government conspiracy theories -- grew from 149 in 2008 to 512 in 2009 -- a 244 percent increase that the Southern Poverty Law Center report judged to be an "  astonishing " rise in the one-year period since President Obama took the oath of office . The number of these groups that are domestic extremist paramilitary militias grew from 42 in 2008 to 127 in 2009 , the report said . Even so , for any reasonable observer who is still skeptical about labeling the recent Pentagon area shooting and IRS attack terrorism , keep one thing in mind : Let us imagine that these Pentagon and IRS attacks had been committed by an olive-skinned Arab Muslim man named Ali Muhammad . Our national media and political commentators would have wasted little time in calling both of these acts terrorism , and some might have also called for the closings of other IRS and federal government office buildings around the country as a necessary counter-terrorism safety precaution . Instead , shortly after the IRS plane attack , some prominent media commentators immediately asked why people -- especially conservatives on the right -- were not calling the IRS attacker a terrorist . "  If this had been done by a brownish-looking Muslim guy whose suicide note paralleled Islamist political themes , " wrote media commentator Matthew Yglesias , then right-wingers would "  demand that anyone who refused to label the attack ` terrorism ' be put up on treason charges . " In a recent piece , Robert Wright , of the New America Foundation , wrote : "  In common usage , a ` terrorist ' is someone who attacks in the name of a political cause and aims to spread terror -- to foster fear that such attacks will be repeated until grievances are addressed . " Following suit , the IRS attacker 's suicide manifesto before his aerial kamikaze attack reads in part : "  I know there have been countless before me and there are sure to be as many after ... I can only hope that the numbers quickly get too big to be whitewashed and ignored " -- at which point , God willing , -- "  the American zombies wake up and revolt . " If this same above-mentioned suicide letter had been instead written by an Arab Muslim man named Ali Muhammad right before crashing his airplane into an IRS building , most of the right-wing blogosphere would instantaneously erupt with screaming headlines of another act of Muslim terrorism . Because Theodore Kaczynski , the Unabomber ; Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh ; Atlanta , Georgia , Olympic bomber Eric Rudolph ; the Pentagon shooter and IRS attacker were all white men motivated by their respective ideologies , surprisingly , the term "  terrorism " has never seemed to stick to any of them . To prove my point even further , the recently indicted American woman Colleen LaRose , who called herself "  Jihad Jane , " can rightfully be termed a wanna-be terrorist . But why does this not apply to other white extremists ? If our nation is truly conducting a " war on terror " and not a "  war on Islam , " it is our duty as Americans of all colors , political persuasions and nationalities to condemn and distance ourselves from all acts of terrorism , regardless of the race or religion of those who commit violent acts in the name of extreme ideology . Simply put , terrorism is terrorism , whether it is committed by a white , black or brown person anywhere in the world . If we as a nation fail to adequately condemn all acts of terrorism equally , the only clear message that we will be sending to the rest of the world is that the word "  terrorist " applies only to those with olive skin and foreign-sounding last names . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arsalan Iftikhar .	Arsalan Iftikhar : Imagine if recent violent acts had been committed by Arab Muslim men White man Joseph Stack flew plane into IRS building ; another shot Pentagon guards , he writes Iftikhar : Outcry would ensue if Muslim left note calling violence "  the only answer , " as Stack did Terrorism is terrorism , whether it is committed by a white , black or brown person , he says
CNN  -- Jillian Michaels just returned to "  The Biggest Loser " in 2013 , but she 's already exiting the series once again . Back in June , NBC confirmed that Michaels , a longtime celebrity trainer with the reality weight loss competition , would not be returning in the fall for season 16 . Michaels ' participation with the series has been an on-and-off relationship , as she 's left and rejoined the program twice since it started in 2004 . While prior departures either went unexplained or had to do with her family , the 40-year-old mom of two gave a different reason this time around . ` Biggest Loser ' winner : Too thin ? "  I do n't want fans to think I feel like I 'm too big for the show or that I 'm seeking greener pastures . I 'm so grateful to the show and so sad to leave , " she told People magazine . "  T  here were some fundamental differences  with the show 's producers  that have existed for a while . " Many have wondered whether Michaels is leaving because of the controversy with the most recent "  Biggest Loser " winner , 24-year-old Rachel Frederickson , whose 155-pound weight loss left Michaels and her celebrity trainer co-star , Bob Harper , visibly shocked during the final reveal . But Michaels points to another issue she had : the way the show chose to portray her character . "  In the beginning of the show , it was tough love . You saw the tough , and you saw the love , " she told People magazine . But lately , from her perspective , viewers saw "  none of the relationships ,  and  none of the bonds that I build with my clients . " The impact of her TV persona was starting to affect her family , and Michaels felt at the end of Frederickson 's season , she needed to "  take a hard look at my work , " she told the magazine . "  I came to the conclusion that moving forward , I need to be able to have an impact on the outcome of what I do . " So when "  The Biggest Loser " returns on September 11 , it 'll be down one tough-loving trainer but will have added two new faces : NBC has announced that Jessie Pavelka and Jennifer Widerstrom will be the fitness buffs joining Harper and another returning trainer , Dolvett Quince .	Jillian Michaels has left "  The Biggest Loser " again She says she wanted more control over her image She felt there had been changes in the way the show 's produced Her TV persona was starting to adversely affect her family
CNN  -- The flood-engorged Susquehanna River was beginning to crest late Thursday in some Pennsylvania and New York cities , while other communities braced for still higher water levels . Thousands evacuated their homes as the remnants of Tropical Storm Lee moved across already sodden portions of the Northeast , triggering near-historic flooding and leaving at least three people dead . In Luzerne County , in the northeastern part of Pennsylvania , between 65,000 and 70,000 people were ordered to leave their homes as the Susquehanna rose above flood stage , according to Emergency Management Coordinator Stephen Bekanich . The levee system was holding late Thursday in Wilkes-Barre , the county seat , a few hours before the river was to crest . As of 9:45 p.m. ET Thursday , the Susquehanna was at 38.83 feet at Wilkes-Barre . Flood stage is 22 feet , according to the National Weather Service.The valley has a levee system that tops out at 41 feet , and the river was projected to crest just shy of that Friday morning , near 40.7 feet , according to Drew McLaughlin , a spokesman for the Wilkes-Barre mayor 's office . McLaughlin and other officials were examining the levees . "  We 're closely monitoring , and it seems they are holding steady , " he said . A river gate near the Market Street Bridge was leaking late Thursday , but sandbags and other repairs were keeping it in check , with some minor street flooding in the area , according to McLaughlin . "  It 's pretty much a ghost town , " McLaughlin said from south downtown , adding that residents appeared to heed the call to leave . Other Luzerne County communities not protected by the system were not so fortunate . Heavy flooding was reported in West Pittston , Harding and Plymouth Township . "  At this point , we have n't been able to assess that  flooding and damage  because the water is so high , " Bekanich said . Plymouth Township resident Francis Federici was forced to leave his home , which sat in 5-foot floodwaters . "  On a normal day , we love it here , " he said . "  There 's nobody around us . We have a beautiful yard . We were fixing our home up . " "  The rise of the river is so tremendous , we put out a request to volunteers to assist in sandbagging operations , " Bekanich said . "  We 're getting more and more alarmed as the day progresses , " said Luzerne County Commissioner Maryanne Petrilla , who said the river is now forecast to crest between midnight Thursday and 2 a.m. Friday . Shelter space for 4,100 was rapidly being filled , and the county was looking for more space , Petrilla told CNN . The area from Ithaca to Syracuse to Utica , in New York , and from Wilkes-Barre , Scranton , to Monticello , in Pennsylvania , continued to experience major to record flooding , CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . A 71-year-old man died Wednesday night in Derry Township , Pennsylvania , as he was bailing water out of the basement of his home and the walls of the structure caved in , said Chief Patrick O'Rourke of Derry Township Police . A second person drowned early Thursday near Brickerville in Lancaster County , CNN affiliate WGAL-TV reported . A third person died about 4:30 a.m. Thursday in North Lebanon Township , Pennsylvania , police said . A motorist became stranded in high water and was outside the vehicle when struck by another vehicle , which then left the scene . The suspect and that vehicle were found , authorities said . Elizabethtown , Pennsylvania , had received an incredible 15.37 inches of rainfall associated with Lee . P&J Pizza , which escaped flooding , did a brisk business Thursday because so many residents could n't use their kitchens , said employee Sarah Bellia . Many recalled the flooding caused by Hurricane Agnes in 1972 . That storm dumped as much as 18 inches of rain on the area in two days , destroying more than 68,000 homes and 3,000 businesses and leaving 220,000 Pennsylvanians homeless . In Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania , CNN iReporter Nick Bohacz said flooded roads prevented him from getting to work . Bohacz , who sent in several photos of the flooding , said he saw a line of people outside a hardware store waiting for supplies . Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , and other towns wo n't see a river crest until later Friday . The rising Susquehanna and Chenango rivers were also triggering evacuations in upstate New York , where evacuation orders were issued for portions of Binghamton and the towns of Conklin , Endicott , Johnson City , Union and Vestal , according to CNN affiliate YNN-TV . Numerous cities and counties declared a state of emergency . Video from Johnson City showed a flooded shopping mall and a football field with water nearly up to its goalposts . "  This is a major flooding situation , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference . "  This is nothing to trifle with . " He said he believes flooding will reach historic levels . "  By the time it looks that bad , you wo n't be able to leave , " he said . Water was coming over the floodwalls in Binghamton , county spokeswoman Colleen Wagner said . About 15,000 people were ordered to evacuate , and about 1,400 were in shelters , she said . State officials sent in food and water . A number of boat rescues have taken place , she said , but she did not know how many . The Susquehanna later Thursday crested at 25.71 feet . Broome County Emergency Services Director Brett Chellis urged people in the evacuation areas to leave and not return for now . Water was topping flood walls in Union and Vestal as well as Binghamton , he said . In Otego , New York , about 50 miles northeast of Binghamton , CNN iReporter Don Wyckoff captured footage of water cascading down a road . Wyckoff said he was stunned after watching neighbors and family members lose their homes to the floodwaters . "  You are seeing the tiny mill creek rip out culvert pipes and tearing away roads , " he said . "  We never thought we would see this again . It happened in 2006 , but it is worse now . " In Oneonta , on the Susquehanna upstream of Binghamton , Police Chief Gary O'Neill said some roads were washed out and parks flooded , but the water appeared to be receding . On the down side , water was flooding the chief 's home in Binghamton . Mandatory evacuations were also in place for low-lying areas near Schenectady , New York , YNN said . In neighboring Montgomery County , authorities closed all roads and county buildings until further notice , saying only emergency vehicles would be allowed to travel . The New York State Thruway Authority opened and closed several roads and ramps . In Maryland , areas near Baltimore were also affected . High water blocked dozens of roads in Baltimore County , according to CNN affiliate WMAR-TV . In Anne Arundel County , Maryland , crews found a 49-year-old man in floodwaters , CNN affiliate WBL reported . The man died at a hospital . The circumstances of his death were not clear Thursday evening . Port Deposit , Maryland , about 45 miles northeast of Baltimore along the Susquehanna , ordered an evacuation of the town 's 800 residents by 8 p.m. Thursday . The Prince George 's County , Maryland , Fire and EMS Department said it was responding to numerous emergency calls , and nearly two dozen people had been rescued or helped by firefighters and the department 's swift-water team . Because the system is slow-moving , "  I 'm afraid it 's going to get worse before it gets better , " CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said . Several rounds of heavy rain are in store for much of the region the next couple of days , with an additional 2 to 6 inches forecast -- and in isolated cases as much as 10 inches , according to the National Weather Service . The rain comes on top of the heavy precipitation that has fallen in the region from Irene . What 's left of Lee has stalled across the central Appalachian Mountains . Rainfall totals through 2 p.m. Thursday included 11.66 inches in Waldorf , Maryland ; 8.23 inches at Andrews Air Force Base , Maryland ; 9.55 inches in Phillipsburg , New Jersey ; 10.08 inches in Binghamton ; 14.7 inches in Pine Grove , Pennsylvania ; 13.3 inches in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , according to the National Weather Service 's Hydrometeorological Prediction Center . CNN 's Sarah Dillingham , Ines Ferre , Mary Snow , Scott Thompson and Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	Susquehanna River begins to crest in Pennsylvania , New York state Storm brought 15.37 inches of rain to Elizabethtown , Pennsylvania Susquehanna River nearly 17 feet above flood stage near Wilkes-Barre Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , officials say they believe levees will hold
CNN  -- The hotel that will be home to President-elect Barack Obama and his family for the next couple of weeks offers one of Washington 's best views of their future home , the White House , and a past linked with political movers and shakers . The Obama family will check into the historic Hay-Adams hotel in Washington this weekend . The Obamas will be moving into the Hay-Adams hotel this weekend , aides say . They 're doing this in part so that the family 's daughters , Sasha and Malia , can begin school when classes reconvene after winter break . They had hoped to move earlier into nearby Blair House , which presidents-elect traditionally occupy five days before moving into the White House . But the Bush administration said the house , which is used as a guest house for visiting dignitaries , already had events scheduled there and guests who could not be displaced . The Obamas will move into Blair House on January 15 . According to its Web site , the Hay-Adams takes its name from past residents of the site -- one of whom had close ties with Obama 's favorite U.S. president , Abraham Lincoln . John Hay , a private assistant to Lincoln and later secretary of state , and Henry Adams , an author and descendent of presidents John Adams and John Quincy Adams , both lived on the site the hotel now occupies . The two , their wives and geologist Clarence King were a group of friends that dubbed themselves "  The Five of Hearts , " going so far as to have china and stationary letterhead printed with the nickname . In 1884 , Hay and Adams bought adjoining lots at the corner of 16th and H Streets , and their homes became Washington 's leading salons . Their discussions of politics , literature , science and art attracted the likes of Theodore Roosevelt , Mark Twain and author Henry James . The homes were bought and razed in 1927 , with the Italian Renaissance-style Hay-Adams House erected in their place at a cost of $ 900,000 . It was bought by the Ieu family of Japan in 1989 and was closed from October 2001 to March 2002 , during which time it underwent a $ 20 million renovation . Watch more about the Obamas ' temporary home " The hotel sits across Lafayette Square from the White House . It has 145 guest units , including 21 suites . Its Web site advertises rooms with unobstructed views of the White House , St. John 's Church and the square . Local legend holds that Henry Adams ' wife , Clover , committed suicide in 1885 and now haunts the hotel . The story goes that she appears most frequently in December on the hotel 's fourth floor . The Hay-Adams ' roof is frequently used by film crews when an aerial view of the White House is needed .	Obamas will stay in Hay-Adams for a couple of weeks until Blair House is ready Storied hotel offers fabulous views of their future home , the White House Hotel built on site of two homes that were part of D.C. 's salon culture in late 1800s Legend says it 's haunted ; it underwent major renovations several years ago
A yellow jumpsuit worn by martial arts legend Bruce Lee in one of his final fight scenes fetched HK$ 780,000  $ 100,500  at auction on Thursday . The famous outfit was one of 14 items in a collection of the actor 's personal belongings and props that went under the hammer in Hong Kong . The sale fetched a total of more than HK$ 2 million  $ 258,000  -- double the auction house 's estimate . The costume , which features black stripes , was sold to an anonymous online bidder who purchased a total of six pieces . It 's one of only two jumpsuits worn by Lee during filming of the movie , "  Game of Death , " and has inspired tributes in popular culture ranging from Quentin Tarantino 's "  Kill Bill " to the ninth video game in the "  Grand Theft Auto " series . Wooden nunchaku  also known as nunchuks  used in the central fighting sequence in "  Game of Death " went to a British investment manager , George Philips , for HK$ 540,000  $ 69,000  . A green bamboo whip from the same film sold for HK$ 96,000  $ 12,000  . The auction marked the first time these pieces have been offered in Hong Kong , according to Anna Lee , vice-chairperson of Spink auction house , which sold the items on behalf of an unnamed collector in the U.S. film industry . All the lots came with a certificate of authenticity signed by members of Bruce Lee 's family and friends , who inherited the items in 1973 after Lee 's sudden death at the age of 32 . Lee gave most pieces to his former student , Taky Kimura , and to George Lee -- a close friend who made many of the actor 's fighting props . A jade pendant , which sold for HK$ 156,000  $ 20,000  , came from his brother , Robert . Bruce Lee designed and ordered the piece from one of Hong Kong 's oldest jewelers just months before his death . "  He did n't get to see it because he passed away , " Spink 's Lee said . After the kung fu star 's death , his brother went to the jeweler , Chow Sang Sang , and paid for the piece , which features two opposing dragons in white and yellow gold , taking it into his possession . While Lee is known as one of the world 's greatest martial arts practitioners , he had many artistic talents including drawing , poetry and cha cha dancing . Two hand-drawn pieces were also part of the Hong Kong sale , including a sketch of Chinese master monk believed to be a conceptual character for "  The Green Bamboo Warrior , " a movie project Lee was working on at the time of his death . The lot went for HK$ 66,000  $ 8,500  . The other was an illustration of his teachings on water 's flexible nature as an underlying principle of his martial arts philosophy , jeet kune do , which fetched HK$ 78,000  $ 10,000  . Signed copies of a karate training book and a commemorative brochure , as well as a pair of Lee 's kung fu shoes were among the other sale items . "  Bruce Lee is such an icon in Hong Kong . He personally kind of started this kung fu frenzy in the world way before Jackie Chan , " said Lee at Spink . "  Although he was born in the United States , his roots were definitely in Hong Kong . " "  He loved to write poems , he loved to draw ; he was so cultural apart from being a kung fu star . He is definitely a legend , " she said . Bruce Lee was born in San Francisco in 1940 but spent most of his childhood in Hong Kong after his parents returned to their hometown while Lee was an infant . He died after suffering an allergic reaction to pain medication in July 1973 , while filming of "  Game of Death " was still in progress . A version of the film was released five years later . The Spink auction was one of a series of events being held this year to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the star 's death .	A rare collection of Bruce Lee 's belongings sold for over $ 250,000 at auction The top sale item , a yellow-and-black jumpsuit went for $ 100,000 All 14 lots including weapons from his last film and hand-made drawings were sold
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Any attempt to pardon Mikhail Khodorkovsky -- once Russia 's richest man , now its most famous inmate -- must follow standard procedure , including an admission of guilt , the nation 's president said Sunday . Mikhail Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man , is imprisoned in a work camp 4,000 miles from Moscow . "  Concerning the possibility of a pardon for someone , Khodorkovsky or anyone else , the procedure has to be carried out in accordance with our country 's rules , " President Dmitry Medvedev said in a transcript on his Web site . "  In other words , a person must appeal to the president , plead guilty to having committed a crime and seek the appropriate resolution . " The president dismissed talks of a pardon , saying , "  at this point , there is nothing to discuss . " Khodorkovsky once headed the Yukos oil company , once Russia 's largest oil producer . He is serving a nine-year sentence for fraud and tax evasion . Medvedev described corruption as a "  very serious Russian disease " and emphasized the need to fight it . "  To this end , we have enacted a number of measures , including new legislation on corruption and special arrangements relating to government officials , their disclosures , declarations of income and so on , " he said . "  We are determined to continue this work , because we believe it is extremely important . " The former oil magnate is incarcerated in a work camp near the town of Krasnokamensk , 4,000 miles  6,500 kilometers  from his native Moscow . He has been imprisoned since his arrest in 2003 . Khodorkovsky had expressed a desire to run for office at the time and funded opposition political parties . He said the trial was part of a Kremlin campaign to destroy him and take the company he built from privatization deals of the 1990s . The Kremlin denied any role in his downfall . Yukos , which has since been crushed by a $ 27.5 billion back-tax bill , has been the object of a lengthy campaign by prosecutors and tax authorities . The court also ordered Khodorkovsky and his partner to pay about $ 600 million in back taxes .	There will be no favoritism for Mikhail Khodorkovsky , Russian leader says Former head of Yukos oil company serving nine years for fraud , tax evasion President says talks of a pardon are premature
Washington  CNN  -- The White House position on extraterrestrials is now clear : aliens have n't contacted Earth , but that does n't mean the U.S. government is n't looking for them . "  The U.S. government has no evidence that any life exists outside our planet , or that an extraterrestrial presence has contacted or engaged any member of the human race , " wrote Phil Larson of the White House Office of Science & Technology Policy in a blog post on the White House website . The response went on to say that even though there is no proof that life exists outside Earth , "  that does n't mean the subject of life outside our planet is n't being discussed or explored , " he said The petitions were submitted through "  We the People , " a White House initiative that promises a White House response to any petition that can garner 5,000 signatures in 30 days . This response by the White House satisfies the demands of two petitions , one of which garnered over 12,000 signatures . That petition called on the White House to "  formally acknowledge an extraterrestrial presence engaging the human race . " "  Hundreds of military and government agency witnesses have come forward with testimony confirming this extraterrestrial presence , " stated the petition . "  Opinion polls now indicate more than 50 % of the American people believe there is an extraterrestrial presence and more than 80 % believe the government is not telling the truth about this phenomenon . The people have a right to know . The people can handle the truth . " According to the White House , however , "  there is no credible information to suggest that any evidence is being hidden from the public 's eye . " But Larson indicated that a host of government agencies are working "  toward the goal of understanding if life can or does exist off Earth , " including the Mars Science Laboratory , SETI , the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence and Kepler , the NASA spacecraft . And even though the White House was clear that there is no credible evidence that aliens have contacted earth , Larson did point out that the odds are in favor of extraterrestrial existence , but not contact . "  Many scientists and mathematicians ... have come to the conclusion that the odds are pretty high that somewhere among the trillions and trillions of stars in the universe there is a planet other than ours that is home to life , " wrote Larson . "  However , that the odds of us making contact with any of them  $ " especially any intelligent ones  $ " are extremely small , given the distances involved . "	The White House says extraterrestrials have not contacted the human race The U.S. government says there 's no evidence of life outside our planet Thousands sign a petition asking for a government response on alien contact Many Americans believe in an extraterrestrial presence
CNN  -- Bubba Watson believes he can now challenge golf 's top stars after heading off three-time Masters champion Phil Mickelson for an emotional victory at Torrey Pines in California on Sunday . The 32-year-old climbed 15 places in the world rankings to 18th as he claimed the second PGA Tour title of his career at the Farmers Insurance Open , while fellow American Mickelson reclaimed the No. 4 spot after finishing second on his first start this season . Watson started the final round one shot behind joint overnight leader Mickelson but carded an impressive five-under-par 67 , which included six birdies and just one bogey , to finish the San Diego tournament on 16 under . World number four Mickelson could have forced Watson into a playoff had he made eagle on the 18th hole , but a miss from 72 yards allowed his Florida-born opponent to celebrate victory by just a single shot . Mickelson 's fellow overnight leader Bill Haas faded badly on the final day , finishing on nine under after a 75 . For Watson the victory was particularly emotional following the death of his father to cancer last year , shortly after his only other PGA Tour win at the Travelers Championship in Connecticut . "  It means a lot , " he told reporters . "  I 'll probably cry all day , just like last time . " The 32-year-old said the win had given him the confidence to compete with the world 's best at major championships . "  In my mind , I believe I can be a top-five player . I want to . I want to be number one in the world . I want to win every golf tournament , " he said . "  I want to perform every week . I want to be on every Ryder Cup team , every Presidents Cup team . I believe I can do it . I truly believe it . " San Diego-born Mickelson , a three-time winner on the Torrey Pines course , said he was disappointed not to have made a better start to the season at his local tournament . "  I wanted to start the year off with a win , " the 40-year-old said . "  But on the other hand , I played really good golf and gave myself an opportunity . "  I played well on Sunday and had a good tournament . Hopefully , I 'll use this as a springboard for next week . " Former world number one Tiger Woods made a poor start to 2011 , finishing in a disappointing 44th position . In his first competition of the year , the event 's five-time champion failed to birdie any of the par-fives and finished with a round of 75 . "  I have some work to do . There 's no doubt about that , " the American said . "  I hit it as pure as I could possibly hit it starting out , but got nothing out of it . " Venezuelan rookie Jhonattan Vegas followed up his victory at the Bob Hope Classic last weekend with a third-place finish as he ended the tournament on 13 under along with American Dustin Johnson . Vegas shot 68 , and his third bogey of the day at 18 meant he shared the prize money with Johnson , who ended with two birdies in his flawless 66 . D.A. Points was fourth on 12 under after a 67 , while fellow Americans Nick Watney  63  , Anthony Kim  72  and Hunter Mahan  72  were tied for sixth on 10 under . Watney , starting on the back nine of the South Course , started with five successive birdies , picked up three more from 16 , and capped his round with an eagle three at the sixth .	America 's Bubba Watson claims second PGA Tour title at Torrey Pines , California Watson beats compatriot Phil Mickelson by one shot to win Farmers Insurance Open Emotional victory for 32-year-old Watson , who last year lost his father to cancer Former world number one Tiger Woods finishes in a disappointing 44th place
CNN  -- Friends and family identified the 20-year-old Frederick , Maryland , man who died after police used a Taser stun gun on him Sunday morning , according to a local television station . Jarrel Gray , 20 , died after police used a Taser gun on him Sunday morning , family and friends say . The man , who friends and family identified as Jarrel Gray , was involved in a fight at an apartment complex about 5 a.m. Sunday , police said . Authorities have not released Gray 's name . "  I have n't heard anything except that he 's gone , " Troy Thomas told WJLA-TV . Thomas , who said he was Gray 's uncle , told the television station , "  I lost my best friend . " Cassandra Rollings , a friend of the family , appeared at the apartment complex where Gray died , holding a large photo of the young man wearing a tie . Gray was a "  very good kid , " Rollings said . Deputies responded Sunday morning to a report of a fight at an apartment complex and found four people in a scuffle , Cpl. Jennifer Bailey of the Frederick County Sheriff 's Office said Sunday . Eric Cargenas , a man who lives in the apartment complex and said he saw the fight , told WJLA that two people started fighting after a yelling match . A deputy used a Taser on Gray , who fell unconscious , Bailey said . He was taken to Frederick Memorial Hospital where he was pronounced dead . His body was taken to the medical examiner 's office in Baltimore for an autopsy . The results of some tests could take several weeks , according to an office spokeswoman . Baltimore is about 50 miles east of Frederick . The sheriff 's office has not publicly identified the deputy who allegedly used the Taser , but Bailey said the deputy was placed on administrative leave with pay while authorities investigate the incident . Since June 2001 , more than 150 people have died in the United States after being subdued with stun guns , according to Amnesty International , which has called for police departments to suspend use of the devices pending study of their possible risks . More than 7,000 of the nation 's 18,000 law enforcement agencies use the devices , Amnesty says . Recent deaths involving Taser devices have received much publicity . Last month , a police officer at Vancouver International Airport in British Columbia , Canada , used a Taser gun on a 40-year-old man making his first airplane trip outside Poland . He died . In a statement released Friday , Taser International cited the Vancouver case and said it "  appears to follow the pattern of many in-custody deaths or deaths following a confrontation with police . Historically , medical science and forensic analysis has shown that these deaths are attributable to other factors and not the low-energy electrical discharge of the Taser . " A bystander 's video of the October 14 incident in Vancouver shows the victim continuing to struggle after being shot with the device . Taser International said on its Web site that the struggle "  is proof that the Taser device was not the cause of his death . " Cardiac arrest caused by electrical current would have caused immediate death , the company said . "  We are taken aback by the number of media outlets that have irresponsibly published conclusive headlines blaming the Taser device and/or the law enforcement officers involved as the cause of death before completion of the investigation , " said Tom Smith , the company 's founder and chairman of the board . But Amnesty International , noting that coroners have determined Tasers were a contributing factor in more than 30 deaths , said such a link can not be ruled out . The devices use compressed nitrogen to shoot two probes -- connected to the device by wire -- up to 35 feet at speeds exceeding 100 mph . An electrical signal transmitted through the wires contacts the body or clothing , "  resulting in an immediate loss of the person 's neuromuscular control and the ability to perform coordinated action for the duration of the impulse , " according to the company . E-mail to a friend	Jarrel Gray 's uncle tells local media : "  I lost my best friend " Witness : Fight broke out after yelling match at apartment complex Deputy who allegedly used Taser on Gray is on paid administrative leave Amnesty International cites 150 deaths in asking police to suspend use of Tasers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The first woman mayor of San Diego has acknowledged in court she misappropriated more than $ 2 million from her late husband 's foundation to fund a casino gambling habit with which she allegedly won and lost $ 1 billion over nine years . Her attorney said a brain tumor affected Maureen O'Connor 's judgment in playing video poker . She 's now broke and suffering cognitive impairment following brain surgery and a stroke in 2011 , prosecutors said . O'Connor , mayor of San Diego from 1986 to 1992 , reported to the IRS more than $ 1 billion in casino winnings but also reported losses bigger than those winnings , resulting in a net loss from 2000 to 2009 , prosecutors said in court papers . Those net losses amounted to $ 13 million , her attorney said . O'Connor was married to Robert O. Peterson , founder of the Jack in the Box restaurant chain , from 1977 until his death in 1994 , but court documents do n't disclose the size of the couple 's fortune that apparently funded O'Connor 's gambling habit . O'Connor , 66 , entered a deferred prosecution agreement Thursday in federal court in San Diego in which she admitted misappropriating money from the R.P. Foundation , on which she served as a trustee . Under the agreement , she will repay the foundation $ 2,088,000 , pay owed taxes , and be treated for her gambling addiction , prosecutors said . O'Connor , however , is bankrupt and unable to work , court papers say . Her ability to repay the foundation is "  limited , " they say . In 2011 , surgeons removed a large tumor from O'Connor 's brain , and she suffered complications that included cognitive impairment and a pulmonary embolism , prosecutors said . Magistrate Judge David Bartick found that her continuing health problems made it highly improbable she could be brought to trial , prosecutors said . If O'Connor repays the foundation and satisfies the conditions of her deferred prosecution , the government will dismiss its prosecution in two years , prosecutors said . She faces an unlawful monetary transaction charge carrying a maximum prison sentence of 10 years , documents say . "  Maureen O'Connor was a selfless public official who contributed much to the well-being of San Diego , " U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy of San Diego said in a prepared statement . "  However , no figure , regardless of how much good they 've done or how much they 've given to charity , can escape criminal liability with impunity . " O'Connor told reporters Thursday that for a while , she did n't know she had a brain tumor . "  There were two Maureens -- Maureen No. 1 and Maureen No. 2 , " she said . "  Maureen No. 2 is the woman that did not know she had a tumor growing in her head . " She described that era as "  the last chapter of my life where I lost my husband , I lost three of my siblings , I lost my two best friends and I had a difficult time . "  I think most of you who know me here would know that I never meant to hurt the city , " she told reporters . She began to choke up and cry . O'Connor was described as "  a public figure and a civic treasure to the San Diego community " for 30 years , according to court papers filed by her attorney . She is the eighth of 13 children of a mother who was a registered nurse and a father , Jerome , who was a boxer known as "  Kid Jerome " and later became a prominent businessman , defense documents said . She was elected to city council at age 25 in 1971 and , later as mayor , "  put our city on the map as a destination for international tourism , " partly by presiding over the completion of the city 's Convention Center , defense documents said . O'Connor 's attorney attributed her gambling addiction to her medical condition . "  This was not , we think , a psychiatric problem or a characterological defect because there is substantial evidence that during this same time , there was a tumor growing in her brain , in the centers of the brain that affect and control , logic , reasoning and , most importantly , judgment , " attorney Eugene Iredale said at a news conference Thursday . O'Connor sat next to him with her head lowered . O'Connor did n't plead guilty this week and the charge is played in abeyance for two years , Iredale said . "  It is fair to say in the last eight to 10 years a multiple amount of tragedies have befallen a person who was a great civic leader -- one of the sweetest , funniest people who ever existed in our city 's history , " the attorney said . "  She suffered from terrible loneliness . She began around 2001 to gamble heavily . " "  Although it 's not fair of us to say there is no moral culpability , Maureen acknowledges doing something she ought not to have done , " he added . Photographs of her head after surgery show a fluid-filled cavity without brain matter at all , he said . From 2000 to 2008 , O'Connor gambled in Las Vegas , Atlantic City and San Diego casinos , court papers said . In 2008 , when she became nearly broke , she began to siphon off funds from the R.P. Foundation and continued the activity into 2009 , court documents said . To fund her high-stakes gambling , she had liquidated her savings , sold several real estate holdings , auctioned valuables , and obtained a third mortgage on her home in La Jolla , California , the documents say . O'Connor allegedly bankrupted the foundation and tried to avoid paying federal income taxes on the charity 's money by characterizing what she took as "  loans , " court papers say . "  Despite having limited , if any , assets other than the funds misappropriated from the foundation , defendant continued high-stakes gambling , " the documents say . By March 2009 , O'Connor allegedly had paid off casinos ' gambling markers , or lines of credit , but had n't repaid the foundation , prosecutors said . She then enjoyed a streak of "  several large gambling winnings after March 2009 that were used to continue gambling , not bring the foundation out of bankruptcy , " court papers say . Prior to 2008 , the foundation funded such philanthropies as City of Hope , the Alzheimer 's Association , Sharp Healthcare , Little Wishes Foundation , San Diego Hospice and the John Burton Foundation , authorities said . CNN 's Jaclyn Wang contributed to this report .	NEW : Former mayor is "  a civic treasure " in San Diego who put city on tourist map Maureen O'Connor was the first woman mayor of San Diego , serving from 1986 to 1992 Her late husband , Robert O. Peterson , founded the Jack in the Box fast-food chain She won and lost $ 1 billion playing video poker at casinos from 2000 to 2009
CNN  -- The apparent suicide of Jacintha Saldanha , the nurse who inadvertently put through a prank call to the hospital ward where the Duchess of Cambridge was staying , has provoked outrage , sadness and demands for retribution in all corners of the media . The tragedy has revived memories of previous practical jokes that have gone horribly wrong , but also stirred an already febrile debate on ethical boundaries , whether in the mainstream or social media , and what , if any , legal recourse should be available to people humiliated or taunted in public . Saldanha , a 46-year-old mother of two , was found dead Friday -- three days after Australian DJs Mel Greig and Michael Christian of 2DayFM placed a call to the King Edward VII hospital in the UK , where the duchess was being treated for morning sickness . They pretended to be Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles . A statement on the radio station 's website said : "  The hosts have decided that they will not return to their radio show until further notice out of respect for what can only be described as a tragedy . " Rhys Holleran , CEO of the company that owns the radio station , said Saturday the DJs were "  deeply shattered " by what occurred . "  This is a tragic event that could not have been reasonably foreseen and we are deeply saddened by it , " he said of Saldanha 's death . Many media organizations played the audio tape of the prank call in part or its entirety . CNN broadcast part of it -- but not the segment where a nurse in the ward briefly discussed details of the duchess 's condition . Of the three major broadcasters in the United Kingdom , neither Sky News nor the BBC played the call . ITN played a clip that included the voice of Saldanha  but did not identify her  on several newscasts . It did n't really matter whether the major broadcasters aired the tape ; the whole conversation was widely available online via YouTube . Nurse found dead after taking prank call Before Saldanha 's apparent suicide , the chief executive of the hospital , John Lofthouse , had already condemned the prank , saying , "  I think this whole thing is pretty deplorable , our nurses are caring , professional people trained to look after patients , not to cope with journalistic trickery of this sort . " And trickery seems to go the heart of the issue . 2DayFM has a history of public humiliation . In 2009 , a 14-year-old girl was tricked into acknowledging that she had been raped at the age of 12 -- only to be asked by a DJ : "  Is that the only experience you 've had ? " That led the Australian Communications and Media Authority to censure the station -- saying the broadcast did not meet standards of decency . The station said it had provided the teenager with counseling and vowed "  to prevent anything similar from happening again . " But 2DayFM has been the subject of several inquiries since ; and this year was told it "  must not broadcast material that demeans or is likely to demean women or girls " as a condition of keeping its license . That followed a broadcast in which a female journalist was called a derogatory term and told "  to watch your mouth or I 'll hunt you down " by DJ Kyle Sandilands . The incident provoked a campaign to persuade advertisers to boycott the show , but 2DayFM was not fined and Sandilands kept his job . He even interviewed Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard in July . Social media entwined in radio prank After its latest prank , 2DayFM 's website boasted about the "  Biggest Royal Prank Ever , " but in the UK , Daily Telegraph columnist Bryony Gordon said it was "  not so funny to hear two grown adults call up a hospital ward full of sick people to try to scam information about one of them . " "  What Christian and Greig did was borderline illegal , " she added . On social media , the tragedy made an impact in a way that many stories do n't . "  Desensitisation created by 24/7 news means few news items actually cause shock ; the death of nurse Jacintha Saldanha is one such item , " tweeted Ricky Seal . It also prompted visceral hostility toward the radio presenters . ' I hope they 're proud of themselves ' ... "  Do the moronic callers still find themselves humorous ? " ... "  Humanity , we have reached another low " were among the thousands of furious tweets . Both DJs have deleted their Twitter accounts . As the UK tabloid the Daily Mirror put it on its front-page Saturday , ` Pranksters Face World Fury . ' Around the world , reaction in the op-ed columns echoed the fury . In Canada , Christina Blizzard wrote : "  So a young woman who cared enough to go into nursing , was courteous enough to pick up a phone because a receptionist was n't at her desk , was trusting enough to be helpful -- is dead . Two children do n't have a mother . "  But at least a radio station kept their audience entertained . " However , some -- a minority to be sure -- said it was too easy to mobilize the virtual lynch mob . One Canadian tweeted : "  The two deejays are not responsible for the actions of an unbalanced woman . " Prank phone calls and other practical jokes have long been a form of entertainment on radio and television . Most of the time they are harmless enough : both sides get the joke . The TV series "  Candid Camera " ran for years because the great majority of the people tricked by the show were prepared to sign away their dignity for a few minutes . But pranks can go wrong . Back in 2008 , the BBC apologized to actor Andrew Sachs after two radio presenters -- Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross -- left a series of messages on his phone while on-air , including offensive references to his granddaughter . The second message apologized for the first -- but also suggested Sachs might kill himself because of the content of the previous message . The two presenters were later suspended by the BBC , and a senior executive resigned . The corporation was also fined some $ 225,000 by the UK media regulator and its governing trust described the episode as a "  deplorable intrusion with no editorial justification . " Brand moved on -- to a career in Hollywood . Veteran publicist Max Clifford told the Daily Telegraph soon after the incident that Brand 's career would not be hurt . "  He 's known to be controversial and , if anything , it will make him more popular amongst his fans , who will have thought this was hilarious , " Clifford told the newspaper . As Oscar Wilde once said , "  The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about . " Sachs was at least familiar with the public spotlight as a well-known actor and narrator . Jacintha Saldanha was not . Nor was Gretchen Molannen . On November 30 , the Tampa Bay Times published a story about Gretchen Molannen , a 39-year old woman who had a rare sexual disorder known as ` persistent genital arousal . ' The Times worked with Molannen and read her the entire story before it was published . She 'd written to the newspaper thanking it for showing an interest , adding : "  I just hope this will educate people that this is serious and really exists , and that other women who are suffering in silence will now have the courage to talk to a doctor about it . " The day after the story was published , Molannen killed herself . Even sympathetic coverage and subsequent offers of help could not save her . It 's unclear whether the publicity about her condition was too much to bear ; she had previously attempted to take her own life . "  It 's important to understand that suicide is complex , " says Catherine Johnstone , chief executive of the Samaritans , a UK group that counsels people thinking of suicide . "  Although a catalyst may appear to be obvious , suicide is never the result of a single factor or event and is likely to have several interrelated causes , " Johnstone said on the group 's website soon after news emerged of Saldanha 's death . If adults are vulnerable to what they perceive as public humiliation , teenagers are doubly so . Tyler Clementi was an 18-year old student at Rutgers University who in 2010 was secretly filmed by his roommate having a sexual encounter with another man . A short while later he jumped to his death from a New York bridge . Clementi was not only humiliated but his humiliation was amplified by the fact that his roommate , Dharun Ravi , shared the footage with others and tweeted about it . He was later convicted of bias intimidation and invasion of privacy and sentenced to 30 days in jail . The case seemed to bring together many of the factors that put the vulnerable even more at risk : technology that can record and distribute private acts in a matter of minutes ; the failure -- especially among many younger users of social media -- to understand the potential consequences of their postings ; and the uncertain state of the law in many places . It also highlighted an epidemic of teenage suicides in the United States -- one that has coincided with the immersion of that age group in social media and texting for hours at a stretch . Schoolyard bullying ends when recess does ; cyber-bullying is 24/7 and reaches into the bedroom , the mall and the classroom . When 15-year old Phoebe Prince killed herself in Massachusetts two years ago , another student at her school told the media : "  Someone told her to go hang herself , and I do n't really know who that was , but she was getting bullied by some people , because there were people talking about her and I guess she did n't like being hated . " At first glance , many of these cases bear little resemblance to that of Jacintha Saldanha . But there are common threads . In the 21st century , personal humiliation can quickly go viral thanks to the reach and appetite of both social and mainstream media . Within hours , the minor transgressions and innocent mistakes , the private behavior and anxieties of ordinary people can reach , or seem to reach , the ends of the earth . For a few , that exposure is quickly overwhelming .	NEW : Radio company CEO talks of "  tragic event " Nurse , mother of two , was found dead , three days after prank call Australian DJs called UK hospital about pregnant duchess Case raises questions on ethical boundaries
Berlin  CNN  -- Former Nazi death camp guard and onetime Ohio autoworker John Demjanjuk has died in Germany , a police spokesman said Saturday . Demjanjuk , 91 , was found guilty last May in a German court of assisting in mass murder as a guard at the Nazi-run Sobibor death camp in German-occupied Poland , and sentenced to five years in prison . He died in a home for the elderly where he was living pending appeal , Oberbayern-Sud police spokesman Kilian Steger said . As part of standard procedure , the Traunstein state prosecutor 's office is looking into the circumstances of his death , Steger said . The Nazis and their sympathizers killed at least 167,000 people at Sobibor in 1942 and 1943 , according to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum . Munich state prosecutors charged Demjanjuk as an accessory to about 27,900 of those deaths , and the court found the killings were "  motivated by racial hatred . " Demjanjuk denied the charges , arguing that he was a prisoner of war who was forced to do what the Nazis wanted . The Ukraine native , who moved to the U.S. after World War II , raised a family and worked in the auto industry in Ohio , was finally extradited from the United States in 2009 to face trial following a long legal battle . The accusations against Demjanjuk date to the late 1970s , when the U.S. Justice Department accused him of being a Nazi guard known as "  Ivan the Terrible . " His U.S. citizenship was revoked in 1981 , and he was extradited to Israel in 1986 . He was convicted in an Israeli court in 1988 and sentenced to death , but that conviction was overturned in 1993 amid evidence that someone else was "  Ivan the Terrible . " A U.S. federal court restored Demjanjuk 's citizenship , ruling that the government withheld evidence supporting his case . But his citizenship was revoked again in 2002 after a federal judge ruled that his 1952 entry into the United States was illegal because he hid his past as a Nazi guard . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	NEW : John Demjanjuk was living in a home for the elderly pending appeal of his conviction Demjanjuk , a onetime U.S. auto worker , was convicted in Germany last year He was found guilty of assisting in mass murder as a guard at the Sobibor death camp Prosecutors said he was an accessory to nearly 28,000 deaths
CNN  -- Shortly after Kamal Ganzouri stepped down as prime minister more than a decade ago , Egypt 's state-run al-Ahram newspaper ran a story in which various party and government officials accused him of being arrogant , autocratic and corrupt . Neither those portrayals , however , nor the fact Ganzouri was appointed and served three years under deposed President Hosni Mubarak spelled the end of the economist 's political career . In fact , he now appears set to take on his old role at one of the most tumultuous , momentous times in modern Egyptian history . On Thursday , military spokesman Lt. Col. Amr Imam told CNN that Ganzouri , 81 , had agreed -- after meeting with Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , field marshal of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and Egypt 's dominant figure since Mubarak 's ouster in February -- to become Egypt 's prime minister once again . If he can put together a government , Ganzouri will complete a resurgence that might have seemed unlikely after he left office in 1999 . The next April , al-Ahram noted criticisms levied at Ganzouri -- from then-parliamentary speaker Fathi Sorour , Mubarak 's chief of staff Zakaria Azmi and several members of parliament -- tied to his handling of financial and other matters during his three years as prime minister . For instance , Sorour claimed that Ganzouri had excessively issued military orders , citing his role as military governor , under emergency law . Sorour called such orders "  a clear infringement of the assembly 's legislative mandate , " according to the al-Ahram report . And Ayman Nour , a member of the then-minority and liberal Wafd party , blasted what he described as Ganzouri 's authoritarian actions as a "  flagrant infringement of the constitution and parliament 's authority , " in the same al-Ahram story . Still , the fact that Tantawi apparently approached Ganzouri about the prime minister 's job suggests that -- more than 11 years later -- military leaders today have a high opinion of him . He has online supporters as well , including a Facebook page with 653 "  likes " as of Thursday night and filled with comments suggesting that he is the best person to lead Egypt . Besides his economic background at a time of continued financial crisis in Egypt , Ganzouri would bring a wealth of government experience to the job . Starting in 1987 , he served as a deputy prime minister . In 1996 , Mubarak appointed Ganzouri as prime minister after Atek Sedki resigned after nine years in that position .	Kamal Ganzouri was an Egyptian deputy prime minister in the late 1980s In 1996 , President Hosni Mubarak appointed him as Egypt 's prime minister Political leaders criticized Ganzouri after he left office in 1999 , state media says A military spokesman says Ganzouri has agreed to become prime minister again
Entertainment Weekly  -- If anybody had a reason to doubt whether Tyler Perry has become one of the most bankable brands in all of movies , be skeptical no longer . The domestic dramedy maestro 's latest release , Tyler Perry 's "  Madea Goes to Jail , " ran away with a big victory on the typically slow Academy Awards weekend , grossing a hefty $ 41.1 million , according to early estimates from Media by Numbers . That opening sum is the biggest of all time for a Tyler Perry film , besting the $ 30 million debut of 2006 's "  Madea 's Family Reunion . " Too , it 's the top bow in the history of indie studio Lionsgate , improving upon all the Tyler Perry and "  Saw " flicks that came before it . The movie 's per-theater average of $ 20,236 ranks in the top 40 for all wide openers ever . And , no surprise , "  Madea Goes to Jail " achieved all this success with a solid A CinemaScore grade from a crowd that included mostly older women . Watch Tyler Perry talk about his success " Second place went to "  Taken , " which added another $ 11.4 million to its four-week tally , bringing said total to $ 95.2 million . Fellow strong holdover "  Coraline "  No. 3  was next with $ 11 million . "  He 's Just Not That Into You "  No. 4  declined a sharp 56 percent to bank $ 8.5 million on its third weekend . And Best Picture favorite "  Slumdog Millionaire " rounded out the top five with $ 8.1 million -- a sum that brings its domestic total to $ 98 million . Reigning champ "  Friday the 13th " suffered one of the biggest drops ever , a stunning 81 percent , to finish in sixth place with $ 7.8 million . And this weekend 's other major new release , the cheerleader comedy "  Fired Up ! "  No. 9  , grossed a weak-but-expected $ 6 million . The film garnered an okay CinemaScore grade of B from a crowd comprised of mostly younger ladies . Overall , the weekend was up nearly 30 percent over the same frame a year ago , when "  Vantage Point " led the way . Eight of the past nine weekends have improved upon the previous year 's grosses . And I 'd be remiss if I did n't take a quick peek at the main Oscar contenders , for whom the box office report is mixed headed into the ceremony . "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " leads the way with $ 124.2 million . The aforementioned "  Slumdog Millionaire " should clear the $ 100 million mark in the next several days , whether it wins the top prize or not . Then it 's a big jump down to "  Milk "  $ 28.2 million  , "  The Reader "  $ 23.2 million  , and "  Frost/Nixon "  $ 17.4 million  . And let 's not forget multiple nominee "  The Dark Knight , " which may not be up for Best Picture , but did finally become the fourth movie ever to cross the $ 1 billion mark at the worldwide box office . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Madea Goes to Jail " won big this weekend , grossing a hefty $ 41.1 million Per-theater average of $ 20,236 ranks in the top 40 for all wide openers ever Second place went to "  Taken , " which added another $ 11.4 million to its tally
CNN  -- On this date , July 30 , nearly a half-century ago , the United States achieved a major victory . Medicare , the nation 's first national health insurance program , was born . As part of President Lyndon Johnson 's Great Society , Medicare extended health coverage to seniors who inevitably needed care . It 's been a well-accepted success and highlights the benefits of improving health care access . But despite Monday 's cautiously optimistic report on Medicare 's solvency , a sustainable and comprehensive health care system requires covering everybody . Expanding Medicare for all is the fairest , most effective and straightforward way to ensure universal coverage in America . With Medicare , seniors have greater access to care . Yet most people deal with an overly complex system that fails to provide the same benefits our seniors receive . Even after the passage of Obamacare , unacceptable burdens remain . Consider the health coverage of women . Today women consume the most health care services . They have greater annual health care expenses than men and pay a greater proportion of their health care costs out-of-pocket . The Kaiser Family Foundation reports that about one in five women is still uninsured . More than half these women struggle with their medical bills . The story is even worse for low-income women , who are more likely to forgo treatment because of its cost . About 4 million low-income women can cover only themselves and are unable to receive financial support to purchase insurance for their families . Women make up two-thirds of the low wage workforce -- and only 23 % of low-wage jobs provide employer-sponsored health insurance . Obamacare was supposed to help . But 3 million low-income and minority women live in states that have yet to expand Medicaid , leaving them unable to obtain Obamacare 's coverage for our most vulnerable families , which was promised in the law . To be sure , Obamacare does offer greater protections and support for working women to obtain basic insurance . But with the fluctuating and often excessive premiums , deductibles and co-pays , these bills remain onerous . Accesses to in-network physicians remain restricted . Women , like so many working Americans , are getting nickel-and-dimed , unable to afford and access comprehensive medical coverage . Our health plans continue to be held hostage by private carriers who must spend on hefty overhead and marketing to guarantee ever-growing profits for their shareholders . To make matters worse , the courts have further restricted the availability of comprehensive coverage . With the U.S. Supreme Court 's ruling in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores Inc. , which gave companies the ability to withhold benefits based on religious grounds , women may lose coverage for basic birth control and reproductive health needs . It 's unconscionable that in the richest nation on Earth , health disparities linger because ordinary people ca n't obtain good care . Working families continue to wrestle with pocketbook-busting medical expenses and tussle with companies that get in between them and their physician . It does n't have to be this way . We could provide hassle-free health care to both men and women just as we do for everyone over 65 . By opening Medicare to everyone , we could secure universal coverage and run a more efficient and just system . Medicare is far from perfect , but the flexible program stands strong . By expanding it , we can better pay for quality care and bargain with hospitals , drug companies and device firms on behalf of everyday people . All Americans could obtain quality care from any physician . And similar to how they do it in most wealthy nations , the government will reimburse the provider or company for that care . Businesses could focus on staying competitive rather than haggling with insurance companies over costly health plans for their workers . We can fund the plan by preserving how we pay for health care and asking our very well-off to contribute a little more . The government would levy a small increase in payroll taxes on employers -- who would no longer have to pay health plan premiums -- and also issue a small tax on stock and bond transactions . A single-payer health care system built off Medicare would guarantee universal coverage and far better health outcomes . To that end , Michigan 's U.S. Rep. John Conyers , a Democrat , has again introduced his Medicare-For-All proposal . U.S. Rep. Jim McDermott , D-Washington , and U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vermont , have introduced a similar version . Outside our nation 's capital , Vermont is working to implement universal coverage for its residents next year , aiming to serve as a model for the rest of the nation . As Sanders said , "  The United States is the only major nation in the industrialized world that does not guarantee health care as a right to its people . " What America is doing on health care is n't working for either men or women . If we want to join the rest of the industrialized world , we must increase eligibility to the widely popular program , Medicare , which celebrates its 49th anniversary on Wednesday . The nation deserves a system that values wellness above profits , and progress over inertia and false starts .	Vijay Das : Nearly 50 years old , Medicare has been a success and has improved health care He says we should extend Medicare health coverage to assure quality care for all Das : Report optimistic on Medicare ' solvency : It 's efficient and just way for universal care Das : U.S. only major nation in industrialized world that does n't guarantee right of health care
CNN  A migrant worker whose life ended in Washington after police shot at him 17 times . A father of four killed by an officer during a traffic stop in Texas . A man killed during a robbery investigation in California . After three Mexican citizens were killed by police in the United States in the past month , Mexico 's Foreign Ministry says the U.S. Justice Department should step in . "  Given that these incidents can not be looked at in isolation , the Mexican government has called for the U.S. Department of Justice through its civil rights division to monitor the investigation of these three cases to assure that they 're conducted with transparency and where appropriate , the proper criminal or civil responsibility is determined , " Mexico 's Foreign Ministry said on Monday . The Mexican government 's statement comes amid a debate that has surged across the United States about whether police are using excessive force , particularly when they deal with minority groups . "  Adding to our consternation over the third case of a Mexican killed by an excessive use of force in less than one month , is our deep concern for the effect of the break in trust between the Hispanic community and the police forces that could result from these actions , " the foreign ministry said . Investigators said they 're still piecing together information on all three cases . No charges have been filed . Here 's a look at what we know so far : Protesters at a city council meeting in Grapevine , Texas , this week chanted a familiar refrain : "  Hands up ! Do n't shoot ! " For the demonstrators , the chant -- which started as a call to action after the police shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri -- has become a rallying cry for another case . Police shot 31-year-old Rubn Garca Villalpando in the Dallas suburb of Euless , Texas , on February 20 . Investigators say the case started when a burglar alarm sounded at a business . Villalpando 's car , which was in the area , was followed by police in what authorities described as a high-speed chase . Eventually , Villalpando pulled over . Villalpando was unarmed , but in early reports about the shooting , police said an altercation erupted after he disobeyed an officer 's commands during a traffic stop . The traffic stop was caught on camera , but police have n't released the dash cam video to the public . "  There will be more information released as the investigation continues . This additional information may shed more light on Mr. Villalpando 's actions that night , " police and city officials said . "  We look forward to the time that the community can review the dash cam video of this incident , which we believe will answer many questions and correct some misconceptions about this incident . " Villalpando 's family said they 've seen the video , and even though it does n't show the officer or the shooting , they said one thing is clear : Villalpando was unarmed and did nothing to threaten the officer who stopped him . Fernando Romero said it was jarring to hear what his brother-in-law said in the video as he gets out of the vehicle . "  My brother-in-law is out of the car with his hands up , " Romero said , "  and the first thing he asks is , ` Are you going to kill me ? ' " Marta Romero , Villalpando 's wife , said her husband made a mistake when he did n't stop when the officer tried to pull him over . But she said he was trying to cooperate and turn himself in . "  He was painted like a criminal who was involved in a robbery and had assaulted an officer , and in the video you do n't see any of those things , " she said . "  You see the opposite , a man who is scared , who is simply trying to calm the situation , who sees that the police officer has a weapon in his hands . " Police say Ernesto Javier Canepa Daz , 28 , was killed February 27 after a shooting broke out during a robbery investigation . "  At this time we need the process to continue in order to know what happened , " Santa Ana , California , Police Chief Carlos Rojas told CNN en Espaol . He declined to comment on the investigation , but said Canepa had been arrested in the past for various crimes , including narcotics possession , possessing stolen property , domestic violence and resisting police . When police came across his car last week , he was wanted for a series of robberies , Rojas said . "  He did not cooperate with the police and we know that a police officer shot various times at him and he died at the scene , " Rojas said . And police , he said , found a replica of a gun inside the car . "  We do not know if this is the reason why the police officer used force . That will be investigated , " Rojas said . Canepa 's family said they do n't believe police were justified in opening fire . "  Whatever it was , he did not deserve to die this way , " said Mayte Canepa , Ernesto 's sister . "  He did not deserve for them to shoot at him like they did . " The Orange County Register reported that at a press conference on Tuesday , Canepa 's brother , Andres , described police as "  a gang with a badge . " The officer who shot Canepa has been suspended with pay until the investigation is finished , police said . A proud laborer from Mexico , Antonio Zambrano-Montes picked fruit in the orchards of Washington state , but when his most valuable tools -- his hands -- became injured last year , he fell into deep despair . He could n't work or send money to family in Mexico , two routines that shaped his life . It was this misfortune that distressed Zambrano-Montes in the days before he and police in Pasco , Washington , clashed in February , in a confrontation that ended with officers firing 17 bullets , hitting Zambrano-Montes several times and killing him . He was unarmed but was accused of pelting police with rocks . Police have said that Zambrano-Montes , 35 , was throwing rocks at cars and trucks when confronted by officers . He then allegedly stoned two officers , and police resorted to deadly force , authorities said . Officers had used a Taser on him , but it was n't effective , police said . The shooting now haunts his family , due in no small measure to how the hail of police bullets was captured on videos and posted on YouTube by bystanders . Zambrano-Montes ' family said his limited English left him unable to understand the officers ' commands , shouted in English . His mother , Agapita Montes , said she did n't see her son throwing rocks in the videos . "  The only thing I can see is that he 's running , he raises his hands and they still shoot him . Why ? I ask myself . Why ? " Montes said . Erlinda Zambrano , an aunt of Zambrano-Montes , also found it very difficult to accept the police version of events , she said . "  We are living with profound pain from how he died , and it 's something very bad and terrible , " the aunt said . "  I look at the videos now and I can not sleep because it 's too hard . " CNN 's Michael Martinez , Gustavo Valdes and Alina Machado contributed to this report .	In the past month , three Mexican nationals have been killed in U.S. police shootings Mexico 's Foreign Ministry says the shootings "  can not be looked at in isolation " Statement warns of possible "  break in trust between the Hispanic community and police "
Editor 's note : Nancy Grace is the host of "  Nancy Grace " on HLN nightly at 8 and 10 p.m. ET . Read an excerpt from her new novel "  The Eleventh Victim " published by Hyperion . Nancy Grace found it challenging to complete her first novel , "  The Eleventh Victim . " CNN  -- Readers of Nancy Grace 's debut novel , "  The Eleventh Victim , " would be forgiven if they assumed the main character is based on Grace . After all , the heroine of the novel becomes an Atlanta , Georgia , district attorney after her fianc is murdered and later relocates to New York for a fresh start . But Grace said there are some differences between her and her protagonist . "  Hailey is a much better person than I am , " Grace said . The tough-as-nails anchor of the HLN show that bears her name was driven to complete her first book of fiction , which she said has been in the works for almost a decade . The novel centers on the character of Hailey Dean , a psychology student who becomes a prosecutor after the tragic murder of her fianc just weeks before their wedding . The mystery takes flight when Dean , having relocated to Manhattan and trained as a therapist , discovers that her patients are being murdered in a copycat style of an Atlanta serial killer from her past . Grace -- who is also the author of the nonfiction book "  Objection ! " -- recently spoke to CNN about the challenges of giving birth to both twins and a thriller , who might die in her next novel and what she thinks about television shows like "  Saturday Night Live " parodying her . CNN : You are a working mother of two year-old twins . How in the world did you find time to write a book ? Nancy Grace : It was hard work . I had done "  Objection " and I had an idea for a second nonfiction . I went back to my editor and I said "  Here 's an idea for another nonfiction . " She said "  Yeah , it 's OK , you got anything else ? " I said "  No , but I do have an old manuscript I 've been working on for a long time , a murder mystery . " I told her it 's not finished yet , I have about 300 pages . I took it over that day and the next day they told me they wanted a two-book series on Hailey Dean . Then I thought "  Oh Lord , now I 've got to finish it . " That happened around the time I got pregnant . Watch Nancy discuss her new book " I had a difficult pregnancy . I was in a wheelchair , I threw up every day , I broke my foot during the pregnancy , so a lot of crazy things happened . Finally , after the twins came , the deadline came . I literally had to sit in the bed with the computer and force myself to finish it . I knew what was going to happen in each of the four storylines , but I had to get there . I would be up sometimes until 3 or 4 in the morning . The twins , one would wake up , by the time I would get that one fed and down , the other one would wake up and then it was time to get up at 5:30 . CNN : You said you knew who did it in terms of the mystery early on in the writing . So how did the book change during its development ? Grace : The characters really developed . It 's like getting to know a person . Read an excerpt from the novel There are certain things Hailey simply would not do . You get to know your characters and they become richer and more intricate because you get to know the character . I would not do anything that was out of character for them . CNN : The plot and the settings sound very familiar to your own life . How much of you is in Hailey ? Grace : Hailey is a much better person than I am , I can tell you that much . She 's very brave . She thinks her way out of difficult and almost impossible situations , she 's courageous and she 's witty . I would say it 's loosely based , but she 's a much better heroine than I could ever be . CNN : What is more difficult , writing nonfiction or fiction ? Grace : It is definitely harder to write fiction . With nonfiction you deal with facts already in existence , but with fiction you have to create everything . Details like what color somebody 's hair was to how hot it was that day . A lot of ideas for the book would come to me in the middle of the night and I forgot some of them so often that I now sleep with my two BlackBerrys near the bed . I 've learned my lesson the hard way , so I will now write myself my book notes in the middle of the night . CNN : Is there anything that did n't make it into this book that you wished had ? Grace : Yes , but do n't worry because I saved it for the next book , which will be set in the television industry . There 's going to be a lot of dead TV executives  laughing  . CNN : They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , so what are your thoughts on having been parodied ? Grace : It 's funny to me . Everything from YouTube to "  Boston Legal " and "  Saturday Night Live . " It 's very flattering that they would think enough to make fun of me . I want -LSB- rapper -RSB- Eminem to make fun of me , but I do n't think it would be very nice  laughing  .	Nancy Grace 's debut novel , "  The Eleventh Victim " has a story similar to hers Grace says main character "  is a much better person than I am " The thriller was almost a decade in the making Book first of two planned about prosecutor-turned-therapist Hailey Dean
People who suffer from migraines with aura during middle age have double the risk of developing Parkinson 's disease or other movement disorders later in life than those who do not , according to a study published Wednesday in the journal Neurology . Migraines are the most common brain disorder in both men and women , according to the World Health Organization , and one of the top 10 most debilitating conditions . Aura is the term used to describe the feelings and symptoms that happen shortly before and during a migraine . "  Roughly one-third of affected individuals can predict the onset of a migraine because it is preceded by an ` aura , ' visual disturbances that appear as flashing lights , zig-zag lines or a temporary loss of vision , " according to the National Institutes of Health . Researchers followed more than 5,000 people between the ages of 33 and 65 for 25 years , who were originally enrolled in a clinical trial designed to study heart disease in Iceland . The participants were interviewed about migraine symptoms in middle age and then , about 25 years later , asked about Parkinson 's disease symptoms . They were also asked about symptoms for a related disorder called Restless Legs Syndrome . The results were based on the study participants ' self-reported diagnoses , though in the majority of the cases researchers confirmed the diagnoses by looking at medical records and the participants ' medication use . "  The patients in this study were not carefully examined and definitely diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease , " said Dr. Michael S. Okun , national medical director of the National Parkinson Foundation , which is why he believes more research is needed before drawing any conclusion that the two are related . "  Head trauma and other neurological issues can manifest with symptoms similar to Parkinson 's disease and future studies will need to better control for these factors . " Compared to those without headaches , people in the study who suffered from migraines with aura in middle age were about twice as likely to have been diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease when the researchers checked back . They were also more likely to report at least four symptoms commonly associated with Parkinson 's disease later in life . Parkinson 's - like symptoms were also more common in those with migraine without aura , though the link was not as strong , lead study author Ann Scher told CNN in an email . Scher , a professor of epidemiology at Uniformed Services University in Maryland , wants to make sure people understand the actual risk of Parkinson 's disease in people with migraine is still very low . Researchers do n't yet understand why migraines might be linked to Parkinson 's disease or other movement disorders , Scher says . They do n't believe that the link is due to medications taken to treat migraines , some of which block dopamine . Nor do they think that the link is due to related brain diseases , "  since we controlled for these factors . " Possible explanations for the connection , she agrees , might be a previous head injury or a shared genetic risk factor that increases the risk for both migraine and Parkinson 's disease . One common link may be abnormalities in dopamine production and dopamine receptors in the brain , said Okun . Some groups suggest the same dopamine treatment that helps Parkinson 's patients may also help with migraines . "  Another theory is that in migraine sufferers there seems to be a higher deposition of metals , such as iron , in the brain and specifically in areas important to movement , " said Okun . "  Some experts believe that this metal deposition may place patients at risk for diseases like Parkinson 's . "	Migraines are the most common brain disorder in men and women , WHO says Researchers followed more than 5,000 people for 25 years Experts say link between migraines and Parkinson 's disease needs further study
CNN  -- It 's been more than three weeks since militants from the dreaded Boko Haram terrorist group dragged 276 girls out of their beds at a boarding school in northern Nigeria , and still no one knows where the girls are . International assistance has begun to flow into Nigeria , whose president has vowed to end the terror threat plaguing his country . Here 's what you need to know to get caught up : Where are the girls ? It 's anyone 's guess . Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , said in a video that he was going to sell them into slavery , but it 's unknown whether he has . Pentagon spokesman U.S. Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby and other officials have said they believe the girls may have been separated into smaller groups , making the task of finding them inordinately more difficult . Gordon Brown , a former UK prime minister and the U.N. 's special envoy for global education , speculated that the girls may have been moved into neighboring countries . "  The search must be in Niger , Cameroon and Chad , to see if we can find information , " he said . What 's being done to find them ? Nigeria has n't given a lot of information about its efforts other than to say that its soldiers have been out in the field , looking for the girls . Nigerian police offered a $ 310,000 reward , but there 's no evidence that has turned up any leads . The United States and Britain have sent advisers to help the Nigerian government find the girls , stage rescue missions and help in the larger fight to defeat Boko Haram . Has Nigeria done enough ? Not by a long shot , according to many critics . Amnesty International came out Friday with a damning report accusing Nigerian officials of having warnings about the raid on the school in Chibok but failing to react . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has been roundly criticized for waiting three weeks to speak to the nation on efforts to find and free the girls . And larger efforts to subdue Boko Haram have had little success since Jonathan declared a state of emergency in Nigeria 's north one year ago this month . What is Boko Haram ? Nigerian and U.S. officials call it a terrorist group dedicated to founding an Islamic state in Nigeria , which is divided between a largely Muslim north and a predominantly Christian south . It has roots , however , in deep-seated animosity in northern Nigeria over poor governance and anger over economic inequality . Most of Nigeria 's oil wealth is concentrated in the south . The group has been blamed for dozens of brutal attacks in Nigeria , including attacks on churches , schools and other targets . Last year , the group was blamed for an attack that killed more than 40 students at an agricultural college . In February , the group burned down a school in Yobe state , killing 29 boys . Last month , in addition to the school abductions , the group claimed responsibility for the bombing of an Abuja bus station that left dozens of people dead . And on Monday , Boko Haram fighters attacked a town that had been used as a staging ground for troops looking for the girls . At least 310 people were killed , some of them burned alive . Why did they do this ? It 's all in the group 's name . Boko Haram translates to "  Western education is sin " or "  forbidden . " The group has called for an end to all such education , especially for girls . In a video that surfaced this week , Shekau said girls should n't be in school . "  Women must go and marry , " he said . What 's going to happen to the girls if government forces do n't find them ? Shekau said he was going to sell them into slavery . "  Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell , " he said in the video . Some experts are n't so sure they will be sold outright , but they could used as sex slaves for fighters , forced into marriages or traded for ransom . They may also be used as human shields in any military operation against Boko Haram , said Shehu Sani , a human rights activist in northern Nigeria . Video purports to show abducted Nigerian girls The road to Boko Haram 's heartland CNN 's Aminu Abubakar , Josh Levs , Vladimir Duthiers , Faith Karimi , Elise Labott , Chelsea Carter , Paul Cruickshank and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	Nigeria has struggled against Boko Haram for years The abductions of 276 schoolgirls have ignited international outrage Military advisers and other experts are now in Nigeria to help plan terror fight
CNN  -- If body language is a good gauge of political standing , Li Keqiang is looking very much like China 's premier-in-waiting . Last Monday , Vice Premier Li delivered the keynote speech at the Boao Forum , a meeting of business and political leaders held yearly in southern Hainan province . Looking relaxed and confident , he ad-libbed briefly , gesticulating with both hands before he read his prepared speech . "  China 's reform has entered a crucial juncture " , Li said , stressing that "  reform and innovation " are the driving force to promote economic and social development . Li said reforms will focus on taxation , finance , prices and income distribution . No big pronouncements , no off-the-cuff remarks , no mistakes . Barring unforeseen political reversals , Li  whose name is pronounced Lee Kuh-cheeyahng  is expected to become the Chinese premier in March next year , succeeding Wen Jiabao . As the current executive vice premier , Li already oversees important portfolios , such macro economic planning , health care , energy and housing . He is already making an impact . Unlike his predecessors , Li 's speaks fairly good English . When he visited Hong Kong University last year , he delivered part of his speech in English -- a gesture that prompted debate in the mainland . Video clips of his speech went viral on social media . Some netizens thought it was "  inappropriate " that he spoke in English . Others praised him for "  open-mindedness " and for breaking away from the stoic style of Chinese leaders . How far Li will break away from old conventions , experts say , remains uncertain . Li is considered a carbon copy of President Hu Jintao , his mentor and benefactor , because of similarities in background , priorities and style . The son of a minor county official in Anhui , a poor province where Hu was also born , Li was a teenager when the decade-long Cultural Revolution interrupted his schooling . As an educated youth who need "  reeducation through labor " , he worked on the farm for four years . There , at age 21 , he joined the Communist Party . In early 1978 , less than two years after Chairman Mao died , he entered Peking University to study law -- a discipline which in earlier years was reviled as "  bourgeois . " Peking University in the late 1970s was a hub of intellectual and political ferment . I saw that up close when I studied there from 1977-81 . China then was at the end of the Maoist era and the beginning of Deng Xiaoping 's reform . Inside and outside classrooms , students and faculty debated big topics like "  Where to , China ? " "  Like everyone in our generation Li Keqiang was keen for new ideas , " recalls Yang Baihui , an international politics major . "  He had the social experience from the Cultural Revolution , so he was also pragmatic . " Li collaborated with Yang and another student in translating "  The Due Process of Law , " a book on constitutional law by the noted British judge Lord Alfred Denning . "  He was smart , intelligent and hard-working , " recalls Jingzhou Tao , a former law-school classmate and now a partner at Dechert law firm . "  He was already a student leader at that time . " In 1980 , Peking University held competitive elections for "  people 's representatives " to the local legislature . Li did not stand for elections -- he happened to have an off-campus internship -- but as chairman of the student federation he spent time with politically active students like Wang Juntao , who campaigned but failed to get a seat . "  He had the typical traits of Peking University students then -- idealistic and independent , at times very out-spoken about certain issues , " recalled Wang in a recent essay . After graduation , Li decided to work for the Communist Youth League  CYL  , a training ground for party and government officials . "  Since then , we 've stepped on different paths and our paths rarely crossed , " wrote Wang . "  In the 1980s , as the CYL cadre in charge of student movement he handled several incidents , still in the old style like his college days -- control the scale of protests but never resort to political prosecution . " In 1989 , however , their paths went in different directions . Li rose through the ranks of CYL while completing a master 's degree in law and then an economics doctorate under Li Yining , the guru of market reforms in China . Wang was jailed as a "  black hand " for his role in the student protests that culminated in the bloody Tiananmen crackdown . Wang has been in exile in the United States since 1994 and is now co-chair of the China Democratic Party , which advocates radical change in China . At CYL , Li 's career intersected with Hu , who headed CYL for many years . Under Hu 's patronage , Li has been on a fast track to the top . In 1998 , Li at 43 became Henan 's provincial governor , the youngest in China . His brief stint there led to criticisms related to an outbreak of AIDS when the government-run blood banks infected tens of thousands of blood-sellers , some with HIV . Most of the infections actually happened before Li arrived in Henan , but critics accused him of tolerating the cover-up of the scandal . Li also survived three major fire accidents in Henan . In 2004 , he was appointed party chief of Liaoning , a rust-belt province in northeast China , and was tasked with reviving its ailing state-owned enterprises . As China 's executive vice premier , Li remains a stalwart supporter of Hu 's "  seek a harmonious society " dictum . He advocates social equity and is skeptical of bureaucracy . A confidential U.S , embassy memo published on the WikiLeaks website describes Li telling the then-U.S. ambassador in Beijing that local economic data are "  for reference only . " He acknowledged official corruption as the biggest source of public anger and thought the effective solution was to create transparent rules and adequate supervision . Like his mentor Hu , Li has risen to his high position more by avoiding big mistakes than through bold ideas and major accomplishments . Still , in substance and in style , expectations are high . Chinese microblogger "  Yudafengxue " tweeted : "  Li is a better speaker than many Chinese top leaders but still needs to work on his stage presentation and body language . It 's part of China 's national image ! "	Li is expected to become Chinese premier next March In a Hong Kong speech last year , he delivered part of it in English Whether he will break away from old conventions is not clear , FlorCruz writes Li hails from the same province -- Anhui -- as his mentor , Chinese President Hu
CNN  -- China will launch its historic space docking mission Saturday along with its first female astronaut in space . Liu Yang has been selected to join two male astronauts , Jing Haipeng and Liu Wang , as part of a three-person crew aboard the Shenzhou-9 , according to China 's manned space docking program , which says the mission will last 10 days . A launch time is set for 6:37 p.m. local time  6:37 a.m. ET  at a satellite center in northwestern Gansu province . The carrier rocket , the Long March-2F , was scheduled to start fueling Friday afternoon , and the launch ground and control systems are ready , state media reported . Echoing a famous Chinese proverb , Wu Ping , a spokeswoman for China 's manned space program said , "  Women hold up half the sky . Human space missions without women are incomplete . " Chinese women push for a place in space According to Xinhua , Liu , 33 , was the deputy head of a flight unit of the PLA 's Air Force and an air force major . She is also a veteran pilot with 1,680 hours of flying experience and , after two years of training , excelled in testing before being selected with another female , Wang Yaping , as a candidate for the crew . On the eve of the mission , however , it was Liu who won the coveted spot . Wu said that the participation of women in space will aid training , improve flight crew equipment and expand knowledge on the physical and psychological effects of space on women . "  It will also further expand the social impact of human space missions and showcase the positive image of Chinese women , " Wu said . "  As a woman , I am eagerly looking forward to this flight with a female astronaut . " In another milestone , Jing will be China 's first astronaut to travel twice into space , Xinhua reported . Like his other two crewmembers , Jing is a former pilot of the People 's Liberation Army and a member of the Communist Party of China , according to Xinhua . If all goes well , the Shenzhou-9 will dock with China 's orbiting space laboratory , making the nation the third after the United States and Russia to complete a manned space docking . As a precaution in case of an emergency , one of the crewmembers will not board the lab , the space program said in February . China has big aspirations for its program and hopes to build a space station and conduct a manned mission to the moon . Read about China 's space plans The orbiting Tiangong-1 space lab module was launched into space in September , and two months later it successfully completed China 's first space docking with an unmanned spacecraft , Shenzhou-8 , according to Xinhua news agency . The efforts demonstrate "  China 's continued commitment to becoming a first-class space power with an independent space capability , " Taylor Fravel , associate professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , said this year . "  This is a very exclusive club . " China 's efforts come as the United States refocuses its space program toward deep space exploration , and private companies such as SpaceX make strides toward the commercialization of spaceflight . Last month , SpaceX 's unmanned Dragon capsule completed the first commercial mission to the International Space Station . CNN 's Steven Jiang and Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	NEW : Liu Yang wins coveted spot to be China 's first woman in space Launch time is set for 6:37 p.m. local time in northwest Gansu 's province China aims to be third nation to perform a space docking China aspires to build a space station and conduct manned mission to the moon
CNN  As the sun set Thursday in the Middle East , did two ISIS captives -- one a Jordanian pilot , the other a Japanese journalist -- fall with it ? That was the question following a new message , purportedly from the terrorist group , that pushed Jordan to bring convicted terrorist Sajida al-Rishawi to the Turkish border by 5:30 p.m.  9:30 a.m. ET  . If they did n't , according to the message , Jordanian pilot Moaz al-Kassasbeh would be killed , followed soon thereafter by Kenji Goto of Japan . For days , Jordanian officials have said they 're willing to swap al-Rishawi for al-Kassasbeh . Government spokesman Mohammed al-Momani reiterated as much late Thursday afternoon , about an hour before the purported deadline . He said Jordan is not about to pull off a deal yet , having received no proof that its pilot is still alive . "  We need a proof of life so we can proceed , " the government spokesman said . If Jordan gets such proof and releases al-Rishawi , it is not clear whether that would mean Goto also goes free . Or al-Kassasbeh , for that matter . So the drama continues , with so much unsettled and so much on the line . Early Friday , Japan 's foreign minister described the situation as "  still fluid and changing . " "  We need to continue to deal with this in a state of alert , " Fumio Kishida told reporters . ISIS has shown its willingness to kill hostages before , the first being American journalist James Foley last summer and the latest being Haruna Yukawa , an aspiring security contractor from Japan reportedly killed last week . But is it willing to negotiate with governments that are fighting to stop its brutal , expansive campaign to expand what it calls the Islamic State ? The drama is coming after the latest message posted by ISIS supporters , purportedly featuring Goto 's voice . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the latest message , which was read by a person claiming to be Goto and posted online by ISIS supporters . Al-Momani said that "  the competent authorities  in his government  are still checking on the authenticity of the recent recording , " state TV reported about two hours before the possible deadline . It follows another recording in which ISIS at first demanded $ 200 million to free Goto and Yukawa . A few days later , there was a new message -- this one with a man 's voice claiming to be Goto , saying that the terror group was dropping its ransom request and instead demanding a swap of the Japanese journalist for al-Rishawi . In the third recording in this string , Goto purportedly gives Jordan 24 hours to release the convicted terrorist in "  exchange for my life . " Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh had said his country would release al-Rishawi if ISIS released al-Kassasbeh . Judeh has said that the Japanese journalist has not been forgotten . "  Of course , " Goto 's release would be part of a prisoner exchange , Judeh said . But the priority for Jordan , he made clear , is al-Kassasbeh 's freedom . Who are those involved in this complicated crisis involving several countries ?  Al-Rishawi is an Iraqi prisoner on death row in Jordan for her role in 2005 bombings .  Goto , an experienced war journalist , has been at the center of several threats by ISIS since his capture . Last week , the group demanded $ 200 million from Japan in exchange for Goto and fellow Japanese hostage Haruna Yukawa , an aspiring security contractor . Since then , ISIS has claimed Yukawa is dead , but Goto is still alive .  Al-Kassasbeh was captured by ISIS last month after the fighter jet he was flying crashed in Syria . ISIS says he 's still alive , but Jordan 's foreign minister told CNN his government has asked for a proof of life , but has n't received it . They are not just captives , but people with loved ones desperately seeking their release . The 47-year-old Goto left Japan last fall , when his youngest of two daughters was a mere 3 weeks old . Now his family -- including his wife , Rinko , who heard from his captors first on December 2 and most recently in a Wednesday email with their "  final demand " -- wants him back . "  My husband is a good and honest man who went to Syria to show the plight of those who suffer , " she said in a statement released through the Rory Peck Trust , a nonprofit focused on freelance journalists . " ... "  I beg the Jordanian and Japanese government to understand that the fates of both  Goto and al-Kassasbeh  are in their hands . " Relatives of the Jordanian pilot -- captured after he ejected from his F-16 jet last month near Raqqa , the extremist group 's de facto capital in Syria -- have also been outspoken , pressing officials in Amman to do all they can to secure his release . "  I firmly ask whomever has sent Moaz to fight outside the borders of Jordan , on a mission unrelated to us , to make strong efforts to bring back Moaz , " the captive 's father , Safi al-Kassasbeh , said Tuesday , adding that he believes his son 's situation and Goto 's should n't be mixed up . Safi al-Kassasbeh made his case again Thursday evening , after the sunset deadline had passed . "  I ask you in the name of God and his Prophet and all the believers and the names of tens of millions in Jordan and Palestine , in kindness , to release my son and the son of all Jordanians , who is your brother in the Islam religion and because forgiveness is a message of the Prophet , " he told reporters . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Jomana Karadsheh , Kareem Khadder , Caroline Faraj , Yoko Wakatsuki , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Will Ripley , Junko Ogura , Ben Brumfield and Karen Smith contributed to this report . Journalist Hadeel Ghanboun also contributed to this report .	Captive Jordanian pilot 's father pleads for his release The sun sets Thursday in the Middle East , but the fates of 2 ISIS hostages are unclear Japanese hostage 's wife pleads to Japanese and Jordanian governments
CNN  -- A power outage Thursday left more than 1.5 million people in the dark in parts of Southern California , Arizona and Mexico as authorities scrambled to figure out what happened and how to get the lights back on . Authorities said the outage occurred after a high-voltage power line between Arizona and California was tripped out of service , according to a statement released by San Diego Gas & Electric . It was not known what caused the service to be shut off , though authorities said it was not an act of terrorism . Power began to be restored by late evening Thursday , though officials warned it would take until Friday to completely restore power in portions of San Diego and Orange counties . "  Again , it 's a slow process . It 's going to take a long time to bring the power , " San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders told reporters . The mayor warned residents in one California 's most populous counties to stay off the road and limit cellular phone service , and school was cancelled Friday for thousands of students . San Diego Gas & Electric said all of its 1.4 million customers were without power . The power line break "  caused our line from AZ and from the north of our region to both trip off , " the utility posted on its Twitter account . "  Think of the system as linked by springs , when one part goes out the rest are affected , " another Twitter post from the utility said . Power outages in California stretched Thursday from San Clemente in Orange County to the state 's border with Mexico , a San Diego County spokesman told CNN . In Arizona , about 56,000 customers in Yuma lost power , Arizona Power and Supply said . Parts of Mexico 's Baja California and Sonora states were also without power , Mexican authorities said . The power outage posed no threat to the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station near San Clemente , California , authorities said . At the nuclear power plant , units "  tripped from grid disturbance " but have offsite power and were in normal shutdown mode , said Eliot Brenner , director of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission 's Office of Public Affairs . The Civil Protection Department in Baja California said authorities there were working to fix a problem at a hydroelectric plant . San Diego County activated its emergency operations center as officials tried to learn more about the blackout , county spokesman Michael Workman said . Linzi Berkowitz in Carlsbad , California , said the widespread power outage wreaked havoc during rush hour . "  The whole city is a mess and hopefully it does n't get worse , " she told CNN iReport . Power went out about 3:45 p.m. in San Diego , said Joe Pettigrew , who said he was trapped on the 10th floor of an office building . "  We do n't have air conditioning and the windows do n't open , " he said , noting that it was about 80 degrees outside . Rebecca Bloomfield of the San Diego airport authority said the airport was letting only inbound flights land . Outbound flights and security screening were halted due to the power outage . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Alta Spells , Greg Morrison and Tina Burnside and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : Mayor : "  It 's going to take a long time to bring the power back " NEW : Authorities say power will be restored by Friday San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station units in normal shutdown mode San Diego-area utility says 1.4 million customers are without power
CNN  -- Four days before Baylor University basketball star Isaiah Austin hoped to be drafted into the NBA , his dreams of playing in the pros were extinguished by a rare genetic disease called Marfan syndrome . "  I had a dream that my name was going to be called , " Austin told ESPN . But after a standard physical , test results revealed he had Marfan syndrome . "  They said I would n't be able to play basketball no more , at a competitive level . ... They told me my arteries and my heart are enlarged , and that if I overwork myself or push myself , my heart could rupture . " Marfan syndrome is caused by a genetic mutation that leaves connective tissue in the body weak , according to the National Institutes of Health . The defective gene can also cause excessive growth of longer bones in the body , although it 's not clear why this happens . People with Marfan syndrome are usually very tall and thin . They often have longer than usual arms , legs , fingers and toes , according to the NIH . Austin , at 7-foot-1 , matches this description . The center from Arlington , Texas , revealed during his sophomore season at Baylor that he is blind in his right eye as a result of a detached retina he suffered as a teenager . He was expected to be the first partially blind player in the NBA . Eye problems are a common effect of Marfan syndrome . Curved spines , chests that stick out or sink in , flexible joints , and stretch marks not related to weight gain or loss are also visible signs of Marfan syndrome . Less visible , and often unnoticed until it 's too late : weak parts of the aorta -- the large artery that carries blood from the heart to the rest of the body -- which can tear or rupture . Leaky heart valves that can cause a heart murmur are also among the symptoms . As devastating as the news may be for Austin , getting this diagnosis now may be a lifesaver . "  People with Marfan syndrome can live a long life if they are diagnosed and treated with medication and , when necessary , surgery , " Carolyn Levering , president and CEO of The Marfan Foundation , said in a statement . "  Competitive and contact sports need to be halted to protect the fragile aorta . Otherwise , it is prone to tear and possibly rupture , which would cause sudden death . " "  While it is disappointing for Isaiah that he can not pursue a career in the NBA , receiving the diagnosis before a fatal episode is truly a gift . " Nearly 30 years ago , American volleyball player Flo Hyman was playing in a Japanese league . After being taken out of a game for a routine substitution , Sports Illustrated reported in 1986 , she sat on the bench , slid to the floor and died . Her diagnosis of Marfan syndrome was made only after her family requested an autopsy . Hyman never knew she was playing with a dime-sized weak spot on her aorta that burst during the game . The Marfan Foundation estimates about 200,000 people in the United States have Marfan syndrome or a related disorder ; about half do n't know it . Most people who have Marfan syndrome inherit it from their parents , according to the NIH , though a quarter of the cases are not inherited . There is no cure for Marfan syndrome , but getting regular checkups , having surgery , taking medications and wearing a medical alert bracelet can help someone living with the disease have the best possible outcome .	NBA hopeful Isaiah Austin diagnosed with Marfan syndrome Marfan syndrome is a rate genetic disease that leaves connective tissue weak Defective gene can cause excessive bone growth , eye problems
CNN  -- She is only 37 years old , but violinist Midori Goto has already spent 25 years taking center-stage with the world 's best orchestras . Midori first hit center-stage when she was just 11-years-old . Born into a musical family in Osaka , Japan , in 1971 -- her mother and brother are both accomplished musicians -- her own prodigious talents were spotted at an early age by Zubin Mehta , the conductor and one-time musical director of the New York Philharmonic . Inviting Midori to play with the New York Philharmonic in 1982 , he helped to propel her onto the world stage which has been such a large part of her life ever since . She moved to New York to study at the Juilliard School of performing arts and has lead a life entwined with music . Unlike some prodigiously talented people there is no hint of resentment directed toward her and the life she has led . Nor is there any notion of a stolen childhood , despite her admission that she did harbor dreams of being all sorts of other things , from an archeologist or diplomat to a zookeeper or a nun . "  This was my life , I did n't know any other . I took it and I was very happy . Being a child performer opened up opportunities . From a fairly early age I was exposed to different cultures and was traveling round the world . It was a great education , " she told CNN . Being given the opportunity to learn more about different people and experience different places was only one part of this education . While Midori has been practicing and honing her own skills , she has also been given the opportunity to give something back . In 1992 she set up Midori & Friends , a non-profit organization that brings musical education to young people in New York City . "  I was always interested in education ; not just receiving , but also helping others and being part of the community , " she said . From Midori & Friends came Music Sharing , a similar organization in Japan , offering programs in public schools and children 's hospitals . While continuing to perform across the world with renowned orchestras she took some time out to further her own education with a degree in psychology in 2000 and in 2005 received her Masters in Psychology from New York University . But music is and remains her first love and the way in which it connects people and stirs emotions is something she believes is one of the most powerful aspects of music . The world today might be unrecognizable from the world of Bruckner or Bach , but for Midori the way people feel and respond to music and emotions remains the same . "  The very basics of being human has n't changed . We may express ourselves differently , but the fact we do respond and do feel that is something very basic , " she said . And while there are hardships involved in being one of the world 's finest violinists , it still remains a pure pleasure . "  As musicians we 're trained to be self critical so we can get better . But fundamentally we love music . It 's a love that drives us to practice and keep working at it . It 's something I love so much and gives me so much joy . "  With that comes hardships ... there 's never a state of perfection . You try and you try and you try , but at the end you know you ca n't be perfect . It 's humbling , so that it becomes a motivating force , " she told CNN . Continuing her work outside of the concert hall , Midori was made a UN Ambassador for Peace in 2007 , a role she relishes . While it presents her additional opportunities to talk about issues close to her heart , it 's also a position that nourishes her inquisitive mind and another means to connect with people indirectly through her music . These experiences make the world a little more vivid than it was before . And I 'm grateful for that ; it 's also something that motivates me to continue to do it , " she said .	Violinist Midori Goto was child prodigy ; played with NY Philharmonic at age 11 Set up Midori & Friends musicial education group and is a UN Peace Ambassador Has an MA in Psychology and travels the world playing with leading orchestras
CNN  -- Librarians , information specialists , knowledge managers or whatever title a librarian might have -- their skills are in high demand . And , though you might not know it , they are everywhere . And so in their honor during National Library Week , we enjoy the following tidbits of information . Famous people who were librarians FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover , Casanova , Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir , former first lady Laura Bush and China 's Mao Zedong . At one point in their lives , each of them either worked as librarian or in a library . Librarians are techno-savvy Librarians do n't just use books anymore . Searching through tweets , blogs , podcasts , websites and more to find accurate and authoritative information has become more the rule than the exception . At a time where anyone can Google just about anything , librarians do n't just find information , they find the correct information -- and fast . The American Library Association reports reference librarians in the nation 's public and academic libraries answered nearly 5.7 million questions each week in 2010 . Filmmaker 's library Even "  Star Wars " creator George Lucas has his own research library on his Skywalker Ranch . Lucas started the library in 1978 , and the collection is housed under a large stained-glass dome . Librarians influence our culture and society While clearing out old archives at the Palmer Theological Seminary in 2005 , librarian Heather Carbo found a working manuscript of one of Beethoven 's final compositions . Librarians track spy info and classified intelligence When the CIA needs to provide information to the U.S. president , they turn to their librarians . To become one of the U.S. intelligence 's community research experts , a librarian must pass medical and psychological exams , polygraph interviews and clear extensive background investigations . Librarians are heroic Alia Muhammad Baker , the chief librarian of Basra , Iraq , removed 30,000 books from the city 's main library before it was destroyed during the 2003 invasion of Iraq . Their numbers are many In 2009 , there were 206,000 librarians , 50,000 library technicians and 96,000 other education , training and library workers Librarians are behind the scenes in current events -- Federal government shutdown . Lawmakers go to the Congressional Research Service , a division of the Library of Congress , for information . -- The royal wedding at Westminster Abbey . The Abbey 's Library and Muniment Room has a historic collection of books , manuscripts and archival material . -- NATO no-fly zone over Libya . NATO 's Brussels Headquarters houses a multimedia library with a collection focusing on international relations , security and defense , military questions and world affairs . Warning to readers about librarians A character in "  The Callahan Touch " , one of science fiction writer Spider Robinson 's books , said , "  Librarians are the secret masters of the universe . They control information . Never piss one off . " Good advice . Kerith Page McFadden has a masters of library science from the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill and has been a librarian at CNN for the past 12 years .	It 's National Library Week ; past library workers include world leaders and a famous lover "  Star Wars " creator George Lucas has his own research library on his Skywalker Ranch . The chief librarian of Basra , Iraq , removed 30,000 books from library before it was destroyed A librarian found one of Beethoven 's final compositions at Palmer Theological
CNN  -- A woman who was beheaded near Buffalo , New York -- allegedly by her husband -- may have been on the phone with her sister when she was killed . Muzzammil Hassan has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of his wife , Aasiya Zubair Hassan . Asma Firfirey of suburban Cape Town , South Africa , told the Afrikaans newspaper Die Burger that she was on the phone with her sister , Aasiya Zubair Hassan , last week when she heard Hassan tell her husband to calm down . She said she heard Hassan say the two could talk about their impending divorce the following day . Then she heard something that sounded like her sister struggling to breathe , she said . "  I can only imagine how scared and emotional she must have been before she died , " Firfirey said in the interview , reported in English by South Africa 's News 24 . Police have charged Hassan 's husband , Muzzammil Hassan , with second-degree , or intentional , murder in the death of his wife , according to the Erie County District Attorney 's Office . Her decapitated body was found at the offices of Bridges TV , the television network where Muzzammil Hassan was chief executive officer and Aasiya Hassan was general manager . Hassan told Orchard Park police his wife was dead , led officers to her body and was arrested Thursday , said Erie County District Attorney Frank Sedita III . He is scheduled to appear in court Wednesday . Orchard Park Police Chief Andrew Benz on Tuesday contradicted a CNN report that quoted him as saying Hassan confessed to the crime . A Buffalo attorney told CNN on Tuesday that he expects to represent Hassan but declined further comment , saying details had not yet been worked out . Hassan came to America from Pakistan 25 years ago and became a successful banker , but he and his wife were troubled by the negative perception of Muslims , Voice of America reported in 2004 . Speaking in December 2004 , Hassan said his wife , then pregnant , was worried about that perception and "  felt there should be an American Muslim media where her kids could grow up feeling really strong about their identity as an American Muslim . " "  So she came up with the idea and turned to me and said , ` Why do n't you do it ? ' " he said . "  And I was like , I have no clue about television . I 'm a banker . ... And her comment was , ` You have an MBA . Why do n't you write a business plan ? ' " Bridges TV began as a television network for Muslim-Americans , aimed at overcoming the negative stereotypes associated with the religion . "  There should be a Muslim media , " Muzzammil Hassan told VOA , "  so that Muslim children growing up in America grow up with the self-confidence and high self-esteem about their identity both as Americans and as Muslims . " In the past few years , according to a former employee who asked not to be named for fear of retribution , Bridges TV transformed itself into more of a cross-cultural network seeking to bridge the gap between all cultures . Most of their employees were not Muslim , the former employee said , and Muzzammil Hassan himself was not devout . Aasiya Hassan filed for divorce February 6 , police said , and Muzzammil Hassan was served with divorce papers at the station . That night , he showed up at the couple 's home , she notified authorities and he was served with a restraining order . Police are not commenting on details of the crime , except to say the woman 's body did not appear to have been moved . They also would not divulge what Muzzammil Hassan told police or the suspected motive . The law firm representing Aasiya Hassan refused to comment , only confirming that she had filed for divorce . Benz told CNN on Tuesday that police had responded to several domestic violence calls at the couple 's address , but no one was arrested . Firfirey , as well as a Pakistani woman identifying herself as another of Aasiya Hassan 's sisters , characterized her as living in fear . Firfirey said the last time she saw her sister was in May 2008 , when she visited South Africa . When she arrived , she was badly injured , and Firfirey 's family paid the equivalent of about $ 3,000 for her to be treated , she said . Aasiya Hassan returned to America , she said , because she wanted to complete her MBA degree and "  did n't want to leave her children with that monster . " She said she calls Muzzammil Hassan "  the fat man with evil eyes . " Aasiya Hassan would have graduated March 6 , Firfirey said . A woman in Pakistan using the name Salma Zubair posted on a blog that she is the sister of "  this brutally murdered woman . " "  She lived her 8 years of married life with fear in heart , " Zubair wrote . "  He had already frightened her enough that she could n't muster up her guts and leave him , and when she finally did gather that much strength he killed her so brutally . She lived to protect her children from this man and his family and she died doing so . " She said Aasiya Hassan "  had always been a very loving person , not even one person in this world can say a small wrong word about her ... she had always dreamed a life of a happily married family , which she did her best to achieve . " Both women said they were worried about the couple 's children , ages 4 and 6 . Firfirey said they were being cared for by a colleague of the couple . Muzzammil Hassan also has two older children from a previous marriage . Members of Muzzammil Hassan 's family did not return calls from CNN on Monday . The former employee told CNN that Aasiya Hassan was popular at the station and was very kind . Muzzammil Hassan was known among employees for having a temper -- he sometimes would yell at and demean his wife , but at other times appeared to be a loving husband and father , the former employee said . Bridges TV released a statement Monday saying its staff was "  deeply shocked and saddened by the murder of Aasiya Hassan and the subsequent arrest of Muzzammil Hassan . Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim . " Imam Mohamed Hagmagid Ali , vice president of the Islamic Society of North America , said Aasiya Hassan 's death serves "  as a wake-up call to call of us , that violence against women is real and can not be ignored ... the Muslim community is not exempt from this issue . We , the Muslim community , need to take a strong stand against domestic violence . " CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	New York man charged with second-degree murder after wife found beheaded Police : Woman 's decapitated body found at TV station where she , husband worked Report : Sister says she may have been on phone with victim when she was killed Aasiya Zubair Hassan had filed for divorce from Muzzammil Hassan days earlier
CNN  Actor Gary Busey hit a pedestrian while he was backing out of a parking lot in Malibu , authorities said . Busey , 70 , was leaving a shopping center Friday afternoon when he allegedly hit the unidentified woman . She was treated and released at the scene , authorities said . He was not cited and there was no evidence of alcohol or illegal substances , said Lt. Anthony Rotella of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . Busey has appeared in movies such as "  The Buddy Holly Story " and "  Lethal Weapon . " This is the second accident in a week involving a celebrity on Malibu 's Pacific Coast Highway Last week , reality TV star Bruce Jenner was involved in a multicar accident that left a woman dead .	The actor was leaving a shopping center when he hit the woman He has appeared in movies such as "  The Buddy Holly Story " and "  Lethal Weapon "
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Italian authorities Tuesday arrested two suspects believed to be responsible for the September 18 killing of six African immigrants in Castelvolturno , a small town of 20,000 residents north of Naples . The army has been deployed in major cities aross Italy since the early summer . Police also arrested a third man wanted by authorities for belonging to the same clan , but not directly linked to the killings . The victims were gunned down in a hail of bullets as they stood outside a store selling ethnic goods . The attack sparked a riot by immigrants who complained about "  racism " but officials suspect a dispute over drug trafficking . Those arrested , Alessandro Cirillo , Oreste Spagnuolo and Giovanni Letizia , were on the list of the 100 most dangerous men and wanted criminals in Italy . The arrests were part of a large police operation aimed at cracking down on organized crime in the Campania region and in particular the powerful Casalesi clan belonging to the Neapolitan mafia known as Camorra . The Casalesi clan and the area where the arrests took place prominently featured in the best seller "  Gomorrah , " a book written by Roberto Saviano who now lives under constant police protection . "  This is a great day for the Italian state , " said Carmelo Casabona , head of the police in Caserta . "  The operation was an immediate , concrete and strong answer to organized crime in this region . " Two weeks ago , the Italian interior minister announced the deployment of 400 additional police officers in the area . And the Italian military will deploy 500 troops by Saturday as part of a large operation Italian officials say is aimed at "  reclaiming the control of the territory . " "  Our objective is to take the water away from the sharks , " said Italian Interior Minister Roberto Maroni . He explained that the additional police officers are already working , while the army 's role will be defined at a key meeting Friday in Caserta . In the suspects ' home , police found weapons including two AK-47s that investigators say were used to carry out the killings in Castelvolturno , as well as police overalls , one gun and one pump rifle . Authorities also arrested dozens of other people , including the wife of Francesco Schiavone , aka "  Sandokan , " the head of the Casalesi clan who was arrested a decade ago and is serving a life-time prison sentence . As part of the same operation , Italian financial police confiscated 43 companies and 134 apartments spread throughout central and southern Italy belonging to the Casalesi clan , worth more than 100 million euros  $ 144 million  . CNN Producer Flavia Taggiasco contributed to this report .	Two suspects arrested over killing of six African immigrants in Italy Victims were gunned down in a hail of bullets in town north of Naples Arrests part of large police operation aimed at tackling organized crime
CNN  -- Engine trouble during takeoff forced a Delta plane headed to the Bahamas to return to Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on Thursday morning . Passenger Angela Havely said flames emerged from the left engine on takeoff . "  There was a lot of smoke , " she said , adding that she feared for her life . Delta Flight 717 , bound for Nassau , departed about 10:40 a.m. with 182 passengers and six crew members on board , according to Delta spokesman Anthony Black . The plane turned around and landed at Hartsfield after problems with the engine , he said . No injuries were reported . The Federal Aviation Administration said it would investigate the incident . In the meantime , the plane will be swapped with another aircraft , and passengers were scheduled to take off about 1:45 p.m. Havely said she and the passengers received $ 100 vouchers for the inconvenience .	Flames emerged from a Delta plane 's engine during takeoff , passenger said Smoke filled the cabin , and the flight returned to Atlanta 's airport There were no reported injuries among the 182 passengers
CNN  -- A roadside bomb attack Thursday in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , injured the nation 's interior minister and killed one of his secretaries , according to a source close to the minister . The Bakaraha market in Somalia 's capital is one of the most dangerous areas of the city . The mid-day attack on Abdukadir Ali Omar , a member of the transitional government , left him with shrapnel wounds to his leg . The extent of his injuries was unclear , said the source , who requested anonymity because he is not allowed to speak to the media . The explosion occurred about noon at the Bakaraha market , in one of the most dangerous areas of the city . The interior minister is a popular moderate who led assaults against Ethiopian forces during their invasion of Somalia . Ethiopian troops invaded the country at its request in December 2006 . The Ethiopian invasion ousted the Islamic Courts Union , an Islamic movement that had claimed control of Mogadishu earlier that year . Thursday 's attack on Ali Omar fueled concerns that moderate Islamists would strike out against the hardline Al-Shabab , which is suspected in the explosion . Al-Shabab -- which the United States has designated a terror organization -- warmly welcomed a recent call for the overthrow of Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , Somalia 's new president . The call , delivered via an audio recording , purportedly came from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . -- Journalist Mohamed Amin Adow contributed to this report .	Attack on Abdukadir Ali Omar left him with shrapnel wounds to his leg Explosion occurred about noon at the Bakaraha market in Mogadishu Interior minister is a popular moderate in Somalia Fueled concerns moderate Islamists would strike against hardline Al-Shabab
CNN  Wednesday 's terrorist attack , which killed 23 people , hit Tunisia where it hurt by targeting its flourishing tourism industry . The deadly attack on the prominent Bardo Museum near Tunisia 's parliament in the country 's capital , Tunis , is the latest instance of an armed assault carried out by gunmen willing to fight to the death , a tactic that has been widely adopted by jihadist terrorists in recent years , including in North Africa . Such attacks mimic the 2008 Mumbai assaults in which 10 gunmen from Pakistan went on a rampage in the massive Indian port city . They took hostages and killed more than 160 people over a three-day period , in an attack that drew sustained global TV coverage . The gunmen attacked iconic Mumbai targets such as the Taj hotel , which is frequented by Westerners . The Mumbai gunmen embarked on their attack knowing that it was a "  fedayeen " mission -- meaning "  those who sacrifice themselves " -- and that they would probably fight to the death . Only one gunman survived . In this week 's Tunisia attack , the gunmen took hostages , two gunmen died in the assault , and three survived and are being hunted by the Tunisian government . Tunisian Prime Minister Habib Essid said the attackers at the Bardo Museum had specifically targeted tourists to hurt the country 's economy . This seems a likely outcome of the attack , as tourism is vital to Tunisia 's economy , providing 15 % of GDP . Tunisia is also the only country where the Arab Spring produced a successful , lasting democratic transition , making it attractive to tourists who are avoiding going to countries like Egypt , which did not weather the Arab Spring as well as Tunisia . Already , some tour companies are canceling excursions to Tunis . In January , in Tunisia 's neighbor Libya , the local branch of ISIS mounted a similar attack on the upscale Corinthia Hotel in the capital , Tripoli . Two gunmen , one of them a Tunisian , killed 10 people , including an American . Both gunmen died in the attack . This attack served ISIS ' purposes of sowing greater instability in Libya and expunging Western influence from the country , as the hotel was where many foreign businessmen stayed . A senior US official told one of us that the U.S. intelligence community estimates that jihadist terrorist groups such as ISIS now control a twelfth of the landmass of Libya , which is one of the largest countries on the African continent . This is a sobering finding for Tunisia , which had been largely immune from the kinds of terrorist attacks that have recently plagued Libya and other North African countries . While the museum attack in Tunisia and the hotel attack in Libya may help terrorist groups to achieve their strategic goals , more often than not , armed assaults by terrorists against so-called soft targets such as hotels , supermarkets and malls do not achieve much beyond the tactical successes of global news coverage and causing mayhem . In September 2013 , Al-Shabaab , the Somali al Qaeda affiliate , killed 67 people in a fedayeen-style armed assault on the Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya . Four gunmen carried out the attack , which unspooled over a four-day period . The Westgate attack received much global news coverage and was designed to put pressure on the Kenyan government , which had sent troops to Somalia to fight Al-Shabaab . However , a year and a half after the attack on the mall , Al-Shabaab continues to lose territory in Somalia , and the Kenyan military has continued to battle the terrorist group . The plague of Mumbai-style armed assaults by jihadist terrorists is not confined to Africa . In January , Mumbai-style tactics were used in Paris when Cherif and Said Kouachi and Amedy Coulibaly conducted armed assaults on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo and a kosher supermarket over a three-day period . All three gunmen were killed . In a videotape , Coulibaly said ISIS inspired him . The Paris attacks received considerable coverage around the world but had no impact on France 's willingness to continue its involvement in coalition airstrikes against ISIS .	Tunisia weathered the Arab Spring and has been buoyed by its tourism industry Authors : The fedayeen-style attacks are an effort to spread fear and weaken the nation
CNN  -- A trio of rare Snow Leopard cubs have made their public debut at a zoo in Switzerland this week . The as yet unnamed triplets , born in Basel Zoo eight weeks ago , were displayed on Wednesday with their proud parents . Mayhan , the cubs ' mother , was paired with father Pator in 2009 as part of a Europe-wide zoo breeding program . The pregnancy was confirmed in January this year . The zoo said the cubs , who are still being suckled by their mother , are expected to remain in Basel for their first three years but will later travel as ambassadors for their endangered species . Snow leopards are usually found in the Himalayan ranges of central Asia at altitudes of up to 6,000 meters . The species has been pushed to the brink of extinction by farmers protecting their livestock and hunters who sell its fur and body parts , which are prized by some traditional Chinese medicine practitioners . There are now an estimated 3,500 to 7,000 snow leopards left living in the wild , according to the Snow Leopard Trust .	Rare snow leopard triplets born eight weeks ago Parents Mayhan and Pator were brought together in 2009 Snow leopards are an endangered species in their natural habitat in the Himalayas
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court is prepared to take on an emotionally charged case : the massive health care reform legislation championed by President Barack Obama . The court will hear six hours of oral arguments over three days on the law 's constitutionality . Here are some frequently asked questions on the crucial issues : Question : What is the law and who is challenging it ? Answer : The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act  PPACA  was passed by Congress in 2010 by a Democratic congressional majority with the support of the president . It has about 2,700 pages and contains 450 some provisions . The signature policy accomplishment thus far of Obama 's presidency , the comprehensive legislation has received mixed reviews in the lower federal courts . Preview : ` The implications ... are impossible to overstate ' One part of the law stands as the focus of the judicial dispute and threatens to collapse the entire legislation . The "  individual mandate " provision requires most Americans to purchase health insurance by 2014 or face a financial penalty . Its purpose is to spread health care costs to a larger pool of individuals . Various states and individuals have argued the Constitution 's Commerce Clause does not give government the authority to force Americans to purchase a commercial product such as health insurance they may not want or need . The opposing states equate such a requirement to a burdensome regulation of "  inactivity . " The Justice Department has countered by saying the changes do not amount to taxpayer financing or a new government-run program . Supporters say Congress wanted to ensure universal coverage by forcing insurance companies to expand coverage without bankrupting them . The individual mandate , they argue , will ensure enough money is in the system to benefit all Americans . Federal officials cite 2008 figures of $ 43 billion in uncompensated costs from the millions of uninsured people who receive health services , costs that are shifted to insurance companies and passed on to consumers . The largest and broadest legal challenge to the PPACA comes from a joint filing by 26 states , led by Florida . It was that series of appeals the high court has accepted for review . Lawyers for the states and a private business coalition will argue their case against the Justice Department , representing the administration and Congress . An insider 's look at how the Supreme Court works Question : What specific issues will the court address ? Answer : The court will decide four separate legal questions in these appeals : -- Key issue : Does the law overstep federal authority ? This is particularly in regard to the key coverage and funding provision : an "  individual mandate " requiring most Americans to purchase health insurance or pay a financial penalty . -- Domino-effect issue : Must the entire PPACA be scrapped if that key provision is unconstitutional ? -- National policy implications issue : Are states being "  coerced " by the federal government to expand their share of Medicaid costs and administration , with the risk of losing that funding if they refuse ? -- Jurisdictional issue : Are the lawsuits brought by the states and other petitioners barred under the Anti-Injunction Act , and must they wait until the law goes into effect ? This simplifies the legal issues to some extent , given the sweep and complexity of the healthcare law . The high court 's focus will be more about how to pay for the medical care , and less about the new or expanded services the law would guarantee . Question : I wo n't be among the lucky few who can get seats to these historic arguments . What will go inside the courtroom ? Answer : The court has carved out its entire week of arguments for this issue -- six hours spread over three days -- in an extremely rare move . Ceremony and decorum will reign . Court sessions begin promptly at 10 a.m. ET , with the marshal calling the court to order . The chief justice , contrary to popular belief , does not use the wooden gavel . The audience rises as the robed justices enter through red velvet curtains from a back room . After a scripted welcome read by the marshal -- "  oyez , oyez , oyez ... " -- the sessions begin . Chief Justice John Roberts will announce the case and arguments will proceed . The four appeals here will each last from one to two hours , and each side 's lawyers will get equal time . The public is invited but seating is limited to about 400 . Many spectators wanting to view history will camp out in line many hours before , on the court 's marbled outdoor plaza , waiting for a precious seat . Question : I know they 're called arguments but is that what the justices will be doing -- fighting among themselves ? Answer : "  Argument " is misleading but does reflect the adversarial legal system unique in many ways to the United States . Essentially the lawyers separately presenting their cases will be peppered with questions from the justices , often rapid-fire and legally dense . No witnesses , testimony or visual presentations are allowed . A good appellate lawyer standing at the lectern will be able to think on her feet , answering the questions without giving away too much . Many veteran attorneys will say it is hard to sway a justice at argument to your side , but it 's easy to cede your core position with a weak presentation . Confidence but not arrogance is the tricky balance a lawyer must navigate , as is the ability to anticipate where the line of questioning may lead . A case does not reach the high court because it is easy , and that is true with this complex health care law . The justices inevitably tread on the rim of the nation 's laws -- the "  outer markers " as Justice Stephen Breyer put it -- and must craft a constitutionally credible ruling that will establish precedent , addressing guidelines for courts perhaps many decades . To help them , the justices offer hypotheticals in their questions , seeing how far the Constitution or issue at hand can be taken and still satisfy judicial scrutiny . The more outrageous the hypothetical , the easier it sometimes is for a wavering justice to get her head around a troubling aspect . Tensions do get high in the court sometimes , as the justices not only compete for time to ask questions but spar over ideology and legal reasoning . The chief justice is the gatekeeper of sorts , keeping the debate civil and ensuring one justice does not step on another and that a lawyer has time to answer the question . Seniority gives way when two justices talk at the same time . Reporters and court watchers will look for clues in the justices ' comments and questions about how they will eventually vote . A withering line of questions from justices on both the left and right aimed at one lawyer does not necessarily spell doom for a particular side , but it may give the bench more to think about than they had anticipated . Some justices , such as Antonin Scalia , will bluntly tell his colleagues at argument what he thinks of the case , while others , such as Sonia Sotomayor , are more opaque , equally tough in questioning both sides . Justice Clarence Thomas has not spoken at argument in more than six years , preferring to let the lawyers plead their case without much interruption . That scenario will not happen on this "  hot " verbally active bench . Question : So what happens afterward ? Answer : One thing is certain : We will not get a ruling from bench at argument or shortly thereafter . The justices will meet privately as a group , perhaps Thursday or Friday , where they will go ahead and vote on the four issues . The chief justice will lead the debate , going by seniority down the line . Each justice will say how he or she votes and can offer a brief explanation of the reasoning , brief being the key word . The current bench does not favor long-winded discussions at their closed-door conference , the substance of which is never revealed publicly . The court speaks through , and draws it power from , their written opinions . Thus the opinion-crafting process is all-important . The chief justice -- when he is in the majority -- has the power to assign the author of the main ruling . Remember , there are four issues here , and we will likely get four separate written decisions . Because the questions are related , it will make the writing and collaboration process that much more difficult , so it is likely we will not get opinions until late June . Five votes are needed for a majority . The losing side by tradition drafts a written dissent . The real work of the court goes on behind the scenes as the justices communicate with their respective chambers to craft majority and dissenting opinions that each side can sign onto in support . An individual justice has the power to write a separate "  concurrence , " supporting the outcome , but for different legal reasons . The more concurrences that pop up , the less force that majority opinion commands , since future courts will see mixed messages over the legal interpretation . Divided 5-4 rulings also diminish the force of jurisprudence , since the public may view the issue as a strictly partisan exercise along ideological lines . The court has five justices that can reliably be called "  conservative , " and four justices that can reliably be called "  liberal " -- terms the justices themselves dispute and refute . But in these health care cases , the breakdown of the rulings may not fall along expected divisions . That unpredictability makes the current Roberts court so fascinating to watch . Finally , the court will not announce beforehand exactly when it hands down the rulings , but the justices are set to end their work for the summer in late June . So between now and then , reporters and interested parties will dutifully show up on scheduled "  opinion days " and wait for history -- and the discretion of nine independent justices -- to reveal itself .	What specific questions will the Supreme Court address ? What exactly goes on in the court during a hearing ? During "  arguments , " are the justices really arguing ? When can we expect some decisions from the high court ?
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced on Thursday -- St. Patrick 's Day -- that he will stop in Ireland in May as a side trip from his state visit to the United Kingdom , and that he hopes to visit the birthplace there of his great-great-great-great-great grandfather . He made the announcement as he met with the Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny in the Oval Office . The birthplace is in Moneygall , he said , adding that he also plans to visit "  famous sites " in the country . Obama -- clad in a light green tie and sporting shamrocks emerging from his suit pocket -- stressed the "  incredible bond " between the two countries . Beyond the customary comments on his guest 's leadership , the president thanked Ireland for its assistance with the U.S. effort in Afghanistan and on issues such as food security , and hailed progress and stability in Northern Ireland . For his part , Kenny , who wore an even greener tie , said his country will be honored to host Obama in May , and he is even looking forward to a possible round of golf with the president . Obama said he heard the prime minister 's game was pretty good so he may need to practice a bit before hitting the links with Kenny . After the Oval Office meeting , Kenny , Obama and Vice President Joe Biden were scheduled to attend a St. Patrick 's Day lunch at the Capitol featuring roast angus beef with wild onion chanterelle compote , followed by an evening reception in the East Room of the White House . Kenny began the day with a trip to Biden 's residence at the Naval Observatory for a breakfast with guests that included U.S. senators , Supreme Court justices , and Cabinet secretaries . Kenny , who was elected to his post earlier this year , is facing problems at home with high unemployment and a tough economic environment in the wake of the country 's near miss with bankruptcy last year . This is his first visit to Washington as prime minister and his first meeting with Obama .	Obama meets with Irish Prime Minister Kenny in the Oval Office The president says he will visit Ireland in May An evening reception for the prime minister is scheduled in the White House
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Joseph Ruskin , who acted in 25 films and 124 television shows , died of natural causes in a Santa Monica , California , hospital Saturday , SAG-AFTRA announced Tuesday . Ruskin was 89 . Ruskin 's big screen credits included roles in "  The Magnificent Seven , " "  Prizzi 's Honor , " "  Indecent Proposal " and "  Smokin ' Aces . " His TV credits included "  Twilight Zone , " "  Star Trek , " "  Mission Impossible " and "  Alias . "  He began and ended his acting career on the stage . His first professional performances were at the Pittsburgh Playhouse and the Rochester Arena Stage after he left the U.S. Navy following World War II . His last theater performance came this year as a member of the Antaeus Theatre Company of Los Angeles . He appeared in the 2012 Antaeus production of "  You Ca n't Take It With You . " He took his final bow on stage in 2013 in the company 's "  The Crucible " production . "  Joe was the epitome of the actor who takes care of all the other actors while keeping one foot firmly planted on the stage or the set , " SAG-AFTRA President Ken Howard said .  "  He gave so much for so long it 's hard to believe he 's gone . " Ruskin "  devoted so much of his time in the 1980s " to the merger of the two actors ' unions -- SAG and AFTRA , -- which became a reality in 2012 , Howard said . He served on the Screen Actors Guild board from 1976 through 1999 , including eight years as 1st national vice president , the SAG-AFTRA release said . He was the first Western Regional Vice President of Actors Equity Association and served a decade on AFTRA 's national board . Ruskin , whose real name was Joseph Schlafman , was born in Haverhill , Massachusetts , but attended high school in Cleveland , Ohio . He joined the Navy in 1942 . He studied drama at Carnegie Tech -- now Carnegie-Mellon University -- after the war , which led to his professional acting career . Photos : People we lost in 2013	Ruskin 's film credits include "  The Magnificent Seven , " "  Prizzi 's Honor , " "  Indecent Proposal " His 124 TV roles include "  Twilight Zone , " "  Star Trek , " "  Mission Impossible " and "  Alias " His last performance was on a Los Angeles stage in 2013 in "  The Crucible " Ruskin was active in two actors ' unions and pushed for their merger
When R&B singer Seal and Heidi Klum met in a New York City hotel lobby , the supermodel told CNN 's Piers Morgan , "  it was kind of like two magnets . " The model-turned-mogul , TV superstar and mother of four is a guest on Friday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Klum said that she was sitting in the lobby with a mutual friend of hers and Seal 's , and that Seal did n't even recognize the internationally famous model . Klum told the story of the couple 's engagement , in which the singer had an igloo built on a mountaintop in the Canadian Rockies , to which he whisked her by helicopter . "  And then we get there , " Klum said . "  We hop off and the helicopter leaves , and there we are in the middle of nowhere . It was beautiful . And then he had his guitar with him . And he sang a song for me and he went down on his knee . " Klum described the igloo as "  a full-on igloo with a bed inside with pillows and blankets and candles and rose petals . " When Morgan asked Klum how the couple manages to sustain such a happy relationship , Klum said "  I just think because we love each other . We have fun with each other . We respect each other . I let him do his thing , even though that 's hard for me sometimes . " Klum , 38 , admitted that she had to forgo her propensity for controlling things and "  learned how you have to , like , let him do his creative thing , because I am quite bossy in my industry . " When Morgan asked if the couple was planning on having more children , Klum answered , "  No , we have four children , and we 're complete now . " With the ninth-season finale of "  Project Runway " coming up , Klum told Morgan she never imagined the series would last so long . "  No way , " she said . "  No . You just do n't when you get into something like that . You know , when we first created ` Project Runway , ' it was Harvey Weinstein , Desiree Gruber , my publicist for the last 15 years and myself , and we just shopped it around . We went to all these different networks and tried to explain to them what we wanted to do was a show about fashion . " Klum said that she had a hard time convincing networks that they had a hit for them . "  Everyone was like , ` Well , why is that interesting ? Why would we want to watch how people make clothes ? ' " Klum said . When "  Project Runway " finally found a network to call home , she said , what really led to success was word of mouth . Klum told Morgan that audiences love the show "  because it 's really about talent . " When Morgan asked Klum if she grew up dreaming of being a model , the Germany native told the CNN host that as a child , she did n't even know that modeling was a career option . "  I did n't even know that that was a job , to be honest , " she said . "  I wanted to be a fashion designer . " Klum called her entre into fashion modeling "  pure luck " and likened it to "  winning the lottery " when she told Morgan the story . "  I entered a competition , " she said . "  I , literally , out of a fashion magazine , cut out a coupon with my girlfriend , sent some random photos in that she took of me , entered this competition . And it went on for six months . It was a model search . " Klum , who also host 's "  Germany 's Next Top Model " in her native country , told Morgan that she counts getting "  Project Runway " on the air among her most cherished business successes . She also called designing her real passion and said she continues to design : There 's a Heidi Klum for New Balance line of apparel and sneakers , Wildlife by Heidi Klum is sold on QVC , Heidi Klum on AOL , Shine by Heidi Klum , a fragrance with Coty , and more . Klum , who has lived in the United States since 1994 , became an American citizen before the 2008 presidential election so she could vote for Barack Obama . She holds dual citizenship and remains a German . "  I 've been paying quite a few taxes in this city -- in this country , " she said . "  And I felt that it would be right for me to vote for the next president . "	Heidi Klum said Seal proposed to her in front of an igloo he had built The couple has four children ; Klum said love and respect help them maintain a happy marriage She calls "  Project Runway " her great business success , says her passion is design
