CNN  -- As the New Year approached , millions anxiously followed the news from two very different parts of the world about two very different women -- women whose lives somehow touched us , whose fate seemed , somehow , linked to all of us . The world held its breath when word came that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was hospitalized in New York . The news arrived at a time when we were trying to absorb , with profound sadness , a seemingly unrelated drama unfolding thousands of miles away . In New Delhi , a 23-year-old woman , a university student on her way home after watching a movie with her boyfriend , was brutally raped and beaten by a group of men . She later died from her injuries . The parallel stories point to a sharp divide in the worldwide struggle for women 's equality . While women have made major strides , in some cases reaching the pinnacle of power , the most fundamental human rights -- such as freedom to go outside without risking harassment and physical attack -- elude millions , and full equality remains an unreached goal for most . iReport : ` She could have been me ' Clinton , one of the world 's most powerful women and an icon of the global fight for women 's equality , has returned home and doctors say they expect a full recovery . In India , the plight of an anonymous woman nicknamed "  Nirbhaya , " Sanskrit for dauntless , has become a turning point for the country .  That we do n't use Nirbhaya 's real name proves the grotesque reality that being raped remains a source of shame for the victim . Nirbhaya 's ashes have been scattered , and it seems her death was not in vain . The attack sent tens of thousands of people -- men and women -- into New Delhi 's streets and pulled the thick cover from India 's unspeakable rape statistics . Most rapes go unreported for good reason . Of the more than 600 cases filed with the Delhi police last year , only one resulted in conviction . Powerless rape victims often resort to suicide . News : Clinton 's future ` as good as her past , ' docs say The contrast could not be sharper with the woman many call simply Hillary . Speculation about whether she will run for president in 2016 is unending . The day she was hospitalized with a blood clot , we heard that she again came in first in Gallup 's Most Admired Woman poll , finishing at the top for 11 years in a row and a total of 17 times since 1993 , more than anyone in Gallup 's history . She is probably the world 's best-known woman and unquestionably one of the most influential . But she is only one of many who have reached so far . Women lead some of the globe 's biggest , most important countries . Chancellor Angela Merkel heads the government of Germany , Julia Gillard leads Australia , Dilma Rousseff is president of Brazil , and the list goes on . American voters just elected 20 women to the Senate , the largest number in history . And yet , that 's just 20 % of the seats . It 's sad we find this an accomplishment worth celebrating . The push for equality has unleashed push-back . Rape , we are told , is about power . In traditional societies , men see improvements in the status of women as a challenge to their own . Sexual assaults by gangs of self-congratulating , hyperventilating men , whether in New Delhi , in Cairo 's Tahrir Square or somewhere in Somalia , amount to chest-pounding assertions of dominance from fearful , cowardly individuals . In countries with strong laws and changing attitudes about women , the number of rapes has been plummeting . Opinion : End global rape culture Then there are the murders and attempted murders . Last year we saw Pakistan 's Taliban try to kill Malala Yousafzai , the 14-year-old girl who demanded nothing more than the right to an education . And last month , in neighboring Afghanistan , gunmen murdered Najia Sediqi , the provincial director of women 's affairs . Between the two extremes in women 's status , we have a much less dramatic -- but still crucial -- struggle . The women of Egypt , who stood on the front lines of the revolution , will now have to live with a new constitution that commits the state to "  preserve the genuine character of the Egyptian family " and vaguely notes the "  duties of a woman toward her family , " opening the door to who-knows-what efforts by the state to keep women in their place . In the United States , where progress is indisputable in so many areas , women still make , in the aggregate , 76 cents for every dollar men earn . Inequality is pervasive in areas that are subtly important . Despite having a female secretary of State , and even , possibly , a female secretary of Defense on the horizon , Washington remains a "  city of men , " as the writer Micah Zenko noted , with women woefully underrepresented in the corridors of power , in think tanks and in academia . Women 's minds and ideas do n't receive an equal hearing on the national stage partly because , as one survey showed , only 20 % of all op-eds are written by women , and just 15 % of columns dealing with foreign policy and security issues . Opinion : House GOP failed women on Violence Against Women Act Every women walks on the path laid painstakingly and deliberately by people like Hillary Clinton , or accidentally , tragically , by women like Nirbhaya . The road to women 's equality , it turns out , is paved with potholes , quicksand and death traps . There is a reason so many feel a close connection to Hillary Clinton and to Nirbhaya . Their stories , like those of 3 billion others , are of women seeking to make it in what is still today mostly a man 's world . As Clinton recovers and as the people of India work to build a positive legacy from Nirbhaya 's death , the obvious lesson is that much work remains ahead . Strong headwinds will push against women 's progress , but progress can be achieved through urgent legislation , through patient education , and when necessary -- as it is now -- through mass protests and unrelentingly firm demands . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Hillary Clinton illness and New Delhi rape tell different stories about state of women She says women 's equality faces sharp divide ; some ascend , most kept powerless She says Egypt 's new constitution presents time-bomb for new oppression of women Ghitis : Progress for women needs strong legislation , education , sometimes protests
CNN  -- It 's the story which just refuses to go away -- and now a new FIFA "  whistle-blower " has claimed bribes were offered in exchange for votes during the World Cup 2018 and 2022 bidding process . A former member of FIFA 's ethics committee , Les Murray , says a member of the world governing body 's executive committee asked a member of the Australian bid team for the 2022 World Cup for a kickback in exchange for a vote . "  I know of one particular instance where one of the Australia bid team was asked for cash money by one of the executive committee members , " Murray told CNN . "  I then reported that to the chairman of the investigative chamber of the executive committee , Michael Garcia , so even I have this evidence . " The bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments has been the subject of an independent FIFA investigation by American lawyer Garcia following allegations of corruption . Garcia 's report led to two female "  whistle-blowers " being identified , with Murray now the third individual to come forward and identify problems with the bidding process . But the American lawyer 's report has become mired in controversy after German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert -- FIFA 's independent ethics adjudicator -- published a summary of the evidence the American had collated . FIFA 's hopes of drawing a line over the World Cup bidding saga almost immediately evaporated when Garcia said the 42-page summary contained "  numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations . " Murray , who also works with Australian broadcaster SBS , went on : "  I was on the FIFA ethics committee at the time . The FIFA ethics committee was not dealing with the bid process at that time . "  But once Michael Garcia began his investigation into the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , I reported this to Michael Garcia , as was my duty . " While Murray refused to name the person who is alleged to have asked for a financial incentive and whether they are a current FIFA executive committee member , he says he was not surprised by the incident . "  A very high level official , a trusted , reliable person who I know reported this to me . This person is a member of the Australian bid team , " said the 69-year-old Murray , who is known as Australia 's ` Mr. Football . "  Matters related to the 2018/2022 enquiry are solely handled by the investigatory chamber of the independent FIFA Ethics Committee and as such we are not in position to make any comments , " said FIFA in a statement . "  But we have passed on your enquiry to the FIFA Ethics Committee accordingly . " In September Garcia said for the first time that his report should be made public with redactions , though FIFA has always maintained it should remain private over confidentiality issues . "  So that 's an impasse that should be sorted , " said Murray , who was a member of the Ethics Committee between 2003 and 2013 , and as of July 2012 a member of the Investigatory Chamber , according to FIFA , before he left the organization just over a year aog . "  In my opinion it should be published , of course , " added the Australian . "  If there is going to be transparency you can not keep things from the public and FIFA has to publish these things in the end . " However Murray 's intervention came as a surprise to one former member of the Australian bid team . "  The idea of Les Murray being a ` whistle-blower ' is interesting , but not one that 's weighed down by evidence , " Bonita Mersiades , former head of corporate affairs for the bid team , told CNN . "  It 's time to stop hiding behind this culture of silence and the quaint concept of confidentiality that pervades FIFA , " she added . "  Les says he is ` perfectly free to talk about this ' , yet he is coy when asked who it is . Fans are entitled to know . " If Murray refused to name names surrounding the allegations of bribery , he was more forthcoming in his views on Qatar winning the right to host the 2022 World Cup . The Gulf State has repeatedly denied allegations that it bought votes and was cleared of any wrongdoing in the 42-page summary released by Eckert . "  The only possible explanation for Qatar winning that World Cup bid , in my view , is because there was some funny business going on , and with that being the case and there being no other explanation , this story is not going to go away , " said Murray . Murray also believes that FIFA made a "  big mistake " by allowing the World Cup to go to Qatar citing the nation 's human rights records as one area of concern . "  I think FIFA made a big mistake in awarding Qatar the World Cup for many reasons , " he said . "  Among them is that it 's probably among the most morally corrupt regimes in the world , it treats its migrant workers like slaves , it has draconian medieval laws that are not in keeping with modern civilization . "  Its human rights record does n't make the country fit to be a host of the World 's greatest sporting event . "  I am hoping FIFA will be much more careful who it awards the World Cup hosting rights to , or at least it tries to compel a future host of the World Cup to clean up its act in the area of human rights before the tournament can actually take place in that country . " Last month , Qatar was back in the headlines after winning the right to host the 2019 World Athletics Championship . That decision was also met with criticism by human rights groups who are unhappy at the Gulf State 's treatment of migrant workers . In a statement , the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs insisted the country is making progress and expects labor reforms to be implemented over the coming months . "  A new sponsorship law , currently under review , that will replace the outdated "  kafala " system will be announced by next year , " said the statement . "  Kafala " is an employment sponsorship system that regulates the relationship between employers and migrant workers in several Gulf states . "  We are also working on laws to cover domestic workers , " the statement added . "  As in every country in the world , change does not happen overnight . Significant changes such as these take more time to implement that some may wish , but we intend to effect meaningful and lasting change for the benefit of all those who live and work in Qatar . "  Our plans are going through a legislative process and we expect to make announcements about new legislation by early next year . " READ MORE : World Cup bids corruption : ` Picasso painting offered as kickback ' WATCH : FIFA sponsorship troubles continue	New "  whistle-blower " comes forward over World Cup 2018 and 2022 bidding process Allegations made by former member of FIFA 's ethics committee Les Murray Australian says it was a mistake to award Qatar 2022 World Cup Says Qatar is one of "  the most morally corrupt regimes in the world "
CNN  -- A top Syrian general has reportedly defected from President Bashar al-Assad 's government , telling an Arabic news station in an interview that aired Saturday that morale among security forces in Syria is at a low . The reported defection followed the United Nations announcement that one of its employees , a teacher , was killed during fighting between rebels and government forces at a refugee camp outside Damascus . If confirmed , Maj. Gen. Mohammed Ezz al-Din Khalouf 's defection is the latest in a series of such moves by high-profile government officials , raising questions about the stability of al-Assad 's government two years into the civil war gripping the country . Khalouf , head of logistics and supply for the Syrian army , told the Arabic news network Al Arabiya that many tied to al-Assad 's government have lost faith , but continue to pledge their allegiance to the president . "  It is only for appearance 's sake to present an image to the international community showing that the regime is the one that pulls together all segments of Syrian society under . " Khalouf told Al Arabiya he had been working with rebels to defect . He appeared in the interview with his son , a Syrian army captain , who defected with him . There was no immediate reaction from the Syrian government on the reported defection , which follows the two-year anniversary of the uprising . Rebels posted what they claim are two videos on YouTube that offer proof that they helped Khalouf and his family escape Syria through Daraa province into Jordan . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the videos , but Al Arabiya reported the interview with Khalouf was conducted in Jordan . U.N. employee killed at camp The United Nations Relief and Works Agency  UNRWA  for Palestine Refugees confirmed Saturday that a member of its teaching staff was killed Wednesday trying to flee the fighting at the Khan Eshieh refugee camp in Syria . Nasri Khalil Hasan was killed while trying to make his way with his wife and four children to a makeshift shelter after the camp was reportedly struck by an artillery shell , the UNRWA said in a statement . Hasan was hit by shrapnel from a subsequent explosion , it said . Because the hospital at the refugee camp was not open , he was taken to a hospital in the nearby city of Jdaydeh , according to the UNRWA . He died at the hospital the next day , the agency said . Cluster bombs linked to civilian casualties The news of Khalouf 's apparent defection and the death of Hasan came the same day a human rights group accused Syrian forces of using an increasing number of cluster bombs in residential areas . Human Rights Watch says its researchers have identified 119 locations across Syria , where at least 156 cluster bombs have been used from August to mid-February . The result is "  mounting civilian casualties , " the rights group said . Human Rights Watch said it has investigated two cluster bomb attacks in the past two weeks -- in Deir Jamal , near Aleppo , and Talbiseh , near Homs . These attacks killed 11 civilians , including two women and five children , and injured 27 others , the rights group said . "  Syria is expanding its relentless use of cluster munitions , a banned weapon , and civilians are paying the price with their lives and limbs , " said Steve Goose , director of the arms division at Human Rights Watch . "  The initial toll is only the beginning because cluster munitions often leave unexploded bomblets that kill and maim long afterward . " The Syrian government did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . In October , Syrian armed forces denied the possession or use of cluster bombs . A statement released through the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said "  misleading media outlets " had published "  untrue news claiming the Syrian Arab Army has been using cluster bombs against terrorists . " The Syrian army "  does not possess such bombs , " it said , adding that the media reports were "  aimed at diverting the public opinion from the practices of the armed terrorist groups against civilians . " The Human Rights Watch report is based on field investigations , analysis of video footage posted by activists and eyewitness reports , it said . The collection of data does not include details of casualty numbers but many deaths and injuries have been documented , the group said . "  Remnants of at least 156 distinct cluster bombs have been identified so far from the video footage , " the group said . "  Human Rights Watch has documented government use of cluster munitions , both air-dropped and ground-delivered , but it has seen no evidence of cluster munition use by opposition rebel groups . " Weapons are indiscriminate Another rights group , Amnesty International , has accused the Syrian government of using cluster bombs in civilian areas . "  Civilians continue to be at the receiving end of increasingly frequent indiscriminate attacks by Syrian government forces , " Amnesty said in a report Thursday . "  Internationally banned cluster munitions are being used daily against civilian residential areas in towns and villages , in utter disregard for the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law . " The report said the "  vast majority " of abuses were committed by Syrian government forces , but that rebel groups are also carrying out abuses such as kidnapping and summary executions . Syria is not one of the 111 states worldwide that have signed up to the Convention on Cluster Munitions , which bans their use . The United States also is not a signatory . Cluster munitions are widely viewed as unacceptable because the bomblets spread across a wide area and make no distinction between civilians and fighters . Death toll CNN can not independently verify death tolls or other accounts of violence in Syria . Last month , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said about 70,000 people had been killed in the two-year-old conflict . The Syrian army continued to hunt "  terrorists " -- its description of rebel fighters -- in several areas on Saturday , including outside Damascus and Homs , and in Idlib province , the Syrian Arab News Agency reported .	NEW : Syrian Maj. Gen. Mohammed Ezz al-Din Khalouf reportedly defects NEW : A U.N. worker is killed trying to flee violence outside Damascus , agency says Rights group : Syrian army 's use of cluster bombs is causing "  mounting civilian casualties " Syrian army has previously denied the use or possession of cluster bombs
Baltimore  CNN  -- Onlookers laughed and did nothing to help as a man was beaten , stripped and robbed on the street in Baltimore . The attack , which police say happened on March 18 after St. Patrick 's Day celebrations , was captured by at least two cameras . Video of it went viral . "  Not only did they rob him , but they attempted to strip him of his dignity . They tore his clothes off ; they mocked him . That behavior just will not be tolerated , " said Detective Nicole Monroe with the Baltimore police . Police say they have identified one suspect , but have made no arrests . They are not releasing the victim 's identity except to say he was a 31-year-old man from Arlington , Virginia . The victim was on the way to his hotel from a downtown Baltimore club when he was attacked , according to a police report . The man had been drinking . He told police he could n't recall exactly what happened , but the videos fill in the blanks . In them , a man is seen standing , unsteadily , against a row of mailboxes . A crowd starts to gather and women dance suggestively against him . Someone notices his watch and a hand seems to grab something from one of the man 's front pockets . He pursues the supposed thief and is punched in the face . The man falls over backward and his head hits the sidewalk so hard it can be heard on the video . "  Smackdown ! " someone yells . His pockets are rifled and his clothes pulled off . Some people can be heard laughing . No one comes to his aid . According to the police report , the man lost his Tag Heuer watch , which he valued at $ 1,300 , his iPhone and car key . CNN showed video of the attack to a number of people in Baltimore to gauge their response . "  That 's pretty sad , " said Finley George of Virginia , who was visiting the city with family . "  I mean he obviously did n't do anything to anybody . They just got up on him and started beating him . " CNN 's Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	The victim reports his watch , iPhone and car key are stolen Police have not identified the 31-year-old man from Arlington , Virginia Video of the March 18 attack went viral
CNN  -- The Sri Lankan army launched an operation against Tamil rebels in the country 's north early Monday , the military said , claiming to have rescued thousands of civilians trapped in a government safe zone . The Sri Lankan army has relaunched its attacks on Tamil rebels in the country 's north . A rebel Web site , TamilNet , said government forces were engaged in a fresh ground offensive . A TamilNet correspondent in Vanni reported heavy shelling , rocket fire and gunfire . Thirty civilians died in shelling Sunday , rebels said . The government of Sri Lanka has been battling the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam  LTTE  rebels in a civil conflict that has lasted nearly 25 years . "  Thousands of civilians who had been forcibly held by the LTTE terrorists in the government declared No Fire Zone  NFZ  were rescued early hours this morning , 20 April , as the troops engaged in a massive scale rescue mission , were able to open a safe passage for the civilians , " the Ministry of Defense Web site said . More than 10,000 civilians are trying to seek refuge with soldiers , the military said . The upsurge in hostilities follows a two-day cessation last week for the Sinhala and Hindu New Year . The U.S. State Department on Thursday called for a cease-fire between the Sri Lankan government and Tamil Tigers to allow civilians to escape the fighting . "  We call upon the government and military of Sri Lanka , and the Tamil Tigers , to immediately stop hostilities until the more than 140,000 civilians in the conflict area are safely out , " acting spokesman Robert Wood said in a statement . "  Both sides must immediately return to a humanitarian pause and both must respect the right of free movement of those civilian men , women and children trapped by the fighting . " Watch the heavy toll of fighting on civilians " A brief cessation of hostilities announced by the Sri Lankan government on April 12 allowed the United Nations and its partners to bring in aid , but a renewed government offensive has left civilians trapped in a war zone . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and his humanitarian chief John Holmes called the brief halt in fighting inadequate and have pushed for a longer humanitarian pause in fighting . The most pressing concern now , according to Holmes , is the fact that more than 100,000 people are crowded in a "  very small pocket of land " that is about five square miles , or about twice the size of New York 's Central Park . "  It is a very small area indeed for what we believe is a very large number of people , " Holmes told reporters Wednesday . Overcrowding is also a problem in camps housing displaced people , according to the United Nations Children 's Fund  UNICEF  . As of Monday , some 65,000 displaced people were crammed into camps in Vavuniya , Jaffna and Mannar , with 35,000 more expected to arrive within 48 hours , the organization said in a statement . ' UNICEF said it feared for children trapped in the escalating fighting and is worried that the worst is yet to come . The group appealed for donations to help cover "  the most immediate needs of the affected population in health and nutrition , water and sanitation , protection and education . " The crowded population , primarily comprised of Tamil civilians , is subject to the continuing Sri Lankan government assaults . The British and French foreign ministers released a joint statement as well on Wednesday , saying that the Tamil Tigers are using Tamil civilians as human shields . The Tigers have been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries , including the United States and the European Union . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the conflict officially began in 1983 . The International Committee of the Red Cross said Monday that it has helped evacuate more than 10,000 sick and injured patients , and their caregivers , from Putumattalan in rebel-held territory since February . "  These evacuations have saved many lives , " said Morven Murchinson , the Red Cross medical coordinator in Sri Lanka . "  It is vital that they continue , because more sick and wounded people are arriving every day at the makeshift medical facilities in Putumattalan . " The Red Cross says there 's an acute shortage of medical supplies in the region , which it is trying to rectify .	NEW : Fears voiced by UNICEF for children trapped in the escalating fighting Upsurge in hostilities follows cessation for New Year U.N. humanitarian chief : Large number of people crowded in very small area Tamil Tigers , Sri Lanka government locked in conflict lasting nearly 25 years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The House of Representatives on Tuesday passed a resolution apologizing to African-Americans for slavery and the era of Jim Crow . The House on Tuesday evening passed a resolution apologizing for slavery and Jim Crow laws . The nonbinding resolution , which passed on a voice vote , was introduced by Rep. Steve Cohen , a white lawmaker who represents a majority black district in Memphis , Tennessee . While many states have apologized for slavery , it is the first time a branch of the federal government has done so , an aide to Cohen said . In passing the resolution , the House also acknowledged the "  injustice , cruelty , brutality and inhumanity of slavery and Jim Crow . " "  Jim Crow , " or Jim Crow laws , were state and local laws enacted mostly in the Southern and border states of the United States between the 1870s and 1965 , when African-Americans were denied the right to vote and other civil liberties and were legally segregated from whites . The name "  Jim Crow " came from a character played by T.D. "  Daddy " Rice who portrayed a slave while in blackface during the mid-1800s . The resolution states that "  the vestiges of Jim Crow continue to this day . " "  African-Americans continue to suffer from the consequences of slavery and Jim Crow -- long after both systems were formally abolished -- through enormous damage and loss , both tangible and intangible , including the loss of human dignity and liberty , the frustration of careers and professional lives , and the long-term loss of income and opportunity , " the resolution states . The House also committed itself to stopping "  the occurrence of human rights violations in the future . " The resolution does not address the controversial issue of reparations . Some members of the African-American community have called on lawmakers to give cash payments or other financial benefits to descendents of slaves as compensation for the suffering caused by slavery . It is not the first time lawmakers have apologized to an ethnic group for injustices . In April , the Senate passed a resolution sponsored by Sen. Sam Brownback , R-Kansas , that apologized to Native Americans for "  the many instances of violence , maltreatment and neglect . " In 1993 the Senate also passed a resolution apologizing for the "  illegal overthrow " of the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1893 . In 1988 , Congress passed and President Reagan signed an act apologizing to the 120,000 Japanese-Americans who were held in detention camps during World War II . The 60,000 detainees who were alive at the time each received $ 20,000 from the government . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh and Scott Anderson contributed to this report .	It is the first time federal government has apologized for slavery House acknowledges "  injustice , cruelty , brutality and inhumanity " of slavery Resolution states that effects of slavery and Jim Crow are still present today Measure does not address the issue of reparations
London  CNN  -- Gary Speed 's agent and friend Hayden Evans has told CNN the reasons why the Wales football manager took his own life may never be known . Speed 's death provoked shock and disbelief within the world of soccer after his body was found at his home on Sunday morning . The 42-year-old had a long and distinguished playing career , making 535 appearances in the English Premier League for clubs including Leeds United , Everton , Newcastle United and Bolton . He also appeared 85 times for Wales -- a record for an outfield player . He was appointed manager of the national side in 2010 and had recently inspired Wales to a best-ever world ranking of 45 . Welsh international manager Speed found dead An inquest into Speed 's death was opened and adjourned at Cheshire Coroner 's office Tuesday , when it was confirmed he had hung himself . The inquest heard that Speed 's wife Louise had found his body at around 7am on Sunday . Evans , who had Speed as best man at his wedding , told CNN World Sport the reason behind his friend 's death may forever remain a mystery . Asked what might have been the cause for Speed 's suicide he said : "  I genuinely do n't know -- I have n't got a clue . It 's the shock , that 's what makes it all the more difficult to accept and comprehend . "  It 's that sense of shock , whatever has gone on , I just do n't know whether that will rest with Gary in peace or not . " Memorials for Speed have appeared at many of his former clubs with fans leaving flowers , shirts , scarves and flags at the stadiums of Leeds , where Speed started his career , at Everton , the team he supported as a boy , and Newcastle , with whom he played in the prestigious European Champions League . On Tuesday the Premier League announced there would be a minute 's applause before every weekend match in Speed 's honor . In a statement they called him an "  iconic player . " "  We 're beginning to realize what an impact he did have on most people he crossed paths with , " Evans added . He also said Speed 's wife and his two young sons had been overwhelmed by the support they had received from around the world . "  I guess if you want to try and find any positives it is that they are a strong family unit , they support each other and supported Gary throughout his career , every move he ever made , " Evans said . "  It 's that strength that I 'm trying to tell them will ultimately see them through . They 'll never ever get over it but it will see them through . " It has been suggested in some quarters that Speed may have suffered from depression or some other form of illness , but Evans says none of his family or friends ever saw any evidence to back the theory . He added : "  I 'm no expert , but the people close to him , the people that socialized with him , saw him and talked to him every day , not one of us had any detection of any signs of depression . Speed appeared on a football show on Saturday and spent time with former colleagues , Gary McAllister , with whom he played at Leeds , and ex-England and Newcastle captain Alan Shearer . Evans added : "  I had texts from Gary on Saturday and it was just everything as normal . "	Wales manager Gary Speed was found dead at his home on Sunday Speed enjoyed a long playing career making 535 English Premier League appearances He took charge of the Welsh national side last year and was credited with a recent revival Speed 's agent and friend tells CNN he may never know why Speed took his own life
CNN  -- Now that President Obama has set the timetable for withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq , the debate has begun over its possible consequences . U.S. troops secure a street in in the southern Dura district of Baghdad , Iraq , this week . Does it provide enough time for Iraqis to forge a functioning government and an economy that benefits everyone ? And if it does n't , could a civil war be the result ? The plan , as outlined in a February 27 speech by Obama , calls for most U.S. troops to leave Iraq by August 2010 . A "  transitional force " of 35,000 to 50,000 troops will remain in the country to assist Iraqi security forces , protect Americans and fight terrorism , Obama said . Track Obama 's First 100 Days All troops will be withdrawn by the end of 2011 , a date established last year by the Bush administration and the Iraqi government . Another condition of that agreement requires U.S. troops leave Iraqi cities by June 30 this year . Obama 's plan is predicated on a relative decrease in violence in Iraq and the belief that Iraqis are increasingly becoming more capable of ensuring security . Watch Iraqi reaction to Obama 's plan " With the exception of February 2009 , Iraqi civilian deaths have been steadily dropping since the fall of 2007 , according to statistics compiled by an Iraqi Interior Ministry official . U.S. military casualties in Iraq have also generally decreased when compared to 2006 through 2007 . Casualties : The names and faces who 've fallen The U.S. military attributes the decrease in violence to three main factors : the so-called "  surge " of U.S. troops , implemented at the beginning of 2007 ; the Sunni "  Awakening " movements , in which local communities turned against al Qaeda in Iraq ; and the ceasefire announced by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr . Yet , it 's very much a question whether the disparate Iraqi groups and communities used that decrease in violence to work toward settling some thorny issues , Iraqi experts and observers said . "  The surge failed , " Thomas Ricks , the longtime Washington Post correspondent , said during a CNN interview on February 20 . Ricks has written two books about the Iraq war : "  Fiasco " and the recently published , "  The Gamble . " "  Its purpose was to lead to a political breakthrough . It improved security but did n't achieve that larger purpose . And because of that , none of the basic questions in Iraq have been addressed . " Ricks said those questions include the final form of the Iraqi government , the relationship between the main sectarian groups and how oil revenue will be shared by them . The political question In Iraq , the year began with a round of provincial elections and will end with parliamentary elections . In between are a host of other important political events and other elections that will shape Iraq 's future . "  This is the critical year of decisions for Iraqis . What direction do they want to go ? " said J. Scott Carpenter , an expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . He served in the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq and the State Department . An important decision yet to be made is the form of the Iraqi government . Will it be a strong , central government , or will it be a loose confederation that will parcel out power to its various provinces and regions ? Carpenter said the results from the provincial elections indicated the Iraqis preferred the former . "  They said very , very clearly ` we 're tired of the sectarian nonsense . We want services delivered . We want a government that functions . We 're Iraqi , first and foremost . ' " The stakes , however , were low in the provincial elections ; the provinces have little money to spend and not much power to exercise , Carpenter said . "  That 's not going to be the case in the parliamentary elections , " he predicted . "  The question is whether or not you can have national parliamentary elections in which real competition takes place and at the end of the day , whoever loses those elections accepts those results . " It is that prospect -- an embittered , defeated group that turns to violence to achieve what they could n't in the electoral process -- that is unnerving . And there are a range of possibilities that could result in such a situation , experts say . The sectarian question The war has fundamentally altered Iraq 's political structure , with the Shiites emerging as the governing political class , Carpenter said . "  That has been a huge thing for the Sunni minority to swallow . So , the digestion is going to take some time . " Sunni Iraqis , especially in volatile areas such as Anbar province , will have to be incorporated into the political dialogue and provided jobs , experts say . Meanwhile , the Kurdish-Arab relationship is worsening , observers say . "  During the years of warfare between Sunni and Shiite Arabs , the Kurdish issue lay dormant . But now , it has roared back to the forefront , " Michael O'Hanlon and Kenneth Pollack , Iraq experts at the Brookings Institution , wrote in a New York Times op-ed published February 26 . The issues do not involve sectarian hatred but "  the cold , hard issues of land and oil and cash , as well as the distribution of power between Iraq 's center and its regions and provinces , " they wrote . The Kurds , who have long sought to establish a state , have operated with relative autonomy for the past few years . They also hold oil-rich regions in the northern parts of Iraq . A law detailing how oil revenue would be shared between the different groups has yet to be formally agreed on , further contributing to political tension . "  There are oil revenue sharing mechanisms in place . It 's that they do n't have the sanction of law which is what the Kurds desperately want , " Carpenter said . Observers say that accommodating the interests of these various groups while assuaging their fears has been and will be a considerable challenge . "  The Kurds have ambitions of their own . The Sunnis have needs of their own . The Shiites have divisions of their own , " said Simon Serfaty of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  The reconciliation of those communities and the willingness to live within a single unit is still in question . " There are many other questions when it comes to Iraq : What to do with the 4 million refugees displaced to some neighboring countries ? Is Muqtada al Sadr sincere in his ceasefire or is he waiting for the U.S. troops to leave before he acts ? What about the many Iraqis being held by coalition forces ? Are the Iraq security forces truly ready to take the lead ? See map of Obama 's global challenges With such questions in mind , observers and lawmakers voice a range of opinions on the impact of the "  surge " and Obama 's policy to withdraw troops . Some say they are confident that Iraq is edging toward stability ; others are not as confident . "  There are still people who predict Iraq will have a civil war , that all the surge did was kick the can down the road a couple of years . Whether that 's true or not , we do n't know , " said Ricks , the author . Carpenter , who describes himself as an "  inveterate optimist " when it comes to Iraq , says he is hopeful for a positive outcome . "  Most of these groups and these leaders have looked into the abyss and not seen what they wanted to see , so have a reason for accommodation , " he said . "  Time is the critical factor , time for accommodation and time for political deals . " Whether the 19 months of time provided by the Obama timeline is enough might be the most important question of them all . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	President Obama : Most U.S. troops to leave by August 2010 Iraqis scheduled to hold parliamentary elections in December Questions over political power and revenue sharing remain
Washington  CNN  -- The Army must transform how it protects its soldiers , collects information about internal threats and communicates with the FBI and terrorism experts in an effort to prevent another incident like last year 's shootings at Fort Hood in Texas , a report by the Army and the Department of Defense says . The report , released Tuesday , says a remedy will be more Army participation in the Joint Terrorism Task Force , teams of experts drawn from law enforcement and intelligence agencies . It also recommends that Army agents within the FBI headquarters work as part of the threat management unit . The report highlights a failure to share information inside the Army and to encourage anyone , without fear of punishment , to voice suspicions about others in the military . "  The focus of the findings and recommendations in the Information Sharing area was the lack of policy , procedures and systems for the sharing of threat related information between the Services , Combatant Commands , DoD and other federal agencies such as the FBI , " the report said . The Army report is 118 pages and titled "  Army Internal Review Team : Final Report . " The Air Force , Navy and Marines released separate reports . Maj. Nidal Hasan , a Army psychiatrist and U.S.-born Muslim , is accused of the November 5 , 2009 , shootings , in which 13 people were killed and dozens wounded . An evidentiary hearing is set to resume on Monday , a step toward the military decision on whether Hasan will face a court-martial and a possible death penalty . After the shootings there were numerous reports of Hasan 's outspoken opposition to the U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and to Muslims killing Muslims . Hasan was days away from shipping out to Afghanistan at the time of the shootings . Also , Hasan reportedly had communicated by e-mail with radical Yemeni cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , something U.S. government agencies apparently knew about but did not tell the military . Army Secretary John McHugh and Gen. George Casey , chief of staff of the Army , were at Fort Hood on Friday to mark the first anniversary of the shootings . McHugh was asked whether the Army had done enough to respond to warning signals about Hasan . He said the Army is "  looking at the final parts of assessing exactly what was known , what officers and soldiers knew about that particular individual and what was done , if anything , to react to it . " The Army report says no single action would have prevented Fort Hood . "  However , in the aggregate , the initiatives outlined by the Army 's internal review team will significantly improve the Army 's ability to mitigate internal threats , ensure FP -LSB- force protection -RSB- , enable emergency response and provide care for the victims and families . " The report says the Army needs to create a kind of "  neighborhood watch " program that will teach members of the Army community to recognize and report suspicious behavior . The report acknowledges that members of Congress continue to press the Defense Department and U.S. intelligence agencies for what they knew about Hasan . "  Much of the information requested has not been released because it would compromise the trial of the alleged perpetrator , " the report says . The Army says it already has implemented changes , including having first responders move in quickly to respond to a shooting rather than cordoning it off and awaiting special teams . Some of the recommendations were general and some were very specific . The Army is still working on ways to identify what it calls "  observable indicators for espionage , terrorism and extremism , " according to the report . Another recommendation says , " -LSB- Military Police -RSB- are now authorized to use jacketed hollow point ammunition to reduce the risk of injury to innocent bystanders . "	Army report : Methods for protecting soldiers , collecting intelligence need overhaul Army participation in Joint Terrorism Task Force is one remedy , report says Report cites failure to share information and encourage people to come forward Army says some changes have already been implemented
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel is on track to become Formula One 's youngest double world champion after topping the qualifying timesheets for Sunday 's Singapore Grand Prix . The 24-year-old headed off Red Bull teammate Mark Webber to claim his 11th pole position this season as he seeks a ninth victory from 14 races . That would give him another championship crown -- the first was clinched at the last race of 2010 , but this one would be with five to go as he seeks to build on his 112-point lead in the night event . Vettel can beat the mark of second-placed Fernando Alonso , who was 25 when he won his second title with Renault in 2006 . But the Spaniard could delay Vettel 's celebrations if he finishes fourth on a testing Marina Bay Street Circuit where he led from the start to win last year from Vettel and Webber -- and also triumphed with Renault in 2008 . How the F1 title can be won : Vettel on the verge Alonso will have to improve on Saturday 's qualifying , where he was fifth fastest ahead of Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa . Red Bull team boss Christian Horner downplayed chances of the title being decided this weekend . "  The moon and stars have got to line up . We have n't booked anything for a party should we win . We 're focused on the race , " he told reporters in quotes carried by AFP . Vettel set the pace in the first two sessions before clocking an unbeatable one minute 44.381 seconds in his only run of Q3 to give Red Bull a perfect record in qualifying this season . Vettel fastest in Singapore practice "  I decided to abort my second run when I made a mistake because it is very easy to damage the car so I went wide , " he said . "  I was quite happy with my first lap . I think the circuit ramped up at the end and I think it was possible to go faster , but I 'm very happy . It 's a very difficult track with such a long lap to get everything right . I think we learned from our mistakes that we made last year . " Webber then surged into second with 1:44.732 to push past McLaren 's former world champions Jenson Button  1:44.804  and Lewis Hamilton  1:44.809  . Hamilton was unable to make a second run due to a fuel problem , and watched from the pits as his time was beaten . Alonso timed 1:44.874 to be well clear of Massa  1:45.800  and the Mercedes of Nico Rosberg -- whose legendary teammate Michael Schumacher failed to set a time along with Force India 's Adrian Sutil and Paul di Resta -- who both opted to conserve tires .	Sebastian Vettel wins his 11th pole position of 2011 at Singapore Grand Grix German heads home Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in Saturday qualifying Vettel is hoping to secure his second world title in 14th of 19 races this season Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso can deny him by finishing fourth in the night race
CNN  -- Bashar al-Assad was n't supposed to rule Syria . He grew up in the shadow of his father , the late President Hafez al-Assad , and his older brother , who was groomed to be the next president . But the deaths of his father and brother thrust a young Bashar al-Assad into power . Now , a bloody crackdown by his regime on pro-reform demonstrators is defining his rule . Reports of deaths across the country trickle in almost every day . The government has maintained the same narrative : It is targeting armed terrorists . But opposition activists say it is a systematic , sustained slaughter on civilians by the al-Assad regime . And the United States is moving toward calling for al-Assad to step down , government sources said . Politics were n't in al-Assad 's original career path . He studied medicine in Britain , receiving a degree in ophthalmology , and headed the Syrian Computer Society . "  Dr. Bashar , " as he was widely known , liked to windsurf and play volleyball . But he switched his focus to military science after his older brother , Bassel , died in a 1994 car accident . When his father died in June 2000 , it only took hours for the Syrian parliament to vote to amend the country 's constitution to allow al-Assad to become president . The parliament lowered the age of eligibility of the president from 40 to 34 , allowing the son to take over . Within weeks , al-Assad was also made a member of the regional command for the ruling Baath Party , another requirement of succession . In the beginning , al-Assad was viewed by some as a fresh , youthful leader who might usher in a more progressive , more moderate regime . But more than a decade into his rule , amateur videos of violent protests and bloodied bodies paint a gruesome picture of the conflict in Syria . Human rights groups say such scenes are evidence of Syrian security forces firing on their own people , though state-run media disputes such claims . Initially , protesters wanted basic reforms , more freedoms , a multiparty political system and an end to emergency law . Some of these reforms have , on paper , been implemented by al-Assad , but they were far too little and , by the time they came about , too late . Syrians have lived in fear of political repression for decades . Hafez al-Assad ruled with an iron fist for three decades , ruthlessly putting down dissent by jailing dissidents and crushing the opposition . For more than 47 years , the country had been under emergency law , which effectively suspended most constitutional protections , according to the U.S. State Department . The law authorized the government to conduct preventive and arbitrary arrests , according to the British Foreign Office . Security forces did n't need to obtain arrest warrants , and suspects were detained for prolonged periods without charge , trial or access to lawyers . Amid the conflict in recent months , al-Assad lifted the state of emergency and abolished a court set up to try people posing a threat to the regime . But at the same time , arbitrary detentions have continued , as has the use of force against demonstrators . Al-Assad , now 45 , denies he is a dictator , seeing himself instead as a modern leader . His official website says he has built free-trade zones , licensed more private newspapers and private universities , and fought government waste and corruption . He has also worked on social and economic reform . While there have been some changes during his rule , many say al-Assad 's promises have largely not been delivered . Human Rights Watch has called his time as president "  the wasted decade " with a media that remains state-controlled , a monitored and censored Internet and prisons still filled with dissidents . Activists say that with the current protests , however , al-Assad can no longer look away . "  He has to start listening , " said Wissam Tarif , executive director of the human rights group Insan . "  It 's the time to start listening and acting . He ca n't afford any more promises . " Other analysts say force may have worked in the past to quell dissent , but not this time . "  The government is going to try to continue to use the tactics that it has for a very long time , which is just to snuff out any protest , " said Anne-Marie Slaughter , a professor of politics and international affairs at Princeton University . Now , however , "  the wall of fear is coming down . " The late president was a cautious , slow-moving tactician , and while his son 's style may appear modern , he was still schooled in the old Assad family way . In 1982 , the Syrian military -- acting under orders from Assad 's father -- brutally crushed an uprising in the western city of Hama . Estimates of the number of casualties vary from 3,000 to 40,000 . In early August , scores were once again reportedly killed when tanks rolled into the city , which has been a center of the anti-government movement roiling the country . Many activists are already comparing the havoc now in Hama to the massacre there in 1982 -- but say it is happening in slow motion rather than in a single , devastating strike . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Stan Grant contributed to this report .	Bashar al-Assad has ruled Syria since 2000 His older brother died in a 1994 car crash The death meant Bashar al-Assad was the next heir to power Despite some reforms , critics highlight empty promises
Washington  CNN  -- New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , an Independent , joins several leading Democrats , Republicans and other Independent political leaders in the launch of a new group that hopes to find non-partisan solutions to some of the nation 's problems and to impact the next Congressional session . The organization , known as No Labels , kicked off Monday in New York with a series of panels discussing some key political problems in America , such as hyper-partisanship and electoral reform . During the day the group 's leaders and speakers explore how it can help find common ground to help solve those and other issues . Besides Bloomberg , among those participating in the kick-off : Sens. Evan Bayh , D-Indiana ; Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York ; Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia ; Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut ; Reps. Mike Castle , R-Delaware and Bob Inglis , R-South Carolina ; former Republican congressman Tom Davis and Republican Florida Governor Charlie Crist , who ran for Senate this year as an Independent . Later in the day during the kick-off event Bloomberg is expected to speak about non-partisan redistricting . "  Parties have a place , but party loyalty , I do n't think , should get in the way of doing what you as an elected official believes what 's right . I think that 's what most of the public wants , " Bloomberg told NBC 's Meet the Press Sunday . Led by columnist and CNN contributor John Avlon , Republican political consultant Mark McKinnon , Democratic consultant Kiki McLean , and veteran Democratic fundraiser Nancy Jacobson who conceived the idea , the No Labels group aims to look at politics through a new prism and wants to urge political leaders not to abandon their political labels but set them aside in order help find solutions . "  No Labels will create a space where ideas can be judged on the merits , not their conformity to pre-fabricated stereotypes . The point is not whether America moves left or right ; it 's whether we move forward . And that 's what the majority of Americans are yearning for , " the group described as its mission . Veteran political analyst Thomas Mann of the Brookings Institution said it will be difficult for this type of group to change the political dynamics . "  They are obviously confronting very strong head winds , " he told CNN but added "  why not throw something into the mix . " Bloomberg grabbed national headlines and renewed talk he might mount an independent run for the presidency in 2012 with a high profile speech last week saying government needs to chart "  a middle way " to help fix the economy and criticized the partisanship in today 's government . "  The country is growing more and more frustrated with government 's inability to keep America prosperous and fair and more skeptical that the jobs we need are coming soon . As families struggle to get by , they have seen little but partisan gridlock , political pandering and legislative influence-peddling , " Bloomberg said as he outlined steps to tackle unemployment , spur job creation and push growth . "  Both parties follow the mood of the moment -- instead of leading from the front . They incite anger instead of addressing it -- for their own partisan interests . " Bloomberg 's participation in the No Labels group is helping to stoke the speculation . "  You can see why Bloomberg is involved , " Mann told CNN . It helps "  to create a market for an independent candidacy . " "  We have seen these efforts before to explore some alternative , a third party candidacy ... they have n't gone anywhere , " Mann added . On Sunday Bloomberg denied any intentions of seeking the presidency . "  I 'm not going to run for president , the job . I have a great job . I 'm going to finish my 1,100 whatever number of days it is left go to , and I 'll leave the politics to the experts , " he told NBC 's Meet the Press . When pressed he repeated his stance . "  I 'm not looking at the possibility of running . I 've got a great job . And I 'm going to stay with this . " Recently there have been some bipartisan initiatives in Washington to try to come up with solutions particularly regarding the nation 's growing debt , including the presidentially appointed commission . However , political experts are doubtful those initiatives will result in any concrete action in the near future . "  I am skeptical of any short-term agreement between the two parties on the big fiscal questions confronting the country . There are real differences " that will have to be argued out in the political process , Mann said . With the Republicans taking control of the House next month , it is unclear whether Washington 's partisan atmosphere will improve because of necessity or get worse . Princeton University political science professor Fred Greenstein pointed to the compromise for the temporary extension of the Bush-era tax cuts reached by the White House and congressional Republicans as a sign compromise is possible . As for the new No Labels group , Greenstein for one said it could help . "  If they are trying to join the crowd let 's work together rather than sink together , I think they will be widely perceived as doing something useful , " he told CNN . "  I think they add to kind of a groundswell of recognition " that government officials should strive for that type of cooperation . Both Mann and Greenstein said any effort that could help bring some honesty and clarity to the political debate will help the process . Group officials say they expect more than 1,000 ordinary citizens from all 50 states to participate in the launch event Monday . They are aiming to build chapters in all 435 congressional districts . Polls after the mid-term election show Americans want political leaders to reach across the political aisle to get things done . Forty-seven percent said it is more important to compromise to get things done than to stick to their beliefs , according to a USA Today-Gallup poll last month . According to state registration statistics , about a quarter of Americans on average consider themselves as independent . In several states the number of people registered as independents tops those affiliated with either political party : Alaska , Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts , New Jersey and Rhode Island	The group kicks off Monday with a series of panels Lieberman , Bayh and Crist will also take part The group wants leaders to set aside political labels to fix problems Group expects participation from all 50 states
CareerBuilder.com  -- 2009 has given employers and employees a run for their money -- literally . Budgets have been cut , layoffs made and furloughs instituted , and benefits and perks have evaporated . At the beginning of the year , 38 percent of employers said the economy would force them to make administrative cuts sometime during 2009 , according to a survey by CareerBuilder.com . Sixty-five percent of those employers indicated that they would cut back company social events , 61 percent anticipated curtailing business travel , 25 percent expected to scale back on health-care benefits and 11 percent planned to reduce wellness benefits . Other areas where companies planned to cut spending included special office perks , such as coffee , ice machines or discounted vending  34 percent  , incentive trips  28 percent  and philanthropic activities  21 percent  . Such perks and benefits being taken away make for a tough situation for employees . Not only are they working harder to keep their jobs , but workers have to do more for less . While some argue that it 's hard to keep employees motivated in this situation , others say that they should n't focus on incentives , but rather think about the bigger picture . "  When perks and benefits are taken away , management often does this to allocate resources where they 're needed , elsewhere . The money being saved by not buying bagels every Friday or purchasing Christmas gifts for employees may be going towards your salary , " said Tom Gimbel , founder and CEO of LaSalle Network , a staffing and recruiting firm . "  If you had to choose between taking a salary cut and not having free coffee versus being let go , most employees would likely take the former . " Urmil "  Tracy " Marshall , coordinator for the Office of Diversity and International Affairs at Fort Valley State University in Fort Valley , Georgia. , agrees that it 's important not to focus on what is being taken away . She said that due to budgetary constraints , furloughs were implemented at the school ; but rather than get discouraged , she focused on the positive . "  I reminded myself how blessed I was to even have a job , " Marshall said . "  We need to remind ourselves of our priorities in life , placing a greater emphasis on what we have -- not what we do n't . " Communication is key Although it 's understandable for employees to be upset , frustrated and discouraged when benefits or perks are taken away , Kevin Sheridan , founder and CEO of HR Solutions , which specializes in helping organizations to keep employees engaged , said that employees are less likely to be upset if management communicates with employees . In fact , 82 percent of employees surveyed in HR Solutions ' International Normative Database say that it 's important that their organization allow them to choose from a variety of benefits to meet their individual needs . The survey consisted of more than 3.3 million responses from 2,400 organizations . "  If an organization 's leadership team simply decided amongst themselves which benefits would be best to cut , employees will commonly become upset and their engagement will be negatively affected , " Sheridan says . "  Open communication is a key driver of engagement , and employees will immediately recognize the fact that they had no voice in the situation . If leadership had simply asked employees which benefits were important to them , this situation may be avoided . " Attitude is everything Despite having to deal temporarily with a few displaced benefits or perks , there are benefits to sticking around with your employer until those things are reinstated . "  It 's a good time to remember that the perks were never the reason that you liked the job . No one gets up in the morning saying , ` I 'm really excited to go to the office because there 's free coffee , ' " said Paul Glen , author and management columnist . "  If people feel that the -LSB- cuts -RSB- are being made in a good-faith effort to save jobs , they will be even more loyal than before , since they believe that the company is working on their behalf -- not just for executives . " Additionally , according to the HR Solutions survey , 37 percent of employees have thought of resigning in the last six months . Twenty-three percent said they thought about leaving because of pay ; 18 percent because of a supervisor or manager ; 15 percent because of career advancement ; and 5 percent because of benefits . Thirty-nine percent considered it for other reasons . "  This statistic is especially important because many organizations have cut benefits over the last six months , and it illustrates that the majority of employees have not thought of resigning as a result of adjusted benefits , " Sheridan said . "  These employees recognize the advantages of sticking around with a company , benefits or not , for advantages such as career development and compensation . Also , as soon as the economy picks up , many benefits programs will be re-evaluated ; employees sticking around with these organizations will not remain without benefits forever . " Workers should also remember that there could be consequences to abandoning a job just because you lost free coffee or a transportation reimbursement . If you 're thinking about leaving your job for such reasons , make sure that your missing perks outweigh any possible career advancement or opportunities you would receive if you stayed . "  In this economy , it may be very hard to find another job , and there 's no guarantee that one will have free coffee , either , " Glen said . "  Also , at the new job , even if it is good , the employee will have less tenure and is more likely to be cut in future layoffs . " If you 've had benefits or perks taken away in recent months and need help staying motivated , remember these five tips from our experts : 1 . Get over it "  The longer you talk about it to fellow employees , the longer you will have bad feelings , cause others to have bad feelings and be less productive yourself , which is not what will help the company be able to restore what has been taken away , " said Aubrey Daniels , author of "  Oops ! 13 Management Practices That Waste Time and Money  and What to Do Instead  . " 2 . Find motivation Sheridan encourages employees to find motivation through career planning with supervisors , interacting with co-workers or being proud of where they work . For example , an employee could volunteer to act as a sounding board for job candidates considering employment at the organization . 3 . Create your own perks Nancy Irwin , a motivational speaker and author , said employees can take turns bringing in coffee , bagels or potluck lunches to help fill the void of things that have been cut . 4 . Understand what 's still offered and take advantage Darcy Eikenberg , president and chief creative officer of Coach Darcy LLC , recalls a client who did n't sign up for a course because she thought training costs had been eliminated . She realized that a co-worker was taking the course and getting it paid for from tuition reimbursement , an area that had n't been cut . "  Do a deep dive into your company 's programs , policies and even discounts because there 's probably something you can use now , " she said . 5 . Focus on the solution , not the problem Concentrate on actions today that will affect your organization 's success and growth tomorrow , said Jonathan Berger , director of human resources at Direct Agents , an interactive advertising company . "  Take this time as an opportunity to offer new ideas to your managers and take an active and entrepreneurial role in helping your company overcome straining times . If you do a good job , you may be rewarded for your efforts when things improve , " he said . "  In addition , by taking on new challenges and opportunities , you can further develop your skills and make yourself a more valuable asset to any organization . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	In a survey , many businesses said they would have to make large cuts in employee benefits Management should communicate these issues to help employees adjust said , Kevin Sheridan Darcy Eikenberg recommends for employees to dig deep and and find benefits still available Concentrate on actions today that will help your organization succeed , said Jonathan Berger
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Financing for DreamWorks Studios ' partnership with one of India 's richest men was finalized Monday , giving Steven Spielberg and partner Stacey Snider money to resume making movies . From left to right , Steven Spielberg , Anil Ambani , Stacey Snider and Amitahb Jhunjhunwala . The deal with Anil Ambani , chairman of India 's Reliance BIG Entertainment , provides Spielberg 's DreamWorks Studios with $ 875 million , coming from Ambani , the Walt Disney Co. and loans made by a syndicate of banks . Disney will distribute and market about six DreamWorks Studios films around the world each year , with the exception of India , where Reliance will have those rights . Spielberg and Snider found themselves in need of financial partners last year when he cut ties with Paramount Pictures and began rebuilding DreamWorks into an independent studio . Although the deal , which was announced last year , has been characterized in some reports as "  Hollywood meets Bollywood , " Spielberg and partner Stacey Snider will have creative control over productions . "  This will allow us to move ahead quickly into production with our first group of films , " Snider and Spielberg said in a joint statement . Reliance BIG Entertainment is part of the Reliance group controlled by billionaire Ambani . "  Our partnership with Stacey and Steven is the cornerstone of our Hollywood strategy as we grow our film interests across the globe , " Ambani said . "  Given our faith in the business plan that they presented to us and despite the current economic climate , we were always confident that this day would come . Now Stacey and Steven can focus on producing more of the great films for which they are renowned . " Ambani , whose company owns hundreds of theater screens across South Asia , has also invested development money this year with other Hollywood production companies , including those owned by actors Nicolas Cage , Tom Hanks , George Clooney and Jim Carrey . A DreamWorks announcement said that J.P. Morgan brought together the syndicate of banks to provide about $ 325 million in funding . The banks include Bank of America , City National Bank , Wells Fargo , Comerica , Union Bank of California , SunTrust , California Bank & Trust , and Israel Discount Bank . One of the first movies to go into production will be "  Harvey , " an adaptation of the play that won a Pulitzer for playwright Mary Chase . The tale about a man and his invisible bunny friend was first made into a movie , starring Jimmy Stewart , in 1950 . Spielberg 's long career as a screenwriter , director and producer has included classic blockbusters "  E.T. : The Extraterrestrial , " the "  Indiana Jones " series and "  Saving Private Ryan . "	Steven Spielberg finalizes partnership with Indian tycoon , gets cash infusion Partnership with Anil Ambani provides $ 875 million for DreamWorks Spielberg 's first film planned : remake of classic "  Harvey "
Editor 's note : Erica Williams is deputy director of Campus Progress , a project of the Center for American Progress , a Washington-based organization that describes itself as dedicated to progressive causes . She works to engage the millennial generation and communities such as people of color , women and people of faith in the political process . She can be found at ericawilliamsonline.com and on Twitter at @ericawilliamsdc . Erica Williams says the idea that young people do n't care about the health care issue is wrong . CNN  -- As Congress returns to Capitol Hill , back from a recess of contentious town halls on health care reform , one new voice has the potential to break through the seemingly endless deadlock : the voice of young Americans . Just Thursday , there were more than 880,000 Facebook status updates posted with the meme of a demand for health care reform , generated organically and spread virally from young people and other Facebook users across the country . Some are regarding this as the first symbolic demonstration of young people 's engagement in the debate despite the common , and categorically false , notion that young people "  do n't care about health care reform . " Young adults between the ages of 19 and 29 represent nearly a third of the entire uninsured population , and two-thirds of those uninsured young people reported going without necessary medical care because of costs in 2007 , according to research for the Commonwealth Fund . More than half of all young adults have low incomes  below 200 percent of the federal poverty level , $ 21,660 for a single person in 2009  , and low-income young adults are more than 2.5 times as likely to be uninsured as higher-income young adults , according to the Urban Institute . And contrary to popular belief that young people see themselves as invincible college students who choose to remain uninsured , 56 percent of uninsured young adults between the ages of 19 and 29 are full-time workers who are half as likely to be covered by their employer as older workers . Millennials regarded health care reform as one of their top concerns during the 2008 election campaign , according to the Rock the Vote Poll of 18 - to 29-year-olds , conducted in February 2008 by Lake Research Partners . Whether it is the 25-year-old freelancer with a pre-existing condition who ca n't purchase insurance in the individual market , the 20-year-old line cook who does n't receive insurance through her job or the 28-year-old bank employee who is insured but is worried about the rising costs of premiums , young Americans experience the deficiencies of our health care system on a daily basis . Nevertheless , despite a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey showing that 60 percent of Americans aged 18 to 34 support Obama 's reform plan , the voice of young Americans has been strikingly absent from the public , televised national debate . And that silence is a dangerous state of affairs for the larger dialogue around reform . Young Americans have the most at stake and the longest to live with the result , and they are often the primary voice of a moral imperative  the idea that health care reform is not only economically necessary but the just and fair thing to do  . Without their voices , the health care reform debate will continue to be stalled and hemmed in by older Americans who are in a better economic position than young people and who are afraid to change the status quo , despite all signs that it is rapidly failing . Young people were such a vital force during the election , not simply because of their own voting turnout but because of their ability to reach out to their elders and persuade them . And what could be more needed now ? But if health care reform matters so much to young people and their voice is so crucial in the debate , why the silence ? Why does it appear as if young people are n't interested in the debate that will inform so much of their future ? Well , if we are gauging America 's overall interest in the debate by the aforementioned displays of partisan yelling , screaming and death panel-ing at some town halls , no wonder we think young people do n't care . Those sideshows were a clear turnoff to a population that voted overwhelming for less partisanship and "  drama " in its politics . Or perhaps it is because this administration did little in the early stages of the debate to engage and activate a "  fired-up and ready to go " base of young people that saw health care reform as a top concern at the polls . Obama rarely highlights the fact that reform would provide protections against price differentials that often result in discrimination based on age and gender . Or what about the fact that the president 's reform proposal would mean that a young person can be covered up until the age of 26 by a parent 's plan , rather than the current limit of 19 for those who do n't attend college ? This is what young people should have been told . But it is n't too late . As 2008 showed , young people , like all other constituencies , speak when spoken to . As the debate slogs into what is sure to be the most consequential stage of the battle , President Obama has a prime opportunity to speak directly to those who should have been the base of this issue all along . It is beyond time for the White House , and other organizers working to support reform , to hit college campuses and other community centers where young people can be found , both on - and offline , and empower them to make their voices heard . In the meantime , young people are doing it themselves . Students across the country are beginning to plan their own town hall events and forums , designing health care T-shirts and sending in photo petitions to their elected officials . They are demanding real reform and trying to get the health care debate back on track . In order to succeed , the fight for bold health care reform needs the enthusiasm , support and perspective of young people . And time is running out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Erica Williams .	Erica Williams : There 's a myth that young people do n't care about health care She says young people showed concern about the issue in 2008 She says they overwhelmingly support Obama 's health care plans Williams : Reform fight needs enthusiasm and perspective of young people
Lome , Togo  CNN  -- Forty-eight people , including 15 Burkina Faso nationals and a Nigerian , died Tuesday after a bus crash in Togo , officials in the West African nation said . Fifteen others were severely injured . The accident happened before dawn 108 miles  175 kilometers  north of Lome as a bus carrying passengers to Lome collided with a truck , according to a government statement read on state TV Tuesday evening . A minibus was also involved in the crash . Survivors said the driver of the full-size bus mistook the truck for a motorbike because the truck had only one headlight . Togo President Faure Gnassingbe expressed his compassion to the families of the bereaved and dispatched a couple of ministers to the scene . About 300 people have died in road accidents in Togo since January , officials said . More than 3,000 people lost their lives and more than 37,000 were injured on the West African nation 's roads in the past four years , with a record 753 people killed in 2012 . Causes include the bad state of roads , vehicles that have mostly secondhand engines , speed , failure to use seat belts or wear helmets , and driving without license . Road accidents have become a major cause of disabilities in Togo in the past two decades , health officials say . Bus crash kills 36 in Mexico Fiery crash kills 35 in Pakistan after oil truck hits two buses	Bus heading to Lome collides with truck Survivors say bus mistook truck for a motorbike Truck had only one headlight , they say
Fukushima , Japan  CNN  -- This is my first time visiting one of the most dangerous places on earth . The devastated Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant is isolated from the rest of Japan by police checkpoints , security fences , and barricades . We ride on a bus with a handful of journalists into the highly contaminated "  red zone " -- the area closest to the plant . It remains a desolate wasteland three years after the meltdown , when Fukushima residents had just hours to grab their belongings and leave . They still have n't come back and likely wo n't be able to for a very , very long time . The only people regularly allowed into the red zone these days are workers with face masks and protective gear . We pass them as they labor in heavy clothing , braving the heat along the roadside , filling black bags with contaminated soil . Dead fields , once full of crops , are now filled with endless rows of those black bags . What makes this part of Fukushima such a frightening place is that you ca n't actually see the danger lurking everywhere . Radioactive water is leaking , soil is contaminated , and workers must brave dangerous conditions as they try to slowly and painstakingly take the power plant apart -- a process expected to take decades . Impact underestimated ? The true scope of the contamination is a subject of debate , with a research team from Fukushima University recently releasing a study that claims the plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  grossly underestimated the amount of radioactive poison cesium-137 released into the environment . Exposure can heighten the risk of cancer . The team 's report says cesium spewed into the air then fell into the water . TEPCO acknowledges it 's impossible to know for sure how much cesium was released , but the company based its estimate on their best information . Contaminated fish is a huge concern , considering seafood is a staple of the Japanese diet . Researchers told me they do n't believe the risk extends far beyond Japan and the North Pacific Ocean , even though small traces of radioactive ocean water have been detected as far away as Canada . The amounts detected so far are not high enough to cause any harm to humans . Conditions inside the Fukushima plant , though , are extremely dangerous . I had to wear layers of protective gear and a Geiger counter , to detect radiation . My shoes were wrapped in plastic to prevent spreading any radiation from contaminated floors . The plant has thousands of times more radiation than was in the bomb dropped on Hiroshima . Outside , I saw the mangled metal piled up near buildings along the coast that bore the brunt of the 2011 tsunami . It sent a 50-foot wall of water crashing into the power plant . Inside , I watched workers remove a fuel rod in reactor 4 . It is slow , grueling work in a reactor that is fully intact . Reactors 1 , 2 , and 3 melted down and the extensive damage there makes the process even more difficult . It will take decades and billions of dollars to make this place safe again . I saw the control room where workers scribbled notes on the walls after the power went out . The protective gear I was wearing got increasingly hot and uncomfortable as sweat poured down my back and condensation clouded the view through my visor . I can only imagine what it 's like for the workers who wear this gear everyday while they work tirelessly to contain this slow-burning disaster . After leaving Fukushima Daiichi , I felt great relief as I was scanned for radiation exposure and none was detected . But as I rode on the bus out of the red zone , I also felt great sadness for the tens of thousands of people who once lived there . I imagined how powerless I would feel if it was my house or business sitting empty and falling into disrepair , not knowing if it would ever be safe to go home again . INTERACTIVE : How Fukushima changed world 's attitudes to nuclear power	CNN 's Will Ripley visited the devastated Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant The only people regularly allowed in the red zone are workers in protective gear Conditions inside the Fukushima plant are extremely dangerous It will take decades to make the place safe again
New York  CNN  -- Her social security card is in the name of Joann Prinzivalli , and so is her driver 's license . But her birth certificate has the name Paul Prinzivalli . This is not a case of identity fraud . Prinzivalli said she has been trying to get the gender listed on her birth certificate changed for years . "  I know what was on my birth certificate was a mistake . It was an error , " Prinzivalli said . "  You did n't necessarily have to have medical testing  to say you were born male or female .  All they did was take a look at you . " States that already allow gender changes on birth certificates without proof of surgery include California , Vermont , Oregon , Washington , the District of Columbia and the state of New York -- but not New York City , says Chase Strangio , staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union 's LGBT project . In New York City , for Prinzivalli to get her gender changed on her birth certificate , she would have to show proof of "  convertive surgery , " or what some call gender reassignment surgery . But a proposed change in the health code would mean that anyone who wants to change the gender listed on their birth certificate will no longer need proof of surgery to make that change . Instead , someone can simply get an affidavit from a licensed health professional confirming the need for a gender change . New York City Councilman Corey Johnson , who sponsored the bill , said a proposed list of professionals who could sign off on the change ranges from physicians to mental health counselors . The proposal has the backing of Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito . "  For me , this is catching up with what other states and municipalities have done , " Johnson said . Both Johnson and the ACLU agree that the change would benefit those who struggle financially and need public assistance with food , medical care and housing . "  Birth certificates are often the only form of ID that low income New Yorkers have when applying for jobs or public benefits , " Johnson said . At the federal level , Strangio said people who opt to change their gender classification on social security cards and passports no longer need surgical proof of a surgical gender change . Prinzivalli has not been able to have the surgery because of health issues , she said . Despite losing 75 pounds , she said her weight is still too high and surgery would not be safe . It 's the same situation for David Gomez , 57 , of Queens . His identification cards label him a female and he had hoped to get surgery so that he can legally identify himself as a male . But Gomez said a prior stroke keeps him on the medicine Plavix , which the FDA warns increases the risk of bleeding and can be a risk during some surgeries . Facebook 's ` real name ' policy Both Gomez and Prinzivalli point out : Surgery is also expensive . Strangio said a full genital reconstructive surgery can cost anywhere from $ 5,000 to $ 75,000 . Worse , Strangio said , NYC 's language about the kind of surgery it requires to make a legal gender change is n't specific . "  There 's no such thing as one surgery related to gender surgery , " Strangio said . Strangio pointed to the fact that some people making transitions choose to do full genital reconstructive surgery , others do what is called "  top surgery , " where only the chest area is changed , while others simply take hormone therapy . But Peter Sprigg , of the Washington-based Family Research Council , said he believes that changing your gender on your birth certificate is a completely different issue . "  This is a record of a particular historic event , " Sprigg said . "  If you change that record , you are essentially falsifying the record of that historic event . " Prinzivalli disagrees . "  The historic event is that a child was born , " she said . Prinzivalli does n't like labeling her transition as being from "  male to female . " Instead , she believes she was born transgender and is now a female who is "  surgically unchanged . " "  I know who I am , " she says . Transgender veteran 's documents Sprigg said his organization is against the idea of sex changes as a whole and does n't believe the law should recognize them . "  The only time we believe you should be able to is , if you can demonstrate medically that the doctor at the time  of birth  made an incorrect determination of your biological sex , " Sprigg said . "  That 's not really what we 're talking about here . " Some members of the transgender community may be like Prinzivalli and have driver 's licenses , social security cards and even passports with the gender they display outwardly . But knowing that one document exists with a gender they do n't identify with can be psychologically damaging , Strangio said . "  If you live as one gender and this one document that you can never change , that lists you in a different gender , that can cause significant psychological harm that I think -LSB- is -RSB- also important to weigh , " Strangio said . New York City 's Department of Public Health will allow public comments at a hearing November 17 .	Proposal would allow transgender people to change birth certificate gender NYC now requires proof of gender reassignment surgery to make change Many U.S. states allow gender changes on birth certificates without surgery Councilman Corey Johnson : "  This is catching up with what other states and municipalities have done "
CNN  -- As you struggle to read this with that one sleepy eye just barely open , you 're probably deep into your post-Thanksgiving tryptophan coma , sitting peacefully on the sofa with a laptop balanced by your gut . Maybe you 're still trying to rationalize the fact that your projectile shirt button flew across the dinner table and killed Uncle Dave . "  At least he died so I could have more gravy . " "  He would 've wanted it that way . " But do n't worry . Nobody blames you for murdering Uncle Dave ; everyone 's just too happy to see your sweet punim back at home . They love you , and it 's good to spend quality time with your family during Thanksgiving . Besides , if you get it over with now you wo n't have to suffer again for another year . Think of it like an annual physical . Just turn your head to the left and give Nana a kiss . Of course , the only real alternative to being fat , sleepy and useless in the living room is to actually get out of the house and do some early holiday shopping with the masses . Which is a terribly misguided idea because  A  it involves being around other people and  B  putting on pants . Most retailers sort of require that . The bottom line is that there 's no real point being out in public at this stage of the food coma . Stay home . Embrace the chemicals . Be lazy . And , so long as you 've got the laptop out , you might as well join us in 2012 and do all your shopping the way Al Gore intended : Online , half-awake and fully bloated . America ! And , hey , just to make it even easier , I 've already uncovered a great trending gift that , while not necessarily new , has gained renewed popularity on the interwebs . It 's called the Boyfriend Pillow . Essentially , this thing serves as a bedtime substitute for the missing man in your life . Feel the warmth and security as you curl its plush arm around your body and rest your head on the half-chested slab of memory foam that oddly happens to be wearing a full button-down shirt to bed . Maybe he just came home drunk from happy hour . Again . Oh , but you do n't care . You still love him . "  Mmmm , let 's go to sleep . What do you say , sexy Boyfriend Pillow ? " "  I want a Hot Pocket . " For those who prefer the comfort of a woman in bed , they also make the Girlfriend Pillow . It 's essentially the same idea as the male version , but this one has large , and astonishingly disproportionate , memory foam breasts . The other major difference is that  shocker  the Girlfriend Pillow is n't wearing a shirt , because , clearly , this was designed by a man . And likely one who reads Maxim . So , if you 're actually interested in buying one of these pillows , both the male and female versions run about $ 30 and are sold by a company called Deluxe Comfort . Even if you 're not interested , you might still find amusement from the descriptions on their website . In promoting the Boyfriend Pillow , they write : "  This fun and cozy snuggle pillow is excellent for people whose partner is away on military leave or work absence . Singles , who desire to feel the touch of a man , without actually having to be with one , will love it too . " It 's the second part that concerns me : " ... without actually having to be with one . " Are we men really that bad ? Let 's just allow their product overview for the Girlfriend Pillow to answer that : " ... maybe you enjoy a better sleep when you locate your neck in your girlfriend or wife 's breast . " Confirmed . It appears we are , in fact , horrible people . But at least we 're consistent . So , if giving weird , possibly inappropriate gifts is your thing , hop online before they 're all gone on Cyber Monday . And maybe get one of these for your dear , sad auntie . Perhaps she 'll enjoy having someone next to her in bed again . Of course , there 's no replacing Uncle Dave . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jarrett Bellini .	The Boyfriend Pillow , while not new , is a trending topic recently The person-shaped , memory foam pillow is designed for lonely people The pillow , "  oddly , happens to be wearing a full button-down shirt "
CNN  -- A tsunami watch issued for five nations after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake in the Indian Ocean was canceled about two hours later . A tsunami watch in effect after an earthquake in the Indian Ocean has been called off . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center had issued the watch for India , Myanmar , Thailand , Indonesia and Bangladesh after the quake , which struck at 1:55 a.m. Tuesday  3:55 p.m. Monday ET  . Its epicenter was about 163 miles  262 km  north of Port Blair in India 's Andaman Islands , and 225 miles south-southwest of Pathein , Myanmar , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The earthquake 's focus was about 20 miles below the Earth 's surface . In general , earthquakes centered closer to the Earth 's surface produce stronger shaking and can cause more damage than those further underground . Watch where the earthquakes hit " "  Sea level readings indicate that a significant tsunami was not generated , " the warning center said in a bulletin . "  Therefore , the tsunami watch issued by this center is now canceled . " According to the geological survey , a 6.4-magnitude quake struck near the south coast of Honshu , Japan , 12 minutes after the Indian Ocean quake . The Japan Meteorological Agency issued a tsunami advisory following that quake , but said that the expected wave would be under 2 feet . CNN 's Augie Martin contributed to this report .	Watch covered India , Myanmar , Thailand , Indonesia and Bangladesh It was issued after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake in the Indian Ocean Quake with 6.4-magnitude occurred near Japan 12 minutes later
Washington  CNN  -- The Drug Enforcement Agency wants people around the country to raid their medicine cabinets this week and get rid of any old or unused prescriptions that may still be lying around . But instead of throwing them in the toilet or trash can , the DEA wants people to bring them to one of more than 3,400 sites this Saturday for safe disposal . It 's part of a campaign called National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day aimed at preventing increased pill abuse and theft . "  The National Prescription Drug Take-Back campaign will provide a safe way for Americans to dispose of their unwanted prescription drugs , " DEA Acting Administrator Michele Leonhart said in a statement . "  This effort symbolizes DEA 's commitment to halting the disturbing rise in addiction caused by their misuse and abuse . " Medicines in home cabinets are highly susceptible to diversion , misuse , and abuse , the DEA says , adding that studies show a majority of abused prescription drugs are obtained from family , friends , and the home medicine cabinet . Many Americans also do n't know how to dispose of their unused medicine away , the DEA says . Flushing it down the toilet and throwing it away are both potential safety and health hazards , it says . "  Prescription drug abuse is the nation 's fastest-growing drug problem , and take-back events like this one are an indispensable tool for reducing the threat that the diversion and abuse of these drugs pose to public health , " said Gil Kerlikowske , director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy . "  The federal , state , and local collaboration represented in this initiative is key in our national efforts to reduce pharmaceutical drug diversion and abuse . " The Take-Back Day event , which is free , takes place Saturday between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. People who want to get rid of their prescription medicines can log onto the DEA website to find their local drop-off sites .	Drug Enforcement Agency launches National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day It aims to get rid of drugs safely and prevent pill abuse and theft Prescription drug abuse is the nation 's fastest-growing drug problem
CNN  -- Bayern Munich returned to the top of the Bundesliga for the first time since May 2008 with a 2-0 victory at home to Hoffenheim on Friday night in the first match after the German winter break . Louis van Gaal 's team climbed a point above halfway leaders Bayer Leverkusen , who host Mainz on Saturday . Third-placed Schalke can also move above Bayern with victory at home to second-bottom Nuremberg on Sunday . Van Gaal was again without the services of playmaker Franck Ribery , who is expected to return from injury in the trip to Werder Bremen next weekend , but the club insisted before the match that all efforts will be made to keep the France star , a reported target of Real Madrid and Chelsea . But Dutch forward Arjen Robben was fit to start as 21-time league champions Bayern continued the form that saw them win six consecutive matches at the end of last year , while captain Mark Van Bommel returned from suspension in front of a capacity 69,000 crowd at the Allianz Arena . Argentina defender Martin Demichelis opened the scoring in the 35th minute , with the center-back stabbing home from close range after Hoffenheim 's Josip Simunic headed a cross from Bastian Schweinsteiger into his path . Germany striker Miroslav Klose came off the bench to replace the injured Ivica Olic and score his first league goal in nine months . With four minutes of regulation time remaining , he guided a speculative shot from Van Bommel into the net after the midfielder was set up by Robben . Mario Gomez , who started up front with Olic , had a miserable match as he hit the post in stoppage time to add to four earlier misses . Hoffenheim , who topped the table 12 months ago before an alarming slump in form that saw them miss out on a place in Europe , were left in seventh place with 25 points from 18 matches -- 11 adrift of Bayern .	Bayern Munich return to the top of Bundesliga table for first time since May 2008 Louis Van Gaal 's team win 2-0 at home Hoffenheim in first match after winter break Martin Demichelis scores opener in 35th minute and Miroslav Klose adds late second Hoffenheim were left in seventh place with 25 points from 18 matches , 11 adrift of Bayern
CNN  -- A baseball tradition is about to end . This week , Major League Baseball announced it would no longer allow the use of chewing tobacco when fans are present . If you 've got it , says the league , you 've got to conceal it . Since baseball became a professional sport in the mid-19th century , players and coaches have been tucking tobacco between their gums and cheeks and spitting out brown saliva . It 's a ritual that has permeated the game . Atlanta Braves coach Bobby Dews remembers the first time he was offered a "  chaw " of tobacco , as they call it . It was 50 years ago when Dews left his junior year at Georgia Tech to sign a deal to play shortstop for the St. Louis Cardinals ' minor league team . He got a $ 20,000 signing bonus . "  Everyone was chewing tobacco in the minors , " Dews says . "  It was almost like an initiation . You knew the major leaguers did it . " And everyone in the minors dreamed of the majors , including Dews . Dews ' first day on the team , an older player offered him some tobacco . Why did so many players use it ? "  I do n't know . Maybe they thought it would help you be a better ballplayer . Or maybe it just made you feel like a better ballplayer , " Dew recalls . "  I tried it . It made me sick right out of the chute . Lucky for me . " Dews played with the Cardinals farm team . Just like his father , who played more than a decade in the minors , Dews dreamed of playing in the majors . He recalls a story about chewing tobacco that his father passed down that may shed light on the roots of that baseball tradition . "  It was a couple years before I was born : around 1937 or ' 38 , shortly after they built the old ballpark in Durham , North Carolina , " Dews said . "  My father was in the bullpen a lot . He was a catcher . The ballpark 's right field wall backed up to the Bull Durham Tobacco Factory . Young ladies who lived near the stadium would flirt with the guys in the bullpen and occasionally throw 'em tobacco . " Could that be where the term bullpen derived ? Bull Durham chewing tobacco ? The story sounds like good old-fashioned folklore . "  This is a story I 've lived with , " says Dew . "  You hear stories in your family so much they become true . I do n't know . " Dews ' father left home during the Great Depression and became a minor league player by 16 . During World War II , Dews ' father was playing for the Atlanta Crackers in AA baseball . Then he was drafted by the Army . After the war , he signed up for the Army Reserves , which periodically interrupted his 13-year baseball career . Dews ' father had combat infantry badges from World War II , Korea and Vietnam . He did n't chew tobacco . But he smoked . And he drank . "  When he came back from Vietnam , he quit , " Dews said . "  He never smoked or drank again . " Dews ' grandparents raised him warning him that the men in the family had problems with alcohol . "  I was afraid to start drinking . I did n't want to become an alcoholic . I had a great desire to excel . I did n't have my first drink until I was 30 . " And so , Dews , without chewing , without smoking , without drinking , played the minors and dreamed of the majors . After playing for 10 years , he realized , the St. Louis Cardinals were never going to call him up from the farm league . They told him , ` we do n't want you to be a major league player . We want you to be a major league coach . ' That meant coaching for a long time in the minors . So he honed his skills in the minors , developing young talent the way he wishes he 'd been developed , learning from the mistakes that the men who should have been his mentors made . "  I was 30-something . I had n't made it to the majors . A minor league manager for St. Louis was a lonely job . You did n't have a staff of coaches . By then , I thought I could handle anything . So I started having a few beers to relax after the game . " Before he got too deep into drinking , Dews made a call for a new job , a new route to the majors . The Atlanta Braves answered the call . Dews became the team 's third-base coach . But his ascent hit a very big roadblock . The one his family warned about . In 1988 , upper management realized he had a problem with alcohol . He was determined not to be derailed . "  I found myself in a rehab center in St. Simon 's Island , just in the nick of time , " Dews said . "  I 'd spent a lot of time trying to get to the top of this game , so I was gon na get help . It 's not like it 's going to go away . I 'm not drinking . But I 'll always be an alcoholic . " Dews made it back to sobriety . And he made it back to the majors . He 's been coaching with the Atlanta Braves for the past 37 years , with over half a century working in baseball . A number of years were as a pitching coach , in the bullpen , where his father had spent so much time as a catcher . Even before Major League Baseball announced this week that there would be no more tobacco chewing within sight of the fans , teams would bring in well-known players such as Bill Tuttle , a former Detroit Tigers outfielder , to tell players about his tobacco chewing days and the throat cancer he battled . The league was committed to advising players on the dangers of smoking and drinking . Dews has continued to follow in the tradition of his father . Like his father , Dews writes books . His latest is "  Unpublished Poets . " Like his father , he did n't chew tobacco . Like his father , he quit drinking and is proud to say he has n't had a drink in 25 years . Unlike his father , Dews made it to the majors and remains with the Atlanta Braves . At 71 , Dews still goes to spring training and coaches all the home games . "  I help coaches if they have questions -- if I can help them -- through my experience . " Bobby Dews dreamed of the majors . He kept dreaming , until he got there .	Major League Baseball : Chewing tobacco not allowed when fans are present Chewing tobacco is a longtime ritual associated with baseball Bobby Dews recalls the history of chewing tobacco from his father 's stories
CNN  -- The search for a plane that was carrying a software company president and members of his family when it disappeared from radar over Idaho was set to resume Wednesday morning after would-be rescuers were forced to suspend their efforts because of nightfall , authorities said . Search and rescue teams detected a weak signal from an emergency locator transmitter that allowed authorities to narrow the search to the area south of Johnson Creek , near Yellow Pine , where the plane is believed to have gone down . "  We 've done a ping on the cell phones , and we 've narrowed it down to a 4 - or 5-square-mile area that we 're searching right now , " Valley County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Dan Smith told CNN affiliate KGO . Dale Smith had left Baker City , Oregon , with his son , his son 's wife , his daughter and her fiance , said Rand Kriech . He and Smith founded SerialTek , a San Jose , California , company that develops hardware and software data storage tools . Smith 's wife and another daughter were in Cascade , Idaho , on Tuesday awaiting news about the search , Kriech said . The Smiths were in Dale Smith 's single-engine Beechcraft Bonanza en route to Butte , Montana . About 3 p.m. Sunday , as they were flying over central Idaho at an altitude of 9,000 feet , the 51-year-old executive reported engine trouble and asked controllers in Salt Lake City for the coordinates of the Johnson Creek Air Strip , the sheriff 's spokesman said . They never made it . Snow hampered search efforts , carried out Monday by helicopters from the Idaho Army National Guard . Three more planes were expected to join the search on Wednesday , according to Robert Feeley , a spokesman for the Idaho Bureau of Homeland Security . About 40 search and rescue teams , some using ATVs and snowmobiles , combed the area Tuesday and were expected to resume their efforts at first light on Wednesday , authorities said . Repeated attempts to fly into the area of the last known contact , about a mile east of the Johnson Creek Air Strip , were unsuccessful Monday because of poor weather , the Valley County Sheriff 's Office said . "  If there is anyone who is able to survive a difficult situation , that would be Dale , " San Jose Mormon Bishop Jed Dyreng told KGO of his fellow churchgoer . "  When there was Hurricane Katrina , Dale was the first one to get in his plane , grab a bunch of members of his church and go out and help . " "  We are a little bit worried , " said the bishop 's wife , Ann Dyreng , who flew with Smith to Utah in October . "  He 's an engineer brain , and he 's very meticulous about doing all that . He 's meticulous in all things he does . " Smith co-founded SerialTek in 2007 , serving as president and chief technologist . It employs 25 people , said Kriech , who described Smith as a religious man who had done humanitarian work with the group Medecins sans Frontieres . "  He 's an engineer 's engineer , " Kriech said Tuesday . "  If anyone can get out of this situation , it 's Dale . Hopefully , he laid the plane down safely . That 's what we are hoping and praying for this morning . He 's a good man , and we 're hoping to see him back here . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : Search efforts are set to resume Wednesday morning , authorities said Data storage company co-founder was aboard with four passengers "  We 've narrowed it down , " says Valley County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Dan Smith The plane was over central Idaho on Sunday when it disappeared from radar
CNN  -- A 22-year-old Boston University graduate who fell down an elevator shaft at Boston 's Fenway Park remains in serious condition , and "  her prognosis is uncertain , " a lawyer for her family said Tuesday . Elisabeth Scotland of New Jersey fell into the elevator shaft after a Red Sox game Friday , the day of her graduation from the Boston University 's School of Management . Though the cause of the accident remains under investigation , a spokesman for the Massachusetts Executive Office of Public Safety and Security said "  extreme force " against the bottom of the elevator door probably caused a break of the "  fasteners and metal back-up safety system " that kept the door in place . Spokesman Terrel Harris said investigators believe that the force caused the door to give , but the cause of the pressure is unclear . He said the elevator , which was operating properly during its last inspection in February , remains out of service . "  The Scotland family appreciates the many expressions of concern and support that have come from the Boston community and the Red Sox organization , " said a statement released by Patrick Jones , a lawyer for Scotland 's family . "  They acknowledge with gratitude the outpouring of love and support from their South Jersey community . " The statement added , "  At this time Lizzy continues to receive medical and surgical care and attention at Beth Israel ; her condition is serious and her prognosis is uncertain . " Scotland was transported to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center after the fall . "  Somehow  the  elevator shaft doors on floor 4 opened , " the Boston Fire Department said on Twitter . Scotland fell into the shaft , landing on the roof of the elevator , the department said . She 'd fallen "  anywhere from 20 to 30 feet , " fire department spokesman Steve McDonald told CNN affiliate WCVB . "  The firefighters went to the upper floors and were able to look down and see her , " McDonald added . "  She was not moving . " Firefighters cut power to the elevator after stopping it on the second floor , the fire department said . Rescuers did not wait for a ladder ; they used a chair and boosted themselves up through a hatch to the roof . They immobilized the victim and lowered her through the hatch , the fire department said . In a statement before Saturday night 's game against the Detroit Tigers , the Red Sox said : "  The Massachusetts Department of Public Safety and the Boston Police Department are working to determine exactly what happened . Due to the ongoing investigation , and out of respect for the family of the young woman who was injured , the Red Sox will have no further comment at this time . " The Red Sox lost Friday night to the Tigers 1-0 . The incident occurred shortly after the game ended . CNN 's Lawrence Crook III contributed to this story .	Elisabeth Scotland remains in serious condition after fall at Boston 's Fenway Park A lawyer for her family says "  her prognosis is uncertain " Scotland fell at Red Sox game on the day of her graduation from Boston University
CNN  -- "  To report the state of the union . " Within the first few seconds of President Barack Obama 's address Tuesday night , he quoted the late President John F. Kennedy , who 51 years ago used those words to describe a president 's annual duty . As Obama spoke , citizens around the country were tapping away at keyboards , posting and sending messages -- public and private -- characterizing their own view of how the union , and its president , are faring . Obama told the packed House of Representatives chamber : "  We can say with renewed confidence that the state of our union is stronger . " Rothkopf : This time , a president in full And those citizens around the country , typing away , were in essence saying : We 'll be the ones to decide that , thank you very much . It is one of the most profound changes a modern president faces : The fact that the day is long gone when a chief executive can declare what the status of the nation is and have the words be treated as a one-directional proclamation rather than as the first salvo in an instant conversation . Twitter reported that as Obama discussed the middle class and minimum wages , its users were posting messages at the rate of 24,000 per minute . Tweets on State of the Union The State of the Union address , for more than a century -- from Thomas Jefferson to Woodrow Wilson -- was not even delivered verbally to Congress . It was handed to the House and Senate on paper , and then printed -- usually in full -- in newspapers across the country . Americans studied the words as they would a major company 's annual report . The official version -- the hot-off-the-presses results of the nation 's yearly physical exam . The dynamic , of necessity , has been forever altered . Welch : Obama 's ` do-something ' plan for a ` have-nothing ' government "  I 'm also issuing a new goal for America , " Obama said Tuesday night , and before he could even complete the sentence , he had to know that there were plenty of people who would automatically reject whatever words would follow and would not be shy about it . Self-doubt is a characteristic that a modern president of either party must banish as he speaks . If he were to dwell on the fact that every single syllable he utters is being dissected in real time , it would be understandable if he were unable to make it through a paragraph . "  We know what needs to be done , " Obama said , but that word -- "  we " -- is itself open to daily dispute . A president 's voice may be , symbolically , the loudest in the republic , but it is one voice among hundreds of millions , most of them with the technological power to talk right back . Democracy , at warp speed . Slaughter : Obama dares Congress to get the job done That endless and instantaneous conversation -- and it is only going to grow more constant in the decades to come -- is the contemporary reality to which each president must now adjust , the fresh fact of civic life . It is , in a fundamental way , the new state of the union . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Presidents are required to report on the state of the union For a long time , reports were delivered in writing ; today there is a speech Bob Greene : New element is that citizens can immediately talk back with their views Twitter users were posting tens of thousands of messages a minute
CNN  -- Pat Nixon had taken Mamie Eisenhower out to lunch . This was in the summer of 1973 ; the wife of one president and the widow of another talked quietly in the dining room of the United States Senate . I had traveled to Washington to cover the Senate Watergate hearings , which of course centered on the first lady 's husband , and I had unexpectedly been invited to lunch by the other person at my table , which was just a few feet from where Mrs. Nixon and Mrs. Eisenhower were eating . "  What did you think ? " George McGovern asked me . He drank a cup of coffee and waited for his omelet to arrive . "  When you were riding the planes and looking at the crowds every day , did you think we 'd lost it ? " George McGovern , an unabashed liberal voice , dies Only one year before , he had been traveling the country campaigning nonstop , the Democratic candidate for president . He had hoped to be living in the White House . Now , in that summer of ' 73 , having suffered a landslide defeat at the hands of Richard Nixon , he was a U.S. senator who had just come out of a routine and dreary agriculture subcommittee meeting which had lasted all morning and would resume after the lunch break . "  Did you think we never had a chance from the convention on ? " McGovern asked . The Nixon-McGovern campaign had been my first . McGovern had done his best to get to know the people assigned to cover him , even the neophytes , so I had been pleased that a year after his defeat he would take the time to get a bite to eat with me . He died on Sunday at age 90 in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , the same town where he had made his concession speech to Nixon on a cold November night 40 years ago . In the sometimes unforgiving world of political acrimony -- left vs. right , conservative vs.liberal -- it is easy to reduce national candidates to cartoon figures . But whatever anyone may have thought of McGovern 's ideology , he was an awfully good guy . And for those who casually categorized him as "  soft , " as his political opponents sometimes did , I always offer the suggestion : Unless you flew 35 World War II combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe as the pilot of a B-24 bomber , as he did , and were awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for your valor , as he was , maybe you ought to hold up a little bit before you offhandedly call a man like McGovern soft . "  Because it was the crowds that convinced me that the polls were wrong , " McGovern was saying at lunch . "  I simply could n't conceive that the crowds could be so big and enthusiastic , and that the polls could be so drastically negative at the same time . That 's the one thing that still puzzles me a little . " Opinion : McGovern ahead of his time The setting for this conversation bordered on the surreal . McGovern had spent that whole doomed campaign trying in vain to convince the country that he , not Nixon , should be president . Now , in the Senate Dining Room , not only were Mrs. Nixon and Mrs. Eisenhower sitting across the way , but also at nearby tables having lunch were three men who were gaining enormous celebrity as members of the Watergate committee , which was in the midst of holding its nationally televised hearings in the Senate Caucus Room : Sam Ervin of North Carolina , Howard Baker of Tennessee and Lowell Weicker of Connecticut . The country 's eyes were riveted on them every day , on every broadcast network . "  No , I really have n't watched the Watergate hearings too much , " McGovern said . "  Oh , once in a while when I go into the Senate cloakroom the TV set in there is turned on , and I watch it for a few minutes . But I do n't watch the reruns at night . It 's kind of hard for me to watch the hearings anyway ; I guess I feel a little more personally involved in what they 're about than most people do . " The night before , he told me , he had been invited to a party at which President Nixon had also been a guest . It was the first time he had encountered Nixon in person since the election . In the receiving line , when the two had come face to face , both men smiled broadly , if uneasily , and news photographers snapped pictures of the moment . "  As soon as I was invited to that party , " McGovern said , "  I knew the situation was going to come up . ... I did n't think that was the picture they 'd take . There was another time when Nixon and  then-National Security Adviser Henry  Kissinger and I were all going to be standing together , and I figured that was the picture they 'd take . ... What did people expect me to do when I got to Nixon ? Do this ? " Politicians pay tribute McGovern scowled comically and began waving his finger in the air , as if scolding Nixon . "  Could n't very well do that , " he said , laughing . The news stories about McGovern 's passing said that death came to him at the Dougherty Hospice House in Sioux Falls . When I saw that , I had a feeling . I looked it up . A man named Bill Dougherty was one of McGovern 's dear South Dakota friends . He had risen to the position of lieutenant governor of the state ; he was with McGovern to offer consolation on that night in Sioux Falls when the election results came in . Dougherty died in 2010 ; the hospice facility was named in his honor . So McGovern spent the last days of his life back in South Dakota , within the welcoming walls of a building bearing the name of his old friend . Home , and friendship : sustaining and real in a way that vote totals and lofty titles can never compete with . If you 're lucky , that is . George McGovern was . Highlights of McGovern 's life The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene lunched with George McGovern after the senator 's failed presidential bid He says McGovern wondered then whether his campaign had seemed doomed to reporters He says some called McGovern soft , but he was a valorous WW II combat pilot ; also a good guy Greene : McGovern was surrounded by home , friendship when he died Sunday
Ebola has come to the United States -- first in the form of sick Americans brought home for treatment , now with one confirmed case in Dallas and others being monitored -- and public concern over that reality includes a pointed question : Who 's in charge of stopping Ebola before it can spread ? The global threat of the deadly virus is so serious that on Friday , Vice President Joe Biden likened Ebola to the brutal ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria : Together , they 're "  the wolves closest to the door , " Biden said . A series of events has unfolded since a visiting Liberian citizen in Texas became the first-ever Ebola case diagnosed in the United States this week : 50 more people in Dallas are being monitored for the disease . Officials struggle to clean a contaminated apartment there . And a patient in Washington , D.C. , who recently visited Nigeria was hospitalized Friday and was being monitored for health issues that could be associated with Ebola . So , who 's in charge of the battle against Ebola ? It 's a partnership between the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and state and local governments where an Ebola case occurs , said CDC Director Tom Frieden . But local officials ultimately are in charge of each case , he said . "  We work very closely with state and local governments , and when there 's an episode in a state or local government , they are in charge , and we support them in every way , " Frieden told CNN on Friday . "  They assign an incident manager . They establish an emergency operations system . They outline every aspect and we work very closely ... There 's a great collaboration , " Frieden added . In the Ebola case in Dallas , authorities at the state , county and city levels are working with the CDC . Specifically , it 's Dallas County that 's in charge , said Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins , also director of the county 's Homeland Security and Emergency Management . The county has "  set up an Incident Management Center and is acting as the lead agency for the Ebola investigation and containment , " said the county judge , who is vested with broad judicial and administrative powers under the Texas Constitution . Have there been any government snafus ? Yes . Not surprisingly , there 's bureaucratic red tape that has slowed government response to Texas ' Ebola case and its attendant concerns . For example , the CDC sent a medical waste contractor to a Dallas apartment where Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan , 42 , had stayed and where his sweat-stained bed sheets and towels were still inside the unit . In fact , the days-long presence of the contaminated linens in the apartment was a controversy in itself . Duncan 's partner , by whom he has a child and whose first name is Louise , told CNN about how she and three family members were being forced to live with the soiled materials since Sunday , when an ambulance took an ill Duncan to the hospital . Louise and the three relatives are in the apartment under a quarantine enforced by police . But the medical waste contractor could n't begin the job Thursday because a Department of Transportation permit was needed to transport this type of unprecedented hazardous waste on Texas highways , a CDC spokeswoman said . By midday Friday , the contractor began cleaning the apartment . Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , acknowledged "  there are things that did n't go right in Dallas " but added many responses went well too . "  Even though there were missteps there , there were good things that happened , " Fauci said Friday . Has there been criticism ? Yes , largely from Republicans . Even before the first case on U.S. soil , U.S. Sen. Rob Portman , R-Ohio , urged President Barack Obama , a Democrat , to appoint one federal official to lead the U.S. strategy to address the worldwide Ebola outbreak , especially in Africa . "  Unfortunately , the lack of a central coordinator to facilitate cooperation between all of the U.S. efforts at home and abroad appears to have led to a delay in an effective U.S. government response and an absence of financial and operational accountability , " Portman wrote to Obama last month . This week , another Republican , Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas , urged Obama to appoint to an "  Ebola czar " to address the outbreak in Africa , Moran told BuzzFeed News . Moran , however , did n't make any reference to the ongoing Texas situation . "  There is no person to go to , to tell us how all this is going to be funded , " Moran said of the U.S. response to the Ebola outbreak in Africa . "  I do n't think there is a person in charge , " he added . "  And I do n't think there is a plan internationally to bring the folks together to combat this . " For its part , the United Nations has set up the first-ever U.N. emergency health mission , the Mission for Ebola Emergency Response , to deal with the "  the unprecedented outbreak " of Ebola , the agency said . What does Obama say about a U.S. Ebola czar ? No . Obama does n't want one . The White House said the structure of the federal response is "  sufficient , " with particular officials leading the way on both domestic and international fronts . "  On the question of why we have not tapped an ` Ebola czar , ' we are cognizant that doing so would create another layer of bureaucracy , " a senior administration official said . "  To be sure , our response needs to be as nimble and as bureaucratically lean as possible in order to bring the overseas epidemic under control , " the official said . "  We feel the current structure we have in place is sufficient . " On Friday , Lisa Monaco , Obama 's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser , said the U.S. government has been "  enhancing our domestic preparedness to respond " to cases like Texas . "  The United States has the most capable health care infrastructure and the best doctors in the world , bar none , " Monaco said . "  The United States is prepared to deal with this crisis , both at home and in the region . Every Ebola outbreak over the past 40 years has been stopped . " CDC Director Frieden applauded the U.S. domestic response and cited how Texas has successfully established an incident management system . "  That 's been done in Texas . They 've done exactly what we 've recommended . They have an incident manager in place . We 're supporting that person . The state of Texas is supporting that person , and I 'm confident we 'll break the chain of transmission there , " Frieden said .	Local officials ultimately are in charge of each U.S. Ebola case , CDC says But there have been problems between governmental units in the Dallas case Some Republican senators urge Obama to appoint an Ebola czar But the White House says no , stating that the leadership is sufficient
Mr. Harvey would be so proud today . His voice -- the magnificent voice that he feared he had lost forever -- is back . And people all over the United States are once again moved by the sound of it , and by his words . "  And on the eighth day , God looked down on his planned paradise and said ' I need a caretaker . ' So God made a farmer . " Just as seemingly simple , and devastatingly direct , as that . "  God said ' I need somebody willing to sit up all night with a newborn colt , and watch it die , then dry his eyes and say , ` Maybe next year . ' " You probably saw the commercial during the Super Bowl telecast . It was on behalf of a Dodge truck . The voice was that of Paul Harvey , taken directly from a recording of a speech he made in 1978 to the Future Farmers of America . Mr. Harvey died four years ago at the age of 90 . I knew him for more than 30 years ; he always invited me to call him "  Paul , " and I never quite could . He was Mr. Harvey , and for a very long time , he was as big a name as there was in the world of radio . His commentaries were heard everywhere . Eatocracy : By the numbers , how has farming changed since ` So God Made a Farmer ' ? They were so popular because he was unafraid , even in the most cynical and contentious times , to speak from his heart . Because of that , he had admiring listeners of every political persuasion ; his own politics were conservative , but because of the care and craftsmanship with which he wrote , people who did n't agree with him on issues of national policy made a daily habit of tuning in just because they liked the warmth and respect he showed them in his storytelling . They considered his voice to be the voice of a friend . "  God said , ' I need somebody strong enough to clear trees and heave bales , yet gentle enough to yean lambs and wean pigs and tend to pink combed pullets ; who will stop his mower for an hour to splint the broken leg of a meadowlark . ' " The writing was what he took such pride in . He would begin well before dawn , in a quiet office above Michigan Avenue in Chicago . He wrote on a favorite old typewriter whose touch he trusted . Within the hour , the words -- punctuated by those wondrous silences between phrases -- would be heard in every corner of the country . They connected , person-to-person , with the intimacy of a whisper in an ear . Truck ad stirs pride , passion and conversation in agricultural circles Toward the end , illness ravaged his voice , and he was terrified that it had been irretrievably stolen from him . He was off the air for long spans . When he came back , the voice was still his , but it was weakened . He knew it . The knowledge caused him great despair . He had two best friends in life . One was his wife , Angel , who died before he did . The other best friend was his voice . The thought of it , too , being taken from him made Mr. Harvey lie awake at night and pray . There that voice was again , Sunday night . People too young to remember Mr. Harvey 's glory days stopped what they were doing and leaned toward the television set , suddenly needing to hear every word . His artistry did that to people . "  Somebody who would bale a family together with the soft , strong bonds of sharing ; who would laugh and then sigh , and then reply , with smiling eyes , when his son says that he wants to spend his life doing what dad does -- ` so God made a farmer . ' " Mr. Harvey would walk out of the studio after each broadcast , then go back into his office and sit down next to that typewriter . He knew that soon enough he 'd be at it again .	Bob Greene : Americans of all political stripes listened to Paul Harvey 's radio stories Greene : Harvey 's 1978 "  So God Made a Farmer " speech was used on Dodge truck ad Harvey wrote his stories on old typewriter and treasured writing and radio , Greene says Greene : Even in times of cynicism and upheaval , he spoke from the heart
New Bataan , Compostela Valley , Philippines  CNN  -- Two months ago , on December 4 , Super Typhoon Bopha made landfall in the Philippines packing winds of 160 mph  260 km/h  . It cut a swathe of destruction across the southern island of Mindanao , claimed the lives of over 1,000 people and affected over six million as it tracked across the Island . Coconut and banana plantations were flattened and 216,000 homes were damaged or destroyed . Today , more than 6,000 people in the worst affected provinces of Davao Oriental and Compostela Valley remain in evacuation centers , unable to go home . Since Bopha struck , Lydia Inungam , 38 , has lived with her family in a tent provided by the Red Cross in the grounds of an elementary school in New Bataan Municipality in the Province of Compostela Valley . Altogether , 90 families live on the site and most wo n't be returning home any time soon as their homes were totally destroyed . Ten days ago Lydia gave birth to a daughter , her seventh child . "  I gave birth in a classroom because it was raining so hard and a storm was blowing outside , " she said . "  I have never given birth away from my home and I was panicking when the labor pains started , I was afraid to give birth inside the tent . " For Lydia , nursing a newborn in the tent city is n't easy . "  It gets really hot in here , " she said . "  At night the baby keeps on crying , she 's not comfortable so we sleep at the classroom . We used to live in a cool breezy place by the river , unlike here . " A short walk away is the remains of Lydia 's shattered village . Simple wood and bamboo huts lie crushed and splintered under the weight of fallen coconut palms . Lydia had a narrow escape . "  We first knew something was really wrong when the coconut trees started to fall and the river started to flood , " she explained . "  As we ran to the rice fields the trees were thumping down all around us . The wind was so strong we had to crawl to the school building . " Driving through village after village in Compostela Valley , the massive scale of humanitarian needs is clearly evident . Partially collapsed houses line the roads , patched up with tarpaulins that serve as roof coverings and temporary walls . Tom Bamforth heads up the Shelter Cluster , an inter-agency coordination platform that brings together local and international humanitarian organizations that are responding to emergency shelter needs in Mindanao . He feels that support from the international community has been woefully inadequate . So far , only 20 % of families have received any help to carry out emergency repairs on their homes . "  Donors do n't seem to view shelter as the humanitarian priority here , " he said . "  Ninety five per cent of those affected are living in their damaged homes or makeshift shelters , but the funding shortfall for shelter repair kits means that 54,000 families may not receive the help they need . " The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies  IFRC  is one of the few agencies committed to providing tools , materials and technical training to families repairing their homes . Together with the Philippine Red Cross it also aims to help some whose houses were totally destroyed to rebuild from scratch . "  The current funding reality means that we can only provide a third of the 15,000 shelter repair kits that we included in our emergency appeal , " explained Necephor Mghendi , the IFRC 's head of operations in the Philippines . In terms of providing help to build more permanent shelter for families whose homes were totally destroyed , the IFRC is only able to support 700 out of target number of 4,000 families . Compared with other natural disasters of a similar scale , the donor response to Bopha has been muted , despite the Philippine government 's appeal for international assistance . Even though it ranks as one of the most disaster-prone countries in Asia , the Philippines is widely perceived by donors as a middle-income country , less deserving of humanitarian assistance than some of its neighbors . The global financial crisis has also put the squeeze on humanitarian aid budgets and impacted levels of public giving to disasters overseas . Bopha did n't get much traction in the international media . Competing against Syria for the headlines , the story appeared to drop off TV screens within days . With scant media coverage , the job of NGO fundraisers was made even more difficult . Barely any British NGOs launched public appeals in the full knowledge that levels of public sympathy just were n't high enough . But if a category 5 super typhoon -- the largest on the scale -- does not warrant donor attention the future looks very bleak . Bamforth takes a hard line on the indifference shown by the international community to the disaster . "  The paradox is that while donors view the Philippines as more developed and less deserving , when a disaster like Bopha strikes , those development gains become very fragile as people 's levels of vulnerability increase so dramatically , " he said . Mindanao is one of the poorest regions of the country . Development has lagged behind other parts of the country , hindered in part by various long running insurgencies spanning four decades which have led to the displacement of hundreds of thousands of people . It has been the rural poor who have been hit hardest by Bopha . Areas such as Compostela Valley and Davao are the fruit bowl of the country exporting thousands of tons of bananas each year , but overnight the commercial plantations were decimated and thousands of workers lost their livelihoods . One worrying aspect of the social and economic impact of the losses inflicted by Bopha has been the increasing numbers of people seeking work overseas . "  Recruiters " have begun to appear in some villages in Davao Oriental , targeting women to work as domestic help in the Middle East . Having lost much of their source of income as well as their major family asset -- their house -- many are prepared to face the risks and leave behind their children to support their families from afar . With no work , 63-year-old Rodrigo Palaga spends his days salvaging bits of debris to patch up his battered home in San Roque , New Bataan . But just as he fixed the corrugated iron roof , a wave of fresh flooding caused by heavy rains a week ago have left the shell of his home covered in a layer of stinking mud . With no running water since the typhoon , his daughter has no option but to bath their grandchild in bottled mineral water donated by an aid agency . As the house is still uninhabitable , at night the family of six sleeps in a tent at the bottom of his land made from a tarpaulin distributed by the Red Cross . "  We worry that the floods will come again , the children wake at the slightest sound outside , " he said . "  We have been given some food supplies and household items but what I really need is plywood and tools to fix up the house . " There is no disputing that emergency relief is certainly needed by families such as Rodrigo 's . But without support in all sectors , in particular shelter and livelihoods , already fragile communities will be left highly vulnerable to future disaster events and their situation will only keep deteriorating with the next storm season . For Bamforth , the priority is to provide households with the tools , materials and know-how to build back better . "  Unfortunately we are seeing the opposite situation , " he said . Most NGO 's are operating skeleton teams in the field and the funding gap has meant that humanitarian standards are being compromised . At the moment people might receive a tarpaulin and a piece of roof sheeting and are simply told ` that 's it ' . "	Philippines island Mindanao was hit hard by Typhoon Bopha Two months on , 6,000 people remain homeless , living in evacuation centers Muted international response to disaster hinders rebuilding Donors view Philippines as ` less deserving ' of humanitarian assistance
A counterfeit version of the anti-cancer drug Avastin may have been purchased and used in a number of medical facilities in the United States , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration warned Wednesday . The FDA sent letters to 19 medical practices known to have purchased unapproved cancer medications , according to the agency . The counterfeit version of Avastin lacks the medicine 's key ingredient , bevacizumab . Roche , the pharmaceutical company that manufactures Avastin , conducted laboratory tests confirming the presence of the counterfeit version , the FDA noted . "  The counterfeit product is not safe or effective and should not be used , " Roche member company Genentech said in a written statement . Genentech is responsible for marketing Avastin . The unapproved cancer medications -- potentially including the counterfeit version of Avastin -- were purchased from a foreign supplier known as Quality Specialty Products , which may also be known as Montana Health Care Solutions , according to the FDA "  It sounds like the key issue with that ... is that the counterfeit vials do n't have Genentech labels on them , " said Donald Harvey , president of the Hematology and Oncology Pharmacists Association . "  Pharmacists have to take a look and really investigate their supply . "	A counterfeit version of the anti-cancer drug Avastin has been discovered in the United States FDA sends warning letters to 19 medical practices Avastin is manufactured by Roche and marketed by Genentech Genentech : The "  counterfeit product is not safe or effective "
CNN  -- When the comedian Daniel Tosh reportedly singled out a woman in his audience and suggested , according to a blog post that recounted the incident , it would be "  funny " if she "  got raped by , like , five guys , right now , " the online reaction was swift , heated and often split down gender lines . Many men wanted to explain free speech or heckling etiquette . Many women  and virtually all feminists  said these topics were distractions , at best , from the sheer offensiveness of Tosh 's attack . As we at the Women 's Media Center watched hundreds of users comment on our Facebook post about the incident , we saw the same disconnect . Quite a few of the women who shared our post said they were doing so in hopes that a husband or boyfriend would "  finally understand why I wo n't watch Tosh 's show with him . " Some even tagged their husbands or boyfriends , to be sure the message would reach its destination . In the aggregate , these comments gave us a glimpse into the ongoing , low-grade conflicts between women who have been trying to articulate their discomfort with Tosh 's lazy , cruel and misogynistic humor , and the men who share their lives but just do n't get it . At the center of these disagreements is the rape-joke empathy gap . The problem is n't a failure of men to see rape as horrific . It 's that many of them do not perceive that rape itself lies on the far end of a broad spectrum of ways in which the idea of rape , the invocation of rape or the threat of rape is used to intimidate women or to regulate their behavior . When women are told that they should n't drink too much or walk alone at night or wear a revealing top , they are being given a guided tour of the boundaries of acceptable female conduct . Women are supposed to understand that these boundaries are policed by rapists . We cross the line at our own risk . And if we are caught , the brutal punishment is one we have earned . Gilbert Gottfried : If you do n't want to hear an edgy joke , do n't listen A comedian who shoots down an audience member who objects to his rape jokes by joking about her being gang-raped on the spot is n't being funny . He 's using rape to shut up a woman who crossed a boundary by speaking out of turn . That is unacceptable . Tosh was free to say what he said , of course . But that does n't mean it was n't morally repugnant . It was . What about rape jokes with less vicious punch lines ? Here is the gray area where the empathy gap thrives best . There is absolutely room in both comedy and in feminism for discussions about rape jokes that highlight rape as a social ill vs. those that perpetuate that injustice . That 's why we joined with other feminist media critics and activists to produce a YouTube "  supercut " of rape jokes -- some insightful and some far less so . Still , the presence of rape in women 's lives is too real and pervasive for many to laugh at all the same jokes that many men can . It 's not that women never enjoy crude humor -- a lesbian journalist friend recently confided in us her amazement that her wife is a fan of Tosh 's show , if not some of its more brutal misogyny . And it 's not that no man knows with terrible certainty what it 's like to be a rape victim -- one in five females and one in 71 males in the United States are the victims of rape , to say nothing of atrocities around the world such as those described in our new report on rape as a weapon of war in Syria . Nonetheless , the significant overlap between the gender divide and the rape-joke empathy gap is real , and it seems inevitable when media coverage of rape so often focuses on what a victim should have done differently to try harder not to get raped . Such shoddy framing creates a fictional image that there 's a certain type of woman who gets raped . Women know that 's a lie , because they live the truth , but men may never have occasion to question that image , and so when they laugh at rape jokes , they 're laughing at an abstraction that 's all too real for many women . Tosh and all those with the privilege to hold a microphone have a responsibility to shine a light on the reality behind the abstraction -- not to perpetuate it , and certainly not to silence those who bear its burden . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julie Burton and Michelle Kinsey Bruns .	Julie Burton , Michelle Kinsey Bruns : Men , women seem to disagree on comic 's rape joke They say many men do n't seem to get the joke reflected extreme end of rape culture They say threat of rape used to define boundaries for women 's behavior ; joke did this , too Men see rape in jokes as an abstraction , but it 's real for women , writers say
CNN  -- Top seed Rafael Nadal and second seed Roger Federer are both through to the quarterfinals of the Qatar Open in Doha after comfortable straight sets victories on Wednesday . French Open champion Nadal took 90 minutes to see off fellow-left-hander Denis Gremelmayr of Germany 6-2 6-2 while Federer 's 6-2 6-3 success over Slovenian Grega Zemlja was achieved in exactly and hour . Nadal told reporters he was happy with the way he played , saying : "  The worst thing I did last year was my return and I was happy with the way my return worked today . "  I also want to have enough shots not to be predictable . I want to attack the ball faster and hit with more power and spin , " he added . Both Nadal and Federer had to contend with a troublesome wind and Federer said : "  I used to be very emotional when I was younger , after growing up in Switzerland where we did n't have wind that much , and where we also played indoors a lot . "  It was difficult learning how to play in the wind -- but I have had a lot of practice playing in windy places and it does n't bother me any more . " Federer next faces eighth-seeded Italian Andreas Seppi , while Nadal will take on Russian Mikhail Youzhny . Also through to the quarterfinals are third seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and fifth seed Viktor Troicki . Top seed Andy Murray is through to the last eight of the Brisbane International event but he had to fight back from the brink of defeat for the second successive match , eventually beating Luxembourg 's Gilles Muller 4-6 7-6 6-0 . The Briton next faces Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis , who dumped out fifth seed Kei Nishikori of Japan 6-3 6-4 .	Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer through to the quarterfinals of Qatar Open Top-seeded Spaniard Nadal defeats Denis Gremelmayr of Germany 6-2 6-2 Second seed Federer eases past Slovenian Grega Zemlja 6-2 6-3 in Doha There are also wins for Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Viktor Troicki on Wednesday
CNN  -- Bayern Munich 's 10-match winning run came to a halt on Saturday with a 0-0 draw at Hoffenheim that saw goalkeeper Manuel Neuer go past 1,000 minutes without conceding a goal . The Germany international , who signed from Schalke in pre-season , kept his 11th consecutive clean sheet as Bayern maintained a three-point lead after eight league rounds . Second-placed Werder Bremen can join the 22-time Bundesliga champions on 19 points with a victory at Hanover on Sunday , but Bayern have a far superior goal difference ahead of the international break . Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes was happy with the result following the midweek Champions League win at home to Manchester City . "  We started well and had the match under control for the first 20 minutes , but Hoffenheim ran hard , showed lots of fighting spirit and seized the initiative , " he said . "  The draw 's the right result , in my opinion . We were magnificent last Tuesday , and we 've expended a lot of physical effort in recent weeks . One or two of my players simply were n't sharp this afternoon , but that 's normal . We gave a battling display , we were very smart , and we 've kept another clean sheet . " Third-placed Borussia Monchengladbach also have 16 points after a 1-0 defeat at lowly Freiburg . Johannes Flum scored the only goal from long range in the 19th minute to lift Freiburg out of the bottom three . Defending champions Borussia Dortmund moved up to fourth , above Stuttgart , Hoffeheim and Bayer Leverkusen on goal difference , after a 4-0 home win that dropped promoted Augsburg to rock bottom . Poland striker Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick and playmaker Mario Gotze added the other as Dortmund bounced back from the midweek Champions League defeat by Marseille . Bayer Leverkusen followed up the midweek European win over Genk with another home victory , beating Wolfsburg 3-1 . Gonzalo Castro opened the scoring in the 14th minute before Mario Mandzukic leveled for the Wolves just before the hour mark . Erin Derdiyok restored Leverkusen 's lead six minutes later and Stefan Kiessling sealed Bayer 's fourth win in the league near the end . Hertha Berlin moved up to mid-table with a 3-0 home win over Cologne as 19-year-old striker Pierre-Michel Lasogga scored twice and Brazilian midfielder Raffael added the third before halftime . Nuremberg and Mainz shared the points in a six-goal thriller that ended with Tomas Pekhart equalizing for the home side with eight minutes to play . Visiting Mainz had trailed to early goals from Markus Feulner and Robert Mak , but led seven minutes after the break through Nico Bungert , Maxim Choupo-Moting and Andreas Ivanschnitz . On Friday , Stuttgart joined Hanover and Schalke on 12 points with a 2-0 win at struggling Kaiserslautern , who dropped into the bottom three after Saturday 's results .	German league leaders Bayern Munich held 0-0 by Hoffenheim on Saturday Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer yet to concede in 11 matches Werder Bremen can join Bayern on 19 points with win at Hanover on Sunday Defending champions Borussia Dortmund up to fourth with victory
CNN  Dropping red meat , and sticking to a plant-based diet that incorporates fish may be the key to preventing colorectal  colon and rectum  cancers , according to a seven-year study published Monday . Pescetarians , as they are commonly referred , had a 43 % lower chance of getting the cancer compared to people with omnivorous diets . Why focus on colorectal cancer ? It is the third most diagnosed cancer , and the third leading cause of cancer-related death in the US in 2014 , according to American Cancer Society statistics . The disease is particularly dangerous because it is usually asymptomatic in its early stages , making it more difficult to detect when it 's less deadly . Only 59 % of those recommended for screenings receive procedures that are in line with the American Cancer Society 's standards . The study , which followed nearly 78,000 people and was published in the Journal of American Medical Association , adds to the growing body of evidence touting the health benefits of a plant-based diet . Another study , reviewing data from 39 separate studies showing that a plant based diet leads to an average drop in blood pressure similar to 30-60 minutes of exercise per day . Yet another study from last year found an average weight loss of nearly 7.5 pounds for vegetarians . While evidence shows the health benefits of reducing red meat consumption , the recent study highlights the differences between even a fully vegetarian diet and a pescetarian diet . Within the sample group there was a 27 % drop in the risk of contracting colorectal cancer if you switch from fully vegetarian to eating fish . The authors of the study suggest that omega-3 fatty acids may be the key to such a low risk of cancer in the pescetarian group . Nutritionist Lisa Drayer agrees . "  In addition to other dietary factors , fish may provide added protection from its high content omega-3 fatty acids . This is consistent with previous research that has found omega-3s have anti-cancer activity and that they may be helpful in the prevention and treatment of colorectal cancer . " Some questions can be raised though , from observing the recent study 's participants Seventh Day Adventists , a group that typically avoids alcohol and tobacco . But despite the caveat , Drayer is optimistic . "  While the study is observational and can not prove a cause/effect relationship , it is exciting to think that in addition to regular screenings , a diet rich in fish and fiber-rich foods may play an important role in reducing the risk of colorectal cancer . "	A new study shows a 43 % lower risk of contracting colorectal cancer with a pesco-vegetarian diet Colorectal cancers are the third most diagnosed cancers in the U.S. Plant-based diets may also contribute to greater weight loss and lower blood pressure
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Even though African-Americans make up only about 13 percent of the United States ' population , they account for almost half of the people who contract HIV and are diagnosed with AIDS . Marvelyn Brown , 24 , is the author of "  The Naked Truth : Young , Beautiful and  HIV  Positive . " Around this year 's Black AIDS Day on February 7 , activists are out trying to educate the public about the disease . Among those speaking out is Marvelyn Brown , 24 , the author of "  The Naked Truth : Young , Beautiful , and  HIV  Positive . " Brown spoke with CNN 's Nicole Lapin about living with disease , defying stereotypes and inspiring others . The following is an edited transcript of the interview . Nicole Lapin : After 30 years -LSB- since HIV was identified -RSB- I 'm curious that the disease really gained a lot of awareness . Do you think people 's perceptions have changed ? Do you think the stereotypes still exist ? Watch Nicole Lapin 's interview with Marvelyn Brown " Marvelyn Brown : See , the thing about HIV is that I think people are aware of it . They 've heard of it , they know of it . They 're just not educated about it . I 've had the opportunity to look at some of the comments that people were making . Just looking at the comments you could see , you could tell that people had a misconception of HIV as a whole . Lapin : What is that ? What 's the misconception ? Brown : That it 's a certain group of people . I know -LSB- February 7 -RSB- is Black AIDS Day , which is perfectly fine because it does affect the black community . But this is a human disease , one that affects us all . When I tell you I was shocked because I contracted a virus that I thought I was immune from , I immediately put it on gay men , IV drug users , prostitutes . I never thought someone like myself , whoever that was , could contract HIV . When I go and I speak , that 's the main thing that I hear . People are constantly telling me I make HIV real to them . Lapin : It speaks to -LSB- a viewer 's -RSB- question , "  What do you think is the most effective way to teach young women about HIV and AIDS ? " Because it seems like they relate to you . They get you . You 're their peer . Brown : That 's the thing . Just simply be open and honest with them . I 've found that more effective , just me telling my story and not holding back . Especially with my autobiography , "  The Naked Truth , " I just opened up . I was so vulnerable and people could relate to that .	Marvelyn Brown , 24 , wrote "  The Naked Truth : Young , Beautiful and  HIV  Positive " The book tells how Brown contracted HIV at age 19 through unprotected sex She uses her story to inspire young people Brown : People "  are just not educated " about HIV
CNN  -- The Massachusetts Division of Marine Fisheries has tagged two great white sharks off Cape Cod in an area where shark sightings have been reported , state officials said Sunday . A great white shark is tagged Saturday off Cape Cod , Massachusetts . Shark sightings closed nearby beaches . The first tagging Saturday marked the first time a great white shark had been successfully tagged in the Atlantic Ocean off the U.S. coast , the division said in a statement . A second shark was tagged Saturday afternoon , officials said . The taggings took place in the waters near Chatham , Massachusetts , two days after Greg Skomal , shark expert for the Division of Marine Fisheries , reported as many as five large sharks were seen near Monomoy Island , a National Wildlife Refuge off the southern elbow of Cape Cod . The island is about a mile away from Chatham 's Lighthouse Beach , a public swimming area . Chatham 's beaches were closed to swimmers after the sightings , Skomal said . CNN affiliate WCVB reported that all of Chatham 's east-facing beaches were closed after three sharks came within 75 yards of the coastline . Watch who is making money from sharks " The beaches will be off-limits to swimmers until the middle of the week , officials told WCVB . After the sightings , Skomal and other biologists set out to identify the species , the division statement said . Skomal identified a great white shark on Friday , and then the two were tagged Saturday . "  The tags , which use satellite-based technology to record where a shark travels , allow scientists to better understand migratory patterns , " the division statement said . Great white sharks are relatively rare in New England , the division statement said , but have been seen feeding near seal colonies . Massachusetts has recorded only four shark attacks since 1670 , two of which were fatal . The last fatal shark attack in Massachusetts happened in 1936 . Researchers have also tagged great white sharks off the coast of South Africa .	Taggings of great whites are the first in the Atlantic Ocean , state officials say Beaches in Chatham , Massachusetts , closed after shark sightings Great white sharks are relatively rare in New England , state officials say Tags will let scientists track the two sharks
CNET  -- A post on the Facebook developer blog announces the big application program interface  API  update from the social network that was first reported on Sunday night , which it 's calling the Open Stream API . The "  Open Stream API " was front-and-center with Facebook 's controversial redesign earlier this year . It 's the first major implementation of an emerging  read : brand new  open standard called Activity Streams , on which Facebook has been collaborating with developers for the past few months . Basically , what it means is that third-party developers will have access to a feed of all content posted to news feeds -- notes , photos , videos , links , "  likes " and comments , and activity from other applications built on the social network 's platform . "  We 've officially moved away from the Web of just blog posts , which a lot of these formats were originally designed for , " said open-source developer and advocate Chris Messina , who has been spearheading the development of Activity Streams for about a year now . "  Over time , what I think will happen is  that  you 'll see something toward the type of cleverness and ingenuity that has surfaced around the Twitter community , but in a way that is even more expressive and rich , " Messina said . "  In the case of Twitter , you 're just talking about status updates ; in the case of Facebook you 're talking about a lot of different activities . " Previously , only status updates -- the most Twitter-like part of Facebook -- were accessible to developers . That 's why this announcement likely makes the biggest difference to the creators of social feed aggregation applications like TweetDeck and Seesmic Desktop . But because Activity Streams is an open standard , other social-networking and media-sharing applications will be able to use it too . This means that there could be , say , an Adobe Air-based desktop application that brings in updates across photo-sharing applications like Facebook , Flickr , and Photobucket . Facebook is also targeting different types of developers -- specifically mobile and desktop -- rather than strictly the Web app developers whose creations made Facebook 's platform such a wild success when it debuted two years ago . "  One of the most important stories to tell here is this is the first time that we 've ever opened the core Facebook product experience , which was previously called the ` feed ' and which we 're now calling the ` stream , ' " Facebook senior platform manager Dave Morin explained to CNET News . "  We 're especially excited to see the types of desktop applications and the types of mobile applications which developer are going to build for the stream . We 've sort of never really allowed this before , so we 're pretty excited to see what developers come up with . " Facebook will be holding an event on Monday afternoon in Palo Alto , California , to introduce developers to the new API . Presenting at the event will be representatives from Adobe , which is building a Facebook application in its Air runtime environment , and Microsoft , which is doing the same in Silverlight ; contact management system Plaxo and third-party app Seesmic Desktop  which already has unveiled its support for the Open Stream  are also presenting . The "  stream " took front-and-center with Facebook 's controversial redesign earlier this year . Inspired by the likes of Twitter , the revamped design marked a shift in strategy for Facebook from static profiles to a real-time flow of information . At the same time , it proved unpopular among some users . But Facebook is n't the only big social-networking player to be implementing Activity Streams . The emerging standard was behind the upgrades to MySpace 's MySpaceID product that the News Corp.-owned service launched in March at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival . "  It was sort of one of the earlier opportunities we had to take a nascent spec and see it all the way through to launch , " MySpaceID product lead Max Engel told CNET News , adding that his team first started working on Activity Streams last September . It 's what powers a new MySpace "  gadget " for Google as well as its feeds ' presence on the upcoming Yahoo homepage redesign . "  It 's getting where we need it to be , which is like e-mail : where you can write a POP client and know  that  it works , " Engel said . "  It 's not even a full standard yet , so it 's sort of exciting to see so many people get behind something so quickly , and it 's definitely indicative of the general momentum of people who are saying we 'd rather work open than work closed . "  2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	A post on the Facebook developer blog announces the Open Stream API Third-party developers will have access to feed of all news feed content Previously , only status updates were accessible to developers Blog : API users will be able to use applications to interact with their stream
RollingStone.com  -- Country fans are dancing on the streets of Chicago ... and crying into their Guinness glasses in Dublin . Garth Brooks confirms new album , world tour The Windy City will be the first stop on Garth Brooks ' world tour  $ " his first in 13 years  $ " as revealed Monday by a fan named Andy Roberts in Atlanta . The facility maintenance company owner announced the news on Twitter after a personal phone call from Brooks with the Chicago revelation . It seems Roberts was in the audience at one of the country superstar 's Las Vegas concerts and asked during a Q-and-A portion of the show where the first tour stop will be . Brooks ' answer was that he 'd be the first to know and could do whatever he wanted with the information . As for the Chicago date and venue , the "  Good Ride Cowboy " will announce that himself on Tuesday . RS : 100 Greatest Country Songs of All Time This news comes on the heels of defeat in Ireland . After a last-ditch effort last week to save his five comeback shows at Dublin 's Croke Park , Brooks found out today that negotiations with the city 's government are officially over . "  The Irish council can not change their earlier ruling to not allow the licenses for all five shows , " he writes in a statement . "  To say I 'm crushed is an understatement . All I see is my mother 's face and I hear her voice . She always said things happen for a reason and for the right reason . As hard as I try , I can not see the light on this one . " RS : Garth Brooks ' five Ireland shows canceled TicketMaster will now provide refunds to 400,000 ticket holders for the concerts , which were set for July 25-29 . While the Dublin City Council would have allowed for three of the five dates to proceed , Brooks likened that decision to choosing between children and said it was "  five shows or none at all . " The best-selling solo artist of all time , Brooks will also make his long-awaited return to the recording studio soon . He promises an album of all-new material to be released around late November . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Chicago will be his first stop Brooks has n't toured in 13 years TicketMaster is providing refunds for his Ireland shows
CNN  -- Keith Richards ejects his TV , Ian Fleming creates James Bond , Castro takes on Cuba -- sometimes a hotel room is more than a place to sleep The best hotel rooms do n't just have history , they have stories . You get a soft bed , an oversized tub and a chance to see through the eyes of some of history 's cultural protagonists . Also on CNNGo : Best city hotel rooms with a view Keith Richards ' TV toss : Andaz West Hollywood You 'd never know from the sleek , modern lines that this was formerly the Continental Hyatt House -- a.k.a Riot House -- so nicknamed for the hair-raising antics of out-of-control rockers . This is where Keith Richards threw a TV off his 11th-floor balcony in 1975 , Jim Morrison hung from a window by his fingertips and Axl Rose tossed steaks to crowds of adoring fans gathered outside on Sunset Strip . One reason the hotel is unrecognizable since its refurb is that the balconies are gone , replaced by glassed-in den areas , lest a new generation of entertainers gets any rowdy ideas . But , touchingly , Hyatt , which still operates the property , has paid tribute to the hotel 's hell-raising heritage in the hotel 's RH  Riot House  restaurant , which still feeds a modern-day rocker or two . Andaz West Hollywood , 8401 Sunset Blvd. , West Hollywood ; sunset-view rooms from US$ 350 Oscar Wilde arrested : The Cadogan , London , England It looks genteel enough for your maiden aunt , but The Cadogan , in the heart of London 's Knightsbridge shopping district , was struck by scandal within a few years of opening in 1887 . Oscar Wilde was arrested in room 118 on April 6 , 1895 for a homosexual act , and subsequently sent to jail . And Edward VII 's mistress , the actress Lillie Langtry , continued to sleep in her old bedroom long after her former home had become part of the hotel . These days , despite being surrounded by foreign brand names like Gucci , Tiffany , Armani and Valentino , The Cadogan feels like a little piece of England forever suspended in the 19th century . The Cadogan , 75 Sloane St. , London , England ; room 118 from US$ 425 Also on CNNGo : World 's tallest hotel reaches for Dubai Castro revolts : Hotel Nacional de Cuba , Havana , Cuba Within barely a quarter-century of opening in 1930 , this hotel had launched a revolution . Fidel Castro set up a cell in the depths of the building , which was the epitome of pre-revolutionary decadence in Cuba , and guests fled from the ballroom in their sequins and tuxedos in 1959 as news spread that his coup had triumphed . It was not the first notorious event the hotel had witnessed ; in 1946 it was occupied by the heads of all the major U.S. mafia families , and it was here that Meyer Lansky is said to have authorized the execution of Bugsy Siegel . The gangsters were followed by the Duke of Windsor , Nelson Rockefeller , Ernest Hemingway and a slew of Hollywood stars lured by the gambling and the showgirls of the hotel 's Cabaret Parisien . Frank Sinatra stayed with Ava Gardner in room 225 , Fred Astaire preferred 228 , Johnny "  Tarzan " Weissmuller 232 and Tennessee Williams 570 . Hotel Nacional , Calle 21 y O , Vedado , Cuba ; rooms from US$ 120 Ian Fleming creates James Bond : GoldenEye , Jamaica Ian Fleming spent nearly 20 winters at this ocean-side retreat , penning several James Bond thrillers . The hideaway played host to glitterati and literati , including Nol Coward  who rented GoldenEye for two months before buying his own home on the island  , Errol Flynn , Lucian Freud , Katharine Hepburn , Evelyn Waugh , Cecil Beaton , John Gielgud and Princess Margaret . In 1956 British Prime Minister Sir Anthony Eden and his wife spent a month at GoldenEye after his health collapsed in the wake of the Suez Crisis . A dozen years after Fleming 's death in August 1964 , entertainment entrepreneur Chris Blackwell purchased the property , drawing a new slew of celebrities . Sting , Bono , Michael Caine , Quincy Jones , Johnny Depp and the Clintons have all planted trees at the resort following a tradition started by Eden . You can sleep in the room where Fleming wove stories around 007 and write at the same desk  turned away from the sea-view to avoid distraction  . GoldenEye , Oracabessa , St. Mary , Jamaica ; the five-bedroom Ian Fleming Villa from US$ 5,425 per night including breakfast Also on CNNGo : 15 unusual places to spend the night Stephen King writes ` The Shining ' : Stanley Hotel , Colorado Movie buffs scared by the opening credits of Stanley Kubrick 's "  The Shining " are likely to get seriously spooked stepping into the actual hotel that inspired Stephen King to write the book . Considered one of the United States ' most haunted hotels , it was built by F. O. Stanley in 1909 on a mountainside in Estes Park , some 2,286 meters above sea level . Many ghostly children have reportedly been heard playing up and down the hall of the 4th floor -- just like those twins in the movie -- while the late Mrs. Stanley 's shade favors the Music Room . Room 401 is said to have been haunted for 80 years by Lord Dunraven , but the spookiest room of all is room 217 , where King himself stayed . Jim Carrey also stayed in 217 during the filming of "  Dumb & Dumber , " but has declined to explain why he felt compelled to check out in the middle of the night . However , visitors will be relieved to know blood has never been seen seeping out of the elevators . So far . The Stanley Hotel , 333 East Wonderview Ave. , Estes Park , Colorado ; rooms in the spooky main house from US$ 135 Mozart composes : Mamaison Pachtuv Palace , Prague , Czech Republic This was the building Mozart called home in 1788 , and it still has its original frescoes and vaulted chapel ceilings . Steps from the city 's iconic Charles Bridge , the hotel 's location ca n't be bettered -- the Old Town , Vltava River quay and winding cobblestone streets of the Mala Strana are all less than 10 minutes away on foot . Mozart dedicated six sonatas to the owner of the property in lieu of rent , but these days cash or credit card are preferred . If you want to sleep where the maestro did , ask for room 218 . Mamaison Pachtuv Palace , Karolny Svtl 34 , Prague , Czech Republic ; rooms from US$ 176 Also on CNNGo : Hotel room of the future John and Yoko bed-in : Fairmont Queen Elizabeth , Montreal , Canada Although a staggering number of the world 's royals -- including the eponymous monarch for whom it 's named -- have stayed here , this hotel is best known as the place where John Lennon and Yoko Ono staged a week-long bed-in . You can still book suite 1742 where they wrote and recorded "  Give Peace A Chance " in 1969 , the same year Neil Armstrong became the first man to walk on the moon . He and fellow astronauts Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins also stayed in the Queen Elizabeth . Montreal sees more than its fair share of diplomats and heads of state , and Nelson Mandela , Henry Kissinger , Boris Yeltsin , Yitzhak Rabin , George W. Bush and the Dalai Lama also spent time here . Numerous celebs have followed in their wake . Fairmont Queen Elizabeth , 900 Rene Levesque Blvd. . West , Montreal , Canada ; John and Yoko Suite US$ 768 per night , including breakfast and a copy of "  Give Peace A Chance " James II 's overthrow is plotted : The Olde Bell , Berkshire , England For a small country inn -- dating back to 1135 -- The Olde Bell has seen an awful lot of intrigue . It was the scene of a plot to overthrow King James II during the 17th century by one Lord Lovelace of Hurley , and you can still see the door to a secret tunnel that ran between the inn 's bar and Lovelace 's mansion . Lovelace 's "  Glorious Revolution " drove James II into exile and placed his son-in-law William of Orange on the throne . Plot-hatching continued during World War II , when Winston Churchill met Eisenhower here . Because of its proximity to Pinewood , movie stars have been staying here for nearly a century while filming . Mae West and Greta Garbo were followed by Cary Grant and Errol Flynn , and the place was a particular favorite of Liz Taylor and Richard Burton . The Olde Bell , High Street , Hurley , Berkshire , England ; Rooms from US$ 215 Also on CNNGo : 10 gyms with the most amazing views Hollywood lives and dies : Beverly Hills Hotel , California This pink-and-green palace is celebrating its centenary , although you 'd never guess it was a day over 70 . Various facelifts mean the wallpaper , gloriously hand-painted with tropical foliage , makes the room corridors a delight , but it 's the 12 bungalows that have seen all the Hollywood action . Marilyn Monroe slept in both No. 1 and No. 7  her favorite  , Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor spatted in No. 5 -- where they also had a standing order for vodka to be delivered with breakfast -- while yet another was used by Warren Beatty to pursue his many romances . Stars still occasionally frequent the pool where Raquel Welch was discovered , while agents pack out the Polo Lounge , where Marlene Dietrich once scandalized the maitre d' by entering in trousers . Peter Finch dropped dead right outside the lounge entrance on January 14 , 1977 . Beverly Hills Hotel , 9641 Sunset Boulevard , Beverly Hills , United States ; Bungalows from US$ 13,000 British rule ends in Palestine : King David Hotel , Jerusalem This hotel has played host to many monarchs and heads of state , and was at the heart of the action during the forging of the state of Israel . The British Army leased the top floor as an emergency HQ when the Arab revolt broke out in 1936 , and a decade later was battling Israeli guerillas , who planted a bomb in the basement , causing 91 deaths . On May 14 , 1948 the Union Flag was lowered , and with independence the hotel regained its place as the city 's hotel of choice for visiting heads of state and celebrities . La Regence , site of the 1946 bombing , is one of Jerusalem 's best restaurants , and the huge breakfast room , where hundreds of oranges are hand-squeezed on the spot every morning , is a triumph of art deco architectural splendor . King David Hotel , David HaMelech 23 , Jerusalem ; Rooms from US$ 490 Also on CNNGo : World 's most expensive hotel suites  2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	The Stanley in Colorado inspired Stephen King to write "  The Shining " Author Ian Fleming penned several James Bond thrillers at GoldenEye in Jamaica John and Yoko made the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth famous with their 1969 bed-in
CNN  -- Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs threatened to hit Palm with patent litigation if the company did not stop poaching valuable employees , according to a newly unsealed court filing  hat tip to Reuters  . The document surfaced as part of a lawsuit between former employees of companies like Apple , Google , and Intel over the companies ' no-poaching agreements ; US District Judge Lucy Koh denied parts of a request to keep some documents sealed , revealing Jobs ' comments to Palm CEO Edward Colligan . According to the document , which was filed late Tuesday , both Apple and Palm hired one another 's employees during Colligan 's tenure between 2003 and 2009 . Colligan claims Jobs called him in August of 2007 -- roughly two months after the public launch of the iPhone -- to propose "  an agreement " wherein Palm and Apple would not hire employees away from each other . Colligan 's statement notes that the agreement contained a pretty strong "  or else " clause : "  Mr. Jobs also suggested that if Palm did not agree to such an arrangement , Palm could face lawsuits alleging infringement of Apple 's many patents . " Steve Jobs ' yacht impounded over pay dispute Colligan sent an e-mail response to Jobs expressing his concern over the discussion . "  Your proposal that we agree that neither company will hire the other 's employees , regardless of the individual 's desires , is not only wrong , it is likely illegal , " Colligan wrote to Jobs on August 24 , 2007 . Colligan went on to point out that Palm recruits employees based on talent , not because Palm wants to hurt other companies . "  Threatening Palm with a patent lawsuit in response to a decision by one employee to leave Apple is just out of line . A lawsuit would not serve either of our interests and will not stop employees from migrating between our companies . -LSB- ... -RSB- We will both just end up paying a lot of lawyers a lot of money . " Jobs replied a few hours later with a much shorter message . "  This is not satisfactory to Apple , " Jobs wrote . "  I 'm sure you realize the asymmetry in the financial resources of our respective companies when you say : ` We will both just end up paying a lot of lawyers a lot of money . ' " Photo : Ashton Kutcher as Steve Jobs in ` jOBS ' Jobs ended his letter by suggesting Colligan "  take a look at our patent portfolio before you make a final decision here . " As noted by MacRumors , Walter Isaacson 's 2011 biography of Steve Jobs made reference to Jobs ' anger at Palm over the hiring of Apple employees , but did not discuss Jobs ' threat of patent litigation . Other companies involved in the lawsuit -- including Apple , Adobe , Google , Intel , Intuit , and Pixar -- had indeed begun to agree not to cold call each other 's employees at that time . The US Department of Justice filed an antitrust lawsuit against the companies and forced them to dissolve the agreements in 2010 , but the current lawsuit is a civil complaint filed by five former employees . Current Apple CEO Tim Cook has been ordered by Judge Koh to give a deposition about Apple 's role in the alleged collusion , although Apple argues that only Jobs was involved in the discussion and that Cook had no knowledge of the agreements . 10 things Steve Jobs taught us COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Steve Jobs threatened to sue Palm over "  poaching " employees , documents say Former Apple CEO proposed agreement not to hire each others employees Palm CEO called such a deal "  wrong " and "  likely illegal " Biograpjy had mentioned Jobs ' anger at Palm , but not lawsuit threats
CNN  -- What happened in Cairo today sends a chilling message to any journalist covering Egypt : If you speak to a group whose message the government wants suppressed , you can be prosecuted and jailed for it . In other words , you can be imprisoned for doing your job . The lengthy sentences against three Al Jazeera journalists -- Peter Greste , Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed -- convicted of aiding terrorists and spreading false information have shocked and angered many around the world . And inside the Cairo courtroom , those closest to the accused were left reeling . "  Well , to be perfectly honest , my mind was blank . There was total disbelief , " Peter Greste 's brother Mike told me . "  I ca n't comprehend the decision made by the court today . " Mike Greste said the convicted trio were lead out of their cage shortly after the sentences were handed down . With no way to speak to his brother , he says he put his hand on his heart and raised a fist into the air to give Peter some encouragement . Condemnation of the court 's ruling was swift . A Human Rights Watch researcher , Heba Morayef , tweeted that even deposed president Hosni Mubarak would never have jailed prominent journalists in this way : It now appears as though no amount of political pressure or public outrage has swayed authorities in Egypt who -- after ousting President Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood last year -- have made it clear they will not tolerate dissenting voices . There is of course the fact that the three work for Al Jazeera , which is funded by the Qatari government and seen as supportive of the Muslim Brotherhood . Some have said the journalists are being used as pawns in a political rivalry between Egypt 's new rulers and Qatar . The network issued a statement shortly after the ruling , saying the verdict "  defies logic , sense , and any semblance of justice . " The prosecution case against Greste , Fahmy and Mohamed included material from a story that was filmed when none of the defendants were even in the country . On another day , footage of a trotting horse was used by the prosecution . On yet another , music by Australian singer Gotye was introduced into evidence . All this would be genuinely hilarious if it had n't ended in the sentences read out today by the judge . Verdicts that mean the three journalists were led back into custody once again as prisoners in the new Egypt . As for what the future may hold , Mike Greste told me his brother will appeal the sentence . "  We have to maintain support for Peter and continue to fight for his innocence . " As for us journalists , should we be concerned that if we do our duty -- in other words if we speak to all sides when reporting from Egypt -- we too will be tried , convicted and jailed for a crime we did not commit ? Jailed Al Jazeera journalists convicted in Egypt Journalists show dismay for convictions	3 Al Jazeera journalists found guilty of aiding Muslim Brotherhood , face 7 years in jail Peter Greste , Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed , imprisoned in Cairo since December CNN 's Hala Gorani says case sends chilling message to journalists around world Greste 's brother Mike tells Gorani his supporters can not comprehend court 's decision
CNN  An English soccer club has abandoned an attempt to sign a convicted rapist after death threats were made to its staff amid an atmosphere of "  unbearable pressure . " After days of speculation , Oldham Athletic confirmed Thursday it would n't be handing a deal to Ched Evans , who was released from prison in October after serving half of a five-year sentence for raping a 19-year-old girl . The third-tier outfit said "  vile and abusive threats " as well as "  significant financial pressure " placed on the club from sponsors had prompted it to backtrack on the deal . Oldham 's owner , Simon Corney , had previously said there was 80 % chance it would hire Evans as it appeared undeterred by condemnation from fans , politicians and the police . Evans -- who insists he is innocent and is appealing against his conviction -- released his own statement Thursday , apologizing "  for the effects that night in Rhyl has had on many people , not least the woman concerned . " And after Oldham 's snub there are serious question marks as to whether any club will offer him a route back into the game . "  The whole issue has divided opinion and the club has been put under unbearable pressure as a result , " read a statement on Oldham 's official website . "  Proceeding could have placed significant financial pressure on the club and continued to be a divisive influence . As a consequence the deal could not go ahead . "  As a club we condemn all crime including rape and irrespective of any appeal procedure it was always the case that we were prepared to withstand the barrage of abuse that is evident within the country and on social media . "  We deplore and condemn the vile and abusive threats , some including death threats , which have been made to our fans , sponsors and staff whilst this process has been in the public domain . " Despite Oldham 's claims , Greater Manchester Police said nothing more than "  low level abuse " had been reported to them when contacted by CNN . Oldham 's climbdown represents the latest setback for Evans , who has been trying to resurrect his career since leaving jail in October . Evans started out at current English Premier League champion Manchester City , before joining Sheffield United in 2009 . Upon his release from prison , the club 's plan to allow Evans to train with them provoked a public backlash , with 160,000 people signing a petition against the move . A proposed deal with Hartlepool was also dropped following a similar outcry , the town 's Labour MP calling Evans a "  pariah . " And when a potential move to Maltese club Hibernians was mooted , the UK government 's Ministry of Justice said its conditions for monitoring sex offenders effectively ruled out working abroad . Prior to confirmation the deal was off Evans released his own statement through the Professional Footballers Association , in which he apologized for the effect the case has had on his victim 's life . "  Upon legal advice I was told not to discuss the events in question , " he said . "  This silence has been misinterpreted as arrogance and I would like to state that this could not be further from the truth . "  I do remain limited at present by what I can say due to the ongoing referral to the Criminal Cases Review Commission , and whilst I continue to maintain my innocence I wish to make it clear that I wholeheartedly apologize for the effects that night in Rhyl has had on many people , not least the woman concerned . "  Finally it has been claimed that those using social media in an abusive and vindictive way towards this woman are supporters of mine . I wish to make it clear that these people are not my supporters and I condemn their actions entirely and will continue to do so . " As an online petition protesting against Oldham acquiring Evans ' signature joining nudged past 70,000 signatures , the town 's council leader said the saga had created a culture of "  intimidation , abuse and harassment . " "  The whole episode has divided the town and public opinion and there are no winners in all this -- not least of all the reputation of our club and town , " Jim McMahon said . "  In recent days we 've seen an horrendous ` trial by social media ' with intimidation , abuse and harassment on a scale that has cast a terrible shadow . "  I am urging people on all sides of this debate to please now take stock , show some restraint and calm . " "  I 've always believed in rehabilitation but felt that both club and player should have allowed Mr Evans ' appeal to run its course before agreeing a contract , " McMahon added . "  As it stands Mr Evans has been found guilty in a court of law and has not yet completed his sentence . However , I take no pleasure in this outcome . " The case has reached the highest level of British politics , with Prime Minister David Cameron repeatedly asked to comment on Evans ' potential return to football . He said he "  understood " the view of Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill after she told Sheffield United she wanted her name removed from one of the stands at its stadium should Evans play for it again . And Cameron waded into the controversy again on Thursday when he told LBC : "  My view is it is not for politicians to pick football teams , it should be for football clubs to pick their teams . "  But as they do that , they have to recognize that football players are role models for young people and they have to think about what will the impact be on the club , what will the impact be on young people . "  As for people who are in this position , surely the position is to recognize when you have done something wrong and you have been punished , rightly punished , you 've got to work your way back . "  That might mean doing more voluntary work , putting more back in , in order to demonstrate to the public , the football-loving country we are , that you are really sorry about what happened and you want to atone for what you have done . "	Oldham Athletic confirms deal to sign Ched Evans is off Evans released from prison in October after serving rape sentence Club say death threats have been made to staff and sponsors Player maintains his innocence and wants to clear his name
CNN  -- The dog photos are difficult to view . Of course . They show man 's best friend being stuffed into wire cages and trucked , illegally , across borders in Southeast Asia . The destination : restaurants in Vietnam . That thought alone -- that someone would sit in a public restaurant and order dog from a menu -- is likely enough to get most "  dog people " to stop reading this column , much less look at the photo essay featured this week by CNN 's photo blog . Here in the Untied States , we will spend $ 58.5 billion on pets this year , according to one industry projection . We pamper dogs with Christmas presents ; send them to "  doggie daycare " ; bring them on planes  more than 2 million pets and animals fly per year  ; and trot them around show rings , judging the perfection of their pedigree . Eat them ? Unthinkable . Repulsive . Cruel . We do n't even consider it . The images featured on the CNN Photo Blog take viewers inside Southeast Asia 's illegal dog-meat trade . Shot by Luke Duggleby , who traveled to Thailand , Laos and Vietnam for the story , they 're well worth your attention . He documents a trade that is estimated to include hundreds of thousands of dogs per year . The 36-year-old was born in the U.K. and has been living in Thailand for eight years . He told me in an e-mail interview that he considers himself a "  dog person " -- "  I got an English sheepdog for my fourth birthday and called him Tom " -- and that made it difficult to see the gruesome realities of this trade , which is illegal in Thailand because the exporters are n't paying taxes or getting the dogs vaccinated . "  The dogs are illegally smuggled out of Thailand -- that is the illegal part , " he said . "  They pay no tax or duty . The dogs are n't vaccinated nor do they undergo quarantine . But once they get to Laos they are legally allowed to travel ... on the way to Vietnam , as the officials are n't interested in it . And once in Vietnam no part of it is illegal . " In a slaughterhouse , "  the dogs were beaten to death in front of me , " he said . I fear you 'll see Duggleby 's photos and think only one thing : How awful that people in Vietnam would eat these loveable , intelligent animals . You 'll do what I did , which is to imagine your dog , or your childhood dog , in one of these cages . You wo n't think about the bigger picture . Which is this : The cruelty of this trade -- the fact that dogs are smashed into cages ; suffocated ; "  skinned alive , strung up and beaten , " according to a CNN report -- is what should shock and sadden you . The fact that people are eating dog meat ? That should n't . Unless you 're vegetarian or vegan -- I 'm not , by the way , although I do try to eat relatively little meat -- you do n't have any moral high ground to stand on . Here in the United States , a place with an unhealthy and ridiculously hipster bacon obsession  witness : bacon donuts , bacon pie , bacon in bloody marys  , eating dog could be seen as a reasonable alternative to pig , which is another highly intelligent animal , capable of being a companion to the likes of George Clooney . The United States euthanizes 1.2 million dogs per year , according to the ASPCA . Would eating them be so different ? It actually could be seen as helpful . " -LSB- U -RSB- nlike all farmed meat , which requires the creation and maintenance of animals , dogs are practically begging to be eaten , " Jonathan Safran Foer , a vegetarian and novelist , writes in the book "  Eating Animals . " Euthanizing pets , he says , "  amounts to millions of pounds of meat now being thrown away every year . The simple disposal of these euthanized dogs is an enormous ecological and economic problem . It would be demented to yank pets from homes . But eating those strays , those runaways , those not-quite-cute-enough-to-take and not-quite-well-behaved-enough-to-keep dogs would be killing a flock of birds with one stone and eating it , too . " But wait : Dogs are companions , right ? Pigs  mostly  are not . True , in America . In parts of Vietnam , not so much . In India , remember , cows are sacred . And eating pig is off limits for many Muslim and Jewish people . Plus , there 's an inherent danger in thinking that "  the value of an animal depends on how you treat it , " writes Slate 's William Saletan . "  If you befriend it , it 's a friend . If you raise it for food , it 's food , " he says in a 2002 essay , hilariously titled "  Wok the Dog . " "  This relativism is more dangerous than the absolutism of vegetarians or even of thoughtful carnivores . You can abstain from meat because you believe that the mental capacity of animals is too close to that of humans . You can eat meat because you believe that it is n't . Either way , you 're using a fixed standard . But if you refuse to eat only the meat of ` companion ' animals -- chewing bacon , for example , while telling Koreans that they ca n't stew Dalmatians -- you 're saying that the morality of killing depends on habit or even whim . " Maybe the logic of that makes sense but the thought of eating dog still does n't sit well . That 's the case for me . I went to Vietnam earlier this year to report a story on the illegal trade in pangolin , which is a scale-covered mammal few people care about  except me and maybe this guy  in the way they care about dogs . I saw dog restaurants in Hanoi . Easily could have gone to one . I did n't . And that says less about the dog-eating that 's going on in Hanoi than my own conflicted eating habits . Clearly , the illegal dog trade needs to be cleaned up . But so does our thinking about what we eat and when and why . If we 're appalled by the dog trade in Southeast Asia , we should be similarly appalled by some of the conditions that exist in factory animal farms in the United States -- including the use of "  gestation crates " to confine mother pigs , a practice activist Temple Grandin has criticized , saying it 's like "  asking a sow to live in an airline seat . " If we think dog should n't be eaten -- like , ever , regardless of how clean the trade is and how quick the kill -- then maybe we should think about the other animals we eat , and if and why we do n't feel the same way about them . Is it because we spend so much time with dogs -- looking into their eyes , talking to them , walking them , picking up their crap -- that we understand that they are living , breathing , feeling beings ? Would we feel that way about other animals if we could hang out more ? Or would the beak-y , frowny face of the chicken still stop us short of empathy ? For his part , Duggleby , the photographer who shot the dog story , told me he was offered dog meat on the assignment but could n't eat it . "  When I was photographing inside a dog meat restaurant -- claiming to be a chef studying Vietnamese food -- I was offered to try it , " he said . "  It probably looked very odd for a ` chef ' to say no but I turned it down . I just could n't bring myself to try it . " I likely would have done the same thing . Exactly why ? That 's a harder question . And it 's the one all of us should further examine .	CNN 's photo blog features an essay on the illegal dog-meat trade in Southeast Asia John Sutter : The graphic details of the photos , and the trade , are shocking and sad But , he writes , the fact that people eat dog should not seem repugnant He says it 's the equivalent of eating pig , which is another intelligent creature
CNN  After weeks of controversy and the sudden departures of two co-hosts , "  Fashion Police " is going on an extended break . The fashion commentary show on E! channel announced Tuesday that it will be on hiatus until September . "  We look forward to taking this opportunity to refresh the show before the next awards season , " it said in a statement . The announcement caps a rocky few months . Last week , co-host Kathy Griffin bid the show bye-bye after seven episodes , saying her style did not blend in with her co-hosts . She made a dig at the show on her way out . "  There is plenty to make fun of in pop culture without bringing people 's bodies into it , " she said in a statement . "  I do not want to use my comedy to contribute to a culture of unattainable perfectionism and intolerance towards difference . " Shortly before her departure , co-host Giuliana Rancic faced backlash last month for suggesting that Disney star Zendaya Coleman 's dreadlocks smelled of marijuana . Rancic later issued an on-air apology to the 18-year-old after social media jumped to the teen 's defense . But her apology was not enough for co-host Kelly Osbourne , who criticized her remarks and quit a few days later . Rancic and fellow co-host Brad Goreski will return in September , along with executive producer Melissa Rivers .	Fashion commentary show will be on hiatus until September Co-hosts Giuliana Rancic and Brad Goreski will return in September
CNN  -- From scavenging for food through garbage and sleeping in the streets , to becoming an international fashion model and a Hollywood A-lister , Djimon Hounsou 's journey to stardom has been an astonishing one . The Benin-born actor , one of the most prominent film stars to come out of Africa , has appeared in blockbusters such as "  Gladiator , " "  Amistad " and "  Blood Diamond , " and has worked with Hollywood royalty like Steven Spielberg and Leonardo DiCaprio . His role in the film "  In America " made him the first black African man to be nominated for an Oscar , while his performance in "  Blood Diamond " earned him a second nomination . See also : The best of African film It 's a long way from where the soft-spoken actor imagined he would be while growing up under difficult conditions in the West African country of Benin . "  I was just a very torn child , very wounded in so many areas , with no family support , " recalls Hounsou , who grew up without his parents , who had moved to Ivory Coast . "  I happened to the be the fifth child of my family , " he explains , "  so everybody was already grown and had left home already . " For Hounsou , who finally met his father for the first time around the age of 10 , this was a "  very lonely " period of his life . "  The dream was to escape that surrounding , " he says . At the age of 13 he left Benin to move to Paris with his older brother -- but the hardship continued . "  The rocky time came right after I left school , " remembers the acclaimed actor . "  I spent a lot of time at night navigating the streets of Paris trying to find something to eat , " he says . "  I was not anymore legal because I 'm no more a student and I could not work . So I was left out on the street , I could n't walk around too much because obviously if you get caught , noticed or get stopped by the police you 're deported immediately . " Hounsou 's good looks , however , did get noticed by a Paris photographer , who invited him to audition as a fashion model . There , Hounsou met famous French designer Thierry Mugler and soon established himself as a successful high-fashion model . The collaboration with Mugler also took Hounsou to the United States for the first time , where he quickly started working toward realizing his dream of becoming an actor . See also : The evolution of African cinema He made his foray into the industry by appearing in music videos and went on to feature in Roland Emmerich 's 1994 film "  Stargate . " But the break-out moment in Hounsou 's acting career came three years later with Steven Spielberg 's "  Amistad , " where he appeared alongside Hollywood legends Anthony Hopkins and Morgan Freeman . "  It was one of the most powerful stories about Africans that define African Americans ' legacy and that a lot of people were shy about wanting to hear , wanting to see , " says Hounsou of the film . Another defining moment for Hounsou was his performance in 2006 's "  Blood Diamond , " where he won rave reviews for portraying a fisherman forced to work in a diamond mine after being captured by rebels . The film was set in Sierra Leone in the 1990s -- a time of civil war and a period when more than 4 % of all African diamonds were sold on the black market . "  My passion is more about bringing the stories out from the African continent mixed with the West , " says Hounsou . Hounsou , who is married to former fashion model Kimora Lee Simmons , is also an outspoken activist and a prominent campaigner in the fight against climate change . His desire to make a difference has seen him working with charities such as Oxfam and SOS , while in 2009 he spoke at the United Nations ' Summit on Climate Change in New York -- a far cry from his early days as a lonely child in Benin . But despite all he 's achieved so far , Hounsou says his remarkable life journey is just starting . He says : "  It was a great journey , but I strongly feel like I 'm still at the beginning of that journey " .	Djimon Hounsou is a critically acclaimed film star from Benin , West Africa He first captured the world 's attention with his performance in 1997 's ` Amistad ' Before becoming an actor , Hounsou was a successful model in Paris Hounsou is also an outspoken campaigner in the fight against climate change
CNN  -- It did not take long for Sergiy Stakhovsky to be handed a sober dose of reality after his upset defeat of seven-time champion Roger Federer , the Ukrainian outsider exiting in the next round at Wimbledon Friday . Stakhovsky caused one of the biggest shocks in the history of the tournament on Centre Court on a crazy Wednesday at SW19 , but was banished to Court Three for his match against experienced Austrian Jurgen Melzer . Lacking the inspiration he showed against third seed Federer , and hampered by a fall that led to the 27-year-old having his ankle strapped , Stakhovsky went down 6-2 2-6 7-5 6-3 . It left Melzer as the first man into the last 16 , where he will play promising young Pole and 24th seed Jerzy Janowicz . He beat the higher ranked and 15th seed Nicolas Almagro , 7-6 6-3 6-4 , to reach the fourth round for the second straight year at Wimbledon . Stakhovsky joins the tournament 's other great giantkiller , Belgian Steve Darcis , in being unable to capitalize on a famous victory . Darcis , who stunned Rafael Nadal on the opening Monday , scratched before his second round match as he joined the long list of injury casualties which has marked this year 's grass court grand slam . Stakhovsky was preceded on Court Three by Bulgarian 29th seed Grigor Dimitrov , the boyfriend of Maria Sharapova . The Russian superstar , herself a victim of an unseeded player two days ago , watched as Dimitrov slipped to a five-set defeat , 3-6 7-6 3-6 6-4 11-9 , to Slovenia 's Grega Zemlja , in a match carried over from the previous night . Steady drizzle made for tricky conditions for the players on the outside courts . Dubbed the "  Baby Federer " , the 22-year-old Dimitrov often showed his displeasure at the surface as he joined the Swiss maestro on the sidelines . There were no such problems for Spanish fourth seed David Ferrer as he completed his second round match against compatriot Roberto Bautista Agut , but was taken to four sets . Home hopes in the women 's singles were boosted by Laura Robson as she breezed into the third round with a 6-4 6-1 defeat of Mariana Duque-Marino of Colombia . And the Wimbledon crowd were given the perfect end to the day 's play as second seed Andy Murray cruised past Spain 's Tommy Robredo , winning 6-2 6-4 7-5 in two hours under the roof of the famous Centre Court .	Sergei Stakhovsky exits Wimbledon at third round stage Ukrainian had upset defending champion Roger Federer 29th seed Grigor Dimitrov exits to Slovenian Grega Zemlja Home favorite Andy Murray cruises into second week
CNN  -- A Republican senator pleaded guilty earlier this month to a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge stemming from his arrest at the Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport , according to state criminal records . Republican Sen. Larry Craig of Idaho was arrested in June at Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport . Roll Call newspaper reported Monday that Sen. Larry Craig of Idaho was apprehended June 11 by a plainclothes police officer investigating complaints of lewd behavior in an airport men 's room . Roll Call reports on the U.S. legislature . Craig denied any inappropriate conduct in a prepared statement , and said he now regrets his guilty plea . "  At the time of this incident , I complained to the police that they were misconstruing my actions . I was not involved in any inappropriate conduct , " he said . "  I should have had the advice of counsel in resolving this matter . In hindsight , I should not have pled guilty . I was trying to handle this matter myself quickly and expeditiously . " Congress is currently in recess , and Craig 's office said he was on vacation in Idaho with his family , with no public appearances scheduled . Craig , 62 , paid a $ 500 fine when he entered his guilty plea on August 8 in Hennepin County Municipal Court in Bloomington , Minnesota , according to state criminal records . CNN confirmed that Craig was sentenced to 10 days in jail but that sentence was stayed . Minnesota law defines disorderly conduct as brawling , disturbing a meeting or engaging in "  offensive , obscene , abusive , boisterous or noisy conduct . " According to Roll Call , the arresting officer alleged that Craig lingered outside a rest room stall where the officer was sitting , then entered the stall next door and blocked the door with his luggage . According to the arrest report cited by Roll Call , Craig tapped his right foot , which the officer said he recognized "  as a signal used by persons wishing to engage in lewd conduct . " The report alleges Craig then touched the officer 's foot with his foot and the senator "  proceeded to swipe his hand under the stall divider several times , " according to Roll Call . At that point , the officer said he put his police identification down by the floor so Craig could see it and informed the senator that he was under arrest , before any sexual contact took place . Idaho 's senior senator is married with three grown children and nine grandchildren . A former rancher , Craig was first elected to the Senate in 1990 , after serving a decade in the House . His seat is up for re-election in 2008 . Last fall , Craig 's office publicly denied assertions by Internet blogger Mike Rogers that the senator is gay . Craig 's office dismissed speculation about the senator 's sexuality as "  completely ridiculous . " In 1982 , Craig denied rumors that he was under investigation as part of a federal probe into allegations that lawmakers on Capitol Hill had sexual relationships with congressional pages , saying the "  false allegations " made him "  mad as hell . " He was never implicated in that investigation , which eventually led to ethics charges against two other congressmen . In recent years , Craig 's voting record has earned him top ratings from social conservative groups such as the American Family Association , Concerned Women for America and the Family Research Council . He has supported a federal constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage , telling his colleagues that it was "  important for us to stand up now and protect traditional marriage , which is under attack by a few unelected judges and litigious activists . " In 1996 , Craig also voted in favor of the Defense of Marriage Act , which denies federal recognition to same-sex marriages and prevents states from being forced to recognize the marriages of gay and lesbian couples legally performed in other states . Craig has also opposed expanding the federal hate crimes law to cover offenses motivated by anti-gay bias and , in 1996 , voted against a bill that would have outlawed employment discrimination based on sexual orientation , which failed by a single vote in the Senate . Craig has endorsed former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney in the 2008 presidential race . The senator was named in February , along with Sen. Robert Bennett of Utah , as Romney 's liaison to build support among GOP senators . Monday night , Romney 's presidential campaign announced Craig was stepping down . "  He did n't want to be a distraction , and we accept his decision , " the Romney campaign said in a statement . Access to a YouTube video in which Craig praised Romney was also blocked . E-mail to a friend	Republican Larry Craig was arrested at Minneapolis airport in June Arrest document reportedly alleges Craig signaled desire for "  lewd conduct " Craig denied any inappropriate conduct in a written statement Craig said he regrets pleading guilty to the misdemeanor
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- The five remaining defendants in the racially charged "  Jena Six " case will appear in court Friday and are expected to enter a plea , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office said . Protesters converged on the small Louisiana town in September 2007 after the "  Jena 6 " were charged . Bill Furlow , spokesman for LaSalle Parish District Attorney Reed Walters , declined to say whether the defendants will plead guilty . "  It 's not a done deal until it 's a done deal , " he said . In December 2006 , six African-American teenagers were charged with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy in the beating of a white classmate . The incident followed months of racial tension in the community of about 3,000 people . Jena , Louisiana , is about 140 miles southeast of Shreveport in the north-central part of the state . The case drew national attention from civil rights groups , who argued that the charges were excessive . An estimated 15,000-plus demonstrators turned out for a rally on behalf of the teens : Carwin Jones , Jesse Ray Beard , Robert Bailey Jr. , Bryant Purvis , Theo Shaw and Mychal Bell . The charges were eventually reduced . Bell pleaded guilty to battery in a juvenile court and moved to Monroe , Louisiana . In January , Bell said he had attempted suicide the month before by shooting himself in the chest but was recovering . Friday 's hearing is set for 1:30 p.m.	"  It 's not a done deal until it 's a done deal , " spokesman says 6 teens charged in December 2006 with beating a white classmate Incident followed months of racial tension in town of about 3,000 people One of the the "  Jena 6 " pleaded guilty to battery in juvenile court this year
CNN  -- Muslims in Switzerland are responding with shock and outrage after a pig carcass and severed swine heads were discovered buried at the site of a proposed mosque . Police in the town of Grenchen uncovered the pigs Friday after they received an anonymous message claiming that someone had buried the body parts and spilled 120 liters of blood from the animals in an effort to desecrate the ground to halt the construction of the mosque . Pork and pork byproducts are haram , or forbidden , in Islam . The unsigned flier , written in German , says "  This operation was done  conducted  to protest against the growing expansion of Islam in Switzerland , " and says that a similar desecration in Spain earlier halted another mosque construction project . Thomas Suber , chief of the Solothurn Canton police , told CNN by phone that there were no suspects currently , but that a full investigation is under way . "  We ca n't say yet it is a hate crime in those words , but it could have been done to stop the mosque , " said Suber . Suber said that whoever is responsible may be brought up on environmental pollution charges . The police chief says that veterinary health officials have been called in to find if pig 's blood has in fact been spilled , and that charges may be filed over illegal dumping of animal parts in addition to other potential criminal charges . But for Muslims in Switzerland , it 's just the latest sign that they are being victimized by some in the far right . Abdel Azziz Qaasim Illi , spokesman for Switzerland 's Central Islamic Council said the deed "  crossed a line " that had already been pushed against Muslims since a popular referendum in 2009 banned the construction of new minarets . "  Since the ban on minarets there 's been an increase in Islamophobia and Islamophobic events , so it was not really surprising " said Illi . "  But it is an escalation in Switzerland because this is a peaceful country where Christians and Muslims have all been living together ... and we are a bit afraid this may increase . " There are an estimated 500,000 Muslims in Switzerland , out of a population of more than 7 million says Illi , who admitted that the population is rising but that most Swiss Muslims were immigrants from Albania and elsewhere in the Balkans , where there is a tradition of moderate Islam . The property had been purchased by the local Muslim community several years ago from a Swiss far right political activist . The man claimed that he had not been informed that it would be used for a mosque and had fought the sale in court , before ultimately losing his civil case recently allowing construction to go forward . "  We can just wait for the next rain or snowfall to cleanse the ground , so we do not fear from this side anything , " said Illi . "  But on the other hand it 's an emotional thing , it means that there are actually people in this society who deny the right of Muslims when it comes to a mosque in Switzerland and this is something that hurts us . "	Police in the town of Grenchen uncovered the pigs Friday "  We ca n't say yet it is a hate crime in those words , " police chief says An unsigned flier said the act was a "  protest against the growing expansion of Islam in Switzerland " "  It is an escalation " in Switzerland , "  where Christians and Muslims have all been living together , " imam says
CNN  -- In the movie "  Into the Wild , " a young man rejects society and disappears . Now , Johnathan Croom 's father fears his teenage son has done the same thing . David Croom of Apache Junction , Arizona , has n't seen his 18-year-old son in more than a week . And he 's worried . Johnathan 's green Honda CRV was found abandoned on a lonely road in the quiet country town of Riddle , Oregon , on Wednesday , two days after he was supposed to start college at Mesa Community College . He was last seen at a friend 's home in Seattle , where he 'd been visiting . His father assumed he was driving back to Arizona through Washington and Oregon . "  He 's never been in the wild before , " David Croom said . But he says his son has been reading Jon Krakauer 's 1996 nonfiction book and watching the movie adaptation . Krakauer 's account of the life of Chris McCandless has taken on an almost cult status among countless free spirits who dream of shedding the trappings of modern life and living off the land . "  There were similarities , " Croom said of his son 's disappearance . McCandless "  left all his stuff in the car and took off . The problem with that movie is , he does n't make it . It 's a fatal end to the story . " In the book , McCandless cut off communication with his parents and traveled to Alaska , where he lived in a school bus before dying of starvation . Like McCandless , Johnathan Croom is apparently traveling with very few belongings : perhaps a small backpack and his phone , his father says . Left behind in the Honda was the teen 's ID card , plus a sweatshirt , blanket and jug of water -- things someone might need to survive in the wilderness . "  It 's not against the law for an adult man to decide he wants to get lost or take off , " said Dwes Hutson , public information officer for the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office . "  We have nothing to suggest this is foul play , nothing to suggest he is in danger . We do have people down today doing some searches . I do n't want to mislead you and suggest there is some massive search going on , because there is not . " The teen has been a main topic of conversation in Riddle , a logging and ranching community of about 1,300 with no traditional grocery store and no movie theater . People are searching their property , says one resident , a longtime rancher who asked that he not be identified . "  There 's nothing that makes sense . " Riddle is dozens of miles from the nearest wilderness area , residents say . "  It 's 2 1/2 miles from the major interstate ; it 's right in town in Riddle , " Huston said of where Croom 's car was found . "  There are houses and people , and it 's well-populated , so if he wanted to do an ` Into the Wild , ' it was n't the appropriate place . " If he is in the wild , living off the land might be possible . Overnight low temperatures are in the 50s , and there would be some food and water supply , residents say . "  There 's berries and lots of places to get water , " said Scott Berney , who sells fishing , camping and hunting supplies at Northwest Outdoors in nearby Roseburg . "  Yeah , you could survive . " Johnathan Croom 's camping experience is limited at best , his father says , not much more than camping once or twice with his car . "  I need to hear your voice " : that was the content of a text message Croom sent to his son on last week when he "  started to feel funny " about not hearing from Johnathan . "  We got a text back from his friend  in Seattle  saying , ` he left , and I ca n't get a hold of him . ' " During the past six months , Johnathan Croom 's interest in the movie seems to have grown , says his father . "  He 's been watching the movie a lot , " he said . "  Maybe he said , ' I want to do it . ' That 's our theory , because he kept talking about the movie . " Several reports describing travelers with an apparent interest in McCandless and the abandoned "  Magic Bus " parked near Healy , Alaska , outside Denali National Park have surfaced recently . In May , a police helicopter reportedly rescued three German men who had hiked into the wilderness looking for the bus . An Oklahoma teen inspired by the movie reportedly went missing in Oregon in March after telling his parents he wanted to "  live in the wild . " In 2010 , a Swiss woman reportedly drowned in an Alaska river during her trek to visit the famous bus . Now joining searchers on foot and driving up logging roads in and around Riddle , David Croom hopes McCandless ' story may hold some answers . "  One of the keys to that movie is that no one ever went looking for him . We are trying to change the story by injecting ourselves in it and going to find him . He ca n't be too far away at this point . " Police cautioned that nobody may know the reason Croom disappeared . "  The ` Into the Wild ' came from his dad , " Hutson said . "  I think his dad has that information , and I do n't know , again , if that 's what he wanted to do , he kind of picked the wrong place . "  There are plenty of wilderness areas in Douglas County , but not where he 's at . " Teams looking for the teen have tried using dogs "  but could n't get a scent , " his father said . "  I got a phone call from a logger who said he saw a young man with the same grin as my son on one of the logging roads , so a bunch of local volunteers are going to blanket the area . " But help is scarce in the small town . David Croom has appealed to local search organizations for assistance . "  They are doing the best they can , every drop of sweat , every footstep , I just wish we can do more , " he said . "  Time is ticking away . It 's already been a week . "  My son is a kid , two states away , out in the wild with shorts and a T-shirt . "	NEW : Law enforcement official says nothing to suggest foul play or danger Arizona father fears teen vanished in Oregon to live off land like the film "  Into the Wild " Johnathan Croom , 18 , has never been in the wild before , says his father The teen 's Honda SUV was abandoned in a small town in western Oregon
CNN  -- Madagascar 's military handed over the reins of the island nation to opposition leader Andry Rajoelina on Wednesday , ending a two-month long political crisis -- but apparently creating a constitutional one . Andry Rajoelina is six years too young to be Madagascar 's president under its constitution . Rajoelina , a former disc jockey turned mayor of Madagascar 's capital , declared himself president of a transitional government and his supporters pledged to hold elections in two years . But Rajoelina , at 34 , is six years too young to be president , according to the country 's constitution . Also , the constitution says the head of parliament 's upper house must call elections within two months if something happens to the president . Madagascar 's former president , Marc Ravalomanana , ceded power to his military Tuesday after insisting over the weekend that he would remain in control . Analysts think Ravalomanana had little choice but to step down once he had lost much of the army 's support . The African Union had warned that any power transfer aided by the military would amount to a coup d' etat . The Union has since removed any mention of a coup in its official communique and called on the transitional government to "  comply scrupulously with the provisions of the constitution of Madagascar on interim arrangements . " Monja Roindefo , the opposition-appointed prime minister , vigorously defended the week 's developments on the island , located off the southeastern coast of Africa . "  Well , we would like to define what is a coup , " he told CNN on Wednesday . "  A coup is a group of people or persons who takes the power on behalf of sovereignty , on behalf of the people ... when the representative democracy does n't work anymore . " "  As you know , as stated , in the African Union charter , the people have the right to defend itself from an oppression or a dictatorship in Africa , " he added . Roindefo said the new government will hold elections but has given itself two years to clean up the process . Watch more from iReporters and Twitterers on the crisis " "  How could you make an election immediately ? " he said . "  We need to reform the electoral commission . ... So the 24 months that we have given ourselves is to prepare all these types of elections in order to build a genuine democratic country . " The African Union also asked that all steps be taken to ensure the safety of the former president . The opposition leader had called for Ravalomanana 's arrest , accusing him of corruption , financial mismanagement and dictatorship . Ravalomanana was first elected in 2001 and won a second term in 2006 . To many Malagasy , he represented a new breed of politician -- a self-made millionaire , a no-nonsense business leader . But Ravalomanana maintained his business empire while in office and it was unclear to many where his business interests ended and his political leadership began . His recent purchase of a $ 60 million airplane further stoked public discontent . Opposition leader Rajoelina was quick to seize on the sentiments and made fiery appeals to the country 's impoverished masses . The country was plunged into political instability in January after thousands of people took to the streets to protest rising food prices and what they perceived as autocratic behavior by Ravalomanana . The protests soon degenerated into rioting and looting , and left about 100 people dead . Watch more on president 's resignation " Soon after , Rajoelina declared that he was in charge of the country . He gave Ravalomanana until early February to step down . The president responded by firing Rajoelina as mayor of the capital , inciting the latter 's supporters to once again descend on the streets . More deadly violence followed . Clashes spread to most provincial capitals and other cities across the country , with homes and businesses looted and burned , the U.S. State Department reported . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Madagascar military hands power to opposition leader Andry Rajoelina Under Madagascar constitution , Rajoelina to young to become president Crisis has plunged poverty-stricken nation into turmoil Thousands of people took to the streets to protest rising food prices
Italians are bashing an American gun manufacturer 's advertising campaign that uses the iconic statue of David holding an AR-50A1 rifle with the tagline , "  A Work of Art . " Italy 's minister of culture took to Twitter on Saturday and threatened legal action against the Illinois-based weapon manufacturer Armalite for using the image of Michelangelo 's masterpiece to boost sales of a weapon that retails for about $ 3,300 . Dario Franceschini said that he wants ArmaLite to withdraw the image because it "  offends and violates the law . " Cristina Acidini , the superintendent of the State Museums of Florence , added that the image of David is copyrighted to Italy and ca n't be used without permission , according to Italy 's state run ANSA news agency . CNN could not reach ArmaLite for comment . Still , the controversial ad of David holding the rifle is n't new : It 's been out since at least last May , when it was posted to the company 's Twitter feed . ArmaLite 's current image in the "  A Work of Art " campaign shows a rifle hanging on a museum wall wedged between two iconic paintings -- the Mona Lisa and "  American Gothic . " Some Italians took to the U.S. company 's Facebook page after finding out about their cultural minister 's legal threat . "  Why do n't you use your own bloody monuments work of art ? " asked one person . Another wrote : "  Art is untouchable and ca n't be use to spread death . If you want to enrich your wallets use your own monuments , you have many . "	Minister to gun manufacturer : Stop using Michelangelo 's David statue in ad The ad shows David holding an AR-501A1 rifle and the words "  A Work of Art " Museum officials say David 's image is copyrighted to Italy , state news says ArmaLite 's ad has been out since at least last May , but just got Italy 's attention
CNN  -- At one time , teens Carlos Gonzalez , 16 , and Juan Carlos Echeverri , 15 , were classmates at Cathedral High School in El Paso , Texas . Like many who live along the border , both boys had strong ties to El Paso , and especially to neighboring Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . That 's where they found themselves on Saturday , where they were gunned down at a car dealership by unknown assailants . Gonzalez and Echeverri were both U.S. citizens , the Cathedral principal told CNN . A third youth , 16-year-old Cesar Miramontes of Juarez was also killed in the incident . "  Like many kids involved in this border reality of straddling two cultures , he had a lot of stress about what 's going on in Juarez , " the high school principal , Brother Nick Gonzalez , said of Gonzalez . The two are not related . The young Gonzalez , the principal said , was "  mischievous , but a good kid . " His family , which had lived in Juarez , had recently started renting an apartment in El Paso for safety reasons . Juarez is a flashpoint in the drug cartel turf wars that have left thousands dead over the past four years . There were more than 3,000 killings recorded in Juarez alone in 2010 . Moving to the United States , for any child , is a cultural shift , and "  I think he struggled with that , " the principal said . Echeverri went to school with Gonzalez at Cathedral their freshman year , before he returned to Juarez to attend school there , the principal said . The shooting happened at 4:22 p.m. Saturday at a car dealership , where the teens were looking at cars , said Arturo Sandoval , spokesman for the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office . Police recovered at least 18 bullet casings at the scene from an AK-47 , an automatic weapon commonly used by drug traffickers in the city . "  We believe  Echeverri  and the two others had been friends for a long time . He was here in the city to visit them , " Sandoval said . Virginia Staab , a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department , said Monday that U.S. authorities are actively looking into the incident and had not yet confirmed the citizenship of any of the victims . Even though the killings happened in Juarez , they re-open wounds for the students and the community of El Paso , Nick Gonzalez , the principal , said . Seemingly everyone knows someone who has been killed , extorted , kidnapped or robbed , he said . Just because the violence is on the Mexican side of the border , does n't make it a Mexican problem , he said . "  It is not a ` them ' problem , it is an ` us ' problem . We need to find out how to help kids cope , " he said . "  Just because there is a border does n't mean that the emotions and pain do n't cross over . " Monday 's killings marked the first time that a current student at Cathedral High School was killed in the Juarez violence . But alumni have been killed before , and , just before Christmas , the father of a student -- a successful orthopedic surgeon in Juarez -- was kidnapped and killed . The fatal shootings come on the heels of numerous similar violent incidents in recent months in Juarez . In one 48-hour span last week , for instance , at least 14 people were killed -- including a municipal police officer and a newspaper vendor who police believe was targeted due to her job , according to Juarez Police spokesman Adrian Sanchez .	Three teens killed Saturday at a car dealership in Ciudad Juarez Two of the victims were U.S. citizens , a school principal says Ciudad Juarez has been beset by severe violence in recent months
Rolling Stone  -- Hip-hop has never produced anything quite like Drake -- a guy with a Jay-Z ego and a Charlie Brown soul . The Canadian singer-rapper introduced his melancholy-player persona on 2010 's platinum "  Thank Me Later , " spooling out alarmingly mellow confessional brags over synth-streaked tracks that suggested someone had spiked his Cristal with NyQuil and truth serum . "  Famous like a drug that I 've taken too much of , " he rapped , and somehow made you sympathetic to all his stardom-is-hard meditations . So , how 's he feeling these days ? The cover of "  Take Care " says it all : Drake sits forlornly in the depths of a mansion he could 've bought from 1970s Jimmy Page , slung over a golden goblet of $ 50-a-glass painkiller . Dude probably had sex two minutes ago , but he looks like his dog just got run over by a garbage truck . The music is grandiose , full of big names and weighty references -- from the drunk-dial epic "  Marvin 's Room " to the N'awlins hip-hop tribute "  Practice " to cameos from Andr  3000 , Nicki Minaj , Lil Wayne and Stevie Wonder . Where "  Thank Me Later " was airy and spare , "  Take Care " truly goes for it with luxe , expansive production : On "  Cameras , " beatmaking prodigy Lex Luger provides diamond-bright high-hat clicks , low-end vroom and soulful background vocals as Drake struggles to convince his girl he 's not cheating on her after she sees him in a magazine with another woman ; on "  Lord Knows , " Just Blaze laces a shake-the-sky mix of gospel choir , gauzy R&B sample and stomping beat , and Rick Ross swoops in for a hilarious freestyle : "  Villa on the water with the wonderful views/Only fat ni ** a in the sauna with Jews . " There 's even a funky thank-you letter to Drake 's mom . Drake 's ` Take Care ' : A Track-by-Track Breakdown Mostly , Drake stretches out over languid , austerely plush tracks that blur hip-hop , R&B and downtempo dance music . "  Over My Dead Body " opens the album with a dreamweave of cascading pianos and plaintive backing vocals from Canadian singer Chantal Kreviazuk : "  I was drinking at the Palms last night/And ended up losing everything that I came with , " he raps in his finest just-woke-up voice . It 's what Drake does best , collapsing many moods -- arrogance , sadness , tenderness and self-pity -- into one vast , squish-souled emotion . On the elegant title track , Jamie Smith of U.K. band the xx lays down house-music pianos , ice sheets of guitar and a sample from recently deceased R&B radical Gil Scott-Heron as Drake and Rihanna do their laid-back , realist appraisal of the love game : "  When you 're ready , just say you 're ready , " he reassures . Is it going to work out ? Maybe . But like most hopeless romantics , Drake favors the illusion of infinite promise over the reality anyway . The 30 Best Albums of 2010 : Drake , ` Thank Me Later ' "  We live in a generation of not being in love , " he says over Stevie Wonder 's harmonica on "  Doing It Wrong . " It 's as close as "  Take Care " gets to a message for our times . But deep down you wonder if he 'd have it any other way . After all , in a fully requited world , who 'd need Drake ? Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Take Care " is what Drake does best : Collapsing many moods onto one vast emotion Like most hopeless romantics , he favors the illusion of infinite promise over the reality The Canadian singer-rapper introduced his melancholy-player persona on 2010 's platinum "  Thank Me Later "
RollingStone.com  -- Before the curtain rose for "  American Idiot " at Manhattan 's St. James Theater last night , an announcer listed the house rules and then added , "  By the way , the role of St. Jimmy will be played by Billie Joe Armstrong . " The subsequent shrieking was likely the loudest ever for a Broadway stand-in . Green Day 's buildup to the ` breakdown ' : A look back at the punk trio 's career It was an impressive Broadway debut for the Green Day frontman , whose character is an evil influence on the punky protagonist Jesus of Suburbia  played by John Gallagher Jr. It was also a rare opportunity to see Armstrong in the role : He is filling in for Broadway vet Tony Vincent  who is on short leave for a family matter  for eight performances , the last one of which happens Sunday night . His lines were few , but the 38-year-old fell naturally into the flow of the choreography , and of course , he gave inimitable , passionate performances of his own songs  "  Homecoming , " "  She 's a Rebel , " "  Last Night on Earth , " and "  Know Your Enemy . " ` American Idiot ' musical : Meet the show 's rocker cast Armstrong appeared 30 minutes into the show , atop a moving staircase , where he howled the "  1-2-3-4 " count-off during "  St. Jimmy . " The applause was deafening as he sang the first lines : He strutted down the stairs , grabbed his crotch during the thrashing breakdown , and joined the rest of the cast in their choreographed moves , shooting them up with heroin . As the track 's final note was struck , he grasped hands with Gallagher , and remained in the position for a full minute , to huge applause . Video : Green Day on ` American Idiot ' "  It turns out he 's a really good actor , " Michael Alden , a fan in his early twenties , told Rolling Stone after the show . "  He actually danced . There was choreography , and I believed his character . " Since the musical  which is based on the 2004 Green Day album of the same name , which itself sold five million copies and won a Grammy for Best Rock Album  debuted in April , Billie Joe has promoted it tirelessly , once surprising the audience with a short Green Day set , performing with the cast on Monday Night Football and appearing on local New York television . "  These people were on a stage singing my songs -- it was kind of like being invited to your own funeral , " Armstrong told "  Rolling Stone " after witnessing the play last spring . "  It blew me away . " Peter Travers reviews ` American Idiot ' Playing St. Jimmy amounts to Armstrong 's biggest show of support yet for the show , which last week played to half-full houses .  Last night appeared to be sold out .  He was respectful of the role , and seemingly intent on not overshadowing the cast -- he never broke character or sang numbers outside of his role . Still , he brought 20 years of stage experience to the role . He stood on a television during "  Know Your Enemy , " making his trademark bug eyes and pantomiming a gun to his head , and ripped off his shirt during "  The Death of St. Jimmy "  revealing plenty of chest tattoos  as the cast crowded around him until he fell backward into their arms . After the full-cast bow  Armstrong did n't take his own  , the curtain reopened while the full cast held acoustic guitars . Armstrong picked the opening notes to for "  Good Riddance  Time of Your Life  , " taking the full first verse -- typically , the cast trades lines -- then left rest of them to the actors . Afterwards , the audience spilled onto 44th Street and a massive mob waited for Armstrong to emerge  he eventually did , but went straight to his car .  "  It was surreal to see -LSB- Armstrong -RSB- singing what he wrote up close and personal , " 19-year-old Natalie Kolbo said outside . "  From the first moment he was there , I was in awe . " Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Green Day singer kicks off eight performances as St. Jimmy in the struggling musical The "  American Idiot " musical is based off the album , which won a Grammy for Best Rock Album "  He actually danced . There was choreography , and I believed his character , " fan says
London , England  CNN  -- Each week , Global Connections takes two countries and asks you to find connections between them . In our first week , we chose Brazil and Nigeria . Thank you for all your comments on the blog . Here are just some of the links you found between the countries , as well of some of the other highlights of the week . Many of you , including "  Mukhtar Umar , " "  Ikpono Utuk " and "  Perpetua I Uku " noted that both nations know how to throw a good party with their colorful and vibrant carnivals . "  Daibah garba " pointed out that both countries are blessed with thick rainforests . Conservationists in Nigeria are currently trying to preserve what is left  less than 10 percent  of what was once a vast center of biodiversity . "  Drake Fruit , " "  Victor Eastman , " "  Ojewe victor , " "  ade " and many others correctly linked 1996 Olympic champions , Nigeria and five-times World Cup winners Brazil as countries that share a nation-wide passion for football . Read our exclusive interview with Nigerian football legend Kanu to find out his thoughts on his homeland . We also spoke to the Brazilian author Paulo Coelho about Brazil 's special brand of alchemy . "  John Torres " and several others correctly linked both country 's love of a telenovela . As well as being an avid consumer of telenovelas , Brazil makes some of the most successful ones too . CNN spoke to media expert Carolina Acosta-Alzuru about the Latin melodramas with a message . There were plenty of other connections that sadly , we did n't get time to cover . But please keep your comments coming in and get your thinking caps on for next week 's countries . We want you to try and find common ground between Sweden and Malaysia . Click here to leave you suggestions and we will feature the best of them on the show next week . Happy connecting !	We asked "  what connects Brazil and Nigeria ? " And hundreds of you responded Both share a passion for carnivals and the melodrama of a telenovela Brazil and Nigeria both have some of the most committed football supporters in the world Both countries are home to rich areas of biodiversity with their rainforests
CNN  -- Nigerian police have arrested a man claiming to be Boko Haram 's "  chief butcher " in an area identified as the Balmo Forest of northeastern Nigeria . Detectives arrested Mohammed Zakari , 30 , as he fled from what police and the military describe as an intensive counterinsurgency sweep in the area . Zakari is accused in connection with the deaths of seven people , including women and children , according to Nigerian police . He is also accused of taking part in an April attack against Nigerian customs officers in Kari , police say . Boko Haram is a fundamentalist Islamic militant group based in northern Nigeria whose name translates as "  Western education is forbidden . " Its members are accused in dozens of brutal attacks against Nigerian government offices , churches and schools since 2009 . Human Rights Watch said Tuesday the group is responsible for at least 2,053 civilian deaths in 2014 . The group based its account on media reports and field investigations . "  Boko Haram is effectively waging war on the people of northeastern Nigeria at a staggering human cost , " said Human Rights Watch West Africa Director Corinne Dufka . Malala to Boko Haram : Stop misusing Islam In May , the group abducted more than 200 girls from a boarding school in the town of Chibok , setting off worldwide condemnation of the group and prompting Western nations to send troops and aid to the region to help with the search for the missing girls . Last month , Boko Haram militants held residents in the village of Kummabza hostage for four days , abducting more than 60 females and killing 30 men . The women later escaped when militants left them alone in a camp while they battled Nigerian soldiers . Nigerian troops have been conducting intensive efforts against the group in northeastern Nigeria for days , according to government statements and Nigerian media reports . The military said it has routed terrorists from the Balmo Forest region and uncovered weapons caches as well as uniforms worn by Nigerian security services , according to Nigeria 's Ministry of Defence . Some of the suspected terrorists captured during the raid are "  volunteering information linking the activities in the forest with other terrorist activities in the country , " the Defence Ministry said in a statement . On the hunt for Boko Haram CNN 's Radina Gigova and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Nigerian police say they 've arrested senior Boko Haram member They say Mohammed Zakari calls himself "  chief butcher " of the Balmo Forest That 's a region of northeast Nigeria where troops claim to have routed Boko Haram The terror group has been blamed for deadly attacks in recent years
In the space of just 48 hours last week , Turkey went from calling the PYD -- the Kurds defending the Syrian border town of Kobani -- a terrorist group to opening up an arms corridor from Iraq to aid its fight against ISIS . That dramatic change in policy , along with growing collaboration between the United States and the PYD  the armed wing of the Democratic Union Party  , could tip a month-long battle against ISIS militants in favor of the Kurds . It could also , finally , pave the way for a resolution between Turkey and the Kurdish Worker 's Party  PKK  , which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state . This would remove a major irritant in the coalition 's strategy in Syria . Turkish leaders in Ankara resisted domestic and international pressure to aid the PYD for a month while Kobani became the focal point of the operation against ISIS . Turkey 's Kurds took to the streets to demonstrate against what they saw as the government 's refusal to protect their kin next door . In reaction to President Erdogan 's indifference to the prospect of the massacre of Kurds at the hands of the Islamic State , the PKK 's imprisoned leader , Abdullah Ocalan , said that if the town fell he would end the peace negotiations with Ankara that have been in progress since 2012 . With help arriving from the Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga and the United States , the prospect of losing Kobani is no longer imminent . The Turkish government can breathe a sigh of relief , but not for long . Washington 's decision to help the PYD militarily marks the emergence of a new alliance at a time when Turkey has already been unnerved by the recent diplomatic boost the group has received in the West . In response to the growing Islamic State threat , the PKK , the Peshmerga , and the PYD have established a united Kurdish front , with the PYD militants coming to the aid of Peshmerga fighters and halting the jihadi group 's advance into the autonomous region of northern Iraq . PYD forces helped thousands of Yazidis escape from the western part of the region as ISIS attacked , making the group the West 's best hope for on-the-ground troops and winning it positive reviews in the Western media . Since the PKK started its assault against the Islamic State in northern Iraq , there has been a lot of talk in Western capitals about removing it from the terror list . The U.S. move to openly ally with the PYD only adds to Turkey 's fears . But if Turkey 's leaders manage to look beyond their long-running Kurdish phobia , they could turn the PYD-U.S. dialogue to their advantage . The PKK , with its new international legitimacy and the alliance the United States forged with its Syrian offshoot , is unlikely to put these gains at risk by resuming violence against Turkey . For Turkey , the Kurdish issue is more than a domestic security problem ; its concern over Kurdish autonomy in northern Syria has diminished its room for maneuver and has kept it from playing an effective role both in the anti-Assad and the anti-Islamic State coalition . Turkey has already been marginalized in regional affairs due to other foreign policy miscalculations , and it can not afford to miss out on a seat at the table on Syria because of its reservations about the PYD . Turkey shares a long border with Syria , hosts 1.6 million Syrian refugees , and has historical ties to Syria 's ethnic and sectarian communities . Home to well-established Salafi networks , Turkey is one of the countries most vulnerable to attacks by the Islamic State . It is thus in Ankara 's interest to treat the peace process with the PKK more urgently so that it can attend to these pressing matters . Nevertheless , Turkey 's policies still prioritize undercutting the Kurds over any other concern . Its policies are largely to blame for the Syrian Kurds ' failure to join the Western backed Syrian opposition , and it has been dragging its feet to join the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State because it views ISIS as an effective fighting force not just against the Assad regime , but also against the PYD . A U.S.-PYD-Turkish partnership , however , could work toward the removal of the Assad regime , which Ankara says is its top priority in Syria . Turkey has criticized the U.S.-led coalition for prioritizing the removal of ISIS without addressing the root cause of the problem : the regime in Damascus . The United States , however , could engage the PYD in pursuing both objectives . With the right push from Washington and Ankara , the Syrian Kurds , with their secular bent and effective fighting force , could become part of the ground force that the West so desperately needs in Syria . The United States has taken a positive step in reconsidering its approach vis--vis the PYD . At a time when the lingering Kurdish issue has caused Turkey to become marginalized in the fight against ISIS , both the PKK and Ankara would be well-served if they took steps to advance the stalled peace process . Let 's hope the U.S. and Turkish decisions to help the PYD are more than tactical moves.READ MORE : Meet America 's newest allies , Syria 's KurdsREAD MORE : Peshmerga fighters ` to enter Kobani soon '	Turkey has switched from calling Kurdish PYD fighters terrorists to supporting them Move could help bring to an end the weeks-long battle for the border town of Kobani , says Tol "  It could also pave the way for a resolution between Turkey and the Kurdish Worker 's Party " Tol says a U.S.-PYD-Turkish alliance could work toward the removal of the Assad regime
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Eleven-year-old Hiroki Ando will likely die if he does not get a new heart . Hiroki in an ambulance on the way to catch his flight to New York , where he will wait for a heart . Hiroki suffers from cardiomyopathy , which inflames and impairs the heart . The same disease killed his sister five years ago . "  We have two children in our family who got a disease that happens one out of every 100,000 people . I am sorry for my children . We are having my daughter and Hiroki going through this harsh experience , " said father Ryuki Ando . "  We were told by his doctor at the end of last year that the heart transplant operation was the only way for him to survive , " Ando said . But the law in Japan prohibits anyone under the age of 15 from donating organs -- meaning Hiroki ca n't get a new heart in his home country . According to the web site for Japan Transplant Network , a non-governmental group that supports changing Japan 's transplant law , "  this stipulation has greatly reduced the possibility of transplants to small children ; heart transplants to small children have become impossible . " Watch Hiroki 's trip to the United States " Lawmaker Taro Kono is spearheading efforts to change the law , which was enacted in 1997 . Japan 's parliament is now debating four proposed amendments -- including one that would scrap the age limit . But , beyond the age matter , the issue of organ transplantation in general , has been a difficult one for the country because of perceptions of brain death . Some refuse to accept it if their loved ones ' hearts are still beating . "  For a long time , it 's the heart that mattered in Japan . Some religions ask us not to declare being brain dead as death . But that is not the majority , " Kono said . "  So it is simply that we have been doing things this way and a lot of people are very skeptical about it . " Kono , who gave a kidney to his father , said a total of 81 organ transplants have been conducted in Japan since the transplant law was enacted in 1997 , whereas nearly thousands of transplants occur in the United States each year . "  A lot of people in Japan waiting for a transplant , waiting for a liver , a heart , other organs , most of them just die simply because they could n't get any organs , " he said . Kono said he believes the public supports changing the law to allow organ donation from children , noting that "  when the parents of the child are going on the street asking for donations , they can actually raise more than a million dollars . " Incredibly , that 's just what Hiroki 's family has done . They started a group called "  helping Hiroki " and raised $ 1.7 million in donations . "  It was very tough to get the donations , but so many people from all over Japan donated the money , " he said . "  It was not only the money , but so many letters and messages to energize us , sent to the group . We realized there are so many people supporting us , and they are the reason that we made it this far and will be able to continue after going to the U.S. " Hiroki is now at Columbia University Medical Center in New York , awaiting a new heart . His father says he knows that the transplant issue is a difficult one for families . "  The honest wish from the recipient 's side is to have a donor show up as soon as possible , " he said , pausing . "  I still do not know whether I can make a decision to give my child 's heart to someone else if I am faced with such a situation . But unless the people face the issue and think about it seriously , I do not think the time will come soon to see more people volunteering to donate organs . " Ando said he hopes that one day he will be able to play baseball with his son , who is an avid sports fan . "  I would like to have a fun time again with Hiroki . I would like to make it home with everyone in good health , " he said . "  That 's the biggest hope I have now . " Ando 's mother wrote in a blog on her Web site  http://www.hirokikun.jp/  that Hiroki was high on the waiting list for a heart transplant in New York . "  I believe Hiroki will be all right , " she wrote .	Hiroki Ando , 11 , suffers from cardiomyopathy , which inflames and impairs the heart He ca n't get heart in Japan because people under 15 not allowed to donate organs Hiroki 's family raised $ 1.7 million in donations to send Hiroki to New York for surgery
CNN  -- A military contractor 's plane crashed Wednesday upon approach to a Navy air base in Southern California , killing the sole person aboard . The aircraft , operated by the Airborne Tactical Advantage Company , went down as it was nearing Naval Base Ventura County in Oxnard , about halfway between the coastal cities of Santa Barbara and Santa Monica . Capt. Mike Lindberry , a spokesman for the Ventura County Fire Department , tweeted it 's not known whether the Hunter Hawker aircraft 's pilot "  ejected or if chute was part of  the  debris field . " ATAC flies small jets used in exercises at the Navy base , according to base spokeswoman Kimberly Gearhart . She said that the contractor leases space on the base . Naval Base Ventura County was established in 2000 , combining two World War II-era locales in Naval Air Station Point Mugu and Construction Battalion Center Port Hueneme . It 's now home to more than 80 military commands , according to the base 's website . CNN 's J.R. Nichols and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	A Hunter Hawker aircraft goes down near Naval Base Ventura County in California It 's operated by Airborne Tactical Advantage Company , which flies in military exercises It 's not known whether pilot ejected or whether the chute was part of the debris field
CNN Student News  -- February 1 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Washington , D.C. ; Greensboro , North Carolina Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- The Winter Olympics has been hit by tragedy after the death of a Georgian competitor following a crash during training for the high-speed luge event -- the International Olympic Committee  IOC  and the Georgian Embassy have confirmed . Nodar Kumaritashvili , 21 , was on the final corner of the course during official training when he had a "  serious crash " and was propelled off the track at the Whistler Sliding Center in Vancouver , Canada , according to the IOC . "  Our first thoughts are with the family , friends and colleagues of the athlete . The whole Olympic Family is struck by this tragedy , which clearly casts a shadow over these Games " , IOC President Jacques Rogge said in a statement . "  We are deeply struck by this tragedy and join the IOC in extending our condolences to the family , friends and teammates of this athlete , who came to Vancouver to follow his Olympic dream " , added John Furlong of VANOC , the Games Organizing Committee . In the same statement , International Luge Federation President Josef Fendt said : "  This is a terrible accident . "  This is the gravest thing that can happen in sport , and our thoughts and those of the ` luge family ' , are naturally with those touched by this event . " The luge event is one of the most dangerous in sport , with competitors sliding down an icy track on a sledge , while steering with their legs , at speeds approaching 100 miles per hour . Kumaritashvili was not considered one of the favorites to win a medal and was ranked 44th in the world . However , earlier in practice , gold medal favorite Armin Zoggeler of Italy also lost control and crashed on curve 11 , although he was able to walk away from the incident . The accident came just hours before the Games officially started with a lavish opening ceremony on Friday evening .	The Winter Olympics are hit by tragedy after the death of a competitor Nodar Kumaritashvili of Georgia was killed suring a training crash for luge event The 21-year-old smashed into a pole after coming off the track at high-speed
CNN  -- This is the time of the year when everyone can channel their inner Dick Vitale . Just make sure not to startle your co-workers if you start yelling , "  Awesome , baby ! " Everyone in the entire country , starting on Selection Sunday when the NCAA Tournament brackets are revealed , becomes a college basketball expert . From President Obama to that annoying woman in accounting who lets her corgie make the picks  and still somehow wins the office pool  , we 're all about to pretend we know more about Cinderella than the prince himself . So if you 're just now beginning to pay attention , here is an A-to-Z primer of what you 're going to find in your brackets . A is for Antonio , which is the real first name for dynamic Syracuse guard Scoop Jardine . He averages 4.9 assists for the Orange , which went 30-1 in the regular season to become one of the favorites this month . B is for Bourbon Street , which is where a few thousand fans will converge during the Final Four  the games are March 31 and April 2  . This is the fifth time New Orleans has hosted the event , and if you believe geography has anything to do with a team 's success , you might pick North Carolina  the winners there in 1982 and 1993  , Indiana  1987  or Syracuse  2003  . C is for Connecticut , the defending national champions who have had anything but a smooth season wearing the crown . The Huskies underachieved to start the season , then watched their iconic head coach , Jim Calhoun , sidelined with back problems . But now Calhoun is back , and there 's no doubting his team has talent . "  It 's been a different kind of season , " he said at the Big East Tournament . "  But through it all , somewhat by separation , I realized how much I care about these kids . " D is for Draymond , and if you like watching college basketball to see a player develop , you like Draymond Green . The forward averaged just 3.3 points and 3.3 rebounds as a freshman at Michigan State , but four years later , he was named Big Ten Player of the Year in leading the Spartans to a share of the league title . E is for emergency room , which is where Seton Hall center Herb Pope was rushed on April 28 , 2010 , after his heart stopped . His condition was so serious the school prepared a press release to announce his death , but two years later with Pope as the key player up front , the Pirates are potentially one of 10 Big East teams that could make the tournament field . F is for Frank Haith , the head coach at Missouri . You want a successful first season on the job ? Try Haith leading the Tigers to a 27-4 record in the regular season . But now comes the real goal : Getting Missouri , which will be making its 25th NCAA Tournament appearance , into its first Final Four . SI.com : See where your team stands for March Madness G is for Gaels , the nickname for West Coast Conference champion St. Mary 's . If you 're from Down Under  or just enjoy Foster 's beer  , you 'll like the Gaels : They 've built their program on a pipeline from Australia that now includes conference player of the year Matthew Dellavedova . As fans chant during their games , "  Aussie ! Aussie ! Aussie ! Oi ! Oi ! Oi ! " H is for Harvard , which is getting as much attention for its basketball team these days as its business school . Not only are the Crimson back in the tournament for the first time since the Truman administration  that 's 1946  , but their former star Jeremy Lin has quickly become a worldwide superstar for his surprising play for the Knicks . I is for Indiana , back in the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2008 . If that does n't seem like a long drought , consider : The Hoosiers were a tournament fixture every year from 1986 to 2003 and have won five titles  1940 , 1953 , 1976 , 1981 and 1987  . J is for Jackrabbits , the unique mascot for first-time tournament participant South Dakota State . The origin is believed to be an early 1900s newspaper article that described the team "  as quick as jackrabbits . " And they better be , since they 're likely headed to a first-round matchup with one of the top programs in the country . K is for Krzyzewski -- or , if you prefer , Coach K. Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski has won this tournament four times , more than any coach in the tournament  just one man in the history of college basketball , John Wooden with 10 , has more  . Do the Blue Devils have what it takes to deliver No. 5 ? They 'll have to count on emerging freshman star Austin Rivers if they do . L is for Loyola  Maryland  , where the colorful Jimmy Patsos is the head coach . When Patsos was a graduate assistant at Maryland , he worked a side job as a bartender in the Georgetown section of D.C. -- and his reputation for courtside theatrics means the TV cameras will spend plenty of time watching him during the Greyhounds ' first-round game . M is for Murray State , which is the best team most casual college fans have never heard of . Only a four-point loss to Tennessee State kept the Racers from rural Murray , Kentucky , from entering the tournament at a perfect 31-0 , and with junior guard Isaiah Canaan  19.2 points per game  , there 's no telling how far they 'll go this month . N is for Northwestern , and that 'll be one of the biggest questions heading into Selection Sunday : Will the Wildcats finally earn their first ever berth in the NCAA Tournament ? "  The stats are out there , " is all head coach Bill Carmody would say when asked if his team belonged this week , so do n't expect much lobbying from Chicago . O is for office pools , on which the FBI estimates more than $ 2.5 billion is gambled each year . That 's a lot of people who think they know which No. 12 seed is going to advance to the Sweet 16 . Take the CNN bracket challenge P is for proud papa , which is how Detroit Mercy coach Ray McCallum is feeling this week . Not only are his Titans back in the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 1999 , but they 're in the field because his son , Ray Jr. , carried them there . Ray Jr. , who scored 21 points in the Horizon League championship game , could have played on a bigger stage but decided to stick with dad . "  This is the greatest feeling in world ! " he said . Q is for Quinnipiac , which did not make the tournament . But doing an A to Z would be much easier if it finally did . R is for regionals , or the round of the tournament that determines which teams reach the Final Four . If you live in Boston , Phoenix , St. Louis or Atlanta , you might notice some folks wearing their team colors and milling around downtown bars and restaurants in a few weeks . S is for Shockers , the nickname for Wichita State . Looking for the next George Mason , that unexpected team to make a run to the Final Four ? The Shockers are deep and talented enough , with point guard Joe Ragland and 7-foot center Garrett Stutz , that it would n't be , uh , shocking if they went on a run . T is for Tinkle , as in Montana coach Wayne Tinkle , who has the Grizzlies back in the tournament with their best record in 20 years . Can they pull off a first-round upset ? "  We have achieved our No. 1 goal now and that was winning the tournament championship to go to the NCAAs , " Tinkle said . "  We are not out of our goals yet . " U is for UCLA , and do n't bother looking for them in your brackets . The team with more NCAA Tournament victories than any other is not in the field . Neither is Butler , the surprising team from Indianapolis that reached back-to-back national championship games . V is for VCU , back in the tournament field after pulling off perhaps the most unlikely Final Four run in history last season . The Rams went all the way from the "  First Four " -- the matchups played in Dayton , Ohio , on the Tuesday before the full tournament gets under way -- to the Final Four under head coach Shaka Smart . Can they do it again ? It 's unlikely , of course , but the Rams are one of the hottest teams in the nation , winning 17 of their last 18 games . W is for Western Kentucky , which started the season at 5-14 but managed to win the Sun Belt Tournament to lock up its automatic bid . Do the 15-18 Hilltoppers belong in the field ? As long as that means their cuddly amorphous mascot Big Red gets a chance to dance in the Dance , who cares ? X is for Xavier , which has reached 10 of the last 11 tournaments but is sitting squarely on the tournament bubble this year . Will the Musketeers and senior guard Tu Holloway make it ? It 'll be one of the biggest questions when the field is revealed . Y is for youth , and Kentucky is among the favorites to win the national title because of it . Two freshmen have led the way for the Wildcats -- Anthony Davis , the 6-10 shot-blocking specialist from Chicago , and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist , the intense forward from New Jersey . Enjoy them while you can : Both are likely NBA lottery picks if they enter the draft at the end of the season . Z is for Zeller , as in Tyler Zeller , the ACC Player of Year at North Carolina . The Tar Heels are arguably the most talented team in the country , but do they have what it takes to win six games in the tournament ? Of course , if anyone could answer that question , it would n't be March Madness .	NCAA Tournament brackets revealed on Selection Sunday , March 11 To kickoff March Madness 2012 , this primer will explain what you 'll find in your brackets The Indiana Hoosiers are back in the tournament for the first time since 2008 Reigning UConn Huskies hope to defend their title despite a rocky season
CNN  -- They met and fell head over heels at the Taj Mahal , that iconic monument to love . She , an American tourist . He , an Indian rickshaw driver . But theirs was n't to be the kind of romance that Bollywood endings are made of . Their marriage soon soured . And Bunty Sharma stabbed his wife , Erin Willinger , to death before blowing himself up in his home . Willinger , 35 , of Pennsylvania first visited the northern Indian city of Agra in September to see the Taj Mahal , the white marble mausoleum that a grief-stricken emperor had erected for his wife who died during childbirth . There , Willinger met Sharma , a 32-year-old who made a living driving an autorickshaw , those three-wheeled green and yellow cabs . They married in a local court , Agra 's police chief Shalabh Mathur told CNN . But their marriage soon headed into trouble and the couple started living separately over "  differences " in their relationship , Mathur said . "  Both had allegations against each other , " the police chief said , without elaborating . But the Indian Express newspaper reported that Sharma accused his wife of smoking too much and "  talking to other men . " The couple separated but were not legally divorced , Mathur said . On February 20 , Willinger met Sharma again -- but police were n't clear why . Police said he drove her to a secluded spot in Agra and fatally stabbed her . He then went home and killed himself by igniting a gas canister in his kitchen that caused his house to explode . "  We offer our condolences to her family and loved ones on their loss , " said Lee McManis , spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . " We are in contact with her family and are providing all appropriate consular assistance . Out of respect for the privacy of those affected , we decline further comment . " Florida man kills wife and son with crossbow , then slits throat Did newlywed blindfold husband before pushing him off cliff ?	The marriage soon soured Report : Sharma accused Willinger of "  talking to other men " He died in a house explosion that he caused
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Police who are investigating a major wildfire in northern Israel have detained a 14-year-old boy who admitted smoking a water pipe in the woods near his village , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . The wildfire killed at least 42 people and forced the evacuation of thousands of others before it was extinguished Monday , police said . The boy said he threw coals from his pipe in the woods , but then panicked and ran to school after the fire started . Two other teenagers who had been detained Monday have been released , Rosenfeld said . About 1,500 firefighters are still in the area and on standby , police spokesman Rosenfeld said . The fire , which broke out Thursday , forced the evacuations of about 17,000 people and scorched over 10,000 acres around Haifa , Israel 's third largest city , threatening businesses , tourism and one of Israel 's greenest regions , Mount Carmel . The developments came a day after the Israeli Cabinet approved a plan to speed aid to those affected . "  I do not want delays , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday . "  I do not want bureaucracy . I want processes to be shortened . I want quick solutions . I want all of the people -- within days -- to be able to return to their homes or to alternative housing , until the reconstruction work is finished . " The Cabinet has approved a series of steps aimed at kick-starting a quick response for victims . The Finance Ministry will allocate 60 million shekels  $ 16 million  in aid to local communities affected by the fire . Netanyahu instructed that more funding be considered if necessary . The plan will include compensating local governments for damages "  in order to meet the costs of evacuating and absorbing populations , firefighting efforts , clean-up and dealing with infrastructures , " according to a government statement . The government said Israel 's Housing Administration will station mobile structures in the communities to stand in for homes and public structures that were destroyed . A plan will also be formulated to restore animal and plant life affected in the Carmel Nature Reserve . Most of the 42 victims were cadets in Israel 's prison service who arrived Thursday to help evacuate 500 inmates from the Damon prison near Haifa . Among the dead , 40 were apparently burned alive when their bus , traveling along a narrow mountain road , was engulfed by the fast-moving blaze , the Jerusalem Post reported . Police said late Monday that a policewoman had died of her wounds , bringing the death toll to 42 . In an interview with the newspaper , a firefighter spokesman said the bus was gone in less than three minutes . "  The bus had no chance . They tried to escape but were burned alive , " the spokesman said . "  It was a horrific scene . " The Israeli military said the victims would be buried with full honors in military ceremonies . Built on the slopes of Mount Carmel about 50 miles north of Tel Aviv , Haifa 's metropolitan area is also host to historical sites that date to Biblical times . The fire has also threatened a sensitive ecological area near the Hai Bar nature reserve . Known as Mount Carmel 's "  Little Switzerland , " the reserve is home to a wildlife preservation project that seeks to bring back native species mentioned in the Old Testament . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	NEW : Israeli policewoman dies , bringing death toll to 42 A 14-year-old boy admits to throwing pipe coals into the woods The wildfire forces the evacuation of some 17,000 people The Israeli government approves funding for victims
CNN  -- Singer Pink has confirmed what some have been speculating online for a while : she is eating for two these days . The "  Stupid Girls " singer made the announcement during a taping of the "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show " set to air Wednesday . Pink -- whose real name is Alecia Beth Moore -- said she did not want to announce she was pregnant earlier because she 's had a miscarriage . "  I did n't want to talk about it because I was just really nervous ... but if I was going to talk about it with anyone , it was going to be with you , " she told the talk show host . When DeGeneres asked her the baby 's sex , she said the doctor thinks it 's a girl . "  I 'm terrified because she thinks it 's a girl , " she said . "  My mom has always wished me a daughter just like me . I 'm terrified one of us will go to jail . " The 31-year-old said she and husband , Carey Hart , have always wanted a baby . "  I worked for it , " Pink said . "  It was not an Oops . " The two have had a tumultuous past . They briefly broke up in 2008 . After the breakup , Pink released the song "  Please Do n't Leave Me " that chronicles a love-hate relationship with a boyfriend she ca n't let go of . In the song released last year , she sings , "  I always say how I do n't need you , but it 's always gon na come right back to this , please do n't leave me . " The two got back together after the song 's release . Pink told DeGeneres the time apart brought them closer . "  I never had anything in my life that I did n't work hard for and my relationship is that , " she said . "  We worked really hard and we had our little meltdowns , a couple of them , and now , we 're honestly , we both needed to do that and come back together . It 's just yummy . " The baby news comes a day after the singer released a compilation album , "  Greatest Hits ... So Far . "	Pink says she thinks she 's having a girl She makes the announcement during a taping of the "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show " Baby news comes a day after the singer releases a compilation album
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A US Airways plane with 155 people on board ditched into a chilly Hudson River on Thursday , apparently after striking at least one bird upon takeoff from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , according to officials and passengers . iReporter Julie Pukelis used a camera and a telescope to get this view of the scene in the river . Everyone on board was accounted for and alive , officials said . About 15 people were being treated at hospitals and others were being evaluated at triage centers . Flight 1549 , headed to Charlotte , North Carolina , was airborne less than three minutes , according to FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown . The pilot radioed to air traffic controllers that he had experienced a bird strike and declared an emergency , a New Jersey State Police source said . "  I think a lot of people started praying and just collecting themselves , " said passenger Fred Berretta . "  It was quite stunning . " Watch passenger describe landing " He said he was expecting the plane to flip over and break apart , but it did not . "  It was a great landing , " Berretta said . Air traffic controllers at LaGuardia saw the plane clear the George Washington Bridge by less than 900 feet before gliding into the water about 3:31 p.m. , an aviation source told CNN . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send images Witness Ben Vonklemperer said he watched the plane from the 25th floor of an office building . "  If someone 's going to land a plane in the water , this seemed the best possible way to do it , " Vonklemperer said . "  The way they hit it was very gradual . A very slow contact with the water . " As the situation began to settle Thursday evening , the flight 's pilot , Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , emerged as a hero , with praise being heaped on him by passengers , officials and aviation experts . "  I do n't think there 's enough praise to go around for someone who does something like this . This is something you really ca n't prepare for , " said former Delta pilot Denny Walsh . "  You really do n't practice water landings in commercial airplanes . Just the sheer expertise he demonstrated is amazing . " US Airways CEO Doug Parker said it would be premature to speculate about the cause of the accident until the National Transportation Safety Board , which is sending a team to the site , completed an investigation . A source familiar with the situation , however , told CNN the pilot reported a double bird strike , but it was unclear whether that meant birds in both engines or two birds in one engine . The pilot initially said he needed to go back , and air traffic controllers started to give him clearance to do so , but the pilot said he wanted to head to Teterboro , New Jersey , because it was closer . That was the last transmission from the pilot , the source said . Passenger Alberto Panero said that within a few minutes after takeoff , he heard a loud bang and smelled smoke . Watch passenger say he heard a loud bang " "  That 's when we knew we were going down and into the water . We just hit , and somehow the plane stayed afloat and we were able to get on the raft . It 's just incredible right now that everybody 's still alive . " Passenger Jeff Kolodjay of Norwalk , Connecticut , said he was sitting in seat 22A , near one of the engines . "  The captain came on and said , ` Look , we 're going down . Brace for impact . ' Everyone looked at each other and we said our prayers . I said about five Hail Marys , " said Kolodjay , who was headed to Charlotte to play golf . "  The plane started filling with water pretty quick , " he said . "  It was scary . There was a lady with her baby on my left-hand shoulder , and she was crawling over the seats . " Watch footage of plane in water " Police , fire and Coast Guard boats , along with commercial ferries , were quickly on the scene as passengers lined up on slightly submerged safety chutes . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said later Thursday that the plane was tied to a pier at Battery Park City in lower Manhattan . As night fell , Coast Guard and FDNY boats remained at the scene . President Bush commended those involved in the rescue . "  Laura and I are inspired by the skill and heroism of the flight crew as well as the dedication and selflessness of the emergency responders and volunteers who rescued passengers from the icy waters of the Hudson , " he said . Bloomberg also commended the pilot for not leaving the plane until he had checked to make sure everyone had been been evacuated . "  It would appear that the pilot did a masterful job of landing the plane in the river and then making sure that everybody got out , " Bloomberg said . "  I had a long conversation with the pilot , " Bloomberg said . "  He walked the plane twice after everybody else was off , and tried to verify that there was nobody else on board , and assures us there were not . " "  There is a heroic pilot , " said Gov. David Paterson . "  We have had a miracle on 34th Street , I believe we now have a miracle on the Hudson . " The temperature in New York was 20 degrees about the time of the crash off Manhattan 's west side . See map of crash site " Dr. Gabriel Wilson , associated medical director of the emergency room at Roosevelt Hospital , said 55 survivors were checked out and cleared to leave from the scene . Those being treated at hospitals included a husband and wife with hypothermia at Roosevelt Hospital , as well as a flight attendant with a leg fracture , hospital spokeswoman Michelle Stiles said . Since 1975 , five large jetliners have had major accidents in which bird strikes played a role , according to the Web site of Bird Strike Committee USA , a volunteer group dedicated to reducing the frequency and severity of the strikes . More than 56,000 bird strikes were reported to the FAA from 1998 to 2004 , according to the group 's Web site . People who believe they may have had relatives on the flight may call US Airways at 1-800-679-8215 within the United States , the airline said . CNN 's Mike Brooks , Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Flight 's pilot , C.B. Sullenberger , emerges as hero of "  miracle on the Hudson " All 155 passengers and crew aboard US Airways Flight 1549 alive , FAA says President says he is inspired by skill , heroism of flight crew , rescue teams Flight was headed from New York to Charlotte , North Carolina
Berlin  CNN  -- A helicopter pilot died after two police helicopters crashed at Berlin 's Olympic Stadium in Germany on Thursday , police said . Two other people were severely injured and several others moderately or slightly injured . Rotors of the two helicopters apparently hit each other as they were landing , federal police spokesman Meik Gauer said . The cause of the crash , which happened about 10:15 a.m.  5:15 a.m. ET  , is not yet known , police said .	Two police helicopters crash in Berlin The pilot of one helicopter died Two other people were severely injured , police say
CNN  -- The blue clay used at this year 's Madrid Masters which was severely criticized by world No. 1 Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal has been banned from all ATP World Tour events in 2013 . The announcement was made after a meeting of the ATP Board of Directors in London on Saturday . "  After careful consideration , I have decided that blue clay courts will not be allowed next year . I very much believe in innovation and exploring ways to enhance our sport . While the blue clay may have offered better visibility on television , there were clearly issues with the quality of the courts in Madrid this year ... " Executive Chairman and President Brad Drewett said in a statement . "  Regardless of color , we must first ensure that courts are safe and fair for players , " he added . Kvitova : ` Tennis without pressure is boring ' It brings an abrupt end to the use of the surface pioneered by former Romanian tennis star turned businessman Ion Tiriac as a way of improving visibility for television viewers . "  Ion has been a great supporter of the game for many years and I continue to encourage his ideas , including the testing of blue clay at non-ATP World Tour events . At this time , however , it 's clear that further development is required before it can be considered for use at the ATP World Tour level , " Drewett said . Can Djokovic and Kvitova emulate Wimbledon greats ? The move ensures that both Nadal and Djokovic will return to play in Madrid next year after threatening to boycott the event if the blue clay was retained . After losing to fellow Serb Janko Tipsarevic in straight sets on the surface last month , Djokovic said he wanted to "  forget this week " and move on to "  real " clay courts . ` You can not be serious ! ' Tennis ' top tantrums "  It took me at least a week to try to get used to this surface and somehow find a way to win matches and play a decent level of tennis . There is no discussion in my eyes , it 's very simple . No blue clay for me , " Djokovic said . Ukrainian player Sergiy Stakhovsky also joined the chorus of disapproval tweeting in May that the "  blueclay court 6 " was "  the worst court of @ATPWorldTour . " "  Ha ! Blue clay . . It looks like something Smurfs would play on , " ran another tweet from Croatain Ivo Karlovic .	Blue clay used at Madrid Masters this year has been banned by the ATP for all 2013 World Tour events Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic voiced disapproval after losing matches on surface Surface pioneered by former Romanian tennis star and businessman Ion Tiriac
NEW YORK  CNN  -- "  My One and Only " begins with Renee Zellweger , playing a woman based on George Hamilton 's mother Anne , discovering her husband with another woman . Renee Zellweger plays a woman based on George Hamilton 's mother in "  My One and Only . " Despite the initial heartbreak , Anne puts on a happy face , and Zellweger gives life to a character who 's determined to make the rest of her years comfortable and adventurous . Her husband 's indiscretion is the catalyst that sends Anne on a cross-country quest to find a new husband in 1953 America . She pulls her two sons out of school in New York City and the trio set off on an adventure by car . The tale has its roots in actor George Hamilton 's young life . The film takes a look at gender roles of the time and how women were perceived . Much of the film gets colored in by the characters and their ever-present emotions  though Zellweger 's fabulous frocks add plenty of color on their own  . Zellweger , who won an Oscar for "  Cold Mountain , " spoke with CNN about "  My One And Only , " George Hamilton and the way she believes she is perceived . Watch Zellweger talk about playing Hamilton 's mother " CNN : What do you think of George Hamilton as a person now , knowing what he went through in his youth ? Renee Zellweger : I think it 's so fascinating . It was probably my favorite part of this experience , discovering that this was actually his life story . I mean , who knew ? You have an idea about who a person is based on their public persona and the work that they 've done . He 's a spectacular actor , and his collection of parts that he 's played and work that he 's done is unbelievable . ... But to get to know him , he 's so interesting . He 's so clever , and he 's very kind . Very kind . CNN : You 're playing Hamilton 's mother . Did he fill you in on what she was like ? Zellweger : No . You know , that 's what 's so interesting about it . -LSB- Despite -RSB- being such a personal ... project that he worked on so closely with Merv Griffin for over a decade ... he did n't . He had great faith and he just kind of let us go , which was sort of unbelievable when you look back on it . It was really clear to me from what was on the page who she was . CNN : Did you like her ? Zellweger : Very much . She 's kind of doing the best she can , and she thought , oh everything 's kind of a lark ... and things work out without your having to put your hands on it and make it happen . But she learns a different way and a more satisfying way to be involved in her own life , which is wonderful . So she sort of discovered that she could and gave herself permission to be in charge of herself . It was kind of a wonderful journey to watch . CNN : She was judged on her looks many times in the film . Have you faced similar situations , being judged on your looks and people not taking you seriously ? Zellweger : Not in such an overt way . I 'm not an actress who made her way based on physicality -- I think quite the opposite , in fact . I sort of disappear a little bit , with respect to my looks . I 'm lucky . I 'm not a standout , kind of knockout kind of girl that , you know , it 's all about my great hair or something . But , in subtle ways , maybe . I mean , people presume to know you for something and respond to you accordingly , I 'm sure . CNN : How was it stepping into the era of old Hollywood ? Did you enjoy wearing the clothes from the early '50s ? Zellweger : I loved it . I loved it . I had such a great time with it , and I brought a lot of my own things , actually . Things that have been given to me , things that I just would find while I 'm traveling on the road but have no opportunity to wear . You know , junk store finds that I think are spectacular . We brought them in , spruced them up and made them costumes . It was really exciting ; it was fun . CNN : Do you think you would have liked to work in that era ? Zellweger : Oh , yes and no . Yes because the glamour of it all or the -- it feels like play to me . It 's like playing dress-up all the time . And no because of the responsibility of having to maintain that immaculate presentation all the time would be exhausting . I think back on Marilyn Monroe putting those lashes on everyday , and I ca n't imagine , as I tie up my sneakers to go for a run . I can not imagine that you 're supposed to simultaneously look beautiful while you 're going out to buy groceries . I just do n't know that it would fit well with my personality . I do n't know that I would succeed  laughs  .	Renee Zellweger plays character based on George Hamilton 's mother in new film Zellweger says she 's "  lucky , " generally not judged on her looks Character was a joy to play -- particularly the immersion in '50s era of clothes
CNN  -- It 's 7:20 a.m. and Carl Daikeler has n't worked out yet . Not a big deal for the 49 % of Americans who do n't exercise regularly , but it 's going to bother him all day . The problem is the CEO of Beachbody , the company behind P90X and Insanity , does n't like to work out . So much so that he sometimes has to "  trick " himself into the gym . Like the time he decided he could n't brush his teeth before he worked out for at least 10 minutes . That little ploy inspired Beachbody 's 10-Minute Trainer program . The fitness industry is constantly coming up with similar tricks to get more of us off the couch , Daikeler said . The result is a rotation of incoming and outgoing trends -- from Jane Fonda 's VHS tapes in the early '80s to Beachbody 's DVD programs that are popular today . Daikeler compares fitness to fashion . "  Somebody starts wearing a certain shoe in Milan or Japan and suddenly everybody wants to wear it , " he said . "  It does n't just solve the problem -- like shoes cover your feet . It makes you feel like it 's  a part of  your identity . " Starla Kay teaches youth video classes at the Indiana Black Expo in Indianapolis . She has a 19-month-old son and not a lot of time for a workout program that does n't work . She tried kickboxing , aerobics and just going to the gym , but nothing really stuck until she got one of this year 's hot trends , P90X . "  This is the first actual program I 've done , " she said . "  I feel stronger . I feel like I have more energy . I 've lost 9 pounds so far . " The American College of Sports Medicine publishes a yearly survey of the top worldwide fitness trends . The top 10 list for 2011 includes boot camps and programs aimed at older adults . Trends depend on many factors , said the survey 's lead author , Walt Thompson . Take Pilates , which dropped off the survey 's list from No. 9 last year . Thompson believes the economy made Pilates equipment and specialized instructors too expensive for clubs to maintain . He 's not sure if Pilates will make a return to the top 20 , but he does n't expect a few of this year 's trends to stick around long . "  The problem with the high-intensity kind of programs is that they deliver a punch like severe weight loss programs do , but they 're difficult to comply with in the long haul , " he said . Remember the slide board ? Tae Bo ? Step aerobics ? All trends Houston , Texas , YMCA senior program director Karen Behrend has seen come and go in her 28 years of teaching group fitness . "  The reason why programs like that do n't stick is because they 're too hard to do , " she said . "  The things that really stick are programs that cross over multiple  ability  levels . " Kay said when she first attempted the P90X DVD program it was "  too much " so she dropped it after two weeks . But when she started attending a class with an instructor who taught her how to modify the moves , she found herself returning six days a week at 7 a.m. Behrend cites classes like Zumba , body pump and spinning as success stories . They 're consistent , easy to follow and include that always important element of fun . "  They make people feel successful , " IDEA Fitness Journal Editor-in-chief Sandy Todd Webster said . "  That 's a huge key in good programming is to make people feel like ` Wow , I get it . ' " IDEA is the world 's largest association for fitness and wellness professionals . It also does a yearly survey of fitness trends . This year , aerobics , water fitness and martial arts-based classes had the largest decline in popularity . Dance and boot camp classes showed the largest growth . "  Think Jazzercise classes -- they 're fun . They combine good music , easy choreography  and  social aspects , " Webster said . Jazzercise is one of those trends that stuck . Judi Sheppard Missett founded the company in 1969 and the dance-based classes are still popular across the world . In fact , Entrepreneur Magazine recently named Jazzercise 2011 's most successful fitness franchise . "  It 's not like you can take a six-week course and be fit the rest of your life , " Missett said . "  It 's really good that people are coming up with different ways to move . I 'm happy for anybody doing anything , anything that gets them off the couch and on their feet . " She continues to choreograph routines to approximately 30 new songs every 10 weeks to keep her high member retention rate . It is the beauty and curse of the industry , Behrend said . Old trends evolve into new ones , forcing gyms to stay cutting edge , but keeping customers excited about working out . "  The trick only lasts so long , " Daikeler said , going back to his fashion analogy . "  The best designers are n't looking for trends ; the best designers set the trends . Will this capture a market audience or is this like Lady Gaga 's meat dress ? " Daikeler said he just hopes whatever the industry comes up with next is the end of the biggest trend in America right now : obesity .	Fitness industry constantly coming up with tricks to get more of us off the couch P90X has earned $ 420 million in sales for Beachbody since 2005 Jazzercise began in 1969 and classes are still popular across the world
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Emergency workers have recovered all 28 bodies from a collapsed tunnel at an underground mine training facility in Indonesia , the mining company said Wednesday . Another 10 people were rescued in the aftermath of the accident , which occurred on May 14 about 500 meters from the entrance of the Big Gossan Mine , according to PT Freeport Indonesia , which mines gold , copper and silver in the region . The Indonesian government said a tunnel roof collapsed after a landslide . The facility is in the eastern Indonesian province of Papua . PT Freeport has said mining operations , which ceased during the rescue and recovery operations , will remain suspended indefinitely . It says it will launch an independent investigation into the cause of the incident . "  With the recovery work completed we are now focusing on reviewing safety throughout our underground operations and in determining what caused the collapse . We will take all actions required to provide for the safety of our work force , " said Richard Adkerson , President and CEO of Freeport . "  Our workforce has always been , and will continue to be , our top priority . Our goal in all our worldwide operations has been to reduce incidents and avoid fatalities . Fatalities are unacceptable for our company . "  We are in the process of assembling an outside investigation team comprised of Indonesian and international experts in underground mining and geotechnical science . We will be transparent in the investigation and its findings and cooperating with the authorities from the Government of Indonesia . " Dozens dead in Sudan mine collapse CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report	NEW : 28 bodies recovered after last week 's tunnel collapse , mining company says A total of 10 people have been rescued The accident happened in the eastern province of Papua Company plans to hold joint investigation with Indonesian officials
CNN  -- Serena Williams came from a set down against Maria Sharapova to win the Miami Masters for a record sixth time on Saturday . After a slow start , the world No. 1 sprang into life in stunning fashion , winning the last 10 games of the match to eventually prevail 4-6 6-3 6-0 . Williams ' win -- the 48th of her career -- means she surpasses the previous all-time title mark that she jointly held with Germany 's Steffi Graf . "  Maria definitely pushed me -- she did a really great job today , " Williams said , WTATennis.com reported . "  I look forward to our next matches -- it 's going to be really fun for the fans and for us and for everyone . " The match was turned on its head in the sixth game of the second set with Sharapova serving at 3-2 . Williams won the game to love before streaking away with the set and the match . Williams joins Martina Navratilova , Steffi Graf and Chris Evert as only the fourth player ever to win any WTA event six times . Defeat for Sharapova means she has now finished runner-up for three successive years in Miami and five times in all . "  It 's disappointing to end it like this but Serena played a great match , and I 'm sure we 'll play a few more times this year , " Sharapova said , WTATennis.com reported .	Serena Williams claims a record sixth Miami Masters title beating Maria Sharapova in three sets Williams surpasses record for most wins at event she had jointly held with Steffi Graf
The fallout over U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin 's controversial comments on rape jolted Republicans nationally on Monday and threatened longer-term consequences for them , potentially reviving the "  war on women " debate and possibly hurting their campaign to win control of the Senate . Republican leaders let out a collective groan when Akin claimed in a television interview on Sunday that "  legitimate rape " rarely resulted in pregnancy , saying that "  the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down . " A social conservative congressman , Akin apologized repeatedly as the political uproar intensified and sought to clarify his remarks , saying he misspoke . Democrats skewered him nevertheless and many top Republicans called for Akin to reconsider his decision to stay in the Missouri race a week before they nominate Mitt Romney for president at their Tampa convention . Abortion moves front and center In an interview with the National Review Online , Romney said that Akin 's comments on rape were "  insulting , inexcusable , and , frankly , wrong . " But Democrats sensed a political opening to shift the conversation away from the sluggish economy , saying that Republicans led by Romney and his running mate , Paul Ryan , were pushing policies that were anti-women . Jennifer Duffy , a senior editor at the Cook Political Report , said Akin potentially reignited the "  war on women " rhetoric that factored prominently in the political debate earlier this year and for a time put Republicans on the defensive . "  It plays into this Democratic messaging that it is not a party friendly to women , " Duffy said . "  As the top political story of the day it is going to be something that plays into the larger narrative that Democrats want in order to appeal to women voters . " A Republican National Committee member who spoke candidly on the condition of anonymity said the issue is "  is not where  Governor  Romney and his ticket want to spend their time " between now and Election Day . President Barack Obama handily won over women voters in the 2008 election and holds an edge with that key bloc in his race with Romney , polls show . A recent Gallup survey showed Obama with an 8 % lead over his Republican rival among women . The "  war on women " label stemmed in part from a fierce political fight in Washington this year over contraception coverage for employees of religiously affiliated institutions . Congress , in addition , waged a partisan fight over updates to the Violence Against Women Act . The Romney campaign has adopted a message that Democrats are the ones waging a "  war on women . " For instance , Romney has accused the Obama 's administration of failing working women . The potential longer-term implications of the Akin controversy also were evident in Republican calls for him to withdraw from his Senate race where incumbent Democrat Claire McCaskill has been trailing in the polls . Republicans were concerned the flare-up would permanently harm their chances of upending McCaskill in November and push them closer to taking control of the Senate . Ron Bonjean , a veteran GOP strategist for several congressional leaders and partner at the political communications firm Singer Bonjean Strategies , said Akin 's comments were "  politically indefensible " and "  virtually guarantees " McCaskill would be re-elected . Outside of Missouri , Republican Sen. Scott Brown , locked in a tough fight in Massachusetts , also called for Akin to step aside . Stuart Rothenberg editor of the Rothenberg Political Report , said he has been told by Republican strategists that Akin is now "  too radioactive . " "  There is a lot of national pressure being put on Akin that he 's not going to be able to raise Republican money and get the party behind him , " Rothenberg said . Akin said he plans to remain in the race . Video of the Akin interview with Missouri television station KTVI was posted online by the liberal super PAC American Bridge .	Rep. Todd Akin 's comments could dash GOP Senate hopes , impact presidential race Mitt Romney and other GOP leaders raced to denounce Akin 's comments Democrats use the comments to stoke "  war on women " campaign rhetoric If Akin stays in the race he could further damage the GOP , strategists say
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI spoke Saturday with the astronauts aboard the International Space Station , and specifically mentioned Cmdr. Mark Kelly 's wife , Gabrielle Giffords , who is recuperating from recent brain surgery . "  I know that Mark and his wife were the victim of a serious attack , and I hope that her health continues to improve , " the pope said . Kelly thanked the pope for mentioning Giffords . The Arizona congresswoman was shot in the head in a January assassination attempt . The two men also talked about how technology used in space may be able to help relations between people on Earth . "  I think it must be obvious to you how we all live together on one Earth , and how absurd it is that we fight and kill each one , " the pontiff said . "  We fly over most of the world and we do n't see borders , but at the same time we realize that people fight with each other and there is a lot of violence in this world , " Kelly said . Unlike on Earth , technology on the space station allows for almost unlimited power from the sun , he said . "  If these technologies could be adopted more on Earth , we could possibly reduce some of that violence , " he said . The space shuttle Endeavour launched last Monday on a 16-day mission .	Pope Benedict XVI speaks with the astronauts on Saturday They talk about fighting on Earth The pope acknowledges Cmdr. Mark Kelly 's wife , Gabrielle Giffords
While all eyes are on Nelson Mandela 's health , the former South African leader 's legacy is gaining ground in an unlikely place . On Saturday , at a soccer stadium in the north-east of England , the 94-year-old 's messages of peace and equality will be given center stage during a Premier League match involving one of the world 's biggest clubs . However , it is not Manchester United that will be promoting its own "  Mandela Day " and lending its efforts to the anti-racism campaign gathering force around Europe -- but rather its host Sunderland , a team battling to keep its place in the English top flight , and one that is committed to making an impact in one of football 's emerging markets . Mike Farnan was one of the directors responsible for spearheading United 's drive into China and South-East Asia in the late 1990s , and now he is guiding one of the EPL 's less glamorous teams into a region that is actively seeking investment -- Africa . "  There 's so many similarities -- a growing economy , new wealth forming , the people love football , " he told CNN ahead of a match which will be the club 's first big public statement about its work with Mandela 's foundation . While governing bodies , football associations and clubs search for an effective response to the problem of racism , Sunderland is pursuing a more active approach . Television viewers around the world , including an estimated 1.2 billion in Africa who watch EPL games , will see Mandela 's messages on a big screen that would otherwise show commercials . There will be TV commentary in Swahili , Farnan said . Players will warm up in Nelson Mandela Foundation t-shirts , its flag will be displayed by the pitch and drummers from Burundi will entertain the crowd , who will be asked to donate to the South African charity . On the surface it may seem like an advertising gimmick , but Farnan says Sunderland is serious about its involvement with Mandela 's group and about its relationship with Africa . "  We have links with academies in Canada and the Caribbean but nothing like this . This is a first . Our whole focus is now Africa , " the club 's marketing director said . It happened almost by chance . Having been approached in 2011 by the "  Invest in Africa " initiative started by the Tullow Oil company , which was impressed by Sunderland 's Foundation of Light program for kids in the community , a two-year shirt sponsorship deal followed last June . "  It opened our eyes to this huge continent who 's screaming out , ` We love football , we love the Premier League , ' " Farnan said . It led to further interest from African businesses , and link-ups with clubs in Ghana , South Africa and Tanzania . "  The Mandela conversations took place following that , " Farnan said . "  We had read about the foundation and legacy program . What made us contact them was that this whole racism problem started popping its head up again in European football and it was unhealthy . "  Of course , Nelson Mandela is the torchbearer of equality and racism issues , and we felt that as a club working in Africa would it not be an idea to see if there was anything we could do , utilize him and support him in that message . " Before deciding on the partnership , its first with a major sporting organization , Mandela 's foundation staff visited Sunderland to see its community program , which works with more than 40,000 young people and their families each year . It plays a vital role in a region which has been hit hard in recent decades by economic recession and the demise of its coal mining and shipbuilding industries . Sunderland 's present stadium is actually situated on the former site of the region 's last coal mine . Now owned by American billionaire Ellis Short , the club -- formed by school teachers back in 1879 -- is a focal point for the locals . "  They are the most genuine , down-to-earth folk that you 'll ever meet in the UK . I 'm an outsider who 's come in but I feel it 's a very friendly community , " said Farnan , an Irishman . "  If you play for the club you 're a hero to them . " Sunderland 's links with "  Madiba " go further than his foundation -- Farnan recently discovered that one of the club 's fans was an activist with the African National Congress when Mandela was in prison . "  He ended up becoming a UN supervisor when Mandela got out and was actually at the stadium when he was released  in 1990  . It 's an amazing story , " Farnan said . Beyond promoting Mandela 's key legacy objectives , Sunderland can also expect to do significant business , according to Tullow Oil 's chief executive Aidan Heavy . "  Sunderland will become the Premier League club in Africa , " Heavy said when the shirt sponsorship deal was announced . "  Everybody will be wearing the Sunderland shirt , every kid in every school will want a Sunderland shirt which says ` Invest in Africa , ' believe me . It will be the number one club . " That sounds fanciful given the popularity of top EPL clubs such as Manchester United , Manchester City , Chelsea and Arsenal , who have all fielded top African players , but Farnan has high hopes . "  If you 've got Africa written on your shirt and you 're promoting the continent and you 're in the Premier League , definitely without question it highlights you , " he said . "  The Premier League , as an entity , is almost bigger than Manchester United , Arsenal , Chelsea -- every team involved down to the lowest fan base , they get massive exposure . People are aware of who they are . "  A few years back people might not have known about Wigan -- now everyone knows that there is a Wigan and they play Manchester United twice a year . " Sunderland 's own profile has been raised by the presence of prominent British politician David Miliband on its board , where he is vice-chairman . Miliband plans to continue his role at the club despite deciding to move to the United States , where he will work for the International Rescue Committee -- a humanitarian relief and development organization . Miliband , a former foreign secretary in Britain 's previous Labour government , played a key role in establishing Sunderland 's African interests . "  He was out at the foundation last week in South Africa talking to over a hundred leading personalities in Africa about how we will support the program , " Farnan said . Sunderland will undertake a preseason tour of South Africa in July , based around Mandela 's birthday on the 18th of that month , and Farnan said the players would be actively involved with the foundation 's programs -- which the club has agreed to support for the next three years . "  I 'm over there almost every month now in parts of Africa , " Farnan said . "  People want to talk to us , they are genuinely interested in the fact that we 've linked with football clubs . We 've got fulltime staff working in Africa , we 're proactive , we 're not just going out for a preseason tour and disappearing . "	English soccer club will promote this weekend 's match as "  Nelson Mandela Day " Sunderland is hosting league leader Manchester United in the Premier League Team has agreed a partnership with Mandela 's foundation and will promote its cause Sunderland has shirt sponsorship from the "  Invest in Africa " business initiative
CNN  -- Lynne Cheney has spent decades studying and admiring the nation 's fourth president , James Madison . Her new book , "  James Madison : A Life Reconsidered " is a labor of political admiration that began five years ago and culminated in a historical journey in which Madison , the father of the Constitution , also becomes a prophet of productive conservatism . She considers his impact generally under-appreciated but incredibly profound . Cheney hopes her book will complete the record on Madison 's important role in the Republican Party  $ " as well as on his personal demeanor and political vision . "  We talked about his being reserved and reticent . And his friends thought that it was going to damage his political career , but it did n't . He had such gifts . And they came shining through , his amazing intellect , his political skill , that when you combine with modesty , he became an evermore admirable figure , " she told CNN . Her personal journey In a wide-ranging interview , Cheney also spoke about her own personal political journey  $ " as a second lady , historian and mother  $ " and the impact of the public feud last year between her daughters over the issue of same-sex marriage . The family , she now says , is a "  happy family . " She considers Madison the prophet of small government . He pushed for a strong central government early in his political career when he served in the early House of Representatives , but he started having some doubts . "  Madison began to worry about too strong a government , " Cheney told CNN . He founded the nation 's first political party . "  That political party led to an era of partisanship in the 1790 's that 's the equal of anything we have today , " she said . When asked if that partisanship was worse or better today than when the government first began , she recounted how mean the politics of the 18th and early 19th centuries were . "  Alexander Hamilton was revealed as an adulterer in the pages of the newspaper . Dolley Madison  James Madison 's wife  was attacked . ... So , it was every bit as vicious , I think , as today is . And Madison was really responsible for it by starting this Labor Party . " Does she think this politics of personal destruction is a terrible thing ? "  Madison would n't have thought so . " When asked about her views , she responded , "  I do n't think so either . ... Its what happens when you have free and open debate . " Controversial politics Cheney is no stranger to controversial politics . Her husband , Dick Cheney , was a House GOP backbencher before becoming a member of the majority leadership and vice president . He became a chief defender of the Iraq War and the controversial terrorism interrogation policies on terror detainees used by the George W. Bush administration in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks . "  I 'd like to take some of the edge off it , trust me . You know , I 've been through this , " she said . The most recent trial by fire occurred when her family had to confront fallout from her daughter Liz 's bid for a U.S. Senate seat from Wyoming . After Liz reiterated her opposition to same-sex marriage , her sister , Mary , who is gay and married , lashed out . "  Liz , this is n't just an issue on which we disagree . You 're just wrong - and on the wrong side of history , " Mary wrote on Facebook . Dick and Lynne Cheney felt the need to issue a statement to try to calm the tensions . How does a parent deal with all of that ? "  My underlying philosophy is that you should try to keep family matters within the family . And I think it was , you know , unfortunate that happened , " Lynne Cheney told CNN . "  It 's hard to have two wonderful daughters who see things differently . ... The disadvantage is that it becomes a public dispute . And I just do n't wan na do anything to continue that trend . It 's not good for family generally to do that , and I do n't think it 's good for ours . " She said the advice she would give other families who are going through these types of issues is to "  just love your kids . ... I love them unconditionally . I ca n't think of a greater gift that any parent can give a child . " About her position on same-sex marriage , she said , "  I think Dick actually had the classic formulation . He said , ` Freedom means freedom for everyone . ' I think that 's a principle we can all agree on , " she said . ' A happy family ' When asked if there had been a reconciliation between her daughters she responded , "  We 're a happy family . " Dick and Lynne Cheney now spend a majority of their time in Wyoming , not in Washington . But they both are still very much into politics -- of all centuries . "  Madison was the man who said we 're a government of laws , not men .  President Barack  Obama seems to be showing us that we can be a government of man and not laws . So it is ... how can you evaluate the two of them in the same breath ? I ca n't see it , " she said . While the former vice president has been very vocal in his opposition to some of Obama 's policies , especially national security , former President George W. Bush has vowed not to comment publicly on policy matters or his successor . Asked why the former President has decided not to engage , Mrs. Cheney said "  I have no idea . But he seems to be content and happy and I look forward to seeing him and Mrs. Bush next week . " Do the Cheneys and Bushes keep in touch ? "  Well , I 'm going to be at the Bush Library -- talking about James Madison . " Jeb and Hillary As for some of those who may run for President in 2016 , she said former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush would make a "  great contribution " if he ran . "  He has to sort that out . It is so hard to run for President that -- you know , you have to be sure in your own heart and that 's what you wan na do . And he 'll figure that out , " she said . She was more sure about Hillary Clinton . "  I in fact do n't even understand what the debate is about - will she or wo n't she . She 's running . " She added , "  you know she was defeated in this 2008 election in the primary . And we did n't see that coming . So I 'm not sure I could , I could predict that one for you . " For their part Dick and Lynne Cheney are getting ready to celebrate their 50th wedding anniversary . Asked if they miss being at the center of the political universe , she said , "  That was a great time and a time that both of us enjoyed . But it 's , you know , it 's one stage of your life and you move on to another one . We 're in our Western years now . " Gloria Borger is CNN 's chief political analyst .	Lynne Cheney has written a new book on President James Madison In an interview with CNN , she also talks about politics and her family Jeb Bush would make "  a great contribution " if he ran for president She thinks Hillary Clinton is indeed running for the White House
CNN  -- A prosecutor in the Casey Anthony trial said Wednesday that jurors might have acquitted her even if she had opened herself up to a tough cross-examination by taking the stand . "  From what I am understanding from those few hints we 've gotten from the jury ... it sounds like their decision was based simply on the state 's case . I do n't know if she would have said anything that would have changed that , " assistant state attorney Jeff Ashton said on HLN 's "  Dr. Drew . " Casey Anthony 's lawyer , meanwhile , said that her acquittal signified justice for little Caylee Anthony , 2 , who prosecutors unsuccessfully argued died at the hands of her mother . "  Caylee would never have wanted her mother to suffer this way , " defense attorney Jose Baez told Barbara Walters of ABC News . "  Caylee certainly never wanted her mother to die . " After less than 11 hours of deliberation , a jury Tuesday found Casey Anthony not guilty of first-degree murder and the other most serious charges . But the jury convicted her on four misdemeanor counts of providing false information to law enforcement officers . She will be sentenced Thursday . Juror Jennifer Ford told ABC News that she and the other jurors cried and were "  sick to our stomachs " after voting to acquit Anthony . "  I did not say she was innocent , " said Ford , who had previously only been identified as juror number 3 . "  I just said there was not enough evidence . If you can not prove what the crime was , you can not determine what the punishment should be . " An unidentified male juror told the St. Petersburg Times there was n't enough evidence . "  I wish we had more evidence to put her away , " the juror said . "  I truly do ... " Ashton told Dr. Drew Pinsky he saw a juror in tears at the time the verdict was read . "  I have to believe that they honestly thought they were doing the right thing based on the law and evidence as they saw it . " The prosecutor also likened juries to a "  dice game . You never know . You throw the dice . " Ashton said that three pieces of duct tape found on Caylee 's skull were crucial to the state meeting the burden of proof . "  If it did n't tell the jury the same story it told me , so be it , " he said . In an interview earlier Wednesday , Ashton recalled his shock at the verdict . "  When I heard the ` not guilty ' on the child abuse , I knew that was it , " he said . "  I remember mouthing ` wow ' four or five times to myself . " Ashton , speaking with InSession 's Beth Karas , said he is convinced there was no evidence that Caylee died accidentally in 2008 . Prosecutors alleged Casey Anthony used chloroform to render her daughter unconscious and then duct-taped her mouth and nose to suffocate her . They said that she put the child 's body in the trunk of her car for a few days before disposing of it . Caylee 's skeletal remains were discovered December 11 , 2008 , by former Orange County meter reader Roy Kronk . Defense attorneys maintained the child drowned in the Anthony 's above-ground pool on June 16 , and that Casey Anthony and her father , George Anthony , panicked upon finding her there and covered up the death . George Anthony denied that in his testimony . Ashton told InSession that Casey Anthony showed premeditation by "  her leaving with Caylee and her never being seen again . " The prosecutor acknowledged no expert determination of a cause of death was significant . Still , Ashton said , he would like to know how duct tape came to be found on Caylee 's skull . Ashton also spoke of confrontations at pre-trial hearings and during the trial with Baez . "  For Jose , everybody that was on the other side was the enemy and was lying and was this and that , " Ashton said . "  We went through a lot of accusations and there were times when I responded to them . We fought hard and I fight hard with most people I went to trial with . " There will be no legal restrictions on Casey Anthony profiting on the details of this case , cashing in on deals for movies , books or interviews , analysts say . Prosecutors on Wednesday filed a motion seeking reimbursement by Anthony , based on her convictions , for special costs related to investigation and prosecution . Much was made of Casey Anthony 's behavior , included partying , after Caylee disappeared . "  We judge people pretty harshly . We judge them as if we know how we would react in their shoes , " Baez told ABC . "  We are not in their shoes . We have not lived the life they have lived . " "  People respond to trauma in various ways , " Baez said , adding he is concerned about Anthony 's personal security . After 30 years , Ashton is retiring . He put that off to help handle the Anthony case . "  This case was the most fascinating , complex , the most challenging case that I could possibly hope for , " he said . "  Everything after this would just be boring . " CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutor says jurors thought they did the right thing Verdict brought justice for Caylee , defense attorney says Ashton claims Anthony showed premeditation in the death of Caylee , 2 The Florida prosecutor is retiring
CNN  -- Last year , Gideons International distributed more than 84 million printed copies of the Bible around the world to students , hospitals , members of the military and , of course , hotels , where they are a ubiquitous sight in bedside tables . Starting this month , however , the InterContinental Hotels Group is modernizing that mission at one of its hotels , replacing the paper tomes with electronic versions of the Bible loaded on Kindle e-readers . Each of the 148 rooms at the chain 's Hotel Indigo in Newcastle , England , will be outfitted with a Kindle with Wi-Fi . Guests can use the e-ink devices to catch up on scripture , as well as purchase and read any other books available in the Amazon Kindle store . The hotel was chosen for the pilot program because of its rich literary and publishing history : It 's a few blocks from the Philosophical Society of Newcastle , one of the largest independent libraries in the UK . If it 's a success , InterContinental could expand it to other locations , and other hotels might follow its lead . The hotel 's Bible-on-a-Kindle initiative has no connection to Gideons , a Tennessee-based Evangelical group and association of Christian professional men founded in 1899 . However , the nonprofit group has no reservations about the hotel 's program . "  Anything to put the Bible in people 's hands is a good thing , " Gideons spokesman Ken Stephens said . "  It is a fascinating idea , and I 'm sure somehow , some way , its time will come for us . But right now just the paper version is the best for what we do . " Stephens pointed out that paper books are more economical for large-scale distribution . Each Gideons Bible costs the organization about $ 5 to print and distribute . Although there are many free e-book versions of the Bible floating around online , a 6-inch Kindle e-reader retails in the U.S. for $ 109  or about $ 139 in the UK  . Given the high price tag , Hotel Indigo is keeping close tabs on the devices . Just like with fluffy hotel robes , the full cost of any pilfered Kindle will be charged to a guest 's credit card . For the first two weeks of the program , the hotel is allowing guests to download any other religious texts they like , up to $ 8 in value , for free . If guests purchase other books to read , the cost will be charged directly to their rooms . However , they ca n't take the books with them , and the Kindles are wiped clean between visitors . "  As downloads will be synced to the hotel 's account , guests will only be able to read the downloaded book during their stay , " an InterContinental representative said . Guests not keen on paying for an e-book they might have to abandon halfway through can choose from the 15,000 free titles in Amazon 's free e-book collection . The Gideons ' hotel Bible project began in the U.S. in 1908 and has spread to 194 countries around the world . The group estimates it has distributed 1.7 billion Bibles in the project 's 104-year history . While distributing pricey e-reading devices is n't much of a threat to Gideons , it 's likely that the proliferation of e-reading features on all mobile devices could make a dent in demand .	Hotel Indigo in England may be the first to replace bedside Bibles with Kindles Gideons International , which gives out 84 million Bibles a year , supports the project A Bible costs Gideons $ 5 to print and distribute ; a Kindle in the UK costs about $ 139 Stolen Kindles will be charged to the guest 's credit card
CNN  -- Too few Americans are willing to talk about sexually transmitted infections , or STIs , but we simply can not afford to avoid these discussions any longer . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently released data showing just how common and costly STIs are in the United States , especially for America 's youth . Each year , we have 20 million new STI cases , half among teens and young adults ages 15 to 24 . Across the nation at any given time , there are more than 110 million total infections , including new and existing infections . While the number of new infections is roughly equal among young women and young men , the health consequences of untreated STIs can be much more serious for young women , including losing the ability to have children . Every year , about 24,000 women in the United States become infertile because of an STI they probably did n't even know they had , because most infections have no symptoms . Left untreated , common STIs such as chlamydia and gonorrhea can also cause chronic pelvic pain , ectopic pregnancy and increase HIV risk . Human papillomavirus , or HPV , is by far the most common STI , representing nearly three-quarters of all STI cases . While the vast majority of HPV infections will not cause serious harm , some infections will persist and can lead to cervical cancer . Beyond the impact on an individual 's health , STIs are also a significant drain on the U.S. health care system . Recent data place the cost of treating STIs at nearly $ 16 billion annually . Infections among young people account for nearly half of that cost  approximately $ 7.8 billion  . Young people are most at risk for several reasons . They are more likely to have multiple sex partners . Young women are biologically more susceptible to STIs , and many young people may be reluctant to disclose their risk behavior to a doctor , because of embarrassment , stigma or concerns about confidentiality . The good news is that all STIs are preventable and most are curable . But , because most STIs have no symptoms , testing is the necessary first step to treatment . CDC recommends annual chlamydia screening for sexually active women 25 years old and under . Annual gonorrhea screening is also recommended for sexually active women with new or multiple sex partners and women who live in communities with a high burden of the disease . Sexually active gay and bisexual men should be tested at least annually for HIV , syphilis , chlamydia and gonorrhea . All Americans should be screened at least once for HIV . In addition , for those who have not previously received the HPV vaccination , CDC recommends vaccination for all teen girls and young women through age 26 , as well as teen boys and young men through age 21 . To increase the early diagnosis and treatment of STIs , CDC is reaching out to health care providers and young people at risk throughout the nation with messages about the importance of screening . But many more voices will be required to stop the silent , continuing toll of STIs . In our communities , we must speak out against the shame and stigma that has too long been associated with STIs . Parents and caregivers need to open the door for frank , honest discussions with their children about STIs and behaviors that can place them at risk . And physicians need to talk to their young patients about STIs , risk behaviors and effective prevention methods . Sexually active Americans should talk with their doctor about STIs and which tests may be right for them . A little knowledge about STIs and regular screening can go a long way . It 's also important for those who are sexually active to talk openly and honestly with partners about STIs , and to use condoms consistently and correctly . The severe health and economic toll of STIs in America is entirely preventable . With increased awareness , prevention , testing and treatment we can bring this hidden epidemic into the spotlight and safeguard the health of young people while saving the nation billions of dollars in the process . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gail Bolan .	Gail Bolan : Each year , we have 20 million new STIs cases , half of them among young people Bolan : The health consequences of untreated STIs can be more serious for young women She says most STIs have no symptoms , so testing is the necessary first step to treatment Bolan : STIs are preventable and most are curable , but we need to raise get the word out
CNN  -- Is this the moment the world finally gets to know what really happened in December 2010 when FIFA decided to award the 2018 World Cup to Russia and the 2022 tournament to Qatar ? Football 's world governing body has decided to publish a redacted version of Michael Garcia 's report into alleged corruption surrounding the bidding process for the tournaments after months of delay and intense criticism . The decision did not require a vote and was unanimously endorsed by FIFA 's 25-person executive committee during its two-day meeting in Marrakech , Morocco . "  I have asked the FIFA ExCo to vote in favor of the publication of the 2018/2022 inquiry report by the investigatory chamber , " said FIFA president Sepp Blatter . Blatter also insisted that there would not be a re-vote on the decision to award the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar respectively . "  The report is about history and I am focused on the future , " added Blatter while referring to the recommendation made by Domenico Scala , FIFA 's head of compliance . "  We will not revisit the 2018 and 2022 vote and a report by independent , external legal experts commissioned by Mr. Scala supports the view that there are no legal grounds to revoke the Executive Committee 's decision on the award of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . "  We are already in the process of incorporating recommendations made by independent experts including the ethics committee for how the FIFA World Cup selection process can be improved so that everyone can be confident that the 2026 bidding process will be fair , ethical and open . " In a press conference which followed his statement , he added : "  It would really need an earthquake , extremely important new elements to go back on this World Cup in Qatar . " FIFA says it will confirm the dates for the World Cup in Qatar at its next executive committee meeting in Switzerland in March . It is expected to be held in the winter with fears over the intense heat in the Gulf State . Meanwhile , the report will not be published until current investigations into five individuals are completed , and it 's expected to be heavily redacted . Three members of the committee -- Spain 's Mara Villar Llona , Wowrawi Makudi , of Thailand and Belgium 's Michel D'Hooghe -- were being investigated by Garcia for either alleged code breaches during the bidding process or for failing to comply with his probe Harold Mayne-Nicholls , who led the inspection team visiting the candidates to host the 2018 and 2022 tournaments and former German World Cup winner Franz Beckenbauer are also facing charges from the FIFA ethics committee which both men have denied . Blatter also confirmed that Garcia has been replaced by his deputy , Cornel Borb  ly , who he describes as "  an outstanding lawyer " . "  It is important that the work of the ethics committee continues and that any instances of wrongdoing are fully investigated and their perpetrators pursued and sanctioned , " said Blatter . "  I have been informed that various cases against individuals for alleged rule violations have been opened by the investigatory chamber and are currently under review by the adjudicatory chamber . "  The organization fully supports the rigorous pursuit of these cases . And , while FIFA as an organization does not have prosecutorial powers , we have provided information and the full report from Mr. Garcia to the Swiss General Attorney 's Office and have pledged our cooperation . " Michel Platini , head of UEFA , the European governing body , also welcomed the decision to publish the report . "  It was important that the FIFA Executive Committee decided today to publish the Garcia report , " he said on Twitter via his spokesman , Pedro Pinto . "  I have always battled for transparency and this is a step in the right direction . "  Let us hope that the report can now be published as quickly as possible . The credibility of FIFA depends on it . " The move comes just days after Garcia resigned from his role citing a "  lack of leadership " at the top of world football 's governing body . Garcia quit following FIFA 's rejection of his appeal after he had launched a complaint about how his report had been summarized by Hans-Joachim Eckert -- FIFA 's independent ethics judge . "  I disagree with the Appeal Committee 's decision , " said the American lawyer -- now chairman of the Investigatory Chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee -- in a public statement . "  It now appears that , at least for the foreseeable future , the Eckert Decision will stand as the final word on the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup bidding process . "  No independent governance committee , investigator , or arbitration panel can change the culture of an organization . " Blatter said he was surprised by Garcia 's resignation but that the "  work of the Ethics Committee will nonetheless continue . " "  Pending the election of a new chairman of the Ethics Committee by the FIFA Congress , the FIFA Executive Committee will appoint an acting chairman to serve as a replacement for Mr Garcia , " added Blatter , who will be at FIFA ExCo 's meeting in Marrakech on Thursday and Friday . Garcia 's decision to leave his role came following months of frustration for the New York Attorney . In September , when he completed his report , he spoke out and declared that it should be made public but with redactions to ensure witness confidentiality was not compromised . FIFA rejected his request on the grounds that witness confidentiality for his work could prove difficult to sustain if the report was published and threatened to sanction him for his outburst . Then Eckert published his summary , prompting Garcia to respond by saying the German judge 's 42-page report contained "  numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations . " FIFA has been under increasing pressure from the media and football fans to publish the report and embrace a period of reform . Sponsors such as Visa and Coca-Cola have both gone public with their grievances over FIFA 's lack of transparency , while Sony will not be renewing its deal when it ends at the end of this year . Widespread skepticism over the way Russia and Qatar won the rights to host the next two tournaments remain , despite both countries being cleared of any wrongdoing by Eckert 's summary . Both Russia and Qatar have always denied they were involved in any wrongdoing during the bidding process . The outcome of the vote is unlikely to hinder Blatter 's chances of retaining the presidency when the elections are held in May . Blatter , who is 78 , is poised to win a fifth term in office and faces little opposition with votes from Asia , Africa and South America already assured . UEFA has yet to publicly back a candidate , but it has distanced itself from the bid by Frenchman Jerome Champagne , the only man to have publicly announced his plan to stand against Blatter . Frenchman Platini , the UEFA president , has ruled out running against Blatter but there is now a race against time for his organization to thrown their weight behind a candidate . One option for UEFA would be Prince Ali Bin Al-Hussein , the Jordanian Prince , who is also a vice-president of FIFA . Al-Hussein is one of the most forward thinking members of the ExCo and publicly backed the publishing of the report . Yet Al-Hussein could be thwarted by his own confederation by the Asian Football Confederation , which has already pledged its support to Blatter . If Al-Hussein is unable to secure the support of his own confederation it would mean his challenge would be over before it had even begun .	FIFA will publish Michael Garcia 's report into world cup Redacted version will be made available to public Garcia resigned from his role earlier this week U.S. lawyer hit out at "  lack of leadership " from FIFA
GREENVILLE , South Carolina -- Some are girlish 22-year-olds ; others are women approaching 40 . They come from South Carolina 's rural counties and its booming cities . They are loud and muted , lively and vacant , hopeful and desperate . A pregnant Ashley Hendrix sought treatment at Serenity Place for her painkiller addiction . As different as they are , they share a connection to two powerful forces : their addictions and their babies . They are swallowed by the same shameful past . They do n't know if they can be good mothers . They do n't know if they can be clean mothers . They 're here at a state-run drug-treatment program to learn how to do both . On this summer day , Ashley Hendrix , 24 , is eight months pregnant with her first child and one of 16 women at the Phoenix Center 's Serenity Place . This is her last shot to get clean -- or face jail . South Carolina 's state supreme court is alone in upholding the prosecution of pregnant women for the damage drugs might do to their unborn children . Across the country , local and state agencies have found ways to prosecute pregnant women for drug use , but the cases are often rejected by the courts . And judges in more than two dozen states have overturned decisions that criminalize pregnant addicts . In recent years , Missouri and North Dakota have ruled against charging pregnant women with neglect and endangerment . Illegal substances -- marijuana , methamphetamine , cocaine and prescription drugs -- consumed Hendrix for more than a decade . "  To this day , I still cry about it , " she said , "  that if anything does come out wrong with my baby , I know that my drug use is the reason why . Since 1989 , at least 126 women in South Carolina have been arrested during their pregnancies , according to the National Advocates for Pregnant Women . Most were charged with drug and alcohol use that posed harm to the fetus the woman was carrying . During the same period , only about 80 pregnant women were arrested on similar charges in all other states combined . "  Word on the street " in South Carolina , says Stephen Donaldson , program manager of a drug-treatment facility in Charleston County , "  is if you use during pregnancy , you 're being prosecuted or you 're losing your baby . " Over the last 15 years , that message has driven many women to Serenity Place , a residential treatment center designed for pregnant women and new mothers . Here , the ultimate goal is to help the women recover from their addiction but Serenity also strives to give the women the confidence to become better mothers . They want the women to know there are second chances , and there is hope . "  I 'm grateful everyday for being here and I 'm grateful to have my baby with me , " says a freckled Kim Clark , 28 , who gave birth to her son Jaelyn at the center . "  I 've been using drugs since I was 11 years old . I did n't know any other life . And I 've learned a lot about myself . I 've been taught things here . " She graduated in August , has her own apartment now and works to support herself and her son . Some women arrive here voluntarily . Others were sent by the state 's Department of Social Services . Others made a plea bargain with the courts , allowing them one last chance at treatment to avoid prison . "  My biggest fear was the -LSB- health of the -RSB- baby , but right behind that was that ` I 'm going to go to jail ' , " says Sandria Doremus , one of Hendrix ' classmates at Serenity . Afraid of being turned in for her opiate addiction , she delayed getting prenatal care . "  I should have gone in a lot sooner , " she admits . Doremus , 37 , arrived at Serenity after a hospital reported her drug use to law enforcement officials , as required by law . She has sandy blond hair and warm blue eyes that open up her leathered face . She cuddled her 8-month-old son , Matthew , when CNN visited the center in July . Born with heroin in his system , Matthew was placed on methadone . Today , he is healthy , but studies show drug-exposed babies can face developmental delays and learning disabilities in later years . Watch the women of Serenity Place share their story " In 1997 , the South Carolina Supreme Court ruled that a fetus in the third trimester was viable and charges of child abuse , neglect and murder could apply to the mother . Some treatment providers and advocacy experts say this ruling opened the door for prosecutors to charge pregnant women . "  These are addicts who become pregnant , " says Lynn Paltrow , executive director of the National Advocates for Pregnant Women . "  They are n't women who chose to use drugs after becoming pregnant . " ` If I did n't have pills , I felt like I had nothing ' Hendrix 's drug addiction started long before her pregnancy . She was born into a world of drugs . She says her mother was an addict , her father a violent alcoholic who once held a shotgun to her grandmother 's head . Hendrix 's grandparents rescued her at age 3 by taking her into their home in rural Union , South Carolina . She has fond memories of her grandfather , but one morning , shortly after her 12th birthday , Hendrix watched her 54-year-old grandfather die from a heart attack . The innocent girl started experimenting with drugs , partly because she could n't cope with her feelings , she says , but mostly to fit in . By the time she turned 18 , marijuana use gave way to cocaine and methamphetamine . Then she discovered prescription painkillers : Lower tabs . OxyContin . Percocet . "  It was n't even about being high anymore . It was just being able to cope with everyday life , " Hendrix says . "  If I did n't have the pills , I felt like I had nothing . " Hendrix could no longer leave bed without the painkillers . Her routine consisted of melting OxyContin pills with water , placing the mixture into a syringe and shooting up , even during her pregnancy . By April of this year , she was six months pregnant and on probation for stealing jewelry to feed her drug habit . She took herself to Serenity Place . Tucked alongside empty factories in a once-thriving textile district , the center looks more like a college dormitory inside than a sterile treatment center . Homemade posters , photo collages and cards congratulating the women for giving birth are strewn along the hallways . There is a communal kitchen and colorful playgrounds . Research shows women who remain with their children during treatment have better chances of defeating their addictions . But a national study in 2005 found that only 3 percent of treatment centers had programs tailored specifically to pregnant women . About 14 percent of treatment centers accepted pregnant or postpartum women . The women at Serenity Place follow a rigid schedule that includes therapy , parenting classes and chores . They are n't allowed phone calls or the freedom to surf the Internet without permission . Security cameras guard all exits . The structure can be particularly hard for addicts who grew up in dysfunctional households with few rules . Women spend on average six months in treatment . If a woman violates the rules , she can be removed from the program . On some occasions , women have walked out of the center , leaving their newborns behind . Why prosecute ? Why should addicted women be given a chance at motherhood ? What about the welfare of the children ? These are the questions asked by South Carolina prosecutors , known as solicitors general . Several solicitors general contacted by CNN declined to comment on how many such cases they have prosecuted , but they say that charging pregnant women has become less common in the state . Bob Ariail , solicitor of Greenville , says his district 's policy is a far cry from the 1990s , when then-South Carolina Attorney General Charlie Condon , an anti-abortion advocate , publicly declared he would aggressively crack down on pregnant mothers accused of substance abuse . Condon often referred to a fetus as his "  fellow South Carolinian . " Despite several phone calls by CNN , Condon , who is now a private lawyer in South Carolina , could not be reached for comment . In his two decades as a Democratic state representative , Joe Neal of Columbia , South Carolina , has pushed for more drug treatment funding , an effort he says has little chance in these tough economic times . "  Drug treatment ? " says Neal . "  South Carolina 's response to addiction has been incarceration not treatment . " But Wanda McMichael , manager of women 's services at Serenity Place , knows treatment can be beneficial . She guides women like Hendrix and the others through that process . Some who graduated from the program when it began in 1993 still remain clean . "  What 's the other alternative if they do n't come here ? " says McMichael . "  It 's prison . That costs more than treatment , but a lot of people do n't know that . If these women do n't get this treatment , they are going to die . " A healthy baby , a new hope Most of the women at Serenity Place say they were little girls the first time they used drugs , some as young as 8 . Many could not recall what sobriety felt like until they came to the center . Hendrix says her own mother was 15 when she gave birth to her and then abandoned her . "  She was real pretty . Blond hair , pale skin like me , " Hendrix says . "  I have her nose and lips . She just did n't respect herself . " Hendrix does n't want to be like her mother . Her son , who was born July 24 , is healthy . In August , Hendrix left Serenity for an intensive outpatient treatment program , and she and her baby live with her grandmother in Union . Of the 16 women enrolled in Serenity in July , half have graduated , program directors say . Six continue receiving treatment and two have left the center . Three women are on a waiting list to get in , including one who is pregnant . Hendrix hopes to get her GED and enroll in the University of South Carolina to study psychology next year . "  I am happy today , " she says , "  and that 's something I have n't felt in a long time . "  My grandmother . My baby . They make me happy . But you know , it 's not about them , jail or none of that anymore . That all changed . I am doing this for me . "	Serenity Place in South Carolina caters treatment programs to pregnant addicts South Carolina has been known to prosecute women in their third trimester A pregnant Ashley Hendrix sought treatment earlier this year for her addiction "  If these women do n't get this treatment , they are going to die , " a counselor says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Despite the fact that some of the effects of climate change are still imperceptible to all but the most highly trained eyes , there can be no doubting the alarming picture painted by glacier melt . The iPhone application includes audio , video , slideshows and a documentary film . As these rivers of ice retreat back up the valleys they carved out , so scientists ' knowledge of climate change advances , in turn helping us recognize the signs of a warming world . Now a new iPhone app is helping visitors to the Swiss Alps understand how climate change is altering the landscape . Developed by the Oeschger Center for Climate Change Research at the University of Bern in Switzerland and Swiss software company , Texetera , the Jungfrau Climate Guide is an interactive guide to glaciers and climate change . For a fee of 20 CHF  around $ 19  visitors to the Jungfrau Alpine region can hire an iPhone loaded with the app . Kaspar Meuli , Head of Communications at the Oeschger Center , told CNN what people can expect from the device . "  There are many different levels to the application . Audio pieces -- like the ones you might expect to find in a museum guide which guide you through paths on seven different trails . " At different stages along each trail , the phones -- aided by the built-in GPS -- alert visitors to particular points of interest by sounding a yodel . "  For example , " Meuli explained , "  if you are standing in front of a glacier you will be told why it is no longer as big and provided with images of what it looked like 100 years ago , and what it might look like in the future . " There are more than 40 audio guides , plus a range of multimedia offerings including videos , slide shows and a documentary film . There are also sections which describe the various flora on the trails along with information on biodiversity . "  Everyone who tries it is quite fascinated by it , " Meuli said . "  People are realizing that climate change is real when they see the consequences . " The Jungfrau region is home to the upper and lower Grindelwald glaciers , which have retreated rapidly in recent years . In 2008 , the World Glacier Monitoring Service reported that glaciers in some regions of the world were melting away at a rate of more than a meter a year recently . Responding to the 2008 report , Achim Steiner , Executive Director of the U.N. Environmental Program , said : "  Millions , if not billions , of people depend directly or indirectly on these natural water storage facilities for drinking water , agriculture , industry and power generation . " "  There are many canaries emerging in the climate change coal mine , " Steiner added . "  The glaciers are perhaps among those making the most noise . " In the future , Meuli says the University hopes to produce features that can be used by teachers in preparation for taking classes to the glaciers .	New iPhone app is helping visitors to Swiss Alps understand glacier melt The Jungfrau Climate Guide app uses audio , video and slide shows Developed at University of Bern the app examines retreat of Grindelwald glaciers
CNN  -- It 's tight at the top after day two of the PGA Championship at Wentworth , England , with overnight pace-setter Thomas Bjorn tied for the lead at 10-under-par with Ireland 's Shane Lowry . The Dane scored eight birdies and an eagle on Thursday to card a course record 62 but a level-par round on a soggy Friday allowed Lowry to draw level atop the leaderboard . It could have been worse for Bjorn , who dropped two shots on the front nine as the rain lashed down before recovering with two birdies on 15 and 18 . "  Those were tough conditions for everybody out there today , " the 43 year old Dane told European Tour website upon returning to the clubhouse . "  Especially on the front nine it was extremely difficult to get into a rhythm . "  We played those first four holes in I do n't know how long , and we had a couple of rulings in front of us . It was just impossible to find a good rhythm and Retief  Goosen  left us with a back injury after five holes , so we got caught in a two-ball . "  It just seems like all day we were waiting and waiting for a long time on a lot of these shots . It was a tough ask today so I was pretty pleased with the way I finished the round . " World number 142 Lowry took advantage of Bjorn 's difficulties with a 2-under-par round of 70 to draw level with the Dane . "  I was good out there today , " Lowry told reporters upon completing his round , "  I was mentally there and really enjoyed it . " "  It was tough for the front nine with the rain and stuff but it was a nice back nine and I managed to take advantage of it . " The lowest round of the day was a five-under-par carded by Luke Donald , moving the Englishman into a tie for third place with Spain 's Rafa Cabrera-Bello . The Englishman told reporters he planned to treat himself to a Friday night curry to celebrate drawing himself back into contention . Another man pleased with his second round showing after a tough week was world No. 10 , Rory McIlroy . The Northern Irishman split from his fiance , tennis star Caroline Wozniacki , earlier in the week , but registered a one-under par round after recovering from an awful 38-shot  three-over-par  front nine to join Sweden 's Henrik Stenson and Paraguay 's Fabrizio Zanotti in a tie for fifth at five-under-par . Stenson could replace Adam Scott atop the world rankings this weekend this if he scores a significantly higher finish at Wentworth than Scott does at the Crowne Plaza Invitational at the Colonial Country Club in Fort Worth Texas . Scott battled back from a poor opening round and nervy front nine on day two to make the Colonial cut at one-under-par . The Australian is six shots behind leader Brice Garnett , however , who leads the way on seven-under-par . Chris Stroud and Rober Streb are a shot behind Garnett in a tie for second going into the weekend while Bo van Pelt , Dustin Johnson , Aaron Baddeley , Chad Campbell , Jimmy Walker , Tim Clark and Brian Davis are all tied for fourth on five-under-par .	Thomas Bjorn and Shane Lowry tied for lead at PGA Championship Dane made level-par round after course record on Thursday Adam Scott makes cut at Crown Plaza Invitational
Baghdad  CNN  -- A car bomb exploded outside a Catholic church in central Kirkuk , Iraq , early Tuesday , wounding at least 20 people , authorities said . The attack took place in Kirkuk 's Shatterlo neighborhood around 5:30 a.m.  10:30 p.m. Monday ET  , according to a police official who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media . The wounded included staff from the Holy Family Church and people with homes nearby . The Interior Ministry said 23 people were injured . The explosion damaged the church and a number of nearby houses , police said . Kirkuk is an ethnically divided city located about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Baghdad . In the past years , extremists have carried out major attacks against churches . An October 31 attack on the Sayidat al-Nejat Cathedral , or Our Lady of Salvation Church , left 70 people dead and 75 wounded , including 51 congregants and two priests . The Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group that includes a number of Sunni Muslim extremist organizations and has ties to al Qaeda in Iraq , claimed responsibility for the Baghdad church siege . Religious minorities , such as Christians and Yazidis , make up less than 5 % of Iraq 's population , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Since 2003 , attacks against these minorities by insurgents and religious extremists have driven more than half of the minorities out of the country , according to UNHCR statistics .	A car bomb targets a church in central Kirkuk At least 20 people are wounded A church attack in October killed 70 people Religious minorities -- non-Muslims -- make up less than 5 % of Iraq 's population
CNN  -- The downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine last week , most likely after being struck with a missile fired by pro-Russian rebel forces , was followed this week by the rebels ' shoot-down of two Su-25 attack aircraft deployed by the Ukrainian Air Force . These incidents reflect a typical pattern in insurgencies and counterinsurgency operations . Air power is often crucial in fighting insurgents , as it has been recently in Ukraine . The Ukrainian air force has made up for the poor performance of Ukrainian ground units by driving rebel forces into retreat . The Su-25 ground-attack planes that were shot down this week were part of a renewed Ukrainian air offensive against rebel positions . Because governments fighting insurgencies often enjoy a monopoly or major advantage in air power , rebel fighters must try to offset this advantage by using surface-to-air missiles , or SAMs , and other air-defense weapons . That is precisely what has been happening recently in Ukraine , where pro-Russian rebels have shot down at least a dozen Ukrainian military aircraft over the past few months . The downing of MH17 was apparently a tragic mistake , not a deliberate attack on a passenger airliner flying at high altitude . The pro-Russian rebels evidently believed the target was a large military transport aircraft , only to realize afterward that they had committed a terrible blunder . Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ? But even if the downing of the airliner had been deliberate , it would not have been unprecedented . Indeed , on numerous occasions , insurgents armed by Moscow have deliberately shot down civilian planes . In September 1978 , guerrillas from the Zimbabwean People 's Revolutionary Army shot down an Air Rhodesia passenger airliner using a Soviet-supplied SA-7 shoulder-fired SAM . Dozens were killed in the crash , but 56 passengers survived . The guerrillas methodically hunted down the survivors and killed them  though a small number evaded death by hiding  . Five months later , in February 1979 , Zimbabwean guerrillas once again used a Soviet-supplied SA-7 to shoot down an Air Rhodesia passenger aircraft . All the passengers and crew died in the crash . In December 1988 , Polisario Front guerrillas in Morocco used Soviet-supplied missiles to attack two U.S. DC-7 civilian aircraft that were spreading insecticide against a locust infestation . One of the planes crashed , killing all five Americans on board . After the Soviet Union broke apart , the new government in Moscow continued to arm and train insurgent forces , focusing on other former Soviet republics . On three consecutive days in September 1993 , Russian-backed separatist guerrillas in the Abkhazian region of Georgia deliberately attacked Transair Georgian Airways passenger flights , using Russian-supplied shoulder-held SA-7s against two of them in flight and artillery against the third during boarding . A total of 136 people were killed in the three incidents . This record of Soviet and Russian support for insurgents who target civilian aircraft is important to bear in mind when judging the latest crisis over Ukraine . In all these earlier instances from the 1970s through the 1990s , Moscow-backed guerrillas deliberately attacked civilian planes . By contrast , in last week 's downing of MH17 , the likelihood is that the rebels only targeted the passenger aircraft because they thought it was a military plane . No one has yet apologized for the incident , and the pro-Russian forces ' handling of the crash site has been despicable , but the downing was not akin to the deliberate attacks that occurred in earlier years . Many flights soar over conflict zones Many observers have depicted events in Ukraine , including the MH17 tragedy , as reflecting something peculiar about Russian foreign policy under President Vladimir Putin . But as the 1993 attacks by Abkhazian fighters indicate , Putin 's predecessor Boris Yeltsin often dealt with Russia 's neighbors in a similar manner , seeing them as little more than vassal states . Under both Yeltsin and Putin , Russia has bullied , intimidated , destabilized and violated the sovereignty of its neighbors , especially Georgia , Moldova , Tajikistan , Ukraine , and Kyrgyzstan , whenever they have been led by rulers the Russian authorities dislike . Since 1992 , Russia has consistently supported the entrenchment of authoritarian regimes in neighboring states and opposed upheavals and popular unrest directed against authoritarian rulers . The historical record of Russia 's domineering policy toward other former Soviet republics has often been disregarded in the recent flurry of commentary about Ukraine and MH17 . One observer , writing last week on Forbes.com , declared that the MH17 disaster marked "  the first case of rebels , supplied by a major power with surface-to-air missiles , bringing down a passenger plane . " That statement is absurd and reflects an underlying ignorance of the long record of Russia 's imperious dealings with its neighbors . When thinking about where things might head now in Ukraine , we need to separate entrenched patterns from what is truly distinctive . Many observers get caught up with the daily twists and turns and fail to consider relevant historical precedents . In each case in the past when Moscow-backed guerrillas deliberately attacked civilian aircraft , the incidents had no lasting impact on the conflicts and did not induce the Kremlin to back down . After the September 1993 attacks that destroyed three Georgian passenger planes , Yeltsin not only maintained his staunch support of the Abkhazian separatists but also deployed thousands of Russian troops in Abkhazia to deter the Georgian government from trying to reclaim it . Over the past week many have predicted that MH17 will be a "  game-changer " and might even lead to the unraveling of Putin 's regime . The historical record gives us little reason to be confident about such optimistic prognoses . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Mark Kramer : Russia and its proxies have a history of shooting down civilian aircraft Kramer : Russia has bullied , intimidated and violated the sovereignty of its neighbors There is little evidence that this attack , or others in the past , will induce the Kremlin to back down
Washington  CNN  Jim Webb has skipped the usual full Washington media tour since launching a presidential exploratory committee late last year . He has done fewer than a handful of interviews , given one high-profile speech and has shied away from attacking other Democrats who are considering a run in 2016 . But that does n't mean Webb has been silent on issues . Far from it . Webb , a 68-year-old former senator and secretary of the Navy , has been quietly outlining a 2016 platform -- on Twitter . For the last two-months , Webb has been tweeting about criminal justice reform , mental health issues and efforts to increase middle class incomes . He has urged the United States to reshape its drug policies and outlined his views on leadership . What 's more , Webb has commented on news-of-the-day issues , like President Barack Obama 's decision to normalize relations with Cuba , former New York Mario Cuomo 's death and the release of Congress ' report on torture . Webb plans to continue this Twitter-first strategy when he live tweets President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address on Tuesday , adding his observations and disagreements with the president in real time . While most of this has gone largely unscrutinized -- and Webb and his advisers are aware Twitter ca n't be the only way a presidential candidate outlines a message -- advisers said Webb 's Twitter account is a fair representation of the platform Webb would run on if he chooses to jump into the race . "  We can un-paralyze the environment and re-establish a transparent , functioning governmental system , " he said in December , linking to a number of policy positions on combating climate change . "  Why are so many Americans currently in prison compared with other countries and our own history , " he asked this month . Webb 's tweets are noticeably very different than most politician 's tightly edited , concise messages . Some , frankly , do n't make sense . But Webb 's spokesman said the former senator writes all his own tweets and takes it "  very seriously . " "  It is not a bunch of propeller heads around him saying you should do that or this , " said Craig Crawford , Webb 's new communication 's director whose hiring was announced on Twitter . "  He likes to get his own message out and does n't do interviews just for the heck of it . He is his own guy . " Crawford said Webb enjoys Twitter more than giving speeches . "  It is more a dialogue than a one way speech , " he said , adding that the former senator feeds off the responses he gets and reads all of them . "  He approaches Twitter as a conversation , " Crawford said . "  He did these prison reform tweets and it is an opportunity to build a conversation with followers that is a little different than a speech or an interview that is driven by whatever the questions are . I think he enjoys it . " So will Webb bypass the media and only try and reach voters through Twitter in the coming months ? No , says Crawford , who notes that Webb has received a list of media requests that "  most politicians would dream about . " "  He recognizes that interviews are part of the gig , " Crawford said . "  He is going to open up the doors before too long . "	Jim Webb has quietly been outlining a presidential platform on Twitter since launching a presidential exploratory committee late last year He regularly tweets about criminal justice reform , mental health issues and efforts to increase middle class incomes He will live-tweet President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address on Tuesday , offering his views and opinions
CNN  -- Two U.S. marshals who were shot while carrying out an arrest warrant in West Virginia are expected to make a full recovery , a spokesman said . A third marshal , Derek Hotsinpiller , was fatally wounded in the incident . Supervisory Deputy U.S. Marshal Alex Neville , 42 , was expected to be released from the hospital Thursday . He has been a marshal for 19 years , Jeff Carter said . The other marshal , Deputy U.S. Marshal Wesley "  Fred " Frederick , 33 , was treated and released Wednesday . He has been with the Marshal Service for 14 months . The three deputies were hit by a shotgun blast as they entered a residence in Elkins about 8:30 a.m. Wednesday . Hotsinpiller was airlifted to Ruby Memorial Hospital in Morgantown , about 70 miles away , where he died , the Marshals Service said . Hotsinpiller had been serving with the Northern District of West Virginia office in Clarksburg since his graduation from the U.S. Marshals Academy , Carter said . The deputies , along with members of the West Virginia State Police and the Mountain State Fugitive Task Force , were serving an arrest warrant on Charles E. Smith , 50 , who was wanted on a charge related to possession of cocaine with the intent to distribute , as well as a felon in possession of a firearm charge , Carter said . Smith and the officers exchanged fire after the initial shot , and Smith was killed , Carter said .	Three U.S. marshals were hit by a shotgun blast as they served an arrest warrant Derek Hotsinpiller died from his injuries One of the injured deputies is expected to leave the hospital Thursday The other was treated and released Wednesday
CNN  -- Caroline Kennedy , who spent most of her life looking to steer clear of the spotlight , is capping off a year of unusually public -- and political -- activity with interest in the Senate seat that would be vacated by Secretary of State-designate Hillary Clinton . Caroline Kennedy could join her uncle Edward in the U.S. Senate . And her interest in that seat could mean the continuation of a Kennedy legacy in the Senate that began 56 years ago with the election of her father , John F. Kennedy , as the junior senator from Massachusetts . Her uncle Edward has represented Massachusetts in the Senate for more than four decades . Her uncle Robert served as junior senator from New York from 1965 until he was assassinated in 1968 . "  Remember , -LSB- Clinton 's -RSB- seat in the Senate was once held by Robert Kennedy , " CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider said Saturday . "  Her other uncle , Ted Kennedy , is ill right now . If -LSB- New York Gov. David -RSB- Paterson appoints Caroline Kennedy to the Senate , it means there could be a Kennedy staying in the Senate for quite a long time . " Paterson confirmed to CNN Saturday that Caroline Kennedy called and "  asked a few questions " but did not express interest in the seat . "  I am sure if she 's interested , she 'll call back , but I 'm not going to rate any of the candidates or talk about prospective candidates . It just adds speculation to the speculation , " Paterson said . But one Democratic source close to the Kennedy family said Caroline Kennedy "  is interested to say the least " about discussing the Senate vacancy . The source said Kennedy has asked a tight circle of family friends and political advisers for advice . A second source , who has knowledge of Kennedy 's conversation with Paterson , tells CNN that Kennedy reached out to inquire about the responsibilities and impact such a move would have if she were selected by the governor to fill the position . A Senate appointment for Caroline Kennedy would mark a change for the woman who has rarely run into the glare of political attention . "  Apparently , she has acquired a taste for politics , having endorsed Barack Obama early this year , " Schneider said . "  She wants to be part of this new regime in America , clearly playing a key role in the Senate if she gets that appointment . " Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider discuss Caroline Kennedy 's prospects " Widely described as extraordinarily shy , self-deprecating and down-to-earth , Kennedy has tended to limit her forays into the public sphere to nonpartisan activity , penning books on civil liberties and serving as the de facto guardian of her father 's legacy . But in January , she backed a political candidate for the first time , announcing her endorsement of Obama during the Democratic primary season with an opinion piece in the New York Times that drew days of the kind of media attention she has spent her life avoiding . "  I have never had a president who inspired me the way people tell me that my father inspired them , " she wrote . "  But for the first time , I believe I have found the man who could be that president -- not just for me , but for a new generation of Americans . " Kennedy willingly lingered in the spotlight , serving on Obama 's vice presidential search team , speaking at the Democratic National Convention and stumping for him through the primary and general election seasons . In a campaign ad that featured video images of her father followed by images of Obama , Kennedy said , "  People always tell me how my father inspired them . I feel that same excitement now . " There are a slew of high-profile candidates for Clinton 's Senate seat -- including Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , whose last name carries some star power of its own in the Empire State -- but their odds grew just a bit steeper when stacked against the wattage of a storied Democratic dynasty . Robert Kennedy was elected to the Senate with few ties to his adopted home state , but his niece 's New York roots run deep . Jacqueline Kennedy relocated to New York City after her husband 's assassination in 1963 , with children Caroline and John F. Kennedy Jr. . Caroline Kennedy has spent most of her life in the city , working there after graduating from Harvard , meeting her husband , Edwin Schlossberg , on the job at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and attending Columbia Law School there . Her most prominent public roles to date involved overseeing her father 's presidential library and presenting the annual Profiles in Courage Award . She 's also edited several books , from a volume of children 's poetry and an updated edition of her father 's book "  Profiles in Courage " to a collection of patriotic verse  "  A Patriot 's Handbook : Songs , Poems , Stories , and Speeches Celebrating the Land We Love . " Most of her leadership positions have been based in the arts : hosting the annual nationally televised Kennedy Center Honors in Washington and serving as the honorary chairwoman of the American Ballet Theatre , as her mother had . Still , in late spring and early summer , she was whispered as a possible vice presidential candidate -- and more recently as a contender for secretary of education in an Obama Cabinet -- but elected office would mark a major shift for Kennedy . Her history of avoiding partisan efforts , her limited policy track record and the lingering legacy of her father 's presidency translated into a far less brutal Republican criticism than that experienced by the other members of Obama 's vice presidential search committee , and there was a widespread continuing sense that she would not want to put herself in line for the tough criticism aimed at elected officials . "  I do n't think she 'd go that far , " Kennedy White House speechwriter Theodore Sorenson told USA Today this summer after being asked whether he thought Kennedy wanted to hold office herself . In his memoir , "  Counselor , " he quoted Jacqueline Kennedy saying her daughter had "  gotten her horror of the press from me " and said the younger Caroline Kennedy used to hide her face when she spotted a cameraman . But in a 2002 Time magazine interview promoting the updated "  Profiles in Courage , " Kennedy would not rule out the possibility of a run for public office . "  I do n't have any plans to do that right now , " she said . "  I do n't plan ahead . My kids are young , and I 'm really happy to be able to be around . But I do care about issues , and I 'm interested in them . So I do n't see that now , but you know , I have a long life ahead of me . " The 51-year-old mother of three has still not spoken publicly about her interest in the job -- or whether , after months of campaign-trail conditioning , she might be comfortable with the idea of seeking election in her own right when Clinton 's term ends . CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand and Monte Plott contributed to this story .	Late president 's daughter has expressed interest in Hillary Clinton 's office Move would put Kennedy in seat once filled by her uncle Robert Kennedy has a history of avoiding partisanship and spotlight She said this year she was inspired by Barack Obama
CNN  -- If you 've ever been at a crowded bar or a packed party , you have probably waited a long time for a drink . One answer to that problem : a new bartender with the generic French name of Monsieur . He 's short and squat and not much of a conversationalist , but he 'll whip up a Screwdriver for you in a flash . The Monsieur is a boxy tabletop device that works like a vending machine for cocktails . Punch in your order on a colorful touchscreen or order from your phone , and the machine will blend liquor with mixers and pour them into your cup . When fully equipped , Monsieur can make up to 300 types of drinks . "  It 's very intuitive , simple to use and easily programmable to your drink preferences , " said Libby Panke , who tried the machine at a recent launch event in Atlanta . Panke requested a seasonal recommendation and received a vodka and orange juice , which she said was "  very good . " The device is the brainchild of Barry Givens , co-founder and CEO of Monsieur , the startup behind the machine . Givens came up with the idea for a "  robotic bartender , " as he calls it , while struggling to get a drink at a crowded bar one spring during the NBA Finals . He and fellow Georgia Tech alum Eric Williams , Monsieur 's chief technology officer , designed the machine after a fundraising campaign on Kickstarter . The Monsieur measures 20 inches high and 21 inches wide and bears a color Android touchscreen allowing customers to browse and order drinks from up to eight mixers and liquors . The touchscreen controls coolers , pumps , sensors and other mechanical components to blend ingredients and deliver your drink . Beneath the touchscreen is an opening where you place your cup . A sensor prevents the drink from pouring until the cup is in place . Each Monsieur comes with 12 themes , such as "  bachelorette party , " "  Irish pub " or "  cigar bar , " and each theme offers 20 to 25 drink selections . The machine offers only liquor-based drinks , but its creators are open to adding beer , wine and Champagne . Consumers can also create themes and drinks and share them with others via social media . Givens hopes Monsieur will become the iTunes of cocktails , allowing people from around the world to exchange themes and cocktails the way they share songs or albums online . Williams says one special feature of Monsieur is its artificial intelligence : The machine can recommend drinks based on what you have ordered in the past , the season or time of day . It also can be programmed from your smartphone to , say , serve you a drink when you arrive home from work . Another feature Givens is proud of is the "  responsibility " section of the Monsieur mobile app . You can enter your gender and weight , and the app will keep track of how much liquor you have consumed and estimate your blood-alcohol level . Once you have reached a certain level -- in most U.S. states , drivers are legally drunk with a blood-alcohol level of .08 -- Monsieur can send a notification to your phone . If you are driving , Monsieur will prompt you to the Uber app to find you a driver or a taxi . Givens also says the app can "  cut drinkers off " by monitoring their profile and determining when they 've had too much . "  We want to revolutionize this whole experience . ... We are using all this technology . There is no way we ca n't try to help people drink more responsibly , " he said . Givens and Williams hope to see Monsieur installed in bars and suites at sports venues . They say they do n't want to replace bartenders but to augment their services . To eliminate underage drinking , Williams suggests that bars hand out radio frequency identification wristbands when they check customers ' IDs . The wristbands will have RFID chips inside them confirming that the wearer is over 21 . Before a customer can buy a drink from a Monsieur machine , they 'll have to scan their RFID wristband . The Monsieur team hopes to implement this technology into the machine by April . The Monsieur currently has no system to accept payments , but Givens and Williams would like to add a feature that would let patrons pay for drinks online or by swiping a card on the machine . Monsieur is not the only robotic bartender hitting the market . A California company claims that its Bartendro , a liquid-dispensing system of pumps and exposed tubes , can create a cocktail in 10 seconds . The Makr Shakr app allows partygoers to control a three-armed robot bartender using their cellphones . At the Atlanta event , Panke and fellow drinker Ken Ferguson said they could see themselves using the Monsieur for parties , events and football games . "  You do n't need to pay for a bartender ; you just need ice . People can serve themselves at parties now , " Ferguson said . If you want a Monsieur of your own to make you drinks , it will cost you . The retail price is $ 5,000 , which does n't include shipping costs . Commercial customers will pay a one-time setup fee of $ 1,000 plus $ 299 per month for a subscription that includes tech support and access to a Web app allowing them to monitor the status of their Monsieur in real time . Givens envisions the future of Monsieur much like Starbucks . He wants his robotic bartender to become synonymous with social drinking , the way Starbucks is to coffee . In the future "  wherever you are , there will be a Monsieur system close by , and you will go through a seamless process to get a cocktail , " he said .	Monsieur , a "  robotic bartender " machine , can make up to 300 kinds of cocktails Customers order on a touchscreen or through their phones Each Monsieur comes with 12 themes , such as "  bachelorette party , " "  Irish pub " or "  cigar bar " If you want a Monsieur for personal use , the retail price is $ 5,000
CNN  -- If the congressional "  super committee " does not reach a deficit reduction deal by Wednesday 's legally mandated deadline , I propose we take a page from the NBA owners and lock Congress out . I 'm serious . We , the taxpayers , are the owners of Congress and if Congress wo n't make a deal that helps our nation , then let 's put a big padlock on the doors of the House and Senate -- or at least change the locks and not give them the keys . Polls show that me and apparently 91 % of my fellow Americans have never been more frustrated with the dysfunctional nature of "  our " Congress . Congress ' approval rating has fallen to an abysmal 9 % -- to put this in perspective , herpes is now slightly more popular than Congress . Bed bugs really ca n't be that far behind . I 'm not sure who the 9 % of voters are who think Congress is doing a good job -- I can only assume it 's Congress ' friends and families as well as some of the well-connected lobbyists who have reaped benefits . Maybe the 9 % are those pleased when Congress made history in August after waiting until the last minute to compromise on a budget deal , which led to the first downgrade of the U.S. credit rating by Standard & Poor 's . Or possibly the 9 % were impressed when House Democrats and Republicans joined together in a rare moment of bipartisanship a few weeks ago and voted in favor of a resolution by a whopping 396-9 . Was this vote to create jobs for the more than 25 million Americans who are unemployed or underemployed ? Or maybe this vote was to help Americans on the brink of foreclosure ? Nope , this vote was to address an issue that Congress felt demanded immediate attention : Affirming that our national motto is : "  In God We Trust . " Wow , that should really put some food on the table of a hungry family whose unemployment benefits are close to expiring . I hope you take the time to "  thank " Rep. J. Randy Forbes , a Republican from Virginia , for leading the courageous charge on that issue . Instead of a congressional lock out , perhaps Donald Trump could host a new TV show entitled : "  Congressional Apprentice , " where each week members of Congress are given a task to help our nation . Those who fail will be met by Trump gleefully declaring : "  Congressman ... You 're fired ! " I 'm at the point that when I hear about a king in a foreign nation dissolving the legislature in his country , I almost wish our president could do the same . Despite all its negatives , Congress can take credit for one positive achievement : Inspiring more Americans to become engaged in politics as witnessed by both the rise of the Occupy movement and the tea party movement . Congress ' failures have awakened both the left and the right of the American electorate . I hope that both the Occupy and tea party groups  and everyone else in the middle  can agree on a concrete change to our electoral system , namely : Term limits for Congress . Even though Congress ' approval rating had fallen to 21 % at the time of the November 2010 congressional mid-term elections , the inherent advantages of incumbency for members of Congress are so powerful that still 87 % of incumbents in the House and 90 % in the Senate won re-election . Term limits would mandate a turnover in the composition of Congress so that federal elected officials no longer focus on political concerns and making a career out of serving in Congress but instead on enacting legislation that benefits all Americans in the short time they will serve . Term limits are the only way to ensure meaningful change of our Congress . But that wo n't be easy . To impose congressional term limits , the U.S. Constitution must be amended -- just as it was with the 22nd amendment , which set a term limit for our president . The problem is that absent a constitutional convention , the only way to start the process for a Constitutional amendment is that Congress -- the people with a 9 % approval rating -- have to pass it by a two-thirds vote in each chamber before it can be sent for the required approval by three-fourths of the state legislatures . Good luck getting Congress to agree on that . Our best and most practical hope is asking candidates running for Congress to make a personal pledge to limits of two terms in the Senate and three in the House . Congress , though , still has a chance to atone for its mistakes . It 's like at the end of the holiday classic , "  The Christmas Carol " when Ebenezer Scrooge awoke on Christmas morning , and after realizing he still had a chance to redeem himself , joyfully declared : "  I have n't missed it . " Well , Congress , you have almost missed it . While we do n't have three ghosts to warn you , we do have hundreds of millions of Americans sending you a message : Stop the political posturing , make a deficit reduction deal and then work together to revive our nation 's economy . If not , there are numerous locksmiths in the Washington area who promise that they can change locks within 15 minutes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Congress looks unlikely to reach a deficit reduction deal by deadline Dean Obeidallah : Follow NBA owners ' example and lock out members of Congress The only way to force dramatic change is to limit congressional terms , he says Obeidallah : Stop political posturing , make a deal and revive nation 's economy
CNN  -- Two Baltimore , Maryland , police officers were shot Saturday after a gunman 's domestic dispute led to shootings at two locations , a police spokesman told CNN . Crime scene tape cordons off a squad car involved in a chase and shootings Saturday in Baltimore . The rampage began at the home of the suspect 's ex-girlfriend , who has a restraining order against him , police spokesman Don Moses said . The suspect , 34 , forced his way into her home and they argued , Moses said . In an apparent rage , the man fired a round from a 9 mm Ruger , Moses said . The ex-girlfriend called police about 10:30 a.m. Moses described to CNN what unfolded next . Police have not released the names of anyone involved . Police received a call from the suspect 's current girlfriend just before 11 a.m. . She told them the suspect came to her home and assaulted her , and she suffered minor injuries . While a 42-year-old policeman was at her home tending to her report , the suspect called her . The officer talked to the suspect on the phone and convinced him to return to west Baltimore , where the girlfriend lived . When the suspect pulled up in a car , the officer approached him and was fired upon , suffering a gunshot wound to the buttocks . The wounded officer got into his patrol car and chased the suspect . An officer providing backup at the first shooting scene spotted the suspect 's vehicle parked three blocks away . As the policeman observed the vehicle from inside his patrol car , the suspect appeared on the driver 's side and fired at the officer . The backup officer , 44 , who was wearing a bullet-proof vest , was shot in the chest and arm but managed to return fire , hitting the suspect three times . He was in stable condition after surgery and was expected to survive . The suspect is in custody and expected to live , Moses said . The officer shot in the buttocks was treated and released from the hospital Saturday .	Police spokesman : Rampage began at the home of the suspect 's ex-girlfriend Woman told police the suspect came to her home and assaulted her , CNN told One officer received minor wound , and a second was stable after surgery Second officer shot returned fire , wounding suspect , who is expected to survive
CNN  -- Bel Kaufman , author of the bestselling 1960s classic "  Up the Down Staircase , " has died at 103 . Kaufman 's digital publisher Open Road Media said the writer died on Friday . Kaufman , also a teacher and lecturer , was probably best known for her 1965 novel "  Up the Down Staircase , " about a young teacher battling the New York public school bureaucracy . Born in Germany and raised in Russia , Kaufman came to the United States with her family when she was 12 . She was a graduate of Hunter College and Columbia University and worked as a New York City high school teacher for three decades before launching a second career as an author . People we 've lost in 2014	Author and dedicated teacher Bel Kaufman dies at 103 Kaufman rose to fame after penning "  Up the Down Staircase " in 1965 She was a graduate of Hunter College and Columbia University
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lankan soldiers seized a key rebel stronghold over the weekend , as humanitarian agencies feared for the safety of civilians . Sri Lankan troops at Elephant Pass , the isthmus that connects north Jaffna peninsula to rest of the country . "  It 's an incredibly serious situation , " James Elder , a U.N. spokesman , said Monday . "  We have a very large number of people , including tens of thousands of children , trapped in a fast-shrinking conflict zone . " Government forces took the area in a surprise attack early Sunday , the head of Sri Lanka 's army announced . Troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of Mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from Tamil fighters , according to the government-run news agency . "  Our troops fought their way through a 40 km  25 mile  thick jungle track , " Lt. Gen. Sarath Fonseka said in a televised address Sunday . "  This is the long-awaited victory and I am happy to say that our heroic forces today captured the Mullaittivu town after 12 years , " he said . There has been no confirmation from the rebels that the strategic garrison has been overtaken . The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead . The rebels gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 and established a military garrison there , according to the government . In recent days , the military has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds . Earlier this month , troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass , the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula . It had been in rebel hands for more than nine years . The recapture enabled the government to use a highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies . Previously , it was done by air and sea . "  The area that the LTTE has dominated has shrank phenomenally , " Sri Lankan High Commissioner to India , C.R Jayasinghe , told CNN . "  They lost ... about 90 percent of what they had . " Despite major government gains , critics point to ongoing civilian casualties resultant from the conflict . "  This is a critical moment in the conflict when the space for these people has shrunk , " Elder said . The United Nations is "  calling on the ... Tamil Tigers to meet their international responsibilities and guarantee that these very large civilian populations to move freely and then can move away from the conflict and to areas where they can receive appropriate assistance , " Elder said . "  Some Sri Lankan U.N. staff are trapped there , " he said in a Sunday interview . "  Convoys are going to the area , delivering emergency supplies , but these are not sufficient for the number of people in need . " Sri Lankan authorities are barring journalists and humanitarian aid workers from areas where heavy fighting is taking place . Amnesty International spokesman Shuransu Mishra estimated that "  over a quarter of a million of the population , mostly Tamils , are trapped between the two sides . " The organization says greater access and protection for aid workers and journalists are needed as news agencies struggle to report an accurate picture of the conflict . "  The Sri Lankan authorities are doing little to ensure the safety of the country 's media , or to prosecute those responsible for murdering or attacking them , " Amnesty International spokeswoman Yolanda Foster said in a written statement on Friday . The Sri Lankan authorities "  are also directly responsible for subjecting journalists to harassment and interrogation , " she said . At least 14 journalists have been killed since the start of 2006 , according to the statement . Others have been driven from the country by death threats , or in fear of detention and torture by government authorities , it said .	Government forces took the area in a surprise attack early Sunday Rebel Tamil Tigers gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 Earlier this month troops regained control of key northern town of Elephant Pass Tamils want independent homeland , war since 1983 has left more than 70,000 dead
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- When I think of the story of African women , I immediately think of my mother and I want to use her story as a frame of reference in how African leaders can improve the lives of women . My mother is a huge inspiration to me but sadly , many African women do not have the opportunities that she has . They are the backbone of our nations and their success will lead to the success of Africa . Using this platform afforded to me , I would like to tell our leaders the five things African women need to succeed . I was born to a woman who having completed high school in the early 1970s , got married , had me and went about the business of being a mother and wife . I must have been about seven or eight years old when my mother got her first job as a secretary . Today my mother is Group Human Resources Manager  Kenya , Uganda , Tanzania  for Car & General . She 's pursuing a degree in clinical psychology . I think I should mention that my mother went back to school at 50 . She turned 60 in February 2012 . 1 . Education It can never be said enough . Nowhere is it as clear as it is in Africa that educating a woman is educating a nation . My mother is who she is today and my siblings and I have turned out to be who we are because she went out at the age of 50 , sat in the same room as people half her age , so she could learn . She already had a job she was great at but she had a thirst for knowledge . And today , my mum is a better mother , grandmother and friend all because of the education she had and the knowledge she pursues to this very day . Caroline Mukoto : Kenya 's Queen of radio 2 . Economic empowerment The African woman needs to be able to fend not just for herself but also for her children . This is something my mother always drummed into me and I am largely my mother 's daughter ; driven , focused but also determined to be financially independent . In my early 20s , I could n't figure out why she went on and on about getting a job , being good at it and earning my own money -- but today in my 30s I get it . What drives me crazy about the policy around this is that money is never allocated in a way that benefits women and home first . Instead , it feeds a handout mentality , we never give women a hand up . It 's a really horrible cycle . This is why I 'm very proud of what my mother did . If you can give a woman a hand up and she can stand , she 'll help another woman too . Anytime I go to an area where there 's poverty , we never give just money , we give seeds so they can plant or animals they can rear . I 'm involved in a greenhouse project for the areas where the land is dry . The people always have to pay us back in produce and even when they are done paying , they are so excited because they have money in their pockets , you would think they were Bill Gates . That is what happens when you empower a woman . See also : Mother 's day not so rosy in Africa 3 . Access to health care My mother had a job that gave her medical cover and hence access to doctors and healthcare facilities for herself and us . For as long as I can remember my mother took charge of our health . My brother -LSB- John -RSB- was born with a blockage in one of his lungs and had the worst case of asthma I knew of , but mum 's health cover took care of that and John 's subsequent health needs , as he battled with asthma throughout his teens . She was a better mum not because she understood medicine , but because she had access to health facilities and doctors . Too many women are forced to watch their children die , even from the simplest , most treatable illnesses , simply because of poor access to healthcare . Read also : ` Why women must be free to choose ' 4 . Exposure In a world where women have such few role models -- looking at my mum whose mother tilled the land -- she had no way of doing better for herself or charting a bigger and better path for me and my siblings , if it was n't for the exposure to a wider world that she got through the working . You can not become what you can not see . Today , mum pursues her dream in clinical psychology and supports a daughter who chose to adopt because my mum is more exposed to different circumstances than most . Do n't just tell women what is possible , show them . 5 . Hope When all else is gone , nothing remains but hope . If my mother had written this piece , she would say pray and work . To an international audience , I call it hope with a purpose . As long as we give the women of Africa hope , so long as we do n't tread on their dreams and those they have for their children -- these women will rise and with them their children and right alongside them this continent . Today , the daughter of Rose Mutoko stares at the world through the lenses of CNN . Who would have thunk it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Caroline Mutoko .	Caroline Mukoto is a well-known and sometimes controversial radio personality in Africa She believes that providing for women of Africa , provides for nations Lists education , hope and access to health care among top five things women need
Washington  CNN  -- On Tuesday , for the second time this month , the Republican field will debate foreign policy , a topic that has n't seen much attention in the race until now . The candidates will be fighting an uphill battle against the president 's strong record on national security . President Obama has racked up an impressive series of foreign policy victories and promises kept : He ordered a daring raid that resulted in the death of Osama bin Laden and has taken out scores of top al Qaeda leaders , including lead recruiter Anwar al-Awlaki . He brought the Iraq war to a close , as promised , and has started a responsible withdrawal from Afghanistan . Without putting a single American soldier on the ground and for only about a thousandth of the cost of the Iraq war , the president helped the Libyan people oust Moammar Gadhafi , a ruthless dictator who supported terrorists . Obama has also led the international community in putting the squeeze on Iran 's leaders through tough sanctions and ratified the new START treaty negotiated with Russia . The list goes on . Voters have recognized these successes . Polls show the public backs Obama 's pragmatic , results-based approach to foreign policy . Fulfilling his promise to end the Iraq war is the president 's most popular move : More than three in four Americans -- 77 % -- approve of Obama 's decision to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of the year , according to CBS News polling . In addition , 63 % approve of the president 's terrorism policies , turning what was expected to be a weakness into a strength . The Republican field has responded to the president 's successful efforts abroad with what the New York Times editorial board called "  bad analysis and worse solutions , nothing that suggests real understanding or new ideas . " Instead of taking seriously the need for the commander in chief to have at least a basic knowledge of the world , Republicans have embraced their lack of experience on the issue . Herman Cain made a telling gaffe last week when he insisted that he is "  not supposed to know anything about foreign policy . " The Republicans running to lead the country do n't seem to understand that the president ca n't plead ignorance . International crises especially require quick , effective decision-making -- presidents do n't have time to study up on Foreign Policy 101 . The lack of knowledge or experience has n't stopped Republicans from falling into a familiar habit : opposition for the sake of opposition . If Obama favors something , Republicans almost certainly oppose it . Mitt Romney originally built his argument against Obama 's foreign policy by attacking the new START treaty -- an agreement supported by every living Republican secretary of state and our entire current military leadership . Now Romney , along with others , is calling for bombing Iran , an action that former CENTCOM commander four-star Gen. Anthony Zinni has said would "  drag us into a conflict . " Obama has effectively rallied other nations for the strongest sanctions ever against Iran 's nuclear program . Republicans have lots of ideas about starting new wars , but few about how to keep meaningful pressure on Tehran . Regarding Israel , the GOP field has routinely condemned Obama 's leadership in trying to avert a crisis over the Palestinian request for statehood at the U.N. Obama 's policies have made Israel safer . Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised Obama for his handling of the rescue of the Israeli diplomats in Cairo in September . The candidates continue to take any position that will distance them from the president and allow them to sound tough -- but it 's putting them out of step with military leaders and nonpartisan national security experts . Much of the field has endorsed waterboarding -- widely considered torture -- and many have argued for cutting off all foreign aid . Both of those positions are opposed by generals such as David Petraeus and James Cartwright as well as fellow Republicans , including former Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Sen. John McCain . Abandoning our values and "  soft power " means abandoning leadership in the world . In addition , the field has tried to turn the phrase "  leading from behind " into an overarching criticism of Obama 's foreign policy . That rather inaccurate term was coined to explain Obama 's response to the situation in Libya . It 's funny that Republicans would latch onto the phrase , because they 've shown a distinct lack of judgment and resolve on the issue . Jake Tapper of ABC News documented that Mitt Romney has held five different positions on the Libya operation . It is probably Newt Gingrich 's most blatant flip-flop ; the former House speaker first endorsed intervention , then said he would n't have acted . The Republican field just ca n't admit that Obama got this right . Even more telling than the issues candidates have talked about are the issues that have been downplayed . The last debate included little or no mention of post-war Iraq , ignored the security implications of China 's rise , and only at the last minute began to explore candidates ' thinking on the European financial crisis . Twenty-first-century problems require 21st-century thinking . The Republicans have displayed stunningly little of such thinking so far . Expect lots of bluster and loose talk at Tuesday 's debate , the sort that brought us the Iraq war earlier this century while the search for Osama bin Laden was essentially called off . Then compare it to the pragmatic , effective approach of Obama and his list of accomplishments . It 's clear who should be on the receiving end of the 3 a.m. phone call . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : GOP presidential candidates ca n't beat Obama 's record on national security Three-quarters of Americans approve of his decision to pull troops from Iraq , Brazile says Yet if Obama favors something , GOP candidates almost certainly oppose it , she says Brazile : Expect bluster at Tuesday 's GOP debate -- then compare it to Obama 's approach
A day after his 15-year-old son , Jordan , committed suicide by shooting himself in the chest , Brad Lewis is looking for answers . "  The suicide note he left stated that he was tired of life ... and that he was doing this because he was being bullied at school , " Lewis said in a seven-minute video posted to his Facebook account on Thursday , hours after the death . Lewis said he learned Thursday that Carterville High School in Carterville , Illinois , had shown the sophomore class a video on Wednesday about bullying . "  And , at the end of the video , that the kid that was being bullied went home and committed suicide , " he said . Carterville Schools Superintendent Robert Prusator acknowledged that Jordan Lewis participated in a multimedia presentation about alcohol and drug abuse and bullying , but he said no reports had been made to the school 's staff or administrators about Jordan being bullied . Mom of dead Florida teen sends birthday message , promises to fight bullying "  Our priority right now is counseling for our students and staff , " he said in a telephone interview . "  The kids are trying to get through his passing . " The elder Lewis , who works for the Illinois Department of Corrections , did not respond to interview requests . But he said in the video that he learned Thursday , as he was traveling to identify the body , that his son had told a schoolmate after the presentation on Wednesday about the bullying and about his plans to kill himself . The girl , whom he did not identify , told her grandmother , who called police , he said . On Wednesday night , they "  did a wellness check " and were supposed to have returned Thursday , he said he was told . "  I never heard nothing about it until today , " he said . Parents , beware of bullying on sites you 've never seen Williamson County Sheriff 's Office Capt. Brian Thomas said police were not called to the house until Thursday , when they were contacted by the boy 's mother , who had called her son earlier from her job to wake him up but got no response . She found him dead , with a shotgun wound to the chest . The couple is separated . The boy 's father lives in suburban St. Louis , about 100 miles northwest of Carterville . Thomas said the department was investigating allegations of bullying made Thursday by the boy 's relatives , but had received no such complaints beforehand . "  This bullying has to stop , " the father said in his video . "  People have to stop treating other people the way they do , because some people just do n't have the strength to overcome the humiliation , the continuation of being picked on constantly , every day , to the point that they have no outs . " He pleaded with viewers to contact him with the names of the bulliers . "  I want to find out who those kids were who bullied my son and forced him into taking his life , " he said . "  The only way for it to stop is to let people know what is going on so that the school can get more involved and that no other lives has to be taken . " Are we too quick to cry ` bully ' ? He blamed the school video for having presented suicide as an easy out . "  Just go home and take your life , " he said , instead of offering counseling . A suicide expert said that , while bullying is common , it rarely leads to suicide . "  We view it as a real potential stressor for people who are already vulnerable , " said Dr. Christine Moutier , medical director at the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention , in a telephone interview . "  The reality is that there are other factors in there that create that level of distress and hopelessness and desperation . " Asked whether the video may have contributed to the boy 's suicide , she said it was impossible to say without having seen it . Join us October 29 for a Google Hangout on bullying Suicide "  contagion " may occur in the wake of a story that presents killing oneself as acceptable , she said . But , she added , "  We need to , as a society , not just the press , need to handle suicides in a way that 's knowledgeable , that provides hope and real resources for people who are struggling , and not just a story that presents suicide as the one and only outcome . " If you are considering suicide , call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline -- 800.273 . TALK  8255  . Opinion : Should parents be criminally liable for kids ' cyberbullying ?	Jordan Lewis , 15 , kills himself with a shotgun blast to the chest He saw a school presentation about bullying the day before "  We view it as a potential stressor , " doctor says about bullying National Suicide Prevention Lifeline -- 800.273 . TALK .
CNN  -- Not long ago , I was in Pennsylvania coal country speaking with college students about the power of entrepreneurship and how everyone needs to take some risk these days or risk being left behind . During the Q&A , a hand shot up . "  I 'm wondering how what you 're saying applies to me , " a young man said . "  I do n't have a big idea . I do n't have connections . And I do n't live in Silicon Valley . " I said the first thing that came to mind . "  Do n't worry . You do n't need a hoodie to be an entrepreneur ! " Afterward , I was haunted by his question -- and disappointed by my glib response . When I first started helping entrepreneurs in the 1990s , the word "  entrepreneur " was not popular . It was a rarefied word that applied only to founders of the fastest-growing  or fastest-failing  enterprises . And at the risk of pointing out the obvious , those leaders were mostly young , male and in tech . Today entrepreneurship does n't just mean starting a tech company , as valuable as that may be . It means undertaking any bold venture -- from selling crafts out of your basement to improving your neighborhood to proposing a new initiative in your corporation . The techniques involved in sharpening your idea , facing down critics , recruiting boosters and handling setbacks apply in almost every realm of work . Entrepreneurship , defined as a nimble , creatively destructive , optimistic force , has become the go-to problem-solving technique of the 21st century . But that 's also created a problem . The word "  entrepreneur , " once underused , is now overused . We have "  social entrepreneurs , " "  intrapreneurs , " "  mompreneurs , " "  kidpreneurs . " What we need is a new lexicon . In my book , "  Crazy Is a Compliment , " I propose four categories , or species . 1 . Gazelles These are classic entrepreneurs -- those who start new businesses and aim to become hot phenomena . Think of Google , GoPro or Spanx . "  Gazelle " was a term that economist David Birch came up with in 1994 . It describes high-growth businesses whose sales double every four years . Though just 6 % of companies fit this model , this miniscule group accounts for nearly all private sector job creation . Like the animal , gazelle entrepreneurs are fast-moving and high-jumping . 2 . Skunks The term "  intrapreneur , " coined in the 1970s , refers to innovators within large corporations . Though the word remains clunky , the idea of encouraging employees to be more independent and creative has become an urgent cry . The "  topple rate " of big companies , a metric that gauges how often they lose their leadership position , more than doubled between 1965 and 2008 . Pretending your job is safe and your company is stable leaves you dangerously exposed . If you think risk-taking is risky , being risk-averse is often riskier . Even if your company continues to thrive , your ability to survive in it depends on your capacity and willingness to innovate . Job security these days depends on the same qualities that make good entrepreneurs -- agility , imagination , persistence and execution . As Michael Dell told me , "  There are the quick , and the dead . " Adapt from within or be forced to adapt from without . Become a skunk . I 've adopted this term from Lockheed Corporation , which during World War II set up a secret division to build fighter jets . It was called Skunk Works . The message : entrepreneurs operating within large corporations go out of their way to stink up the joint . 3 . Dolphins For the past decade , there 's been abundant chatter that the social sector must become more entrepreneurial . Nonprofits need to employ more business techniques . Philanthropy needs more metrics . Despite this , too many organizations continue to lag behind the age of disruption . What they need are more dolphins . Dolphins are contrarians in the nonprofit or public sector who are willing to buck convention and agitate for change . Why dolphins ? Because they 're smart , social and among the few altruistic animals . But they 're not pushovers : harm a dolphin 's pod and watch out ! Today , even causes for which there are no compelling private-sector solutions are ripe for entrepreneurial shake-up . Dolphins are the ones making the waves . 4 . Butterflies The last group that needs to be more entrepreneurial are small-scale or lifestyle entrepreneurs -- plumbers , yoga instructors , bakers , craft makers . 40 % of American adults have now spent part of their careers working on their own . As Jay-Z put it , "  I 'm not a businessman ; I 'm a business , man . " I call this species butterflies , because butterflies are varied  there are at least 17,500 types  and driven by freedom and individualism . At first glance , this group would hardly seem candidates for the skillset of ground-breaking change-makers . Do you really need to be disruptive when you 're selling homemade cheese at the farmer 's market ? The answer : You do , because your competitor probably has an in at Whole Foods , accepts credit-card payments with a Square reader and just launched a vibrant web business . Etsy , the online arts and crafts hub , now has over a million "  makers " selling goods directly to consumers . Even butterflies need to spread their wings wider . Today , nearly two decades after I first started mentoring entrepreneurs , innovators of all types are popping up everywhere . They are n't waiting for changes to happen to them , they 're making changes happen every day . Whatever your passion , pick one of these species and start writing your story -- or risk being an ostrich , with your head stuck in the sand .	Linda Rottenberg : Back in the 1990s , the word "  entrepreneur " was not popular Rottenberg : Entrepreneurship today means starting a firm or taking on any bold venture She says with the term being overused , there are four ways to differentiate entrepreneurs Rottenberg : Are you a Gazelle , Skunk , Dolphin or Butterfly ?
New York  CNN  -- You could be forgiven for thinking no one cares -- or even should care , right now -- about climate change . For starters , there 's all that other terrifying stuff competing for attention : President Barack Obama 's war with ISIS ; the Ebola outbreak , which recently put Sierra Leone on national lockdown ; Ukraine ; Scotland ; wife-beating athletes . That scary guy in Pennsylvania . The world seems like a pretty big mess right now . The climate ? Not top of the agenda . Polls indicate Americans care less about climate change than pretty much anything . Even among those of us who are inclined to care about the planet , there 's the holy-crap-I-can ` t-even-deal-with-it factor . It seems too big , too daunting -- and like so much damage is already being done . But I put those doubts completely to rest on Sunday as I wove through hopeful crowds of thousands at the People 's Climate March in New York , which was billed by organizers as the biggest rally against climate change world has ever seen . There was no independent estimate of the size of the crowd immediately available , but organizers said as many as 310,000 people attended -- many from far reaches of the globe , ahead of a UN climate summit here this week . Marchers sound urgent call for climate change action World leaders are expected to discuss the topic and , hopefully , build momentum for more-concrete climate talks in Paris next year . Climate marches also were held on Sunday in 2,800 other locations , according to organizers , from Paris to Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea . Related : ` I 'm on the front lines of this crisis ' In a world disinclined to care about the urgent threat of climate change , these were the people who are both experiencing the crisis -- right now , not 100 years in the future -- and who also believe there 's still time to make a difference . "  I am fearful , but for the most part , I 'm optimistic , " said Kathy Jetnil-Kijiner , a 26-year-old who came to New York from the Marshall Islands , in the Pacific . Sea level rise already is washing away grave sites and lashing homes on the islands , she said . She came to New York in part to represent her 7-month-old daughter , who she hopes will be able to live on the island , rather than relocate . "  I see this movement and I see this march and I see all these thousands of people coming together for climate change ; I believe there are things we can do to change the world . "  I believe it can happen . " It 's not possible for her to ignore this issue like the rest of us . "  The thing you have to imagine is the ocean is huge next to our islands , " she told me . "  Our islands are completely tiny ... You do n't get to forget how vulnerable you are . " The march , which wandered along the edge of Central Park and through the streets of Midtown Manhattan , took on the feel of a celebration for a planet that 's worth saving rather than a funeral for one already lost . I saw accordions , drums , a giant-dancing-puppet representation of Mother Earth . The mood was a bit surprising considering some climate scientists and policy experts say the world already has acted far too slowly to curb carbon emissions and that we 're locked into some level of harmful warming . The atmosphere already has warmed about 1-degree Celsius because of people , said Bill McKibben , co-founder of 350 . org , which helped organize the events . "  That 's enormous , " he told me . "  It 's been enough already to melt the summer Arctic " and to increase ocean acidification by 30 % . "  As astonishing as those changes are , they are a very small trailer for the horror movie that 's coming if we do n't act quickly , " he said . And that 's what people here were calling for : Quick , assured action . A reduction in harmful carbon emissions . Real targets , based on science . New , clean industry . A revolution , really -- an economy that looks beyond the fossil era . I met people from China , Tibet , West Virginia , Arizona -- all of whom want the world to act . "  We are here representing the Earth , " said Whatwen  ne "  Freida " Jacques , 64 , who moving with the crowd in a motorized wheelchair . "  I really think this should have happened a good 20 years ago . " Jayeesha Dutta , a 36-year-old from New Orleans , marched in New York wearing a Mardi Gras mask and carrying one side of a banner that read , "  The Seas Are Rising and So Are We ! " "  We are at the front lines of climate change , " she said , echoing a familiar refrain . "  Our communities are going to be the first climate change refugees of our country ... As we lose the land , we 're also going to be losing cultures . " Some of the most poignant pleas for action came from people impacted by Superstorm Sandy , which hit New York in October 2012 , filling subways with water , displacing coastal residents and killing more than 100 people in the United States as well as more than 60 in the Caribbean and Canada . Hurricanes are expected to continue to get stronger as the climate warms , and locals here fear a repeat tragedy . I met Silaka Cox , 19 , from the Rockaways , at the city 's edge . It was hit hard by Sandy . If climate change is n't stopped , Cox told me she worries her community , where she still lives even though it means a 11/2 hour commute to New York University , where she 's a sophomore , might not be viable . "  The sea levels are just going to keep rising if we do n't do anything about it , " she said . And I met Brendan McAvoy , a 21-year old who lost his home in the storm . He came to the rally Sunday with a blue sign simply reading , "  Hope . " The letters were made of sand he collected from the beach in New Jersey . He told me he initially made the sign for his mom , to help get her through the months after the storm . "  That 's all you have when the water takes away your house and takes away your family , " he said , referencing the fact that he attributes his father 's death , after the storm , in part to the stress caused by the displacement . "  All you have is hope . " Climate change is a collective tinnitus -- always ringing in the background , but so constant and seemingly incurable that we try to ignore it . That 's impossible for McAvoy and the others I met on Sunday . For them , climate change is sounding an alarm far too loud to be silenced . To demonstrate this in the most literal of ways , rally attendees raised their hands in the air in a moment of silence at 12:58 p.m. . Then at 1 p.m. , they let out a collective yelp . It was so loud and heartfelt it gave me chills . I hope it brought some degree of comfort -- and maybe inspiration -- to all those attending whose lives already are being shaken up by this crisis , which the world should act far more urgently to address . As I heard from many people I met , we have the technology and the popular will to fix this . It 's just time for someone in power to listen .	Organizers say more than 300,000 gather in New York for climate rally The People 's Climate March is billed as the largest climate demonstration ever CNN 's John Sutter says it 's easy for people to write off climate change But he writes that meeting people at the march should cause a change of heart
