The newly-renovated Castelao football stadium looms into sight up ahead . Driving just past it , we see women standing on street corners , leaning into cars and flashing nearly naked bodies in the low light . We 're in Fortaleza in the northeastern corner of Brazil , one of the World Cup host cities but also known as a magnet for sex tourism . Prostitution is legal in Brazil for those 18 or older , but government and soccer officials are trying stto crack down on the child sex trade before the tournament kicks off in June . Antonio Carlos da Silva , a social worker with O Pequeno Nazareno , says the prostitutes around the stadium now cater to truckers but dream about big bucks from visiting fans . "  Ever since Brazil was selected to host the World Cup in 2014 , it created these huge expectations , " he says as we drive down a darkened avenue . "  The girls keep asking me "  where can I take English classes so I can get more clients ? " " We pull up to chat with Taina , an 18-year-old transsexual who has been working the streets since she was a minor . "  Sometimes people want trannies , sometimes they want girls , " she says . Hiding down side streets She says that child prostitutes hide down side streets or behind bus stops . According to critics , officials have pushed the child sex trade out of sight , but have n't done enough to eradicate its root causes . They warn underage prostitution could explode during the World Cup . "  These girls come from extreme poverty , a culture of social exclusion and a tradition of profound disrespect for women , " says Antonia Lima Sousa , a state prosecutor . She says the desperation is so great , some parents even put their own children on the street . But there is also a serious problem with organized crime . "  It involves a whole tourism network , from agencies to hotels to taxis , " she says . "  With these mega events , sexual exploitation is also going to be organized much more via the Internet . " Despite promises to eradicate child prostitution , the number of estimated child sex workers in Brazil stood at about half a million in 2012 , according to the non-profit National Forum for the Prevention of Child Labor . Fortaleza is considered a hotspot for child sex tourism , due in part to the widespread poverty as well as a now long-standing reputation that means potential clients continue to seek out the beach resort over other Brazilian destinations , often chartering planes direct from Europe , according to prosecutors . It will also host six World Cup games including teams and fans from Germany , Greece , Mexico and the Ivory Coast . A total of 600,000 foreign visitors are expected in Brazil and another three million Brazilian fans are expected to travel around the country . New ad campaign The Brazilian government set aside 8 million reais , or about $ 3.3 million , to combat the child sex trade in host cities . Footballers have also taken a stand in a new ad campaign ahead of the 2014 World Cup , featuring Brazil 's David Luiz and England 's Gary Lineker , among others . "  Sadly , some people will use this opportunity to sexually exploit children , " Lineker says in the video . "  Paying for sex with anyone 17 or under is absolutely illegal . " In Fortaleza , there has been a police crackdown on child prostitution and the city government says it has implemented new programs , but officials refused to be interviewed by CNN . We were welcomed by a handful of non-profit groups helping get children and adolescents off the street . O Pequeno Nazareno works directly with street children , including young boys who have been forced into the sex trade , offering food and shelter and even organizing a football team . The Catholic group Sisters of Remption takes in pregnant teens who have been sexually exploited . There we meet Bruna , who was 12 when she ended up on the street , addicted to crack cocaine . She says she tried not to get involved in prostitution . "  There was a time when I had to , it was my last resort , " she says . "  I went to a motel with this guy who was 47 and got my 20 reais . " That 's about $ 9 . Bruna is now 15 and eight months pregnant . She is living in a small , but neat room in the sisters ' house , with her own bed , a crib and a private bathroom . Sister Maria says that last June during the Confederations Cup , a kind of dry run for the World Cup , underage prostitutes and street children were swept up by police and taken to a shelter outside of town . But after the tournament was over , they were turned loose . Police refused to speak with CNN for this report . "  They are n't worried about these children growing up in a healthy environment , with jobs and housing , health and education , " she says . "  They 're worried about hiding them . " Job training for victims Nearby , the non-profit Vira Vida provides basic schooling and job training for young victims of sexual exploitation . Many turn into cooks , hairdressers and computer technicians . Jucileide , now 21 , completed the training and has an internship at a bank . "  I was a call girl , " she tells us . "  I was 13 when I started . " At first she did n't tell her unemployed mother . "  When she discovered , I was 15 . She cried and asked me to stop , but I said "  mom , it 's easy money . " " The next day , Jucileide takes us to the beach bars where she used to pick up foreign tourists . "  The ones that have more call girls are those two , " she says pointing to plastic yellow tables and chairs that line the sidewalk , full of a mix of locals and tourists . At night , they fill with older foreign men , mostly from Europe . Young women in skimpy clothing hover nearby , exchanging phone numbers or walking off arm-in-arm with the older men . Experts say that after hotels started barring girls under 18 , clients began to rent apartments or head to so-called love motels . The late-night scene down the road is much more brazen . Prostitutes hang out on corners and even congregate in front of the police station , shaking their backsides at cars as they drive by . Fake IDs Many look like they are barely in their teens , but experts say they use fake IDs . Down a side alley , we find two girls who say they 're 16 and 17 but look much younger . They do n't smile and talk barely above a whisper . "  I 've been doing this for two months , " says one girl . The other one says : "  We use the money to buy things we need , clothes , school supplies . " They say they do n't have pimps or protectors and when clients refuse to pay , they have to walk hours to get home . On every corner , another sad story . Some girls even tell us they stayed on the streets through teenage pregnancies , including Jucileide . She turned her life around with the help of Vira Vida , but says where she comes from , the sex trade is easy money .	Just past a World Cup stadium is a notorious red light district Brazil agencies are cracking down on child prostitution ahead of the tournament One survivor tells CNN girls see selling sex as easy money Critics say child sex trade is being pushed aside for the World Cup but not tackled
EW.com  -- The USS Enterprise picked up steam throughout the weekend , despite a somewhat unimpressive start . Early estimates show that J.J. Abrams ' "  Star Trek Into Darkness "  CinemaScore : A  could bring in $ 70.6 million on the three-day weekend , and $ 84.1 million for the four and a half days that it has been open . Though nothing to scoff at , it 's still underperforming according to initial projections , which hoped for a $ 100 million extended weekend and $ 80 million on the three-day . The first "  Star Trek " of the Abrams era opened in early May of 2009 and made an impressive $ 75.2 million on its first weekend out of the gates , without the benefit of 3-D surcharges . This newest film is showing in 336 IMAX 3-D theaters , whereas the first showed in 138 IMAX venues -- accounting for $ 8.5 million in ticket sales on its first weekend . EW review : "  Star Trek Into Darkness " As we previously said , the nature of Abrams ' four different directing projects makes him difficult to analyze in terms of pure box office numbers , so his "  Star Trek " successes and potential will have to stand on its own . The first film stayed in theaters for 21 weeks , ultimately grossing $ 257.7 million for Paramount . This is a franchise that seems separate from its stars . Chris Pine , who plays Captain Kirk , for example , has not proven to be a box office draw on his own . Again , this opening weekend is n't bad , but it 's interesting to think about why it could n't live up to early estimates -- especially considering the runaway success of "  Iron Man 3 . " Perhaps four years is too big of a gap between films . There was a three-year gap between "  Iron Man 2 " and "  Iron Man 3 , " but releasing "  The Avengers " during the hiatus was likely important for keeping the character present . "  Iron Man 3 " continues to do well at the box office in spite of the new competition from "  Star Trek Into Darkness , " making an estimated $ 35.2 million in its third weekend in theaters . This brings its domestic total to $ 337.1 million . "  The Great Gatsby " took the No. 3 spot with a $ 23.4 million weekend , bringing its domestic total to an estimated $ 90.2 million . The $ 100 million mark is close for Baz Luhrmann , and it would be a first for the Australian director , even accounting for price inflation . This could partially be the Leonardo DiCaprio effect , the ubiquity and appeal of the novel , or an indication that there is room amidst sci-fi and comic book blockbusters for other types of films -- even if this literary adaptation is also a 3-D release . Leonardo DiCaprio : Could anyone else have been Jay Gatsby ? The No. 4 spot went to Michael Bay 's "  Pain & Gain , " which made $ 3.1 million in 2,429 locations . It 's only down 38 percent from last week despite the fact that it lost 874 theaters . The relatively inexpensive  $ 26 million  Dwayne Johnson/Mark Wahlberg flick has made $ 46.7 million domestically so far . Rounding out the top five is "  The Croods , " the Nicolas Cage and Emma Stone-voiced cave-family animated picture , which last appeared on the list two weeks ago . The $ 135 million movie has made an estimated $ 176.6 million domestically in its 9 weeks in theaters . As one of the only family friendly films available in theaters at the moment , it 's unsurprising that it continues to quietly do well . 1 . "  Star Trek Into Darkness " -- $ 70.6 million  3-day 2 . "  Iron Man 3 " -- $ 35.2 million 3 . "  The Great Gatsby " -- $ 23.4 million 4 . "  Pain and Gain " -- $ 3.1 million 5 . "  The Croods " -- $ 2.8 million Noah Baumbach 's "  Frances Ha " also opened this weekend in four theaters , bringing in $ 134,000 with an impressive per theater average . Baumbach 's previous three films all played in under 200 theaters . Check back next weekend for some powerhouse face-offs , with Universal 's "  Fast & Furious 6 , " Warner Bros. "  The Hangover Part III " and Fox 's "  Epic " all opening wide . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	J.J. Abrams ` Star Trek Into Darkness ' landed at No. 1 at the box office Although it made $ 70.6 million in three days , that was lower than initial projections ` Iron Man 3 ' continues to do well despite competition from the new ` Star Trek ' That movie made $ 35.2 million in its third weekend
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Four southern California teenagers have been charged following the apparent drug overdose death of an 18-year-old high school quarterback whose father is a retired NFL player , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said Saturday . Three of the teens have been charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of Griffen Kramer , son of former pro quarterback Erik Kramer , who played for several NFL teams including the Chicago Bears and Detroit Lions , officials said . Griffen Kramer played quarterback at Thousand Oaks High School , which lists him as a 6-foot 210-pound senior . Kramer was found dead October 30 in a friend 's bedroom in Agoura Hills , the sheriff 's office said in a statement . That friend , David Nemberg , 19 , of Agoura Hills , is charged with involuntary manslaughter and possession of a controlled substance , authorities said . After investigating several of Kramer 's acquaintances who were involved in narcotics-related activities , police also charged Corey Baumann , 19 , also of Agoura Hills , with involuntary manslaughter and possession of a controlled substance for sales , the sheriff 's office said . Baumann and Nemberg were each released in lieu of a $ 125,000 bail , authorities said . The two other accused teenagers are minors , whose names were n't released , the sheriff 's office said . A 17-year-old boy from Oak Park , California , was charged with involuntary manslaughter and possession of a controlled substance , the sheriff 's office said . He is being held at Sylmar Juvenile Hall without bail , authorities said . Investigators found "  deplorable " living conditions during the search of the boy 's home and took five children from the residence into protective custody , said authorities . The fourth teen , also a 17-year-old boy , of Agoura Hills , was charged with possession of a controlled substance , the sheriff 's office said . He was released to his parents ' custody , according to police . Police allege Griffen , Nemberg and a juvenile met at Sumac Park in Agoura Hills on October 29 and drove to a nearby cul-de-sac , where Griffen injected narcotics , causing him to instantly become ill and unconscious , authorities said . Nemberg allegedly dragged the unconscious Griffen into his car and then drove him around the area , police said . Nemberg called acquaintances and asked them if he could drive to their residences , but they told him no because their parents were home , police said . Nemberg allegedly took a still unconscious Griffen to Nemberg 's home , authorities said . He did n't seek medical attention for Griffen until the next morning , when Nemberg woke up and saw Griffen was still unconscious , authorities alleged . "  He woke up the following morning and called 911 because Griffen was unresponsive , " Sheriff 's Sgt. Barry Hall said in a statement . Griffen was believed to have been dead for several hours before Nemberg made the call , according to the Los Angeles County coroner 's office . Investigators believe Griffen had likely died from an overdose , but "  we 're still waiting for a toxicology results to determine the ultimate cause of death , " Hall said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Griffen Kramer , 18 , son of a retired NFL quarterback , dies of apparent overdose Two 19-year-old boys and two 17-year-old boys face various charges One allegedly keeps an unconscious Kramer overnight before calling police Kramer was dead for hours before the call was made , police say
Louisiana Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu says she has the 60 votes she needs for the Senate to advance a measure Tuesday that would authorize construction of the Keystone XL pipeline . Landrieu has been scrambling to attract at least 15 Democrats to join 45 Republicans to reach the critical 60-vote procedural threshold . She told reporters at the Capitol on Monday night that she 'd reached that mark . "  I feel very comfortable , " Landrieu said . At least 14 Democrats have said they will support the measure . But it 's not clear who has agreed to provide the final vote or whether Landrieu 's comments simply reflect optimism . One of Landrieu 's top targets , West Virginia Sen. Jay Rockefeller , said it wo n't be him . Another target , Maine Sen. Angus King , an independent who caucuses with the Democrats , said he is leaning against supporting the bill . If she can shepherd the legislation through the Senate , it would allow Landrieu to demonstrate her influence one last time ahead of a Dec. 6 run-off election in Louisiana , where she faces Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy , who sponsored the bill authorizing the pipeline when the House approved it on Friday . If the Senate ultimately passes the Keystone bill , a confrontation could emerge between Congress and President Barack Obama . The president said at a news conference late last week that he does n't want Congress to intervene in the State Department 's long-running consideration of the project -- and offered his most specific critique of it yet . "  Understand what this project is : It is providing the ability of Canada to pump their oil , send it through our land , down to the Gulf , where it will be sold everywhere else . It does n't have an impact on U.S. gas prices , " Obama said at a Friday news conference in Myanmar .	At least 60 senators will vote to advance legislation authorizing the Keystone XL pipeline , Sen. Mary Landrieu says The Louisiana Democrat is trying to pass the bill in time to help in her Dec. 6 run-off election against Republican Bill Cassidy
CNN  -- Roger Federer sent out an ominous message to his rivals by claiming the Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati with a straight sets demolition of Novak Djokovic in the final on Sunday . Federer was getting his hands on his 61st career title after an emphatic win . Federer was playing his second tournament since returning to the ATP Tour circuit after becoming the father of twin girls and was back to his peerless best ahead of the U.S. Open at Flushing Meadow next week . The Swiss maestro swept aside world number two Andy Murray in straight sets in their semifinal match up and afforded Djokovic the same treatment with a 6-1 7-5 victory to claim his 16th Masters crown . Djokovic had played superbly to dispatch former world number one Rafael Nadal in their semifinal and had not dropped a set all week , but had no answer to the world number one . Federer breezed through the opening set , but encountered more resistance in the second , having to save a set point as he served at 4-5 down . But it was saved with a fine service and in the next game he broke Djokovic for the fourth time in the match . Federer duly served out the match to love , claiming his third Cincinnati title as his Serbian opponent netted a return after one hour and 30 minutes . It was his 61st career title . He heads into his defense of the U.S. Open crown having won the last two grand slams at the French Open and Wimbledon to take his tally to a record 15 and as warm favorite . Following his Wimbledon triumph , Federer took an enforced break as his wife Mirka gave birth to Charlene Riva and Myla Rose , but returned to be beaten in the quarterfinals in Montreal by Jo-Wilfred Tsonga . Murray claimed the title , but met his match against a much-improved Federer in Cincinnati .	Roger Federer wins the Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati , Ohio World number one beats Novak Djokovic in straight sets in Sunday 's final Federer bidding for third straight grand slam title at U.S. Open next week
CNN  -- If you 've ever traveled by air , you 've probably gotten soaked on an airline ticket . But not like this . Qantas Airlines Flight 94 to Melbourne had to turn back to Los Angeles about an hour into its trip Wednesday morning when a water pipe started leaking on the upper deck of the plane , according to Australia 's Channel Seven Network . The jet is an Airbus A380 , the world 's only complete double-decker airplane . Video from the network showed water running down the aisle of the plane . The water made its way through the floor and showered economy-class passengers below , the network reported . Crew members moved passengers and gave them blankets to stay dry , the airline said in a statement . Qantas said the passengers were never in any danger , and they 're being put up in hotels while the airline talks to the plane 's manufacturer , Airbus , about what might have caused the situation . The ` happiness blanket ' takes flight on British Airways Is the the most boring inflight movie ever ? Towels optional : Finnair to open unisex sauna in new airline lounge CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	Qantas flight turns back to Los Angeles after water pipe starts leaking Passengers were never in any danger , airline says Officials are talking with Airbus to get the leak fixed
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The mother of Nigeria 's Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala has been released by her kidnappers , five days after she was seized from her home , Nigerian police said Friday . Kamene Okonjo is well and in good health , police spokesman Frank Mba told CNN . "  The Okonjo Family is full of thanks to the Almighty for this happy development , " a finance ministry spokesman said in a statement . Read more : "  Massive manhunt " for captors of Nigeria 's finance minister 's mother Okonjo , an academic who is reportedly in her 80s , was abducted on Sunday from her home in Ogwashi-Uku , in Delta State . The kidnapping sparked what officials described as "  a massive manhunt . " It remains unclear who her abductors were or whether their motive was financial or political . The U.S. State Department warns U.S. citizens against travel to Delta State , among others , because of the risk of kidnappings , robberies , and other armed attacks . Okonjo-Iweala has sought to push through reforms and tackle corruption while in office . She lost her bid in April to become the next president of the World Bank -- the first ever challenge to the U.S. nominee in the institution 's history . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The mother of Nigerian Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala is freed Kamene Okonjo was abducted five days ago from her home Okonjo is well and in good health , a police spokesman says It remains unclear who her abductors were or what their motive was
CNN  -- Storyteller Mark Twain ignited an American love affair with the Mississippi River in the late 1800s with his vivid descriptions in "  The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn " and "  Life on the Mississippi . " Twain described river towns as "  pleasing to the eye and cheering to the spirit " and called the Mississippi Valley "  as reposeful as a dreamland ... nothing to hang a fret or a worry upon . " More than a century later , the romance of the mighty Mississippi , along with a number of other U.S. waterways , continues to attract those seeking an authentic slice of Americana , and a number of cruise lines cater to travelers looking for such a floating escape . Onboard today 's passenger vessels you 're likely to find a library with a book or two by Twain -- along with fine dining , live entertainment , expert lecturers and multiple options for relaxing , or maintaining a fitness regime . Trips gone wrong : Movie moments U.S. river cruising has been growing in popularity for many reasons : These journeys have a European feel with no passport required , they work for multiple generations traveling together , and the logistics make it a breeze compared with getting on a plane or even sailing with the bigger cruise lines . Traditionally filled with a more mature travel crowd , they are n't cheap . But those who take one river cruise tend to take more ; one popular outfit , American Cruise Lines , reports a repeat guest rate of 40 % on average . Here are eight ways to explore the United States via river cruise : Memphis to New Orleans : Lower Mississippi River You 'll still hear the traditional notes of the calliope as you board the historic Queen of the Mississippi , but 21st-century technology also brings this American Cruise Lines paddlewheel riverboat to a new level of comfort and convenience . Eight-day voyages cruise from Memphis , Tennessee ; New Orleans ; St. Louis ; or St. Paul , Minnesota , on the iconic Mississippi River . The cruise between Memphis and New Orleans highlights the music , cuisine and culture of these two vibrant cities but allows plenty of time to soak up the setting that Twain called "  reposeful as a dreamland , " with stops at sprawling Southern plantation homes and Civil War battlefields . Also onboard : a putting green and a workout area . Rates begin at $ 4,195 per person . St. Paul to St. Louis : Upper Mississippi River Every autumn , when the riverbanks are drenched in shades of red and gold , the elegant flagship vessel of the American Queen Steamboat Co. travels the Upper Mississippi River , with stops that include a glimpse of Amish country in La Crosse , Wisconsin , and a tribute to the agricultural accomplishments of John Deer in Davenport , Iowa . Twain 's boyhood home of Hannibal , Missouri , is also on the itinerary . Other themed sailings on the American Queen honor everything from baseball legends to Route 66 , and longer itineraries sail on multiple rivers . Rates begin at $ 2,495 per person for the nine-day journey , $ 4,495 for a 14-day trip on the Ohio and Mississippi . World 's 15 best rivers for travelers Pacific Northwest : Columbia and Snake rivers Set your sights on spring and the inaugural season of the opulent American Empress , the newest addition to the American Queen Steamboat Co. line . Seven-day voyages will travel between Portland , Oregon , and Clarkston , Washington , with stops to visit the natural wonders and historic landmarks of the region such as Mount Hood and the Lewis and Clark Interpretive Center . Native American history , a number of wineries and the opportunity to zip-line above Oregon are additional highlights . With five decks and accommodations for 223 guests , it is one of the larger vessels plying U.S. rivers , and American Queen Steamboat President Ted Sykes cites a "  rebirth of U.S. river cruising " as one reason for the company 's expansion . Rates start at $ 3,795 per person . Alaska : Waterways near Juneau Small ships can mean big adventure in the 49th state . Think grizzlies and glaciers when you drift through straits and fjords on the Island Spirit , a 32-passenger , all-inclusive boat that leaves Alaska 's capital city to explore small towns and coastal cities between wildlife sightings . Onboard naturalists are part of this nine-day journey that can also involve kayaking , hiking and trekking across icy blue glaciers . Inuit culture also is weaved into the itinerary . Book through USA River Cruises ; rates start at $ 3,995 per person . Travel photos we wish we 'd taken New York 's Hudson River Valley If you 're game for some extraordinary leaf-peeping along the river that Henry Hudson explored in 1609 , American Cruise Lines offers an eight-day trip leaving from New York City that whisks passengers into the world of millionaire mansions , art centers , maritime museums and two capital cities -- the state 's second capital , Poughkeepsie , and the current one , Albany . Set your bags in your cabin and get to the deck ; you wo n't want to miss a minute of daylight with the sun lighting up the Hudson River Valley scenery . You 'll pass by the historic Saugerties Lighthouse and have time to tour the U.S. Military Academy at West Point . This itinerary begins and ends in the Big Apple so travelers can start or cap their trip with some big-city fun . Rates begin at $ 3,245 per person . Charleston , South Carolina , to Jacksonville , Florida It 's hard to leave the palmetto palms of Charleston , but with this Blount Small Ship Adventure , you 'll discover the Lowcountry , get a lesson in Southern history and find proof that Southern hospitality is flourishing along the waterways of the antebellum South . The eight-day trip navigates a handful of rivers and intracoastal waterways , with stops that include Beaufort , South Carolina ; Savannah , Georgia ; and St. Augustine , Florida . You 'll fill your digital camera disc with sunsets , Spanish moss-covered live oaks and idyllic scenes from Jekyll and Amelia islands . Rates start at $ 2,399 per person . The Great Lakes region : Toronto to Duluth , Minnesota OK , so you 'll need your passport for this cruise that dips into Canada . The journey takes you through all five of the Great Lakes , from Lake Ontario to Lake Superior . The 138-passenger Yorktown passes through busy locks and canals on this 11-day trip filled with Great Lake lore as well as excursion options to Niagara Falls , Michigan 's pristine Presque Isle and the Victorian-era island of Mackinac . Travelers yearning for still more Americana should head for the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village when the ship docks in Detroit for a day . USA River Cruises handles Yorktown bookings , and every cabin has a water view ; rates for the Great Lakes trip start at $ 5,595 per person . The islands of New England Classic New England is the focus on this tranquil seven-day journey run by Blount Small Ship Adventures . Vessels depart from and return to Warren , Rhode Island , carrying fewer than 100 passengers per trip into the realm of serene beaches , rugged bluffs and unique towns such as Cuttyhunk , Massachusetts , where the tides seem to have washed away any sign of 21st-century stress . Whale watching and birding are priorities as you island hop between Nantucket Island and Martha 's Vineyard in Massachusetts and Rhode Island 's Block Island , marveling at gorgeous seaside homes and quaint beach cottages decorated in buoys and other nautical relics . Get a taste of New England during shore excursions with lobster lunches , locally crafted beers and freshly made saltwater taffy . Round trip from Warren . Rates start at $ 1,999 per person .	For a European feel with no passport required , consider a river cruise in the U.S. Board a paddlewheel riverboat that travels between Memphis , Tennessee , and New Orleans Or explore the Pacific Northwest aboard the new American Empress
Washington  CNN  -- A Drug Enforcement Administration agent stationed in Cartagena , Colombia , arranged for a prostitute to have an encounter with a U.S. Secret Service Agent only days before a visit there by President Barack Obama , the Justice Department 's inspector general has found . In a December 20 letter to the top Democrat and Republican on the Senate Homeland Security Committee , the inspector general said the agent admitted his role in hiring the woman , while a second DEA agent said he was intoxicated that night and was unable to "  recall specifically his involvement . " A third DEA special agent was present for a dinner with the Secret Service agent but was not present at a residence where the sexual encounter took place and played no role in facilitating it , the report said . All three DEA agents eventually admitted they had paid for sexual services in Colombia , the inspector general said . The inspector general and a U.S. Attorney determined there was no basis for bringing a criminal charge in the case , but the agents could still face disciplinary action . Scandal : Systematic problem or abberation ? The details of the DEA agents ' actions were spelled out in a summary that Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , on Wednesday forwarded to DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart , expressing concern and demanding to know what was being done . In a letter , first reported Thursday by NBC News , Collins said she found the matter "  troubling . " "  Why have n't the administrative actions been completed given that the ... extremely serious findings ... were relayed to DEA more than three months ago ? " Collins asked . The inspector general had no comment , but the Justice Department report indicated the DEA had been informed of the alleged misconduct in September . Late Thursday , the DEA issued a brief written statement saying , "  This matter is currently under review by the Board of Professional Conduct . " The DEA said it takes these matters "  very seriously . " The Secret Service had no comment . Escort in scandal says her life is ` ruined by this ' As part of the advance detail before Obama 's arrival to attend an April 2012 summit , a dozen Secret Service agents hit the clubs of Cartagena , for a night of drinking that ended with them bringing women back to their hotel rooms . Some of the women received money , and others did not ask for any , but in one case , an agent refused to pay , and the woman summoned a police officer . Nine Secret Service agents implicated in the case resigned or retired . Three were cleared of serious misconduct . Prostitution is legal in Colombia . But the news that some Secret Service agents were drinking heavily and taking prostitutes back to their hotel rooms raised security concerns and tarnished the reputation of the agency charged with protecting the president .	Justice Department inspector general investigated allegations Official found DEA agent facilitated sexual encounter for Secret Service agent Maine senator demands information
CNN  -- All-star slugger Manny Ramirez has been arrested in southern Florida on one charge stemming from a domestic dispute , officials said Monday . The former Boston Red Sox star was arrested at a residence on one charge of touch/strike battery , the Broward County Sheriff 's Office said in a statement . Ramirez , who hit 555 career home runs , announced his retirement from Major League Baseball in April , rather than continue with the league 's drug prevention and treatment program . He was suspended in 2009 for 50 games after violating the league 's drug policy . Ramirez is 39 .	Ramirez is arrested at a residence in connection to a domestic dispute He announced his retirement from Major League Baseball in April
OSLO , Norway  CNN  -- A week of events to mark the presentation of the Nobel Peace Prize to former Finnish president Martti Ahtisaari continues Thursday with a stellar concert in Oslo to be broadcast on CNN.com Live . Former Finnish president Martii Ahtisaari was cited for his work in Namibia and Aceh , Indonesia . Actors Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson are due to host the gala event which features performances from Diana Ross , operatic quartet Il Divo and Swedish singer-songwriter Robyn . The concert will be carried by CNN.com live beginning at 2 p.m. ET Thursday  7 p.m. GMT Thursday  . In an interview Wednesday , Ahtisaari called for a fresh Middle East peace initiative and warned that western powers risked losing credibility unless they acted to solve the conflict . Ahtisaari told CNN 's Jonathan Mann that peace was a "  question of will . " "  All conflicts can be settled and there are no excuses for letting them become eternal , " said Ahtisaari , who was cited for his work promoting Namibian independence in southern Africa and for his "  central role " promoting peace in the conflict-stricken Indonesian province of Aceh . "  It is simply intolerable that violent conflicts defy resolution for decades , causing immeasurably human suffering and preventing economic and social development . " Ahtisaari said that finding a lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians was crucial to the future development of the entire Middle East and Muslim world . "  As Western nations we are losing our credibility ... because we ca n't keep on talking , year after year , that we are doing something . And no one sees any results , " he said . "  People are suffering on both sides , and the saddest thing is that if we do n't help the parties to solve those problems that are in the way of getting the agreement in the Middle East , the situation will become even worse for both parties . " Ahtisaari also called for fresh efforts to eradicate world poverty : "  We must all be able to contribute to our future and to the future of our communities . If the present trend continues , we will be faced with a situation where hundreds of millions of young people will be out of work in countries that are in the early stages in development . "  If nothing is done , we will be creating an effective breeding ground for crime , instability and war . "	Nobel Peace Prize events continue with gala concert in Oslo , Norway Scarlett Johansson , Michael Caine to host ; Diana Ross to perform Concert will be broadcast live on CNN.com Live at 2 p.m. ET  7 p.m. GMT Former Finnish president Martti Ahtisaari was presented with prize Wednesday
CNN  -- Last August , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued an ultimatum : Food manufacturers had one year to make sure any "  gluten-free " products met FDA requirements . That deadline is up . To use the "  gluten-free " label , products must now have an undetectable level of gluten and can not have any ingredient containing wheat , rye , barley , or any their derivatives . If manufacturers continue to use the "  gluten-free " label without bringing their food up to scratch , they will be subject to regulatory action from the FDA .  Some foods , such as pasta , may still be on shelves legally for a while if they were produced before the ruling . A gluten-free diet is the only medically accepted treatment for those who suffer from celiac disease , although gluten-free is increasingly become a popular diet choice for those who do n't have the condition . There are approximately 3 million people in the United States who have celiac disease , and even a small amount of gluten can cause damage in their bodies . Some doctors also believe people can be sensitive to gluten or have a gluten intolerance , which is not as severe . Is gluten-free food a joke ? Gluten is a protein complex found in grains such as wheat , barley and rye . It is typically what gives foods made with these products their chewiness and elasticity . It is pervasive through so many food products , it can be a challenge to steer clear . The new labeling protocols should eliminate uncertainty for consumers , the FDA says . "  Without a standardized definition of ` gluten-free , ' these consumers could never really be sure if their body would tolerate a food with that label , " Andrea Levario , executive director of the American Celiac Disease Alliance , said in a statement . Federal regulations stipulate that the "  gluten-free " label means that the product contains fewer than 20 parts per million of gluten . This measure is the lowest amount scientists can consistently detect in a food . A product labeled "  gluten-free " also ca n't contain any of the following : â $ cents An ingredient that is any type of wheat , rye , barley or a crossbreed of these grains . â $ cents An ingredient derived from these grains that has not been processed to remove gluten . â $ cents An ingredient derived from these grains that has been processed to remove gluten if it results in the food still containing 20 or more parts per million of gluten . The ruling applies to packaged foods only . FDA suggests that consumers remain inquisitive and ask questions about their food in restaurants and other establishments . "  FDA will work with partners in state and local governments with respect to gluten-free labeling in restaurants , " the government agency said . Gluten : 5 things you need to know Gluten-free and well-fed : Baking outside the box More about a gluten-free life from Eatocracy	"  Gluten-free " products must now have undetectable levels of gluten to use that label Products also can not contain wheat , rye , barley or any crossbreed of these grains If manufacturers use the label anyway , they could be subject to FDA regulatory action
CNNMoney.com  -- Is it possible to retire by 50 with an income under $ 60,000 ? Ryan and Hope Wells think so . Hope and Ryan Wells , who make a combined $ 56,000 per year , want to retire early with more than $ 2 million . Married since 2005 , the young Arkansas couple is just starting out . Ryan , 25 , works as a used car salesman , and Hope , 23 , works as a medical billing coder at a hospital . Together they earn an annual $ 56,000 -- above the national average , yet still not exactly easy street in today 's economy . But with a little discipline , they think they can meet their goal of an early retirement . "  I feel pretty comfortable with a target of a little over $ 2 million , " Ryan says . It may sound ambitious , but the Wellses have a plan : put roughly 10 % of their earnings toward retirement , 10 percent toward bills , 30 percent toward debt reduction , 15 percent into taxable mutual funds , and 35 percent to daily expenses and emergency savings . The Wellses have a lot going for their finances . They 're young and have no kids yet . They live in Pottsville , Arkansas , an area that has one of the lowest costs of living in the country . And they 're aggressive investors for their age , currently putting $ 530 per month into stock-only mutual funds . "  Right now , I am really trying to build a strong foundation in our portfolio so that when children or anything else comes along , we are in a very strong position , " Ryan said . But their financial picture is n't all rosy . Like many American families , they 're saddled with credit card debt : about $ 4,500 . But they continually roll their balances onto new zero percent APR promotional credit cards to avoid paying interest . They plan on making steady payments of $ 100 a month and paying off their debt in less than four years . They bought a one-year-old used Ford Mustang for $ 19,000 about four months ago and put monthly payments of $ 330 toward the $ 17,500 left on the loan . Ryan and Hope think they 'll be ready to start a family in about five years , but have n't yet started planning for kids . Meanwhile , they 're working to pay off Hope 's student loans , which total $ 5,500 . For the more distant future , Ryan maxes out his IRA , which currently stands at about $ 22,000 . His job does n't offer a 401  k  plan , but Hope has access to a company-sponsored plan through the hospital . She only contributes the 2 percent that her employer matches , but sometime in the near future she expects a promotion that could nearly double her salary . When her salary increases , she will also max out her retirement contribution . "  We each have some room to grow based on income potential , " said Ryan , who has fairly steady pay despite earning his entire salary on commission from car sales . Ryan and Hope say their priority now is to replenish their emergency fund , which they recently depleted to pay down some debt , as the promotional period on one credit card was ending . They would like to get their savings up to about $ 10,000 , or six months of expenses . Our expert 's take With their current plan , Ryan and Hope are on their way to millionaire status , but maybe not as soon as they 'd like , according to Diana DeCharles , a Certified Financial Planner with AIG Financial Advisors . She says that even with an aggressive 9 percent to 10 percent annual return on their investments , the Wellses will be worth about $ 1.3 million at age 50 -- no small sum , but probably not enough to retire so young . And that 's at their current rate of savings , without any children in the picture . "  Kids are pretty expensive , " DeCharles points out . Between higher costs and education savings , they might have to pull back on their aggressive saving once they have children . DeCharles believes that the Wellses are smart to prioritize their emergency savings , which she recommends they keep in a money market fund with no stock exposure . "  Forget the funds for now , " DeCharles said . "  Especially with the market heading down , they have to build up their cash reserves first . " She also thinks the Wellses are managing their debt well , but they should be wary of opening too many cards . "  Although they are moving their balances to new cards with zero percent interest , if they continue to open new cards to do this they are bringing their credit score down , " she said . "  Their credit score will take a hit for having cards that are maxed out , getting inquiry hits , and opening new cards . " To save up , she suggests the Wellses cut into their monthly entertainment expenses . "  Cook at home , or get movies from the library -- they 're free ! " said DeCharles . But overall , DeCharles thinks Ryan and Hope are in a good position , even if they ca n't retire by 50 . "  They 're doing pretty good , frankly . They did pretty well with their home , and it 's great that they 're saving so much . " E-mail to a friend	Ryan and Hope Wells hope ambitious financial plan will make them millions Their low cost of living helps ; credit card debt , student loans pose obstacles Expert says they 're on their way , but may not be able to retire by 50
CNN  -- Martin Skrtel 's early own goal gave Fulham a historic first win at Anfield on Tuesday and left Liverpool in danger of finishing outside the top eight in the English top flight for the first time since 1954 . With Saturday 's FA Cup final against Chelsea in mind , Reds manager Kenny Dalglish rested a host of first-choice players , including Luis Suarez , Steven Gerrard and goalkeeper Pepe Reina . The home side made the worst possible start when Skrtel headed in former Liverpool defender John Arne Riise 's cross , and could n't recover against a Fulham team that had won only three previous away games this season . The London club moved level on points with eighth-placed Liverpool , while Everton edged closer to finishing above their Merseyside rivals for the first time in seven years with a 1-1 draw at Stoke . An own goal by Stoke striker Peter Crouch -- the 1,000 th goal of this Premier League season -- gave Everton the lead after 44 minutes before fellow forward Cameron Jerome came off the bench to snatch a point in the 69th minute . Everton lost to Liverpool in the FA Cup semifinals , but the draw left David Moyes ' side three points above the Reds with two league games to play . Liverpool were booed off by their home fans , having won three of the last 13 league games and only five times at home in the Premier League all season . "  Our attitude was n't right , and if you go in with a bad attitude you 're going to get a bad performance , " said Dalglish , whose team won the English League Cup in February . In La Liga on Tuesday , Villarreal secured a vital 3-2 win at Sporting Gijon that moved them closer to safety and all but condemned the opposition to the second division . Marcos Senna put the visitors 2-1 up from the penalty spot just before half time and Hernan Perez added a third in the 56th minute before a late consolation from Alejandro Galvez . The end of the game was marred by the home fans throwing objects onto the pitch as they saw their team slump to a loss that leaves them needing to win their last two games and hope Rayo Vallecano lose both theirs . Villarreal will be safe if Zaragoza do not beat Levante on Wednesday , as will Granada who beat Espanyol 2-1 thanks to a first-half double by Nigerian striker Odion Ighalo . Getafe could only draw 1-1 at home to relegated Racing Santander to damage their chances of qualifying for the Europa League . In Serie A , Roma seem destined to miss out on Champions League qualification after playing out a 0-0 draw in torrential rain at Chievo . If they are to finish third , Roma need to win their last two games and hope neither Napoli , Lazio , Inter Milan nor Udinese take more than three points from their final three matches .	Fulham beat Liverpool 1-0 for the first ever win at Anfield Everton draw 1-1 at Stoke to move three points clear of Liverpool Villarreal edge closer to safety in Spain with 3-2 win over Sporting Gijon Roma 's Champions League hopes suffer after 0-0 draw at Chievo in Serie A
CNN  -- In the last 30-plus years , Bob Pittman has helped found MTV , became a successful producer , headed Time Warner 's Six Flags theme parks division , ran the Century 21 real estate company , took over AOL in its formative years and was chief operating officer of the merged AOL Time Warner . Now he 's getting back to his roots : radio . Three years after making an investment in the sometimes maligned Clear Channel , the largest radio company in the United States , he 's the CEO . In a phone interview with CNN , his Mississippi twang contrasting with his rapid-fire delivery , Pittman talked about why he got back into radio , his responses to criticism of Clear Channel and lessons he 's learned during his career , which started at a radio station in Brookhaven , Mississippi , when Pittman was 15 . The following is an edited and condensed version of the interview : CNN : Why do this ? Bob Pittman : As I began looking at the company a couple years ago , I was stunned to find the real facts . By reading the press , I thought that radio was somehow in trouble and was following the path of television and having all sorts of fragmentation problems , and nothing could be further from the truth . It 's been remarkably stable . And when I looked at technology , I looked at it as an opportunity , not a risk . CNN : In recent years , with voice-tracking and consolidation of personnel , Clear Channel has seemed to become less local . Do you want to bring it back to its local base ? Pittman : I think it is still local , and I think people have misinterpreted what we 're doing if people think we 're making things less local . We 're still providing the news and the weather and the emergency services and local contests , local promotions , etc. . What we 're able to do now is we 're able to tap into a lot of talent we 've got nationally . We have the ability for the person from a remote studio to still talk about the town , and we have local people in the town who are directing the person as to what 's important and developing those local relationships . Local is still paramount to us and very important to making a radio station a radio station . CNN : There were cutbacks over Thanksgiving . How does that fit in with the overall plan ? Pittman : Actually , our head count has not gone down as a company . We 're constantly rebalancing . Technology has changed the way we work and where we need our people . We 've built an entire national advertising sales and marketing and partnership group . We 've added technology groups , an entire digital group . The way we 're doing business today is trying to reflect the way people are living . It 's one of the problems with any company started after the Internet -- you really have to go in and adjust it to new technology . CNN : There are all kinds of other technologies jockeying with radio . How do you compete against them ? Pittman : We do n't compete with that . I think again you 've got to go back and look at what radio is . Radio is very different from someone 's music collection , and the two have always co-existed very well together . Your music collection is really where you curate music exactly for you at that moment you 're living , and you do n't want any interruptions . Radio is actually the exact opposite . Yes , we play music ,  but  turning on the radio is like walking into your favorite bar where everybody knows you and you know them , and you say , "  What 's up ? " So we tell you about new music , we play new music , we 've got gossip , we 've got call-ins , we 've got listeners on the air , we 've got contests , we 've got jokes . You hit your favorite personality who is really like your best friend . People have always had music collections  and  always had radio . That has n't changed . CNN : How does  Clear Channel 's website  IHeartRadio fit in ? Pittman : What we want is to find more listening occasions . About 30 % of the listening to stations on IHeartRadio is done to stations outside their markets . If you 're sitting in Brookhaven , Mississippi , and you want to find out what 's going on in New York , you might tune in to Z100 , the same way when I was a kid growing up in Brookhaven , Mississippi , I listened to WLS in Chicago because I was fascinated to listen to a slice of the big city . In addition to that , we do the custom radio stations , like a Pandora -- a playlist creator -- and Perfect Four , playlists created for certain activities . We also have Facebook deeply embedded in IHeartRadio , which allows people to share what they 're doing , so it becomes a social experience as well . In terms of the digital revolution we 're way behind , but we do think it 's a terrific opportunity for us . CNN : What are the positives and negatives about being the 800-pound gorilla ? Pittman : We 're No. 1 in all media . Just our radio  stations  reach 239 million people a month . But when people call you an evil empire , what they 're saying is , you 're not doing anything new and exciting . And I think the opposite side of having a big platform to play with is you can do great stuff . We try to be very attuned to what 's important to our listeners , and we have an obligation to help our listeners and help our communities . And we view part of our job is to connect the music to the fans . That 's what radio does . CNN : What are some of the lessons you 've learned in your career ? Pittman : The good news is I 've been in a lot of different industries . I spent many years in the Internet business , I was there at the birth of the national cable networks , I 've been an advertiser .  The late Time Warner chief  Steve Ross taught me to take chances -- do n't ever think you 've arrived .  Entrepreneur  Henry Silverman gave me great lessons about controlling costs and making sure you 're really getting a return on your money . We funded our digital growth and these great initiatives by getting rid of some things that were legacy that were n't applicable to operations today . It 's constantly being in touch both with the consumer and being realistic as to where technology is today and where we need to be allocating our resources .	Bob Pittman is CEO of Clear Channel , nation 's largest radio company Pittman started in radio , co-founded MTV , became noted entrepreneur Radio can co-exist with new technology , he says Pittman is focusing on digital side for growth
FLORES , Guatemala  CNN  -- In the rain forests of Central America grows the nutrient-rich Maya nut . The marble-sized seed can be prepared to taste like mashed potatoes , chocolate or coffee . To those who stumble upon the nuts on the ground , they 're free for the taking . Erika Vohman 's Equilibrium Fund teaches women how to reap the benefits of the Maya nut . The problem , however , is that many people living in areas where the Maya nut grows abundantly do n't know about it . Erika Vohman is trying to change that -- and improve rain forest conservation and women 's status in the process . "  People are living right there , in extreme poverty , not even eating more than one meal a day and there 's Maya nut lying all around , " Vohman said . "  They do n't eat it because they do n't know . " Vohman has traveled to Honduras , Mexico , Guatemala , Nicaragua and El Salvador , conducting workshops that teach women how to harvest , prepare and cook or dry the prolific seeds into tasty , hearty foods . The 45-year-old biologist first encountered the Maya nut while visiting rural Guatemala a decade ago for an animal rescue effort . An indigenous colleague told her of the native resource , once an essential food staple of his Mayan ancestors ; the civilization had widely cultivated the large tropical rain forest tree , the Brosimum alicastrum , that produces the Maya nut . That colleague prepared a Maya nut soup for Vohman and she found it delicious . Having watched impoverished Guatemalan communities clear rain forests to plant food , it struck Vohman that the key for uplifting Central American communities was to help them return to their roots . She subsequently attended graduate school and learned how she could help these populations make the most of Maya nut -- a resource that did n't require forest destruction for planting . In 2001 , Vohman created The Equilibrium Fund to help alleviate poverty , malnutrition and deforestation by teaching communities about their native Maya nut forests . Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes Far-reaching benefits of the Maya nut With one tree able to produce as much as 400 pounds of food a year , using the Maya nut prevents rain forest clear-cutting to harvest other foods and increases populations ' food supplies . Dried , the Maya nut can be stored for up to five years -- a lifeline for regions with frequent drought . The Maya nut has high levels of nutrients including protein , calcium , fiber , iron and vitamins A , E , C and B. "  For some reason , people have stopped eating this food , which is one of the most nutritious foods you can get , " Vohman said . It is also less susceptible to climate changes than the crops that had been brought in to replace it . In the rural village of Versalles , Nicaragua , women gather and cook the Maya nuts into pancakes , cookies , salads , soup and shakes that feed their community year-round . It is one of 700 communities so far where "  The Maya Nut Revolution , " as it has come to be known , has taken hold . Watch how the Maya nut is transforming communities in Central America " "  These women are responsible for raising the next generation , " Vohman said . "  If a woman 's not educated and does n't have access to any job opportunities , it makes it really hard . Our workshops -LSB- help them -RSB- acquire the skills and knowledge to feed their families and better their lives . " Training rural women about the Maya nut has made them champions of rain forest conservation and reforestation , as well as entrepreneurs who turn Maya nut products into income . Training empowers women to educate others in neighboring communities , subsequently spreading the wealth . Watch women use the Maya nut in their workshops with Vohman " The Equilibrium Fund has taught more than 10,000 women across five countries about Maya nut for food and income . More than 800,000 Maya nut trees have been planted for rain forest conservation . The group has found that where the Maya nut tree disappears , 50 to 80 percent of local species are wiped out in six months to a year . Seeing the widespread effect of her group 's endeavors keeps Vohman going . "  It 's impacting gender equality . That 's a huge paradigm shift , " she said . "  We 're having an impact on the environment , an economic impact and also motivating reforestation . It 's really amazing . " Want to get involved ? Check out The Equilibrium Fund and see how to help .	Erika Vohman teaches women in Central America the value of their native Maya nut Nutrient-rich seed grows abundantly in rain forest but many are unaware of it With Vohman 's help , communities have planted more than 800,000 trees Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- The showdown between the Vatican and America 's largest group of Catholic nuns is expected to peak this week when group leaders will meet to determine a response to the Vatican 's reprimand for the group 's "  radical feminist themes . " The church also demands major reforms from the nuns ' group . The Leadership Conference of Women Religious , initially surprised by the Vatican 's report last month , "  plans to move slowly , not rushing to judgment " when the group 's 21-member board meets for three days in Washington , D.C. , beginning Tuesday . "  The board will conduct its meeting in an atmosphere of prayer , contemplation and dialogue and will develop a plan to involve LCWR membership in similar processes , " the group said in a statement . "  We will engage in dialogue where possible and be open to the movement of the Holy Spirit . We ask your prayer for us and for the Church in this critical time . " Last month , the Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith , the Catholic church 's doctrinal watchdog , did a years-long "  doctrinal assessment " investigation of the group -- which represents 80 % of the Catholic nuns in United States -- and found "  serious doctrinal problems . " The Vatican accused the LCWR of sponsoring "  certain radical feminist themes incompatible with the Catholic faith in some of the programs and presentations . " The Vatican report , made public by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , said the doctrinal assessment began in part because of the group 's dissent on the Holy See 's teaching on the ordination of women and human sexuality . The Catholic Church ordains only men to be priests and says sex is to be between a man and woman who are married in the eyes of the church . While the assessment praised the social justice work of the group and other organizations such as Network and the Resources Center for Religious Life , it said the groups were "  silent on the right to life from conception to natural death , a question that is part of the lively public debate about abortion and euthanasia in the United States . " Simone Campbell , a nun who 's executive director of Network , a national Catholic social justice lobby in Washington , said her "  hunch " is that the LCWR will put together an outline response this week to be presented to the group 's full assembly during its August meeting . "  I think the results for the media will be very anticlimactic because we as Catholic sisters do things with a lot of prayer and very slowly , " Campbell about this week 's meeting . "  It 's going to be like watching paint dry , " she added in a CNN interview . The Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith appointed Archbishop Peter Sartain of Seattle to institute the reforms . The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops is providing support to Sartain , and the LCWR is n't expected to publicly address the Vatican report until after this week 's meeting , said Mary Ann Walsh , spokeswoman for the bishops ' conference . Nuns in various orders around the United States have been conversing about the Vatican report , and their reactions have been "  surprised , stunned , shocked , " Campbell said . She said the report left her feeling "  as being suspect . " "  For myself , the shock made me numb at first , and then I was profoundly sad that my life as a woman religious and my commitment to serving the poor would be so denigrated by the leadership of our church , " Campbell said . "  All we do is work for love . " For the report to say "  you do n't do everything , " Campbell said , is "  ridiculous . " "  They 're saying we 're silent on some issues . It 's not our issue . Other people do those works , " Campbell said . The report took note of public statements from the nuns that opposed the Catholic Bishops . The Leadership Conference of Women Religious and Network vocally disagreed with the Bishops ' conference 's position on the Affordable Care Act , which they supported and the Bishops did not . The Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith called the current doctrinal and pastoral positions of the groups "  grave and a matter of serious concern , " because of the global influence of the groups . Some observers of the church say the Leadership Conference may take a low-key position in its response and seek to defuse a confrontation . Others such as CNN 's senior Vatican analyst John Allen said the Vatican report has basically decreed that the LCWR "  needs an overhaul in which it will have a tighter relationship with the bishops . " "  Basically , it needs to be more obedient , " said Allen , who 's also a senior correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter , based in Kansas City , Missouri . The American nuns ' group could do one of three options this week : it could go along with everything the Vatican is saying ; it could offer to work and negotiate with the Vatican but say "  let 's talk " ; or it could say "  we 're not going to play ball and we 're going to walk away , " Allen said . The last option would essentially mean "  we 'll disband the LCWR and let it die on the vine and go off and do our own thing , " Allen said . "  That 's what on the table here : How do the nuns want to respond to the crackdown that they received from the Vatican , " Allen added . He also noted how many of the group leaders are in their 60s and 70s . "  Some of them do n't want to spend the last 10 years of their life engaged in negotiations with the Vatican , " Allen said . "  Some of them just do n't want to deal with this . This will be the first opportunity where we 'll be able to take the temperature of the group on where the nuns stand on this . "  One way or another , it 's an important crossroads moment , " he added . For Campbell , the Vatican report does n't pose a crisis of conscience . "  It 's not affecting my conscience . It affects my sadness and heart . This life is profound and deep , " Campbell said . "  When politics interferes , it does n't change the depth of the spiritual . It 's annoyance . It 's not an issue of conscience . We 're faithful . " Campbell belongs to the Sisters of Social Service , an order based in Encino , California , and the community is meeting for the feast of the Pentecost from Sunday to Tuesday . The congregation might put together a position statement for the LCWR 's assembly meeting in August , Campbell said . "  We 're open to the Holy Spirit and to let the group wisdom lead us , so I have no idea " on whether on a position will be taken by the order , Campbell said . "  Stay tuned . "	Leaders of a group representing 80 % of U.S. Catholic nuns will meet this week They will address a report by the Vatican that denounces group 's "  radical feminist themes " The Vatican wants major reforms from the American nuns ' group It 'll be an "  important crossroads moments " as nuns respond to Vatican "  crackdown , " analyst says
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad heads to Pakistan and India this week to put the finishing touches on a controversial deal to build a pipeline that would deliver Iranian gas to both countries , Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency says . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad waves as he arrives Monday in Islamabad , Pakistan . Ahmadinejad arrived in Islamabad on Monday for a four-hour visit with newly elected Prime Minister Reza Gilani and President Pervez Musharraf , according to Pakistan 's information ministry . Later in the day , he heads to Sri Lanka before traveling to New Delhi late Tuesday for a short visit , according to Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA . The pipeline , if built , would be about 2,700 kilometers  1,674 miles  long . Pakistan and India , both key U.S. allies , are under pressure from the United States not to sign any kind of agreement with Iran . Some observers have called the project "  the peace pipeline " because of its perceived impact on reducing tension between India and Pakistan , nuclear neighbors that have fought three wars , two of them over the disputed Kashmir region . Watch Ahmadinejad arrive in India " The gas pipeline project , which has been in discussions for over a year , is aimed at supplying Iranian natural gas to Pakistan and India . The pipeline would run from Iran to India , cutting through Pakistan . According to Fars , Ahmadinejad 's visit comes after Pakistani and Indian energy ministers signed an agreement last week , once they had resolved a major "  bone of contention " regarding the route of the gas pipeline . "  Now that all sides have calmed down , President Ahmadinejad will discuss the ` Peace Pipeline ' at the highest levels during his visit to the Sub-Continent , " Fars said . Under the agreement , the pipeline will run through 1,100 kilometers  682 miles  of Iran , 1,000 kilometers  620 miles  of Pakistan and 600 kilometers  372 miles  of India , according to Fars . "  The pipeline will be capable of daily transporting 150 million cubic meters of gas to Pakistan and India -- 90 million cubic meters will go to India and the rest will go to Pakistan , " Fars said . "  The pipeline project was initially estimated to cost $ 4.5 billion , but the cost has been revised to around $ 7 billion . " The United States recently tried to scuttle the pipeline by offering India advanced nuclear technology to make up for the loss of Iranian gas . But Fars reported that India recently declared its readiness to participate in the discussions on the pipeline after more than a year . China -- Iran 's largest trade partner followed by India -- has previously said that it would negotiate in India 's place if New Delhi withdraws from the project , according to Fars . China borders Pakistan to the north . A top adviser to the Iranian president spoke on the eve of Ahmadinejad 's visit about the importance of oil and gas when it comes to putting Western powers "  in their place , " according to Fars . "  Oil and gas are two elements of power at the disposal of the Muslims , " Gen. Yahya Safavi said Sunday , according to Fars . "  If it  the power  be viewed properly  with wisdom  and within the framework of the interests of Islam and Muslims , one can then put the hegemonic powers back in their place . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran and Zein Basravi in Islamabad contributed to this report .	Iranian president traveling to Pakistan , India to discuss pipeline deal Pipeline would bring Iranian gas to the two countries United States has urged Pakistan , India not to sign deal with Iran
CNN  -- Hundreds of South African troops are headed to the embattled Central African Republic , where they will work alongside members of that nation 's military who are trying to quash a rebellion . South African President Jacob Zuma on Sunday announced the deployment of 400 troops "  to render support in fulfillment of an international obligation of the Republic of South Africa towards the CAR . " Read more : Diplomats seek progress on Central African Republic crisis Despite fits and starts in the peace process , the insurgency in the Central African Republic remains an active and real threat to the government of President Francois Bozize . On Saturday , rebels attacked two more towns -- having already seized several others , as well as threatening to head to the capital of Bangui -- according to a government official . Zuma 's directive does not indicate South African troops will fight rebels directly . Rather , the statement says they "  will assist with capacity building of the CAR Defense Force and will also assist CAR with the planning and implementation of the disarmament , demobilization and reintegration processes . " Read more : Central African Republic president seeks help against rebels "  The employment of members of  South Africa 's military  to CAR is one of the efforts that South Africa is making to bring about peace and stability in the region , " said the South African statement , which was released through government spokesman Mac Maharaj . The crisis started in December , when the Seleka rebel coalition accused Bozize of reneging on a peace deal and demanded he step down . They seized towns in the northern part of the landlocked country and threatened to march on Bangui . Bozize has called on the international community , including the United States and France , to help stave off the rebellion . The foreign ministers from the Economic Community of Central African States will meet Tuesday in Gabon 's capital , Libreville , to set an agency for peace talks , said Placide Ibouanga Ndinga , a spokesman for the group . By Thursday , the talks were expected to include the Seleka , opposition party officials , private sector representatives , U.N. officials and Bozize , according to Ndinga . Read more : Rebels assault 2 towns in Central African Republic Still , some in the Central African Republic questioned the utility of such talks , if they occur as rebels continue to wage attacks . "  How can there be peace if the rebels are looting , raping and abducting our civilians ? " said Jules Gauthier Ngbapo , a spokesman for Josue Binoua , minister of decentralization and territorial administration . Ngbapo said that around 1 a.m. Saturday , rebels attacked the towns of Alindao and Kouango , which lie between Bangui and Bambari , a town it already had seized . The rebels yelled to civilians , asking them to come out and promising that they 'd protect them , the spokesman said . He accused the opposition fighters of "  shooting randomly , destroying properties and ... raping civilians . " "  Civilians are afraid , and most of them have fled the town and are now hiding in the forests , " he added . "  But the rebels are still patrolling the towns , waiting for the innocent people to come out . " CNN was unable to confirm the government claims about the occupation of the towns . As the government scrambles to put down the rebellion , alarm is growing as children are separated from their relatives . "  Reliable sources have informed us that children are newly being recruited among their ranks . These reports are of serious concern , " said Souleymane Diabate , the U.N. children agency 's representative in the nation . Armed groups are forcing people younger than 18 to fight , carry supplies and serve as sex slaves , the agency said last Friday . Before the conflict started last month , 2,500 children were linked to various armed groups . That number is expected to rise as the recent conflict continues , officials said . About 300,000 children have been affected by the rebellion , including family separation , sexual violence , displacement and lack of access to education and health facilities . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	South Africa 's president orders the deployment of 400 troops to the Central African Republic The directive says the South African troops help build up the central African nation 's military Rebels began fighting last month , claiming CAR 's president reneged on a peace deal President Bozize has called for international help , and peace talks are set for next week
CNN  -- Russian lawmakers backed a sweeping amnesty law Wednesday that could see jailed members of the Pussy Riot punk protest band released early and arrested Greenpeace activists avoiding prison , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . The law received enough votes in favor in the Duma that it does not require President Vladimir Putin 's signature , Ria Novosti said . The amnesty , to mark the anniversary of the adoption of Russia 's post-Communist constitution in 1993 , will be applied to thousands of Russian prisoners , the agency reported . It is due to take effect on Thursday , according to the Russian government daily newspaper , Rossiyskaya Gazeta . Pussy Riot 's Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina are serving two-year jail terms for their part in a performance critical of Putin , when he was Prime Minister . The performance was held at a Russian Orthodox cathedral in 2012 , and the musicians were found guilty of hooliganism . The women , set to complete their sentences in coming months , have young children and would therefore qualify for the amnesty , RIA Novosti said . In September , 30 people were arrested after a Greenpeace protest at an offshore oil platform in the Arctic and charged with hooliganism . They were told they would face trial . "  With the amnesty also extended to individuals on trial , however , the group may be free from prosecution and its foreign members be allowed to return home , " RIA Novosti said . Russia 's record on human rights is in the spotlight as the country prepares to host the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi in February . CNN 's Olga Pavlova in Moscow and Marie-Louise Gumuchian in London contributed to this report	Russian lawmakers back sweeping amnesty law Pussy Riot members , Greenpeace activists seen affected by law Amnesty to take effect December 19 - report Russia 's human rights record in spotlight as country prepares for Winter Olympics in Sochi
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . With money a bit tight these days , many people searching for jobs would like a salary of $ 80,000 a year . CareerBuilder.com  -- Let 's be honest : Sometimes you do n't care about the job -- you just care about the salary . But it 's awfully hard to look for a job that fits both your salary requirements and your skill set . Not to mention that we always tell you that your work and career should be something you love . Ideally , money is just an added benefit . That being said , we 're also realists . We know that times are tough and at this point , some people just need to get paid . We went to the Bureau of Labor Statistics to look at the latest  May 2008  salary information for the United States and found 30 occupations pay in the $ 80,000 range based on national averages . 1 . Administrative law judges , adjudicators and hearing officers Do this : Conduct hearings to rule on government-related claims ; determine penalties and liability ; and help to craft settlements . Get paid : $ 80,870 2 . Biomedical engineers Do this : Design and develop devices and procedures to help solve health-related problems . Projects might include information systems , artificial organs or artificial limbs . Get paid : $ 81,120 3 . Chiropractors Do this : Diagnose and treat musculoskeletal conditions of the spinal column to prevent disease and alleviate imbalance , pain and pressure believed to be caused by interference with nervous system . Get paid : $ 81,340 4 . Atmospheric , earth , marine and space sciences teachers , post-secondary Do this : Teach courses and research topics in the physical sciences , except chemistry and physics . Get paid : $ 81,470 5 . Agents and business managers of artists , performers and athletes Do this : Represent and promote their client 's business while handling business matters and contract negotiations . Get paid : $ 81,550 6 . Materials scientists Do this : Study the chemical composition of various materials and figure out ways to develop new materials and improve existing ones ; also determine ways to use materials in products . Get paid : $ 81,600 7 . Physician assistants Do this : Perform health-care services and provide treatment plans under a physician 's supervision . Get paid : $ 81,610 8 . Medical scientists , except epidemiologists Do this : Research and investigate human diseases and how to improve human health . Get paid : $ 81,870 9 . Physics teachers , post-secondary Do this : Teach courses and research topics pertaining to the laws of matter and energy . Get paid : $ 81,880 10 . Atmospheric and space scientists Do this : Study the effects the atmosphere has on the environment , most commonly through weather forecasting . Get paid : $ 82,080 11 . Management analysts Do this : Figure out best practices of management by conducting studies and procedures to help companies figure out how to operate more effectively . Get paid : $ 82,920 12 . Producers and directors Do this : Produce or direct , and make all creative decisions for stage , television , radio , video or motion picture productions . Get paid : $ 83,030 13 . Biological science teachers , post-secondary Do this : Teach courses and research topics in biological sciences . Get paid : $ 83,270 14 . Materials engineers Do this : Develop new uses for recognized materials , and develop new machinery and processes to make materials for use in specialized products . Get paid : $ 84,200 15 . Transportation , storage and distribution managers Do this : Oversee transportation , storage or distribution activities in accordance with governmental policies and regulations . Get paid : $ 84,520 16 . Financial analysts Do this : Assess the financial situations of an individual or organization . Get paid : $ 84,780 17 . Electrical engineers Do this : Design , develop and test the manufacturing and installation of electrical equipment . Get paid : $ 85,350 18 . Education administrators , elementary and secondary school Do this : Oversee all activities of public or private elementary or secondary schools . Get paid : $ 86,060 19 . Industrial-organizational psychologists Do this : Work with companies to solve problems within the company . You may help with policy planning ; employee screening , training and development ; and organizational development and analysis . Get paid : $ 86,460 20 . Computer software engineers , applications Do this : Build computer applications software and code ; ensure that all software projects adhere to a company 's technology and business standards . Get paid : $ 87,900 21 . Economics teachers , post-secondary Do this : Teach courses and research topics in economics . Get paid : $ 88,330 22 . Biochemists and biophysicists Do this : Study the chemical composition and physical principles of living cells and organisms , their electrical and mechanical energy , and related phenomena . Get paid : $ 88,450 23 . Art directors Do this : Create design concepts and presentation in artwork , layout design and copywriting for visual communications media . Get paid : $ 88,510 24 . Electronics engineers , except computer Do this : Design , develop and test a wide range of electronic equipment , from CD players to global positioning systems . Get paid : $ 88,670 25 . Medical and health services managers Do this : Supervise medical and health services in hospitals , clinics and similar organizations . Get paid : $ 88,750 26 . Chemical engineers Do this : Design chemical plant equipment and create processes for manufacturing chemicals and products . Get paid : $ 88,760 27 . Geoscientists , except hydrologists and geographers Do this : Study the composition , structure and other physical aspects of the Earth . Get paid : $ 89,300 28 . Veterinarians Do this : Provide health care for family pets , livestock and zoo animals . Provide check-ups , treat diseases and advise caretakers on how to best raise their animals . Get paid : $ 89,450 29 . Construction managers Do this : Oversee all activities concerned with the construction and maintenance of structures , facilities and systems . Get paid : $ 89,770 30 . Sales engineers Do this : Sell business goods or services , the selling of which requires a technical background equivalent to a bachelor 's degree in engineering . Get paid : $ 89,770 Jobs by Salary , a new salary tool from CBSalary.com , allows you to search for jobs by salary based on where you live or work in the United States Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Bureau of Labor Statistics 2008 report lists dozens of jobs paying at least $ 80,000 Physics and post-secondary biology teachers can earn as much as $ 81,880 Sales engineers get paid the most on the list , at $ 89,770
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Many fans will always remember where they were when they heard the "  King of Pop " had died . The rapper The Game will always remember what he did afterward . The Game created a tribute to Michael Jackson -- video and all -- within a day of Jackson 's death . That same day , Thursday , June 25 , he rounded up some famous friends , recorded a song , shot a music video and got a Michael Jackson tattoo etched on his upper arm . Actually , he got the tattoo while he was in the studio recording the track . Some people know how to multitask . The tune , "  Better on the Other Side , " is n't available for sale yet -- although he 's hoping it will hit iTunes very soon . Because the record company was caught off guard , it is still playing catch-up . Game says all proceeds from the sale of the single will be donated to Michael Jackson 's family . The companion music video is all over YouTube . In it , the 29-year-old shares the spotlight with Chris Brown , who sings the hook as a counterpoint to Game 's rap . It 's the first project Brown has appeared in since he pleaded guilty to assaulting his former girlfriend , Rihanna . The video , in various forms , had received more than 750,000 views as of Thursday evening -- not bad for less than a week in release . In the following interview , The Game  born Jayceon Taylor  recounts how the project came together -- with a little help from Lady Luck and the muse of Michael Jackson . CNN : You may be the first well-known artist to have a Michael Jackson tribute out there . The Game : I did n't want to wake up the next morning and have somebody spread a tribute all over the Internet , and I was n't a part of it . So I decided to take matters into my own hands . CNN : Did you already have the beats pre-recorded ? The Game : No . The first thing I did was call DJ Khalil ... and I told him , "  Yo , I need you in the studio , and by the time I get there , I need a Michael Jackson tribute song made -LSB- the music bed -RSB- . I need violinists , I need pianists , I need everyone in there for a production . " And then I started reaching out to Diddy . He 's on a set 18 hours a day , but he said he 'd get it done some way , somehow . Talked to Chris Brown . He and -LSB- his manager -RSB- Tina Davis said they were on their way to the studio -- so they told me after I do my part , to bring it over and Chris will do the hook . Before I took the beat over to Chris , Boyz II Men walked into the studio randomly -- so they took it to their studio next door , laid down all the background vocals . Then I took it to Mario -LSB- Winans -RSB- , then I took it to Diddy . In the meantime , me and my boy Taydoe -- we running around to the hospital , to the Jacksons ' house , to the star on Hollywood , getting all this -LSB- secondary -RSB- footage -LSB- for the video -RSB- . Crazy . CNN : This was the day he died , on Thursday ? The Game : It was just the day . By Friday , everything was done -- video , everything . We did it in 15 hours . Watch a report about Jackson 's final days " CNN : You made the music video for $ 500 . The Game : All in tapes , $ 500 went to tapes , HD high-definition tapes . CNN : At the end of the video , you reveal a new tattoo . The Game : Yeah , I 'll show you . I thought if I was going to get a Michael Jackson tattoo , I would get a more menacing one .  The tattoo shows the "  King of Pop " with a bandanna over the lower half of his face . CNN : Had you ever met Michael ? The Game : I never met him in person , but he tried to mediate a truce between myself and Curtis Jackson -LSB- aka 50 Cent -RSB- , and I was n't having it at that time . CNN : How did that happen ? Did somebody call you and say , "  Please hold the line for Michael Jackson ? " The Game : At first my managers called me and they said , "  Mike -- Michael Jackson -- is going to want to talk to you in an hour . Exactly an hour . " So I waited an hour , and I 'm like chewing on my fingers in the hotel room ... and the phone rings and a guy comes on and he 's got an English accent . He 's like  affects an English accent  , "  Hello Game , I have Michael Jackson on hold for you . " It was just cool . So Michael comes on , and ... he was like , "  Yo , it 's Mike , and I 'm a big fan of your music , " and starts going into my songs , "  Hate it or Love It " and "  How We Do . " And he 's like , "  I 'm a big fan of 50 's -- every time I get in the car , I tell my driver to play ` In Da Club . ' Would you guys be willing to make a truce , and then put it on my album ? " Listen to Jackson 's biggest hits " And then I was like , "  Yo Mike , we got ta slow down , man ! " This was at the height of me and 50 's little beef , or whatever people called it , but I talked to him for another 35 minutes on why I could n't do it at that time , and at that point in my career , and he was OK with that . He said one day if we decided to do it -- myself and Curtis ' camp -- we could reach out to him . We never got a chance to do it . CNN : So the video also features Chris Brown . It 's the first track we 've heard him on since the hearing last Monday -LSB- June 22 -RSB- . The Game : They were really edgy about getting on it . I think -LSB- his managers -RSB- wanted Chris Brown 's first look to be kind of strategically thought out , and I came so fast with the Michael Jackson tribute -- but we talked it over , and at the end of the day , they thought it was a good idea , so we went ahead and did it . CNN : How is Chris ? I 'm sure you guys talk all the time . The Game : He 's like a little brother to me . I talk to him all the time , and I give him my support . You know , I 'm no stranger to trials and tribulations in life , and the court system . CNN : What are your thoughts about how Michael Jackson died , and how it seems as though prescription drugs may have been involved ? The Game : My thoughts on Michael Jackson are always the same . It does n't matter , the form or fashion he died in . He 's iconic to me , and his untimely demise is felt around the world . You got certain people saying , "  Oh everybody 's loving Michael now , " but that 's neither here nor there . Me , myself -- I loved Michael Jackson to death . My mom sent me a host of pictures with all my "  Thriller " shirts on , and the jacket with the zippers and glove -- me , my sisters and brothers -- so I really do n't care . I just know he left an impact on the world . I think he 's the most cried-for human being since Jesus Christ . It 's just my opinion . CNN : Are you thinking about donating part of the proceeds from the single ? The Game : Oh , all the proceeds of anything that I do that has anything to do with Michael Jackson will go to his family and his children . And that 's just the bottom line .	The Game records "  Better on the Other Side " as tribute to Michael Jackson Rapper greatly admired star ; Jackson tried to mediate between Game and 50 Cent Game : "  He 's iconic to me , and his untimely demise is felt around the world "
By the big smiles , warm hugs and loud cries of ululation , the video seems to show a joyous celebration . An Egyptian prosecutor looked at the same footage and saw something very different : a "  satanic ceremony " with images that are "  shameful , regrettable and anger God . " However it is characterized , the event has landed eight men in jail for three years , an Egyptian court ruled Saturday . The men will face three years of probation upon their release , according to Egypt 's state-run Ahram Online . It 's all because of a roughly 1-minute video set upon a Nile riverboat . It shows several well-dressed men , one of which pulls out a ring and slips it on another man 's finger . The two had a brief kiss , then hug -- all as others on the boat cry out happily around them . There 's a cake with two men 's picture on it . "  May your night be filled with pomp and ceremony , " one man says . The video went viral after posting online . In early September , the suspects were detained as part of an investigation ordered by Prosecutor-General Hisham Barakat for allegedly broadcasting footage that "  violates public decency . " The prosecutor 's office accused the men of "  debauchery " and "  undermining public morals " for their part in what it described as a same-sex wedding . The prosecutor 's statement claims the event took place in April , but was only recently posted as an act of revenge against one of the men filmed in the video . Very soon after , on September 8 , Egypt 's forensic authority announced that seven of the arrested men had been physically inspected and were determined to be "  not gay , " according to another Ahram Online story . The authority 's spokesman , Hisham Abdel-Hamid , said the inspection found that they "  have never had sex with other men . " The eighth suspect -- who was an alleged groom in the video -- did n't show up for a physical inspection , according to the report . A man in the video has denied , in an interview with privately owned Rotana Masriya TV , that it depicted a marriage between the two men . Rather , he claimed that he was holding a birthday party for a friend and gave him a silver ring as a gift . There are no laws explicitly against same-sex relations in Egypt . Still , other laws -- such as those against "  shameless public acts " -- have been used in recent years to arrest and prosecute gay men in recent years , Ahram Online notes . The eight men in this case , for instance , were convicted on charges of "  debauchery . " In September , a judicial source told Ahram that six men were arrested and soon thereafter sentenced to two years in jail with labor for "  committing debauchery " after an apartment raid . Four men were sentenced to prison in April for similar morality charges . And in 2001 , Egypt arrested more than 50 men in a raid on a gay nightclub on the Queen riverboat .	Eight arrested after an online video showed what authorities called a same-sex wedding A prosecutor called it a "  satanic ceremony " with images that are "  shameful ... and anger God " Homosexuality is not explicitly outlawed in Egypt ; gays have been charged in other ways
CNN  -- Seydou Keita wrecked any chance of a Bayern Munich comeback in their Champions League quarterfinal return with a second half equaliser as Barcelona drew 1-1 for an emphatic 5-1 aggregate win . Bayern scorer Franck Ribery embraces Barcelona 's Lionel Messi after Bayern 's European exit . Primera Liga leaders Barcelona arrived in Germany with a comfortable first leg cushion and will now host Chelsea in their semifinal first leg at the Nou Camp on April 28 . No side in the tournament 's history had overturned a four goal deficit and Bayern were always up against it . "  We were much better in the personal duels , things were a bit more normal , and we played the way you need to against such a good team , " said Germany defender Philipp Lahm . "  But unfortunately we have still lost the tie . " And Bayern Munich president Franz Beckenbauer -- who was scathing after the first-leg debacle -- said the Germans had gone some way to redemption . "  I think the team has rehabilitated itself , although Barcelona 's equalising goal was needlessly conceded " , said Beckenbauer . After going close in the first-half , Franck Ribery finally unpicked the Barcelona defense on 47 minutes before Keita equalised for the Spanish with less than 20 minutes left . No Spanish side has ever won the treble of league , Kings Cup and Champions League , but Barcelona are on course to take all three titles as coach Josep Guardiola hopes to lead the Spaniards to a third European title after 1992 and 2006 . France striker Thierry Henry succumbed to a high temperature for Barca , while Bayern 's Germany strikers Lukas Podolski and Miroslav Klose were ruled out with calf and ankle injuries respectively . That left Italian World Cup winner Luca Toni as the lone forward with Ribery playing just behind him . Bayern coach Jurgen Klinsmann was booed by his own fans before kick-off , but this result on the back of the weekend 's 4-0 win over Frankfurt in the German league will have taken some of the pressure off the ex-Germany coach .	Seydou Keita wrecks Bayern Munich comeback bid as Barcelona progress Barcelona led Champions League tie 4-0 from first leg and won 5-1 on agg Spanish giants now face Chelsea at Nou Camp in semifinal first leg clash
CNN  -- Want welfare ? Pee here . That 's the message that a growing number of governors and legislators , mainly Republicans , are sending to their citizens . In statehouse after statehouse , new laws are being proposed and enacted that require recipients of food stamps , welfare , unemployment and other forms of public assistance to be able to pass a drug test first . The idea , say these policymakers , is to ensure that precious tax dollars wo n't flow to undeserving free-riders with moral failings . Drug tests , they say , will motivate welfare recipients to clean up their acts and make themselves more employable all around . There are so many things wrong with this . For one thing , it 's the height of hypocrisy for limited-government conservatives like Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who claim they want government out of people 's lives , to champion such intrusive , shaming forms of paternalism . Moreover , these programs typically yield rather few cases of actual "  welfare junkies . " More outrageous , though , is the selective morality at work . When politicians say they want to make public assistance conditional on clean drug tests , they do n't mean all public assistance to all people . They mean assistance to the poorest among us . And with dog-whistle signals about "  inner-city " welfare use , they often mean the brownest and blackest of the poorest among us . That 's why I find this drug-testing agenda repugnant . Yet it does prompt a thought experiment . Imagine , for a moment , if we took these moralistic politicians at their word . Imagine if we instituted a policy nationwide that required anyone receiving taxpayer assistance to have to prove to the government that he or she is not using drugs . Then imagine if we meant every form of taxpayer assistance . Are you the chief executive of Citigroup or another Wall Street firm that received many billions of dollars in TARP bailout money ? Fill this cup , please . And if you subscribe to the belief that corporations are people because a corporation is an association of persons , then every person who works at Citigroup had better get in line , too . After all , we want to make sure that precious tax dollars do n't flow to undeserving free-riders with moral failings . But do n't worry , testing financiers should motivate them to clean up their acts . But it 's not just Wall Street . Do you own a farm that receives federal payments to support the price of your crops ? Did your business ever get a tax break to keep it from relocating ? Does your factory pay unusually low electricity rates because of a nearby public power project ? You must be a drain on the public coffers . Urination-on-demand is now your civic obligation . And of course , it 's not just about the 1 % or businesses . Our federal latticework of direct subsidies and "  tax expenditures " touches most of middle-class America . So , imagine being told you must prove you are n't a drug user before you could claim a home mortgage interest deduction . Before your employer-provided health insurance could be considered excludable from taxes . Before you could receive a subsidized interest rate for your college loan . Welfare -- in the form of subsidies , tax breaks and direct payments -- is everywhere . Sometimes submerged , sometimes visible . The point is n't that welfare is presumptively bad  or , for that matter , good  . The point is that because it is everywhere , welfare in all its various forms should be treated alike . So , if we want as a nation to attach a moral fitness test to the receipt of other people 's money , let 's do it across the board . Indeed , let 's start with the premise that moral fitness requirements should be progressive â $ " that the more welfare you receive , the more stringent and unforgiving the form of testing you should face . Why do n't these preening "  welfare reformers " ever propose that ? Ah yes , because that would require actual political courage . Picking on poor citizens who get a few dollars of cash a day to feed themselves or pay the rent -- that 's politically cost-free . Poor citizens do n't usually vote . Poor citizens are n't usually visible enough to make others share in their suffering . Poor citizens are , in short , the perfect punching bags for elected officials who want to look like they 're tough . But here 's the thing that is unavoidable . Poor citizens are still citizens . To say the words "  equal citizenship " with a straight face , we had all better ask ourselves where each of us would be without public assistance . And then perhaps be ready to join our poorest fellow citizens for a drug test .	New laws are being proposed that require recipients of welfare to pass a drug test He says such programs , supported mostly by GOP , are shameful forms of paternalism Liu : Let 's ask Wall Street CEOs to take drug test since they received taxpayer bailout money Liu : It 's outrageous that politicians use selective morality to pick on poor people
Eight-year-old Laney Brown will never see Christmas again . Her doctors say leukemia will take her soon . Laney loves music . Loves to dance , loves Taylor Swift , loves Christmas carols . As her dying wishes , she asked to meet the country superstar and for some people to come by her house for a night of caroling , CNN affiliate WFMZ reported . On Friday -- her birthday -- Laney and Swift video chatted through FaceTime , a software application that allows callers to see each other on Apple products . Saturday night the singers came . At first it was hundreds of people , then thousands . Then it was 10,000 . They came to her home in West Reading , Pennsylvania , and even though she was too weak to go to the window , she heard the wonderful music . "  I can hear you now !!! Love you ! " she said through a photo her family posted to a Team Laney Facebook page showing the girl , two thumbs up despite a breathing mask , lying in bed . Laney was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia seven months ago . Last week doctors told her family that she has 70 % cancer cells in her blood . She came home from the hospital on Thursday and said she wanted to hear Christmas carols . So two days later people came from all over . Her dance team was there to honor her through one last number . Even Santa showed up . Many of them held back tears . "  I ca n't even express how I feel , " Krysta Rebe , who has a daughter Laney 's age , told WFMZ . It was only an hour of singing , but it lifted the spirits of everyone who jammed the block outside the Browns ' home . On Facebook one woman wrote that she had seen and taken part in a miracle . "  As much as I want that miracle to be saving the life of an 8-year-old little girl , Laney , the miracle was an 8-year-old little girl teaching an entire community , town , city and the whole country the true meaning of Christmas , " Marianne Franken wrote . Laney 's parents issued a statement Thursday thanking the public for its support and asking for privacy in the difficult days ahead .	Laney Brown , 8 , has leukemia and doctors say she will die soon She asked to meet singer Taylor Swift and to hear Christmas carolers at her home On Friday she had a video chat with Swift Saturday night , for one hour , people packed the street and serenaded her
Jarkarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The marriage lasted four days and ended in divorce via text message , from the 40-year-old local politician to his 17-year-old wife . Aceng Fikri claimed his young bride Fani Oktara was not a virgin , as she had claimed , so he decided to end the union , his lawyer Ujang Suja'I said . She denied it , and in turn accused Aceng -- who is the head of the district of Garut in West Java -- of spreading baseless accusations against her . Her lawyer Danny Suliwisjaya told CNN that Aceng had deceived his client into marriage . Read more : Divorce attorneys catching cheaters on Facebook Aceng caused a stir after his July wedding to Fani . Although 16 is the legal age for marriage in Indonesia , Aceng was already married with children . Few Muslims practice polygamy , and while it is not against the law , Indonesian civil servants are also prohibited from taking on second spouses under strict regulations governing their private lives . A photo of the alleged wedding ceremony was posted on the Internet . Religious weddings are common in Indonesia but marriages need to be civilly and legally registered . Aceng claimed divorcing his wife through text messaging is allowed under Islamic Sharia law , his lawyer said . Public outrage over the marriage , and subsequent divorce , came after Fani reported Aceng to the police on Monday , asking that he be charged with falsifying his marital status , fraud , defamation and unpleasant conduct . Read more : 4,500 couples participate in Indonesian interfaith marriage ceremony Police are still investigating Fani 's complaint ; as yet , there are no charges against Aceng . There have since been daily protests in Garut , calling for his resignation . The girl 's lawyer , Danny Suliswijaya , told CNN she and her family decided to go public only after months of asking Aceng for an apology . Suliswijaya said Aceng told Fani that he was a widower . "  He said he married Fani as his only wife , so he cheated and failed to tell the truth , " Suliswijaya said . The lawyer claims Aceng also reneged on promises to send her to university and to the minor Hajj in Mecca . The embattled official apologized late Monday but stood by his version of the story . "  If what I did was wrong , even though it was allowed by Islamic law , then I deeply apologize to my family and my ex-wife , " he told reporters . Ujang told CNN they will report Fani and her family to the police , seeking charges of fraud and extortion . "  Aceng accused her of not being a virgin on the second day of their marriage and she did n't deny it . That 's why Aceng decided to end the marriage and send her back to her parents , " Aceng 's lawyer said . Fani 's attorney insists the accusations are baseless . According to his lawyer , Aceng gave the girl 's family 43 million rupiah  roughly $ 4,000  for her university fees and the minor Hajj trip . He says the girl 's family agreed to the settlement but continued to contact Aceng for more money , "  blackmailing the district head . " Fani 's attorney denies Aceng 's claims , and says all his client wanted was an apology . Indonesian President Susilo has ordered the Home Affairs Ministry to summon Aceng and investigate the matter . On Wednesday , Garut 's local legislative council also decided to create a special committee to look into Aceng 's case . Read more : Fighting sex trafficking in hotels , one room at a time His lawyer said the case needed "  to go through legal channels , " and that his client 's potential removal as district chief was not imminent : "  the council has to wait for the results of the police investigation before making a decision on Aceng 's dismissal . " Women and children 's rights activists , however , welcome the investigations and the public outcry over the case . Muhammad Ihsan , secretary of the Commission for the Protection of Indonesian Children or KPAI , told CNN the regent head may be held liable for a sexual offense , if it is proven that the regent head deceived the teenage girl . The commission says human trafficking , the illegal sex trade and the exploitation of women are rampant , particularly in the province of West Java . In not a few cases , parents or relatives give up their teenage daughters for marriage , in exchange for money . Ihsan said that when the facts of this case become clearer , it could highlight well-known and common practices of exploiting young women . "  If a public official is allowed to get away with behavior like this , then the public will think this is acceptable , " said Ihsan . Rudy Madanir contributed to this report .	Indonesian politician tries to divorce teen wife via text message Husband claimed she was n't a virgin Wife claims he falsified his marital status ; protesters want him to resign Case draws outrage from advocates for women and children 's rights
Washington  CNN  -- Just a few minutes after 7 a.m. on Saturday , Mitt Romney took a step many political experts did not think he would -- choosing a controversial and bold running mate and making one of the most important announcements of his campaign at a time many did not expect . Rep. Paul Ryan admits that he is the poster child for controversial proposals to reform the nation 's entitlement programs : For workers now under the age of 55 , seniors would be given the option of choosing a private program instead of the traditional Medicare program and would receive money to offset the premium they have to pay . Federal spending for Medicaid would be sent to the states to manage , and the Social Security retirement age would gradually be raised to 70 . Because of those positions and his full-throttled defense of them , CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger calls the pick "  a risky choice that could hurt Mitt Romney " and also said it "  may be too risky , but is bold . " Republican consultant Ford O'Connell said making a bold choice like Ryan was necessary . Romney announces Ryan as his running mate "  With Mitt Romney losing ground to President Obama in the polls , I do n't see the selection of Paul Ryan as ` risky , ' I see the choice as bold and necessary , " O'Connell wrote in an email to CNN . "  Ryan will certainly help Romney shore up his support with the GOP base , and it will send a clear message to independent voters that Romney is serious about getting the country 's fiscal house in order and putting Americans back to work . " CNN senior political analyst David Gergen says the Ryan pick is , "  an opportunity for the Romney campaign to go on the offense . " Ryan is seen as a plainspoken Midwesterner who does n't back down from positions . Democratic attacks on Ryan focus on changes to Medicare and Medicaid "  If you do n't address these issues now , they 're going to steamroll us as a country . And the issue is the more you delay fixing these problems , the much uglier the solutions are going to be , " Ryan told Borger in an interview last year . "  We literally go about $ 10 trillion deeper in the hole of our unfunded government promises every year we delay fixing the problem . " Several leading conservative voices , including the Weekly Standard and the Wall Street Journal , had pushed Romney this week to be bold . "  The case for Mr. Ryan is that he best exemplifies the nature and stakes of this election . More than any other politician , the House Budget Chairman has defined those stakes well as a generational choice about the role of government and whether America will once again become a growth economy or sink into interest-group dominated decline , " the Journal said in an editorial on Thursday . The Journal argued that a Ryan choice would help the Republicans . Opinion : How Ryan could help Romney "  The larger strategic point is that Mr. Romney 's best chance for victory is to make this a big election over big issues . Mr. Obama and the Democrats want to make this a small election over small things -- Mitt 's taxes , his wealth , Bain Capital . As the last two months have shown , Mr. Romney will lose that kind of election . To win , Mr. Romney and the Republicans have to rise above those smaller issues and cast the choice as one about the overall direction and future of the country . " Ryan , a 42-year-old fitness freak , also brings a youthful vigor to the campaign and is an energetic campaigner and debater . He jogged tieless onto the stage on Saturday as Romney introduced him to a cheering crowd . But there will be those who question whether a House member whose primary focus has been fiscal issues is ready to be commander-in-chief . Obama 's campaign quickly fired off a statement looking to define the contrasts in the campaign : The Republican ticket favors tax cuts for the wealthy while putting a greater burden on the middle class , it would gut Medicare and shift costs to the elderly , and it would make deep cuts in education . As statement from Obama campaign manager Jim Messina also invoked the B-word : "  As a member of Congress , Ryan rubber-stamped the reckless Bush economic policies that exploded our deficit and crashed our economy . Now the Romney-Ryan ticket would take us back by repeating the same , catastrophic mistakes , " Messina wrote . Exclusive : How Romney chose his running mate Besides the choice of who , political analysts also call the timing of the Ryan announcement bold . While most vice presidential picks have been announced only days before the Republican convention , Romney is unveiling his ticket -- which the campaign is calling "  America 's Comeback Team " -- more than two weeks before the GOP gathers in Tampa , Florida . Some experts have said such an early choice would diminish any bump in the polls the campaign might see . The Romney campaign argues that the continuous news environment in the nation now means old rules may not apply . It is hoping that Ryan 's unveiling will get a lot of positive coverage as it couples the announcement with a bus tour of swing states through Tuesday . Romney 's aides hope the coverage will give the campaign a break from some of the bad press it has gotten over the last week following gaffes during his tour of Europe and Israel , relentless calls for Romney to release more of his tax returns and falling poll numbers . How do you feel about Romney selecting Ryan as his running mate ? Let us know on CNN iReport .	Rep. Paul Ryan admits he is the poster child for controversial proposals CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger calls Ryan "  a risky choice that could hurt Romney " Leading conservative voices pushed Romney this week to be bold
CNN  -- It started on Facebook , then spread to Twitter . Now Hipstamatic and Instagram-style pictures are everywhere , including the news media . With an app typically costing no more than $ 1.99 , everyone is becoming a news photographer -- creating dramatic , emotive images with subdued tones , vignetted edges and selective focus . Just point your iPhone or Android device , click the shutter button and instantly you 're producing something not short of fine art . But every time I see one of these "  news images " -- subtly altered to resemble images taken on vintage film stock or using expensive lenses and filters -- I feel cheated . And so should you . The app photographer has n't spent years learning his or her trade , imagining the scene , waiting for the light to fall just right , swapping lenses and switching angles . They have n't spent hours in the dark room , leaning over trays of noxious chemicals until the early hours of the morning . Nor did they have to spend a huge chunk of their income on the latest digital equipment  $ 5,999 of my hard-earned cash just went on ordering a new Nikon D4  to ensure they stay on top of their game . The app photographer merely has to click a software button and 10 seconds later is rewarded with a masterpiece . CNN Photos : My year on Instagram The spread of these fake images to the mainstream news media is more worrying . I 've recently seen a whole host of Hipstamatic or Instagram pictures in news reports from as far afield as Syria , Egypt and Afghanistan . Why should I worry about the spread of app-doctored news photos ? Surely as a news photographer I should welcome the publication of news pictures of any kind , however they are taken . Well no . A news photographer is there to record , not to produce works of art . Any news photographer worth his or her salt will tell you that the best camera is one that lets you take the photo unencumbered by the technicalities of the process . A camera that lets you record the scene with the light and shadows as it lies before you , and to produce an image that brings the emotion of the scene to the viewer -- one that lets you take the photograph naked . Read more : Phone journalism gives a voice to India 's rural poor This is what sets great news photographers apart from the rest of us . In their photos we can see the pain , the suffering , the pity and often the horror . A little of the photographer 's emotion will show through in every image . In Haiti , shortly after the 2010 earthquake , I took photos with tears running down my cheeks . It was only the camera held tightly to my face that meant my tears were not visible to those around me . I believe that emotion came through in my pictures . If it did n't I failed in my job . Every time a news organization uses a Hipstamatic or Instagram-style picture in a news report , they are cheating us all . It 's not the photographer who has communicated the emotion into the images . It 's not the pain , the suffering or the horror that is showing through . It 's the work of an app designer in Palo Alto who decided that a nice shallow focus and dark faded border would bring out the best in the image . Over the past few years a number of news photographers have quite rightly been fired for altering images with the help of Photoshop . One added smoke to increase the dramatic appearance of bombing , one cut and pasted a rifle-toting soldier from one image onto another and another removed his own shadow from an image . Hipstamatic , Instagram and other apps produce images that are equally unethical or perhaps even more so . The image never existed in any other place than the eye of the app developer . Since when did we trust app developers to bring us the news ? â $ cents Follow @nicksternphoto on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nick Stern	Photographer Nick Stern says media use of app-doctored photographs is cause for concern Apps such as Hipstamatic and Instagram produce artistic images without the need for photographic training Stern says such images are faked and fail to convey the true story of news events
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A London tabloid declared Sunday that "  secret FBI files " reveal Michael Jackson paid millions to silence dozens of boys he abused . The story quickly echoed throughout global media , perhaps in part because of the trial of the Jackson family 's wrongful death lawsuit against a concert promoter and the recent suicide attempt by Jackson 's teenage daughter . A website can enjoy a sharp spike in traffic -- which can translate into advertising revenue -- with a sensational headline . But journalists and others who have closely followed the controversies and legal fights surrounding the pop star found the description by the Sunday People newspaper of the documents as being from FBI files to be questionable . ` Recycled tabloid reports ' "  None of this is new -- zero -- and there was no FBI involvement , " said CNN Special Investigations reporter Drew Griffin . "  It just sounds like recycled tabloid reports from 20 years ago . " Griffin saw and reported on the same material more than a decade ago as a local Los Angeles reporter . "  The bottom line is this stuff was not in the FBI files , " said Tom Mesereau , the lawyer who successfully defended Jackson against child molestation charges in a lengthy trial in 2005 . "  The FBI closed the investigation . It sounds like a bunch of utter nonsense . " Journalist Diane Dimond , who is no defender of the pop icon , also attacked the Sunday People article . "  It is obvious the paper took this old story and proceeded to make it seem new by adding numbers to it -- 24 boys paid off $ 35 million by Michael Jackson , " Dimond said . "  The problem is there 's no evidence to back up the claim that Jackson made that many payoffs . " Dimond 's book "  Be Careful Who You Love : Inside the Michael Jackson Case " details her coverage of allegations of improper relationships between Jackson and boys . The tabloid report was published at a critical time for the Jackson family , as its wrongful death lawsuit against a concert promoter entered its 10th week and while Jackson 's daughter , Paris , is being treated after a reported suicide attempt . "  The files will also dismay Jacko 's kids , Prince , 16 , Paris , 15 , and 11-year-old Blanket , who have not yet come to terms with losing their father , " the Sunday People story said . Michael Jackson considered the British tabloids ' use of "  Jacko " to be a derogatory term . Griffin , Dimond and Mesereau each point to Paul Barresi , a former porn actor who lost his private investigator 's license for fabricating evidence , as the person who possessed the material published Sunday . It included an audio recording of an interview done by Jim Mitteager , a reporter with the U.S.-based Globe tabloid , with a couple who worked as chefs at Jackson 's Neverland Ranch . Mitteager left the tape to Baressi when he died of cancer in 1997 . "  Paul Barresi made it no secret over the years that he had come into possession of the Mitteager tapes and that they included a long interview with Philip and Stella LeMarque , the former live-in couple at Neverland , " Dimond said . Â "  He discussed the tapes and their contents with me on several occasions . " Griffin said Barresi also gave him access to the material years ago . It included reports Barresi wrote when he worked for now-disgraced celebrity investigator Anthony Pellicano . Pellicano is serving a 15-year federal prison sentence for a wiretapping and racketeering convictions . Porn star turned P.I. "  Since Barresi has fairly recently been stripped of his P.I. 's license , I can imagine that money has been tight for him , " Dimond said . "  My best guess is that the UK paper offered Mr. Barresi several thousand dollars for his copies of the old Pellicano files . " When CNN called Barresi on Tuesday to ask if he sold the materials to the newspaper , he responded : "  I have no comment and that 's all I have to say . " But before the question could be posed , he asked if the reporter wanted to know how many times he 's had sex in a hammock . He explained it was a common question people ask because of his porn film career . Barresi 's films , with titles such as "  Married Men with Men on the Side " and "  Leather Bears and Smooth Chested Huskies , " won him the X-Rated Critics ' award for best "  group grope scene " in 1985 and he was inducted into the GayVN 's Hall of Fame in 2008 . Barresi , now 60 , retired from the porn business to focus more on his investigative work , but court records suggest he was not as successful in that work . He obtained a California private investigator 's license in 2009 , but lost it three years later . He signed a "  stipulated settlement " with the state admitting that he faked a report about an ex-girlfriend 's drug use to get her fired from her hospital job as a nurse in 2011 . Federal court records also show Barresi and his wife filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2010 . Tabloid stands by story A Sunday People spokesman would not confirm that Barresi was the paper 's source or if it paid for access , but he did stand by the story . "  Our article clearly states that we have seen copies of reports , phone transcripts and interviews carried out by an agent working for private investigator Anthony Pellicano who had been hired by Michael Jackson , " Rupert Smith said in an e-mail to CNN . "  The files were seized by the FBI when Pellicano was himself investigated in 2002 . The documents then became part of the FBI 's files on Jackson case numbers CADCE MJ-02463 and CR 01046 . " In fact , the FBI released files it collected on Michael Jackson in December 2009 , six months after his death . Most of them related to the federal agency 's support of the California investigations of child molestation allegations against the entertainer . Los Angeles Police , who were investigating child molestation allegations against Jackson , called the FBI 's Los Angeles office in September 1993 to suggest the agency look into a "  possible federal violation against Jackson concerning transportation of a minor across state lines for immoral purposes  Mann Act  " , one document said . The Los Angeles County district attorney did not pursue criminal charges against Jackson , but the singer did reach a confidential financial settlement with the 1993 accuser , Jordan Chandler , and his father after they filed a lawsuit . Reports at the time said the Chandlers got between $ 16 million and $ 20 million from Jackson 's insurance company . The Chandler accusation became a key part of the prosecution 's case when Jackson was tried and acquitted of molestation a decade later in Santa Barbara County , California . Mesereau , who reviewed the 330 redacted pages released by the FBI , said the documents purported by the newspaper to have been included in the files were not there . CNN also reviewed the files , which are still posted on the FBI website , and found none referring to other payoffs by Jackson . None of the file numbers matched those quoted by the newspaper . "  You can imagine what the prosecutor in Santa Barbara would have done with this information if they really had it , " Mesereau said . Phillip LeMarque did testify , telling the court that he once caught Jackson improperly touching then-child actor Macaulay Culkin while he worked as Jackson 's self-described cook and "  majordomo " for about 10 months in 1991 . Culkin , the second witness called in Jackson 's defense , denied any improper touching by Jackson . Jackson 's guilt is ` inconsequential ' Barresi represented the LaMarques in an attempt to sell their story to tabloid media outlets , Mesereau said . LeMarque admitted at the trial that he tried to make money from his story , even meeting with Barresi , who promised him $ 100,000 from the tabloid press , maybe more if the story were dirtier . "  He began to make the story more and more graphic as the price went up , " Mesereau said , referring to Phillip LaMarque . "  Was it true that the broker told him the payoff might be higher if Mr. Jackson 's hand was inside Culkin 's pants ? " Mesereau asked during cross examination . "  That 's what he said , " LeMarque said . Barresi discussed his deal with the LaMarques in an interview for a PBS "  Frontline " documentary in 1994 . "  My interest in helping them was that they promised me a percentage of what they made , " Baressi said . "  I was not on any kind of crusade to bring anyone to justice.Â Whether Michael was guilty or innocent at that point was inconsequential.Â My interest was strictly for the money , as was theirs , I might add . "	CNN 's Drew Griffin : "  None of this is new -- zero -- and there was no FBI involvement " "  This stuff was not in the FBI files , " former Jackson lawyer Tom Mesereau says "  The paper took this old story and  made  it seem new , " journalist Diane Dimond says A former porn actor whose investigator 's license was revoked is linked to the material
CNN  -- Barack Obama 's campaign is making better use of the Internet and social media to reach voters than presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney , according to a study released Wednesday . The Pew Research Center 's Project for Excellence in Journalism found that Obama 's campaign was more active than Romney 's and generated more response from users on all major platforms , including Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and the campaign websites , in the weeks following Romney 's clinching of the Republican nomination . For instance , during the June 4-17 study period , Obama 's campaign posted an average of 29 messages per day compared to Romney 's average of one , according to Pew . The Obama campaign website and blog were updated an average of eight times a day , twice as often as Romney 's , Pew found . Obama 's social media messages also reached a much wider audience , according to Pew . On Facebook , users expressed support for nearly twice as many Obama posts as they did Romney posts . Twitter users passed along , or retweeted , 150,106 Obama messages to their own followers , compared to 8,601 retweets of Romney posts , according to the study . Pew said Obama had more than 18 million followers on Twitter when it last audited the account , in August , compared to 787,080 for Romney . Obama 's Facebook page had 27.5 million supporters , compared to 2.9 million for Romney . The results echo the 2008 campaign , when Obama 's campaign had more than five times the supporters on Facebook as then Republican rival John McCain two months before the election , according to Pew . At the time , analysts credited Obama 's technologically savvy campaign with helping reach and organize voters , especially among younger supporters . "  While more digital activity does not necessarily translate into more votes , historically candidates who are first to exploit changing technology have an advantage , " project director Tom Rosenstiel said in a statement . "  From Roosevelt to Reagan , presidential candidates have used the way they communicate to suggest that they understand how the country is changing . " The study follows news from June showing that Obama was also leading Romney in the use of online advertising . Obama spent $ 16.4 million in online advertising in the first few months of 2012 , according to Federal Election Commission filings . Romney had spent $ 7.8 million , according to the filings . The Pew study released Wednesday focused on the campaigns ' use of social media in early June , shortly after Romney had won enough delegates in state primaries to clinch the GOP presidential nomination . According to the Pew study : Romney 's campaign has closed the gap in some respects since the June study period , the center 's Deputy Director Amy Mitchell said in a statement . "  But there is a long way to go before the Romney team matches the level of activity of the Obama campaign , " Mitchell said .	Barack Obama 's campaign continues its online dominance , a new study finds The Obama campaign and its supporters were more active online , the study says GOP challenger Mitt Romney is closing the gap , Pew says
CNN  -- Famed Uruguayan author Mario Benedetti died at his home in Montevideo , Uruguay , on Sunday , his personal secretary , Ariel Silva , told CNN . Author Mario Benedetti , 88 , was battling intestinal problems and had been hospitalized earlier this month . Benedetti , 88 , was battling intestinal problems and had been hospitalized earlier this month . A descendent of Italian immigrants , Benedetti authored such best-selling novels as "  The Truce " and "  Juan Angel 's Birthday , " as well as a collection of short stories and poems . The poet-turned-novelist became a part of a thriving era of Latin authors including Gabriel Garcia Marquez , Carlos Fuentes , and Mario Vargas Llosa , who often intertwined politics with their work . A supporter of Fidel Castro 's government , Benedetti left Uruguay to live in exile , partly in Cuba , where his writings grew more political . "  I have never hidden my political position so I had to leave the country , " he told CNN in a June 2005 interview . "  I 've had many mishaps , many problems in my short life , " he added . Journalist Dario Klein in Montevideo contributed this report .	Mario Benedetti , 88 , was battling intestinal problems ; hospitalized earlier this month Benedetti authored novels such as "  The Truce " and "  Juan Angel 's Birthday " A supporter of Fidel Castro 's government , Benedetti left Uruguay to live in exile
Washington  CNN  -- The Chamber of Commerce is launching an ad featuring Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , a favorite of libertarians , to build support for Alaska Republican Senate hopeful Dan Sullivan , who faces a challenge from libertarian third party candidate . Republicans and their allies have begun work to limit how much support third party candidates draw away from GOP candidates in states which could determine control of the Senate . In the ad Paul uses language libertarians would like to tout Sullivan , who is locked in a tight race against first term Democratic incumbent Sen. Mark Begich . Mark Fish , past chairman of the state 's libertarian party , is running as well and is the wild card there because drawing even a small amount of votes away from Sullivan could prove the difference in this key race . "  Washington is horribly broken . I am Rand Paul , and I am fighting to change that . But nothing is going to change when Mark Begich votes with his liberal Democratic friends 91 % of the time , " Paul says in the spot . "  Washington takes too many of our freedoms and too much of our money . I think Dan Sullivan will get it back . To change Washington change your Senator . " "  In states like Alaska , the Chamber is focused on the independent swing vote , and we think Sen. Paul is well positioned to deliver a message that appeals to them . This fits into our them this year of using credible messengers in target races , " Chamber spokeswoman Blair Latoff Holmes says in a statement . Besides Alaska , some Republicans worry libertarian candidates could cost GOP candidates support in such key Senate battlegrounds as North Carolina , Georgia and Kentucky . The Chamber 's Alaska buy for the Paul ad is seven figures , and the spot will air statewide beginning Friday on broadcast as well as on line . Rand Paul blasts Obama as arrogant ` autocrat '	Republicans fear third party candidates in several key Senate races , including Alaska The Chamber of Commerce has launched ads featuring Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul Paul is a favorite of Libertarian leaning Republicans
CNN  -- Dylan Ryan and Danny Wylde knew each other online -- she 's read his blog , he 's seen her tweets -- before they met in person in Los Angeles a few weeks ago . A bit awkward , they made small talk , spending an hour or so getting to know each other . "  When I 'm with someone new , my primary bit of nervousness is I have no idea if they 'll like me , or be attracted to me , or be interested in me , " Ryan says . "  It 's sort of akin to a first date situation . " But this was n't a first date -- it was strictly business . After chatting , Ryan and Wylde got to work , which in their case meant having sex . Ryan and Wylde  their stage names  are adult performers . While hooking up with a new co-star can provoke some anxiety , there 's one thing they 're usually not anxious about : getting a sexually transmitted disease from their co-star , since both get tested for STDs at least once a month . "  Before you start shooting , you go online to see the other person 's test results , " Wylde explains . "  Or sometimes on set , before you start , they show you the results on paper . " Such diligence about STDs is a good idea for anyone having sex with a new partner , even if you 're not a porn star , says Dr. Craig Strafford , director of clinical research at the Holzer Clinic in Gallipolis , Ohio . "  It really shows they 're thinking conscientiously , " Strafford says . "  I think it really works . " Talent Testing Service , which does STD screenings for adult performers , routinely tests for HIV , chlamydia , and gonorrhea , according to Sixto Pacheco , president and CEO of the service . In addition , some performers opt for an additional panel of tests for hepatitis B , hepatitis C and syphilis . So far , Ryan and Wylde say it 's worked for them . Ryan says in her eight years as an adult performer -- she has about five sexual partners a month professionally -- she has n't contracted a single STD . She says when she has sex with men outside work she always uses a condom . Wylde says about once a year he comes down with a case of chlamydia or gonorrhea . "  I take some pills and it goes away in a week , " he says , adding that outside of work he has sex only with other performers , since he 's knows they 're regularly tested . While the testing is n't foolproof , it lowers the risk of getting infected . Combine that with condom use and the risk goes down even more . HIV is a particularly tricky test , since it may provide a false negative if taken too soon after a person is exposed to HIV . This is because most people do n't produce enough antibodies for the test to detect until around a month after being exposed . Some people take three months or longer to produce detectable antibodies . "  I think about this all the time , " says Ryan , who 's been an adult performer for eight years . "  It 's by far the biggest risk in the industry . I think the one thing that gives me comfort -- small comfort -- is that the people I 'm working with by and large have very strong safer sex practices because of what they do for a living . " Wylde says he 's not too concerned about contracting HIV since he has sex only with women , but he adds that he knows he 's taking at least a small risk . "  There 's risk in a lot of jobs , " he says . "  Professional athletes take risks . " When beginning a new relationship , many wonder what diseases they should get tested for . "  It 's a very common question , for both males and females , " Strafford says . Neither the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , nor the American Social Health Association has a list of STDs you should get tested for when you 're about to have sex for the first time with someone . However , after discussion with various STD experts , here 's a list of tests many doctors recommend . They can be a starting point for a discussion with your doctor . The CDC has a list of clinics that offer testing for STDs by ZIP code . Chlamydia Often a simple urine test is all that is necessary ; sometimes a swab must be taken from the infected area , according to ASHA . Many people do n't know they have chlamydia , the most frequently reported bacterial sexually transmitted disease in the United States . Complications among men are rare , but in women chlamydia can lead to chronic pelvic pain , infertility , and ectopic pregnancies . The disease can be easily treated and cured with antibiotics , according to the CDC . Gonorrhea This is also often a urine test , although sometimes a swab is taken from the infected area , ASHA says . Some men have no symptoms of gonorrhea , while others have painful urination or discharge from the penis , according to the CDC . Antibiotics can treat the disease , but if left untreated , gonorrhea can lead to infertility in men and women , and can be life-threatening if it spreads to the blood or joints . Syphilis A blood test is used to diagnose syphilis , a disease that 's easy to treat in its early stages , but if left untreated can cause blindness or even death , according to the CDC . Hepatitis A and B Men who have sex with men should talk to their doctor about getting tested for Hepatitis A and B , and they should also be vaccinated against the diseases , says Dr. Hunter Handsfield , a clinical professor of medicine at the University of Washington Center for AIDS and STD . HIV As noted above , you can be positive for HIV for several weeks or months before it will show up on most HIV blood tests . A note about herpes About one out of six people ages 14 through 49 have genital herpes simplex virus type 2 , according to the CDC . Testing is controversial since the results are not always accurate or helpful . Dr. Bradley Stoner , associate professor of anthropology and medicine at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , and a spokesperson for ASHA , says the best strategy might be to get tested if you have recurrent lesions that could be herpes , or if you 're starting a new relationship with someone who has herpes , since drugs can be given to your infected partner to decrease the chances you 'll get the disease , too . "  Other than that , I probably would not screen for herpes -- the waters are just too murky , " Stoner says .	Porn stars often get tested for STDs at least once a month While the testing is n't foolproof , it lowers the risk of getting infected HIV is a particularly tricky test , since it may provide a false negative Often a simple urine test is all that is necessary
CNN  -- Basketball legend Dennis Rodman arrived in Beijing on Saturday from North Korea without imprisoned American Kenneth Bae . Rodman , who visited North Korea this week , was tight-lipped about his trip . "  It is not my job to talk about Kenneth Bae , " he told reporters gathered at the Beijing airport . Sporting a silver , shiny cap and a long scarf , the 6-foot-7 inch  2.01 meter  former basketball star broke through the crowd and continued talking . "  Ask Obama about that , ask Hillary Clinton about that , " Rodman said . "  Ask those -- holes . " Other detained Americans The eccentric Hall of Famer 's trip was the second to the hardline Communist state this year to visit North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . In March , Rodman was pictured with Kim , an ardent basketball fan , laughing and eating while watching an all-star basketball match . He was criticized over the trip , which came amid escalating tension with North Korea threatening missile strikes on the U.S. , South Korea and Japan . Rodman has previously made no secret about his desire to help Bae . He once tweeted that he wanted the 30-year-old unchallenged leader of North Korea to "  do him a solid " by freeing him . Bae was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in February after he was convicted of unspecified "  hostile acts " against North Korea . The country 's state-run Korean Central News Agency said he was arrested late last year after arriving as a tourist in Rason City , a northeastern port near the Chinese border . Opinion : Rodman just a toy for North Korea 's Kim CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report	Rodman 's trip was his second to North Korea this year "  It is not my job to talk about Kenneth Bae , " he tells reporters Bae , an American , was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in February
New York  CNN  -- Convicted Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout could face life in prison after a federal jury returned guilty verdicts Wednesday on four counts related to a conspiracy to kill Americans , acquire and export anti-aircraft missiles and provide material support to a terrorist organization . Bout 's attorney , Albert Dayan , said the verdict will be appealed . "  I still stand by my position that Viktor was wrongfully accused , " said Dayan . "  The jury has spoken but his position is still that he 's innocent . " Widely dubbed "  the Merchant of Death , " Bout was often referred to by U.S. and United Nations officials as among the most notorious of global arms traffickers . He had pleaded not guilty to all the charges . Dayan said during the trial that the former Soviet air force officer was not involved in illegal arms sales , and that federal agents had baited Bout into selling the weapons alongside a deal to sell airplanes . But Preet Bharara , the U.S. attorney for Manhattan , called the Russian tycoon "  a very dangerous man " in a statement Wednesday . "  He aimed to sell those weapons to terrorists for the purpose of killing Americans . " Commentary : Three chilling moments from the trial The heart of the case stemmed from a 2008 sting operation in Thailand by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency . Undercover agents posing as Colombian rebels attempted to buy larges caches of weapons , according to a 2008 federal indictment . Both the United States and the European Union identify the rebel group -- the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC -- as a terrorist organization . The agents tried to purchase 700 to 800 surface-to-air missiles , thousands of AK-47s and landmines , telling Bout that they wanted the arms "  to kill Americans , " the indictment said . Bout responded , it said , by saying he "  was going to prepare everything the FARC needed . " During closing arguments Tuesday , Assistant U.S. Attorney Brendan McGuire called the evidence against Bout "  overwhelming , " pointing to alleged ties with various armed conflicts . "  He did everything he could to show that he could be a one-stop shop " for FARC , said McGuire . Prior to his arrest , the DEA had struggled to draw Bout out of his Russian homeland , which is long thought to have sheltered and defended him . Undercover agents met with Bout 's associates the world over , from Curacao to Copenhagen , in an attempt to set up a meeting with their target , according to the indictment . He was extradited to the United States in 2010 following his arrest and a protracted court proceeding in Thailand . The Russian businessman has also been accused of assembling a fleet of cargo planes to traffic military-grade weapons to conflict zones around the world since the 1990s . According to the indictment , he was suspected of creating front companies that used his planes to deliver food and medical supplies , as well as arms . His alleged trafficking activities in Liberia prompted U.S. authorities to freeze his American assets in 2004 and prohibited U.S. transactions with him , it said . Less than a year later , the Treasury Department 's Office of Foreign Assets Control placed 30 companies and four people on a specially designated list that carried similar actions against them . Bout has maintained that he operated legitimate businesses and had acted as a mere logistics provider . His exact age is unclear , but he is believed to be in his late 40s or 50s , with his age in dispute due to different passports and documents . The U.S. attorney 's office said it had no confirmed age . Critics have accused Bout of providing arms to rebels in several countries and fueling bloody conflicts in places such as Liberia and Sierra Leone . In 2000 , then-British Foreign Office Peter Hain branded him "  Africa 's chief merchant of death " at a time when Bout is believed to have supplied arms to officials in Sierra Leone , a former British colony then embroiled in civil war . The 2005 movie "  Lord of War , " starring Nicolas Cage , is considered to be largely inspired by Bout 's life .	Bout is found guilty on all four counts ; he will appeal The assistant U.S. attorney called the case against Bout "  overwhelming " Bout 's attorney says his client was unfairly charged Bout is convicted of trying to sell weapons to U.S. agents posing as Colombian rebels
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration Tuesday ordered the makers of certain antibiotics to add a "  black box " label warning -- the FDA 's strongest -- to alert patients of possible tendon ruptures and tendonitis . Cipro is one of the drugs for which the FDA will require a "  black box " label warning about tendon problems . "  The new language will strengthen the existing warnings , " said Dr. Edward Cox , director of the FDA 's Office of Antimicrobial Products . The FDA is requiring the label warnings and a medication guide for fluoroquinolone drugs , which include Cipro , Levaquin , Avelox , Noroxin and Floxin . The consumer group Public Citizen asked the FDA in August 2006 to put the "  black box " warning on Cipro and other fluoroquinolones , and also to warn doctors . Earlier this year , Public Citizen filed a lawsuit to force the FDA to take those actions . Public Citizen said Tuesday it was "  pleased " with the FDA 's order but added "  there is still more that the FDA must do . " "  The FDA is silent on our request that it also send a warning letter to physicians clearly describing possible adverse reactions , such as tendon pain , so that patients can be switched to alternative treatments before tendons rupture , " the group said . "  We are troubled that the FDA is not doing everything within its power to prevent more people from needlessly suffering disabling tendon ruptures . " When asked about the lawsuit and why it did n't order the "  black box " label warning until now , Cox stressed that the FDA included warning information with the drugs from 2001 until 2004 , and updated the information last year . Dr. Gupta explains more on antibiotic risks " "  There has been ongoing work to update the labeling of the fluoroquinolone drug products , " Cox said . "  We have been working on this issue and making progress over time . " The companies that make the fluoroquinolone drugs will be required to submit label safety changes and the medication guide within 30 days of receiving the notification from the FDA or provide a reason why they do not believe such labeling changes are necessary , Cox said . Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals Inc. , which holds licenses for Cipro and Avelox , said it would make the changes requested by the FDA but defended the drugs as "  well-tolerated and effective in all approved indications . " Schering-Plough markets Cipro and Avelox in the United States under agreement with Bayer . Ortho-McNeil-Janssen Pharmaceuticals , which markets Levaquin in the United States , also said it would abide by the FDA 's request . Merck & Co. , the maker of Noroxin , said it , too , would update the drug 's label . But Merck noted it has stopped promotion of Noroxin because of the widespread availability of its generic form . Oscient Pharmaceuticals  Factive  , Daiichi Sankyo  Floxin  and Dipomed  Proquin  did not immediately respond to CNN 's requests for comment . The fluoroquinolones drugs can increase the risk of tendonitis and tendon rupture -- which is about 1 in 100,000 -- by three to four times , according to the FDA 's Dr. Renata Albrecht . "  This risk is further increased in those over age 60 , in kidney , heart , and lung transplant recipients , and with use of concomitant steroid therapy , " the FDA said in a statement . Albrecht said that sometimes patients have no symptoms before they experience a rupture in their tendon -- commonly their Achilles tendon . "  Sometimes it 's been reported on the first day of taking a fluoroquinolone ... a sudden snap or popping sound that is tendon rupture with no preceding warning , " she said . Normally , she added , that patients experience some pain or inflammation "  a week or two before the patient will rupture . " Public Citizen , founded in 1971 by consumer activist Ralph Nader , said more than 400 cases of tendon rupture and more than 300 cases of tendonitis in patients using fluoroquinolones were reported between November 1997 and December 2007 . "  Because only a small fraction of cases are typically reported to the FDA , the actual number of ruptures and other tendon injuries attributable to the antibiotic is much higher , " the group said . The FDA would only say that it has received "  hundreds " of reports of tendon problems linked to fluoroquinolones , without being more specific , citing the ongoing lawsuit . But Cox said "  the FDA continues to receive a considerable number of reports on tendon adverse effects . " Patients should stop taking fluoroquinolone antibiotics at the first sign of tendon pain , avoid exercise and contact their doctor , the FDA said . Cox said the FDA would not require companies to send letters to doctors alerting them about the connection between tendon problems and the antibiotics . "  It is possible under REMS -LSB- Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy -RSB- to ask for a letter -LSB- to doctors -RSB- , " Cox said . "  Certainly for sponsors that would choose to go forward with a letter , we 'll be happy to work with them . "	NEW : Consumer group pleased with order but says FDA must do more The FDA ordered its strongest warning to be put on certain antibiotics The "  black box " label will alert patients of possible tendon problems Relevant drugs include Cipro , Levaquin , Avelox , Noroxin and Floxin
CNN  India 's Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has told all news channels not to air a controversial documentary about rape in India -- warning that the excerpts "  appear to encourage and incite violence against women . " The BBC Storyville documentary was originally scheduled to air Sunday , but due to the "  intense level of interest " in the program , the BBC aired it Wednesday in the UK on BBC Four "  to enable viewers to see this incredibly powerful documentary at the earliest opportunity , " the broadcaster said in a statement . The documentary was released online and the hashtag #IndiasDaughter was trending in the UK after it aired . The documentary featured an interview with one of the men convicted in an infamous 2012 gang rape case that sparked massive outrage and protests in India . An Indian court restricted the publication and airing of the film in India as well as the dissemination of excerpts from it after Mukesh Singh 's comments were released in several media outlets . Singh appeared to show no remorse and blamed the rape victim for being out at night , according to the documentary called "  India 's Daughter . " "  The media is likely to be seen as a voice for the perpetrator of such crimes by providing him a medium to communicate his views on the matter repeatedly , " said a letter sent to media outlets by the Indian government . Despite the ban , the documentary can be seen on YouTube in India . Singh told the documentary crew that his victim "  should just be silent and allow the rape . " "  A decent girl wo n't roam around at 9 o'clock at night , " he told the BBC . "  A girl is far more responsible for rape than a boy . Boy and girl are not equal . "  Housework and housekeeping is for girls , not roaming in discos and bars at night doing wrong things , wearing wrong clothes . " He suggested that they "  had a right to teach them a lesson . " In a statement , India 's home minister said the documentary crew violated the conditions granting the jail interview , which stipulated that the authorities be shown all unedited footage . Home Minister Rajnath Singh told Parliament on Wednesday that permission would not be granted to anyone in the future to interview prison inmates after the uproar over the documentary . "  The government has taken necessary legal action and obtained a restraining order from the court disseminating the contents of the film , " according to the statement . India 's constitution guarantees free speech with a caveat that it could be restricted when speech is deemed a threat to public order , incitement to an offense or an act of contempt of court . In December 2012 , a young woman was savagely attacked and raped by a group of men aboard a public bus in New Delhi and later died from her injuries . Mukesh Singh , who was driving the bus , is now on death row and has filed an appeal . His comments in the documentary have stirred fierce debate about whether airing his interview gives him a platform to share his misogyny , versus those who say it increases awareness and understanding of the horror of rape . The documentary 's director , Leslee Udwin , wrote that she was "  deeply saddened " by attempts to silence the film . "  India should be embracing this film -- not blocking it with a knee-jerk hysteria without even seeing it . This was an opportunity for India to continue to show the world how much has changed since this heinous crime , " she wrote for India 's NDTV . Udwin later spoke to NDTV , urging everyone to watch the film before rushing to judgment on it . "  I appeal to the Prime Minister to not let it go out of hand because it is getting out of hand . Countries around the world will very soon be saying : ` How dare India ban a documentary that is in the public interest ? ' I urge you to see the film as soon as possible , " she said . "  Please see the film and then talk about it . " Several supporters of the film echoed the notion that even airing the repugnant views increases awareness and points to a more systematic problem . One said that it is the role of journalism to report "  on the sickness , " and actress Freida Pinto asked : "  Airing the truth a crime ? How ? " One journalist expressed concerns that the use of prior restraint amounted to censorship by the government and set a precedent . The debate in social media caused hashtags #NirbhayaInsulted and #IndiasDaughter to trend in India . Many criticized the documentary for giving rapists a platform to share their thoughts and justify rape . One asked why "  rapists are treated as celebrities . " Lawyer and prominent feminist Indira Jaising called the filmmaker "  irresponsible . " "  Creating public space for them , encouraging tolerance of any form of violence , what the film will do , it will project justifications for rape -- which I think is completely wrong . It 's going on public view where young people will be seeing it , there 's no guarantee these convicts wo n't be seen as natural role models for most . " Many questioned how Udwin was able to obtain 16 hours of interviews with the imprisoned Singh . The home minister told the upper house of Parliament on Wednesday that no one would be allowed to "  leverage " the 2012 gang rape for commercial purposes . He also said that the filmmakers violated the conditions for the shoot inside Tihar prison and that officials would determine who granted permission for the interview . One prominent feminist said she opposed airing the documentary because it infringed on India 's laws . Singh and three other convicts are currently appealing their death sentences . Kavita Krishnan , secretary of the All India Progressive Women 's Association , said she did n't have a problem with people viewing the film but said the timing was not appropriate . "  The concern is that the airing of the documentary will result in a media trial -- that will essentially leave the judiciary with no option but to uphold the death penalty , " she said . "  My main problem , how can we screen this documentary when there 's an appeals process underway ? " Krishnan suggested that the documentary 's title , "  India 's Daughter , " inferred that Indians were badly in need of a rescue mission , leaving the impression of a "  white savior " complex . "  India 's Daughter " is directed by Udwin , a British woman who spent two years on the project . She said she was inspired by the mass protests that followed the gang rape case in Delhi . Among the voices in the debate , some were critical of what they perceived as Western bias that depicts India as a place of misogyny when rape and sexual assaults are universal . "  I have tried to convey that while we in India are in fact engaged in confronting the violence and discrimination against women here , it does not help for people in other countries to imagine that such brutality is India 's ` cultural ' problem ; that India 's ` backwardness ' is the problem ; or that gender violence is ` worse out there in India , ' " Krishnan wrote . CNN 's Madison Park reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi .	"  Please see the film and then talk about it , " filmmaker urges News channels warned not to air controversial documentary about rape in India Debate centers on whether withholding film is censorship or prevention of repugnant views
CNN  -- In its halcyon days , the Rixos hotel in Tripoli , Libya boasted of going the extra mile to make guests "  feel privileged . " It sent flowers and cooled towels to their rooms , and made Porsches and Jaguars -- even helicopters -- available at a moment 's notice . But by early Wednesday , the remaining guests at the luxury hotel in the Libyan capital were reduced to raiding cabinets for cheese and fruit . About 35 journalists who were allowed into the North African country to cover the conflict with the blessing of the Moammar Gadhafi regime are trapped at the hotel for a fifth day . And about five more journalists covering clashes in the area fled into the hotel Wednesday morning and were briefly barred from leaving , said CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , who is among those at the hotel . Four were later allowed to go , she saw . But armed Gadhafi loyalists ring the hotel 's perimeter and patrol its corridors , barring most journalists there from leaving . It 's for their protection , the guards say . CNN 's Matthew Chance , who is also at the hotel , urged other journalists in the city not to come for fear they , too , would be trapped . "  We are not being allowed to leave . We want to leave . We are obviously in a very fragile position , " he said . They have enough snack food and bottled water to last for several days , he explained . "  After that , we 're going to be in trouble , " he added . So , as battle rages outside for control of Tripoli between pro-regime and rebel forces , the reporters can do little but sit and wait . With no air-conditioning and sporadic electricity , they walk the halls with the glow of candlelight to guide them . Giant paintings of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi stare down at them from hotel walls . Snipers keep a wary eye from rooftops . "  The concern we have now is that we seem to be in one of the few remaining patches of territory in Libya which is still controlled by Gadhafi 's forces , " Chance said . "  And so we 're kind of very anxious about what might happen at this hotel in the hours ahead . " The reporters spend their days in helmets and bullet proof vests . At night , they sleep on bedsheets in the hallway to avoid shards of glass from windows shattered by gunfire . "  This is not a comfortable position , but ... all in good spirits , " BBC correspondent Matthew Price tweeted Tuesday . Chance said the journalists would like to "  negotiate an exit , " but have been prevented from doing so . The reporters have put up white bed sheets from the top floor balconies of the hotel . In large black letters , they scrawled the words "  TV , press , do n't shoot " on them to leave no doubt they are impartial observers in the conflict . "  Gadhafi loyalists have basically regarded the international media as being on the rebels ' side in this conflict , even though that 's obviously not the case , " Chance said . "  We 're just here trying to report the government 's side of things in this conflict . " The hotel has served as a de facto media hub approved by the regime for international journalists and scores of government officials who relocated their families there during the civil war . It also made headlines along the way . In March , Eman al-Obeidy , stormed the hotel in tears while journalists were having breakfast and said Gadhafi forces had raped her . In May , Gadhafi himself made an unannounced appearance to hold a meeting with tribal leaders . His sudden appearance , and the fact that the hotel is now being guarded so closely , has led to some speculation that Gadhafi himself is there , or that he has access to the hotel through secret tunnels from his bunker . But Chance said he and other journalists had "  scoured " the hotel "  from top to bottom " and had seen no evidence of tunnels . On Tuesday , Gadhafi 's son , Saif al-Islam , turned up to debunk reports that rebels had captured him . Hours after the son 's defiance stance , rebel fighters and throngs of citizens stormed the ruler 's fortress compound in Bab al-Aziziya not far away . Celebratory gunfire rang out as residents took off with souvenirs , including reams of documents and weapons . But away from the action , the journalists waited as dawn gave way to another day Wednesday -- and more clashes erupted outside the hotel . Chance said their goal is to avoid agitating the guards . "  We do not want to prompt any dangerous action , " he said . "  We are trying to stay as safe as possible . " He hopes the nightmare , as he called it , ends soon . "  In a fizzle , " he said . "  Not a bang . "	NEW : CNN 's Matthew Chance at the hotel warns other journalists not to come About 35 journalists , including from CNN , are trapped there They prowl the hall ways with giant paintings of Moammar Gadhafi staring down at them They sleep in hallways to avoid whizzing bullets
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- As half of the famed hip-hop duo OutKast , Antwan "  Big Boi " Patton is known for his bass-booming , chart-topping smash hits . His recording studio in Atlanta is lined with plush velvet , stocked with Courvoisier and has a swing hanging from the ceiling -- a place to settle in and do his work . Antwan "  Big Boi " Patton will be performing live with the Atlanta Ballet beginning Thursday . As a choreographer for the Atlanta Ballet and a dancer for years , Lauri Stallings ' world revolves around pirouettes , cou-de-pieds and battement tendus . The stage at Atlanta 's Fox Theatre is her work home . His only experience with ballet was seeing the "  Nutcracker " as a child . Her experience with hip-hop : "  None at all . " But the curtain will be rising Thursday in Atlanta -- a hip-hop mecca that is home to Jermaine Dupri , Ludacris , Young Jeezy and Lil Jon -- for the first of six performances of a collaboration between Big Boi and the Atlanta Ballet : a work called "  big . " See Big Boi talk about the unconventional show " On paper , Big Boi and Stallings could n't be more different . But it is their two styles , from seemingly opposite ends of the artistic spectrum , that both say make the show so innovative . As bass boomed through the ornate , faux-Egyptian halls of the Fox Theatre as a ballet dancer was hoisted in the air , the point could n't be any clearer . See photos of dancers preparing for their "  big " debut " "  It 's definitely one of the funkiest hybrids I 've ever seen , " Big Boi said . Big Boi 's contemporary style may seem inherently different from the traditional and classical sounds that normally echo through an Atlanta Ballet performance . But , Stallings said , as a choreographer it 's not a stretch to equate one of hip-hop 's biggest names with some of the most venerated composers who are usually the backdrop for traditional ballets . "  For me -LSB- Big Boi 's music -RSB- sounds like Shostakovich , Stravinsky a little ... just today 's Stravinsky , " Stallings said . "  Big " came about almost matter-of-factly . In an interview at his studio , Big Boi -- whose unprepossessing size belies his energy -- said the Atlanta Ballet 's artistic director , John McFall , approached him at a fundraising event and proposed a collaboration . Big Boi said he had a split-second of uncertainty about a ballet project , but was intrigued by the prospect and quickly immersed himself in the work . Stallings said the show is a dream marriage of artistic aesthetics that has been a long time coming -- and in this duality of differences , anything goes . Audience members will be pulled on stage . Dancers will weave their way through the audience . Big Boi and a live band will perform some of his greatest hip-hop collaborations . But the greatest collaborating may be the pairing created by Stallings and Big Boi when Giuseppe Verdi 's "  La Traviata " is intertwined with "  Morris Brown , " a cut from OutKast 's "  Idlewild " soundtrack . Those contrasts -- "  physical but sublime , beautiful but ugly , loud but soft , " in Stallings ' words -- are exactly the feelings this fusion ballet is intended to evoke , both artists said . Watch Stallings explain the fusion of hip-hop and ballet " "  Its very moving , sophisticated , elegant but at the same time it will tear your back off , " Big Boi said . Collaborations between ballet companies and pop artists are uncommon but not unheard of . The Joffrey Ballet performed a multimedia work with a rock score , "  Astarte , " in 1967 , an event so novel it made the cover of Time magazine . In recent years , ballets to the tunes of Prince , Elvis Costello and other artists have begun to pop up . The Joffrey opened the door for the ballet to use new techniques to reach those who may never have attended a ballet otherwise , said Christine Knoblauch-O'Neal , a professor of ballet and musical theater at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri . "  Although it may seem off the traditional path , it 's certainly in the realm of ballet collaborations , " she said . "  I think it 's always a wonderful moment when someone first experiences classical ballet within the context of their life ... and -LSB- ` big ' -RSB- seems like the ideal one to do that . " For some of the dancers of the Atlanta Ballet , the show is a chance to perform alongside one of their idols and deviate from their rigidly classical performances . "  A lot of the ballets in the past have been very structured and very classical , " dancer Courtney Necessary said . "  I have a hard time even calling this a ballet -- it 's mostly about movement and being very organic , and finding the beat in music and sometimes going against the beat . The stuff we are doing is nothing like what you would think of as classical ballet . " Big Boi hopes to hype the crowd by debuting his newest single , "  Sir Lucious Leftfoot Saves the Day , " as the last song of the night . Stallings and Big Boi hope the show , which has received growing buzz in the ballet and hip-hop communities , will help bring together a hip-hop crowd that may not have ever chosen to go to a ballet and a classical crowd that might never have heard songs like "  Bombs Over Baghdad . " "  You -LSB- hope -RSB- to open up people 's minds to different avenues that they might not think they can or can not take , " Big Boi said . "  Really the combinations are endless ... when you have creative minds and art forms coming together . " The joining of those forms is a risk Big Boi and Stallings hope will pay off and perhaps unleash a new wave of productions . "  We get to -LSB- take -RSB- a fresh look of the possibilities of tomorrow , " Stallings said . "  You should leave with your senses so wide open that we 're hoping that you experience your life a little different after it . " If "  big " is successful , the show could tour , Big Boi said . But at the least , he said , he expects the audience to enjoy the work 's energetic spirit . "  If you come in there with your tie on , you might have your bow tie leaning to one side when you leave , " Big Boi said , "  because you 're definitely going to move . " E-mail to a friend	Ballet opening Thursday features live performances from OutKast 's Big Boi Choreographer , Big Boi hope fusion of styles opens the minds of audience One number features "  La Traviata " mixed with "  Morris Brown " from "  Idlewild " Big Boi : Show is "  one of the funkiest hybrids I 've ever seen "
CNN  -- This year will mark 51 years since President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas on November 22 , 1963 . Whether you were alive at the time or not , you probably know that Lee Harvey Oswald killed the President , only to be fatally gunned down by Jack Ruby two days later . You probably also know there are hundreds of conspiracy theories about who was behind the assassination , and whether Oswald was the lone gunman or if there was another shooter on the infamous grassy knoll . Here are five things you may not know about the assassination of the 35th president of the United States : 1 . Oswald was n't arrested for JFK killing Lee Harvey Oswald was actually arrested for fatally shooting a police officer , Dallas patrolman J.D. Tippitt , 45 minutes after killing Kennedy . He denied killing either one and , as he was being transferred to county jail two days later , he was shot and killed by Dallas nightclub operator Jack Ruby . 2 . Assassinating the president was n't a federal crime in 1963 Despite the assassinations of three U.S. presidents -- Abraham Lincoln , James Garfield and William McKinley -- killing or attempting to harm a president was n't a federal offense until 1965 , two years after Kennedy 's death . 3 . TV networks suspended shows for four days On November 22 , 1963 , at 12:40 p.m. CST -- just 10 minutes after President Kennedy was shot -- CBS broadcast the first nationwide TV news bulletin on the shooting . After that , all three television networks -- CBS , NBC , and ABC -- interrupted their regular programming to cover the assassination for four straight days . The JFK assassination was the longest uninterrupted news event on television until the coverage of the September 11 attacks in 2001 . 4 . It led to the first and only time a woman swore in a U.S. president Hours after the assassination , Vice President Lyndon Johnson was sworn in as president aboard Air Force One , with Jacqueline Kennedy at his side , an event captured in an iconic photograph . Federal Judge Sarah Hughes administered the oath , the only woman ever to do so . 5 . Oswald had tried to assassinate Kennedy foe Eight months before Oswald assassinated JFK , he tried to kill an outspoken anti-communist , former U.S. Army Gen. Edwin Walker . After his resignation from the U.S. Army in 1961 , Walker became an outspoken critic of the Kennedy administration and actively opposed the move to racially integrate schools in the South . The Warren Commission , charged with investigating Kennedy 's 1963 assassination , found that Oswald had tried to shoot and kill Walker while the retired general was inside his home . Walker suffered minor injuries from bullet fragments .	President John F. Kennedy was assassinated on November 22 , 1963 His assassin , Lee Harvey Oswald , was shot and killed while in police custody Investigations over the decades revealed countless facts -- and new questions about the case
CNN  -- The U.S. government wants to declassify certain broad statistics about its electronic surveillance programs , hoping to prevent Google and Microsoft from releasing more-detailed information about government data requests , CNN has learned . The government on Friday is expected to ask the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court -- the secret court overseeing the programs -- to accept its plan as a compromise , a U.S. official with knowledge of the plan said . In the compromise , the government would release how many metadata requests , broken down by types of requests , it has made of telecommunications and Internet companies , the official said . Opinion : Does our government trust us ? Metadata includes time and duration of calls , and other basic information -- not the actual substance of the information , which would require a separate search warrant . The court gave the government until Friday to come up with a position on Google and Microsoft 's request to release , on their own , statistics on the metadata requests the government made of them under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . The data would be broken down by request type -- such as whether they were made through criminal investigations , FBI national security letters or court orders . Microsoft lashed out at the government 's moves to limit how much data the companies can release . Brad Smith , Microsoft general counsel , in a blogpost said the company would stand with its rival Google to challenge the government and "  will move forward with litigation in the hope that the courts will uphold our right to speak more freely . " The companies have engaged in talks with government lawyers for weeks . Smith said the companies want to "  publish information that clearly shows the number of national security demands for user content , such as the text of an email , " separate from metadata requests . He said the companies believe such information can be published without putting national security at risk . Smith said the companies "  remain concerned with the Government 's continued unwillingness to permit us to publish sufficient data relating to Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act orders ... We believe we have a clear right under the U.S. Constitution to share more information with the public . The purpose of our litigation is to uphold this right so that we can disclose additional data . " NSA misrepresented scope of data collection to secret court The government opposes releasing how many requests it makes to each company . It hopes that the solution it will propose Friday -- releasing statistics on request types in the aggregate , but not company by company -- will suffice . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Thursday that the government would seek to declassify broader statistics . "  Our ability to discuss these activities is limited by our need to protect intelligence sources and methods , " he said . "  FISA and national security letters are an important part of our effort to keep the nation and its citizens safe , and disclosing more detailed information about how they are used and to whom they are directed can obviously help our enemies avoid detection " The surveillance programs were brought to public light through leaks to media outlets by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden , who fled the United States and is now in Russia under temporary asylum . He faces espionage charges . Opinion : Your smartphone is hackers ' next big target CNN Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Google , Microsoft want to release certain stats on NSA surveillance requests Court has given government a Friday deadline to respond Source : Government willing to release these stats , but not company by company
CNN  -- A member of the Hell 's Angels motorcycle club was facing charges including assault with a deadly weapon Sunday after a brawl between club members devolved into a gunfight that left one person dead . Police identified the victim of the shooting at John Ascuaga 's Nugget Casino Resort in Sparks , Nevada , as Jeffrey Pettigrew , 51 , president of the San Jose , California , chapter of the Hell 's Angels . Two other people , both of California and members of the Vagos motorcycle club , were in stable condition at hospitals after being shot in the abdomen and the leg , respectively . Cesar Villagrana , 36 , was arrested after surveillance video showed him "  shooting into the crowd " during the Friday night melee , Sparks police said in a statement . "  However , it can not be confirmed at this time if any of the projectiles struck the victims . " Besides assault with a deadly weapon , Villagrana also faces charges of carrying a concealed weapon ; aiming a firearm at another ; aiming or discharging a firearm where a person is endangered ; and possession of stolen property/firearm , jail records show . His bail was set at $ 500,000 cash only . Authorities appealed to bystanders who may have photographed or videotaped the event to contact police . A second shooting occurred at 10:49 a.m. Saturday , police said . A motorcyclist was traveling down a street when a car pulled alongside him and he was shot in the stomach . The name of that victim was being withheld , but he was in stable condition , authorities said . Witnesses said a black four-door BMW with two people inside was seen speeding away just after the shooting . "  We are unable to definitively link the two shooting incidents at this time , " police said . The incidents occurred during the Street Vibrations Fall Rally , an event that began Wednesday and was expected to continue into Sunday . After the shootings , however , the Sparks portion of the event were canceled through the weekend , the city announced Saturday . The mayor of Sparks also declared a state of emergency . "  Whenever you have people who enter our city with bad intentions , bad things are going to happen , " Sparks Mayor Geno Martini said Saturday . Police said they have increased the number of foot and mobile patrols in the city . Authorities reported that as many as 30 people took part in the casino brawl . Police responded with assistance from overhead helicopters . There has been no violence since the Street Vibrations rally expanded into Sparks , police said . "  The Sparks Police Department wants to acknowledge the acts of these two motorcycle clubs do not represent a majority of the motorcycle enthusiasts that come to the Street Vibrations event , " authorities said in a statement . CNN 's Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	A member of the Hell 's Angels motorcycle club is in custody Police appeal to the public for information , videos of the melee The president of the San Jose Hell 's Angels chapter was killed
SANTA BARBARA , California  CNN  -- A wildfire that has engulfed dozens of homes and displaced thousands of people kept roaring in Southern California on Friday , as fire officials acknowledged they 're not sure how much luck they 'll have slowing the blaze . Smoke from a wind-fueled wildfire casts a glow over Santa Barbara . "  We have a lot of resources on the line -- our folks are working their hearts out , " Joe Waterman of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection told reporters . An estimated 30,000 residents of Santa Barbara County have been ordered to evacuate because of the blaze , which has scorched more than 3,500 acres and damaged or destroyed at least 75 homes , emergency officials said . Santa Barbara County Fire Chief Tom Franklin said the fire has displayed a "  roller coaster effect " because of the changing weather patterns . "  It starts off , looks kind of calm , thinking we 're getting the upper hand , turns out we 're not , " Franklin said . "  As unpredictable as the weather can be , that 's about as unpredictable as the fire is going to be . " The fire has engulfed mansions in the coastal community 's foothills after starting Tuesday in the Cathedral Peak area . "  Nervous " in fire zone " It was about 10 percent contained by Friday morning , fire officials said . Nearly 2,500 people are working on battling the blaze . Watch how the wind pushed fire into new neighborhoods " They could get more help at nightfall Friday , when cool winds from off the coast are expected to bring humid air and cooler temperatures . But that 's the same thing that was expected Thursday night , when the direction of the winds unexpectedly flipped , blowing the fire back toward the sprawling mansions and other homes that dot the hills of the coastal community . The winds that began blowing around sundown Thursday topped 50 mph . "  Last night , all hell broke lose , " Santa Barbara City Fire Chief Andrew DiMizio said . He praised firefighters , who battled a fire front nearly five miles long . "  They were dealt with a deck a cards that was pretty haphazard , " DiMizio said . The cause of the fire is unknown , and authorities are asking anyone with information on its origin to call a tip line . The blaze comes about six months after the Tea Fire destroyed about 200 homes in the Santa Barbara area . "  It 's just horrible . We 're all in a panic here . It 's terrifying , " iReport contributor Exton Quinn said Thursday . Are you there ? Send photos , videos Quinn said she and a friend were out shooting video Wednesday night when "  all of a sudden , the wind changed and a house caught on fire just behind me . " Her duplex , on the edge of a mandatory evacuation zone , had n't burned . But the artist and architect said she was concerned as she headed for Los Angeles on Thursday . "  I have hundreds of paintings , so I would just lose everything , " she said . CNN 's Jim Kavanagh and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	NEW : Blaze in hills is as unpredictable as the weather , fire chief says Fire burns more than 3,500 acres , is 10 percent contained , officials say Estimated 30,000 people ordered to evacuate in Santa Barbara County
CNN  -- Five law enforcement officers were among 70 people in Arkansas charged in a federal drug-trafficking crackdown that also involved public corruption charges , authorities said Tuesday . The five officers took bribes to look the other way while crimes were being committed , authorities said . Investigators are continuing to look at other law agencies for criminal misconduct , authorities said . On Tuesday , 800 federal and local authorities arrested 51 of the 70 people , officials said . Five others were already in custody , and the remaining 14 defendants are considered fugitives , authorities said . The Arkansas National Guard was also involved in making the arrests , authorities said . One agent was shot while serving warrants , and he is hospitalized with injuries that are not life-threatening , authorities said . The law enforcement figures named in indictments are Helena-West Helena Police Department officer Herman Eaton , 46 ; Helena-West Helena officer Robert "  Bam Bam " Rogers , 35 ; Helena-West Helena Sgt. Marlene Kalb , 48 ; Marvell police officer Robert Wahls , 42 ; and former Phllips County Deputy Sheriff Winston Dean Jackson , 44 , who 's now a Helena-West Helena police officer , according to court records and a prosecutors ' statement . Their attorneys could n't be immediately determined or reached for comment . A two-year investigation , called Operation Delta Blues , focused on public corruption , cocaine and crack cocaine trafficking , and money laundering in the Helena-West Helena and Marianna , Arkansas , areas , authorities said . Investigators used 16 court-authorized wiretaps in their investigation , officials said . "  Today 's indictments and arrests are merely the beginning . We believe there are more cases of corruption , and we intend to press forward with our investigation to weed out those who would sacrifice their oath and violate the public 's trust , " said Valerie Parlave , special agent in charge of the Little Rock field office for the Federal Bureau of Investigation . "  Several of those indicted today are no strangers to law enforcement . Many have been charged in state court with some of the serious class  of  felonies , including murder , " Parlave continued . "  Yet they remain free today . As our investigation moves forward , we continue to find instances where these violent felonies were never completely prosecuted and some of the most serious charges were dropped . " Added U.S. Attorney Christopher R. Thyer of the Eastern District of Arkansas , "  Our commitment to eradicating drug trafficking and violent crime has never been stronger . "  When these two elements are mixed with law enforcement corruption , it can make for the perfect storm in a community . It can paralyze honest law enforcement action , silence witnesses , and erode public confidence in our system of justice , " Thyer said in a written statement . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Operation Delta Blues is a federal crackdown on drug trafficking and public corruption The two-year investigation involved 16 court-authorized wiretaps The inquiry focused on Helena-West Helena and Marianna , Arkansas "  We believe there are more cases of corruption , " an FBI agent says
CNN  -- The trial of Anders Behring Breivik , who has admitted killing 77 people in a bomb and gun rampage in Norway last summer , is under way in Oslo . In a new courtroom specially built in the Norwegian capital for the trial , judges will consider whether Breivik was insane at the time of the killings , and whether he should be sent to prison or a mental facility for his crimes . What is Breivik charged with ? The 33-year-old Norwegian man is facing charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror . He is accused of setting off a bomb in central Oslo that killed eight people , then fatally shooting 69 people at a youth camp run by the ruling Labour Party on nearby Utoya Island on July 22 , 2011 . Who decides Breivik 's fate ? The current trial is in front of what is called the court of first instance , says Jon T. Johnsen , Professor of Law at the University of Oslo . The court has no jury , but is instead made up of two professional judges and three "  lay judges " -- members of the public that are chosen for the case just as members of a traditional jury would be -- that have the same powers as the professional judges do . In this court of first instance , the five judges will hear Breivik 's case , decide whether he is guilty or not , and if he is found guilty they will also sentence him . Breivik then has a right to appeal the decision to a higher court . If Breivik 's appeal relates to the question of guilt , a court comprised of 10 jurors and moderated by three professional judges will oversee the new trial . Seven guilty votes are required to convict in an appellate court . If a guilty verdict is reached , the three professional judges will join four members of the jury to decide on sentencing . The case can then be appealed to the Supreme Court of Norway . However , the jury 's evaluation of the evidence for his guilt is final . The case can then be appealed to the Supreme Court of Norway . What will happen during the trial ? Breivik 's trial in front of the court of first instance is expected to take up to 10 weeks . Both the prosecution and defense are expected to call dozens of witnesses to the stand , and a verdict is not expected until weeks after the trial 's conclusion . The opening proceedings of the trial Monday were televised on Norwegian television , streamed around the world and beamed via video link to 17 other courthouses across the country , where many of the bereaved sat watching . Breivik was allowed to read a prepared statement in court on Tuesday , but presiding Judge Wenche Elizabeth Arntzen ruled that his testimony would not be broadcast -- rejecting his claim that airing it was a human right . Read more : Norwegians value killer 's human rights While broadcasting from trials is usually forbidden in Norway , Johnsen says the decision is up to the professional judges of a case before the trial begins . "  I think the case is being aired because of the large public interest , " he told CNN . "  We have n't had any comparable case like this since the age of television started . " Could Breivik be jailed for life ? The court has two options if Breivik is convicted , says Johnsen , and it depends on whether the court finds he was either sane or insane at the time of the killings . In November , prosecutors said psychiatrists had determined that Breivik was paranoid and schizophrenic at the time of the attacks and during 13 interviews experts conducted with him afterward . But in a report released in April , two court-appointed psychiatric experts said Breivik was sane at the time of the killings . The decision on Breivik 's sanity ultimately rests with the courts -- and while the maximum sentence for homicide or terror acts is 21 years , Johnsen says there are two ways the Norwegian courts can keep Breivik under state custody well past his initial jail sentence . If Breivik is found to be sane , the court could sentence him to the traditional 21-year prison sentence , the maximum term for a homicide or terror act conviction , but he must be released after serving that sentence . But the court could also sentence Breivik under a provision called "  preventive detention , " which also has a maximum of 21 years but can be prolonged in five year increments after that -- which means the court can detain Breivik indefinitely after his sentence if he is found to be a continued threat to the public . If the court finds Breivik insane , he can not be sentenced to prison or preventive detention , but can be confined to a psychiatric institution for the rest of his life , pending reviews of his mental state by the court every three years . The prosecution will argue that Breivik was insane at the time of the attack , according to CNN 's Diana Magnay . A verdict of insane would allow Breivik to be placed in this involuntary psychiatric treatment , which means he will receive a sentence  of less than 21 years  that can then be extended indefinitely for three-year periods pending an evaluation of his threat to the public . The death penalty is not an option -- Norway banned the peacetime practice of it in 1905 , and Johnsen says no one has been executed since roughly 20 Norwegian war criminals were put to death following World War II . Breivik 's defense will try to prove he was sane at the time of the killings , his lawyers have said . Has anyone ever been jailed for life in Norway ? While people may have been remanded to psychiatric wards indefinitely following crimes , Johnsen says no one has ever been detained indefinitely under preventive detention until their death because the law has only existed in its current form for roughly a decade . How likely is it Breivik will ever be freed from state custody ? While it is too early to tell how people will feel about Breivik as a threat to public safety in 20 years , Johnsen believes Breivik will walk free one day if he 's determined to be sane by the courts . "  I think he will get out at some point , unless it comes up that he is really insane and will be for the rest of his life , " he told CNN . "  I do n't know if he 's insane -- what we know from the past is that it 's not uncommon for criminals that acted from a political motivation to change their ideology and beliefs as they get older , and they think differently about the things that brought them to commit these crimes , and then their danger to society becomes reduced . " CNN Wires and CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	Breivik accused of killing 77 people in Norway last summer in bomb and gun rampage Potential sentence hinges on whether court finds Breivik sane or insane at time of killings Breivik 's trial will be partly televised and is expected to last up to 10 weeks Expert : Breivik could one day walk free after serving sentence
Fort George G. Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- Defense lawyers for an Army private accused in the biggest intelligence leak in U.S. history brought up Saturday a purported female alter ego of Bradley Manning 's as they seek to establish his state of mind at the time of the alleged crimes . The testimony came on the second day of Manning 's Article 32 hearing , which coincided with his 24th birthday . Special agent Calder Robertson of the Army Criminal Investigation Command  CID  , testifying by phone from Germany , was asked by one of Manning 's attorneys if he knew that the Army private had an alter ego with the name , Breanna Manning . The agent said he was aware Manning used the name in online chats . During questioning by Manning 's lawyer , it was revealed that Manning kept a folder of articles about gender identity disorder in his living quarters . Manning is accused of leaking more than a quarter of a million classified Pentagon and State Department documents that ended up on the WikiLeaks website . The special agent was one of four with the Army 's CID who testified Saturday . His testimony included information about how the agent took custody of the computers and hardware seized from Manning 's base and made exact digital images of them to assure that the information on them would not be lost in the event of an accident during transportation . Another agent testified by phone from Hawaii about searching Manning 's living space and office and a storeroom at Forward Operating Base Hammer where he was stationed in Iraq . That agent said she seized several laptops , a hard drive and a device used to link computers to the secret military system where the documents Manning is accused of leaking were available . About a half a dozen computers belonging to Manning , or found in areas where he worked in Iraq and Maryland , have been taken as evidence and analyzed . When pressed on whether people other than Manning could have used those computers , Robertson said he did not know . He testified that Manning 's personal laptop , seized in Iraq , was not password protected . A third agent , Mark Mander , who was part of the search of Manning 's aunt 's house in Potomac , Maryland , which was listed in Army records as his home address , testified that a memory card containing classified information was found among Manning 's belongings . It was not clear if the material on that card was the same as what was given to WikiLeaks . Prosecutors also called on Capt. Steven Lim and retired Sgt. First Class Brian Madrid to testify . Madrid was Manning 's platoon sergeant at Fort Huachuca , in Arizona , where Manning received his first intelligence training after basic training . Manning got in trouble there for posting a video on YouTube claiming that he was working on "  secret " and "  classified " material , Madrid testified . That violated the school 's policy , but Manning did not lose his security clearance . Lim , who was an officer in Manning 's chain of command at FOB Hammer when Manning served there , spoke about the Army private 's strengths at using some computer programs , and his weakness at public speaking . Manning was moved from the night shift in his unit 's intelligence office to day shift so he could get "  more supervision , " Lim said . He was eventually moved back to night shift . Lim also testified about two instances in which Manning allegedly lost his temper and became violent with members of his unit . In one incident , Lim said he understood that Manning flipped a table after being reprimanded for arriving late to work . In that case , Manning was not removed from duty as an intelligence officer . When asked why he was allowed to stay , Lim said : "  We needed the work . We needed people . " In the second incident , which led to Manning being moved from an area where he did intelligence work to a storeroom , the Army private allegedly assaulted a fellow soldier . Finally , Lim testified that a sergeant who counseled Manning about his behavior wrote letters about Manning 's emotional problems , but did n't show them to Lim until after Manning 's arrest . One of those letters referred to a photograph in which Manning appeared dressed as a woman . The sergeant should have informed him as soon as he learned about Manning 's gender identity issues , Lim said , so that action could have been taken . The United States has charged Manning with 22 counts of violating military code , ranging from the theft of records to aiding the enemy . Experts say conviction on the latter charge probably would land Manning in prison for life . But , if a general sees fit , the law would allow Manning to be eligible for the death penalty . Manning 's Article 32 hearing , the military equivalent of a grand jury hearing that will determine whether enough evidence exists to merit a court-martial , is expected to last at least a week . Testimony is scheduled to resume Sunday morning . Most of the first day of Manning 's hearing on Friday focused on a defense motion seeking the recusal of the hearing 's investigative officer . As the investigating officer , Lt. Col. Paul Almanza oversees the hearing and will make a recommendation when it 's complete about what , if any , charges Manning should face at court-martial . Defense attorney David Coombs alleged that Almanza may be prejudiced and should step down . Among Coombs ' objections was that Almanza , an Army Reservist , has a conflict of interest because of his civilian job with the Justice Department , which is investigating WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange . Almanza denied the motion for recusal , and Coombs immediately appealed to the Army Court of Appeals , which denied Coombs ' motion again on Friday night .	NEW : Testimony is scheduled to resume Sunday morning Bradley was Breanna during some online chats , agent testifies Manning kept a folder of articles about gender identity disorder , agent says The Army private is accused of leaking classified documents
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government said Friday it has arrested members of a cell believed responsible for Wednesday 's truck bombings in which more than 100 people were killed . Workers clear the site outside the ministries of Finance and Foreign Affairs in Baghdad . Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , spokesman for Baghdad Operations Command , appeared on Iraqi state television Friday night to announce the arrests , which he said were made within two hours of the bombings in the capital city . Those arrested include people believed to have planned and executed the attacks , Atta said . It was not immediately clear how many people were arrested . Initial investigations show a link between the cell and the ousted Baath regime of Saddam Hussein , Atta said . Authorities are also seeking people thought to have provided cell members with logistical support and identification , he said . Iraq Security Forces recovered a truck Friday with five tons of C-4 explosives in the Abu Ghraib area , on the western outskirts of Baghdad , Atta said Friday night . More than 500 people were wounded Wednesday in the six explosions in Baghdad . In one attack , a truck bomb exploded outside the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . The blast blew through the front of the building , sending some vehicles flying and leaving others in mangled twists of metal in the area , which is just outside the restricted International Zone , also known as the Green Zone . Another truck bomb went off outside the Ministry of Finance building . Authorities said Thursday that 11 high-ranking security officials from the Iraqi army and police were detained for investigation . The Iraqi government in the past has made claims of arrests that did not hold up . In April , it said it had captured Abu Omar al-Baghdadi , the head of al Qaeda in Iraq 's umbrella group , the Islamic State of Iraq . The Islamic State of Iraq denied it , and the capture was never confirmed by the U.S. military . The explosions made Wednesday the country 's deadliest day since the United States pulled its combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns nearly two months ago and left security in the hands of the Iraqis . The U.S. military remains in a training and advisory capacity in those areas and continues to conduct combat operations outside cities and towns . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki ordered increased security measures , including more checkpoints and more stringent vehicle searches across the capital , government officials said on Thursday . The Iraqi government has been trying to restore what it described as normalcy to the streets of the capital in recent weeks . Al-Maliki ordered his government to take down within 40 days the concrete blast walls that line Baghdad 's streets and protected neighborhoods at the height of the war . Many Iraqis have criticized the move as premature .	Wednesday bombings of Finance , Foreign Affairs ministries killed more than 100 Iraqi official says suspects were arrested two hours after attacks 11 high-ranking security officials from the Iraqi army and police detained , he says
The whereabouts of ousted Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan were a mystery Wednesday after he flew out of the country the night before , despite a prosecutor 's order he not leave after his removal from office . Zeidan was in Malta late Tuesday on a refueling stop for about two hours while en route to "  another European country , " Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat said in televised remarks . As of Wednesday , it was unclear which country that was or if he had arrived there . Libya 's acting Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Abdullah al-Thinni told reporters Wednesday that -- despite the prosecutor 's order -- there was no ban and Zeidan was free to leave . "  If there is a warrant ... if he is wanted by the judiciary , he can return and be held accountable according to the law and international norms . And this is not considered fleeing , " al-Thinni said , contradicting an earlier statement from the Ministry of Justice . Hours earlier , the North African country 's parliament dismissed the prime minister after rebels in eastern Libya said a tanker loaded with oil from a port under their control escaped a naval blockade and moved into international waters . Libya 's prosecutor general said in Tripoli he had banned Zeidan from traveling abroad because of an investigation relating to a payment the government allegedly made last year to an armed group blocking oil ports in the east . A copy of the travel ban , dated March 11 , was posted on his press office 's Facebook page marked "  urgent and important . " "  We order placing the aforementioned in the monitoring database and banning him from travel until he appears for the investigation , " said the order , addressed to the head of Libya 's immigration department . Oil chaos The vote of no-confidence came after Zeidan 's failure to stop rebels from exporting oil independently , the latest challenge in the vast desert nation 's bumpy transition . The Libyan government said late Monday it had taken control of the North Korean-flagged tanker , Morning Glory , as it tried to leave the Al-Sidra port in eastern Libya , and after having briefly exchanged fire with rebels . However , in a sign of the chaos and conflicting information typical for Libya , the rebels rejected the assertion . On Wednesday , al-Thinni said the tanker was at sea where Libyan military forces fired on it until they were called off by the U.S. Navy for fear of an environmental disaster . The oil tanker managed to sail away despite a fire on board , he said . A spokesman for Egypt 's military , Col. Ahmed Ali , said on Wednesday that its navy will monitor Egyptian waters for the oil tanker . If the Egyptian navy finds the Morning Glory in Egyptian waters , authorities will demand to board and inspect the vessel to verify that the ship 's cargo is legal and properly authorized , Ali said . Egyptian authorities will detain the ship if they find it to be violating of any laws or regulations . A North Korean state news agency said that while the ship had been temporarily flagged in North Korea , it is operated by the Golden East Logistics Company in Alexandria , Egypt . KCNA also wrote that North Korea notified the International Maritime Organization that the ship owners had violated North Korean law . It said Pyongyang had canceled and deleted the ship 's registry . Oil slump Oil production , Libya 's economic lifeline , has slowed to a trickle since the summer as armed protesters have seized oil ports and oil fields to press political and financial demands . Oil revenue in the first two months of the year was only 16 % of what was expected in the budget , Deputy Oil Minister Omar Shukmak said . They are seeking a greater share of the country 's oil revenue , as well as autonomy for eastern Libya . Al-Thinni said the military would not fight the protesters in the ports . "  There will be no use of force against Libyan citizens , " he said . The conflict over oil wealth is stoking fears Libya may slide deeper into chaos as the fragile government fails to rein in the armed brigades that helped oust Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 but now do as they please . The removal of Zeidan , a liberal weakened for months by infighting with Islamists , deepens the turmoil in the country of 6 million people .	State media in North Korea says temporary registry for tanker has been canceled Acting PM says predecessor free to leave , return for legal proceedings Abdullah al-Thinni says Libyan navy tracked oil tanker after it got through blockade Cairo says it will board the tanker if it enters Egyptian waters
EW.com  -- Shortly before the release of 2010â $ ² s Will Forte-starring action-comedy "  MacGruber , " the "  Saturday Night Live " star told this writer that he would definitely like to make a sequel . "  That is a dream scenario , " said the comic . "  Just to be working with the same group of people would be awesome . I would love the chance to do that again ... in a tropical setting . " The chances of anyone ever putting up the dough for "  MacGruber 2 " seemed subatomically slight after the film garnered some dismal reviews -- EW 's Liza Schwarzbaum dismissed it as "  90 minutes of talented performers doing and saying dumb , crude stuff in pursuit of an elusive laugh " -- and a mere $ 4.1 million on its opening weekend . The good-natured Forte essentially admitted that he and director Jorma Taccone had laid a box-office egg last year when my colleague Grady Smith puckishly asked him , in the course of an "  Awkward Questions " Q&A , what he had planned for "  MacGruber 3 . " The comedian 's reply ? "  We 're definitely gon na make Kristen Wiig 's part a little bigger and we 're gon na call it ` Bridesmaids 2 : MacGruber 3 . ' And the ` MacGruber 3 ' will be in very small print . " So it comes as a surprise to learn that Forte and Taccone have been discussing a "  MacGruber " sequel . Earlier this week the website Screen Crush quoted Taccone as saying that "  Every time I hang out with Will , we talk about all our cool ideas for the sequel . We have the idea for it and we have a title , but I wo n't tell you what it is . " Truth be told , the idea of a "  MacGruber " sequel is not quite as bizarre as it might at first appear . If the original film did n't make money , it certainly did n't lose that much thanks to its small $ 10 million budget . And Forte , Taccone , and co-writer John Solomon 's unhingedly risquÃ © creation does have its fans . Devin Fraci of the Alamo Drafthouse blog Bada -- Digest actually made "  MacGruber " one of his top 10 movies of 2010 , hailing Taccone 's directorial debut as "  exactly the right combination of raunchy , stupid , anarchic and plain weird . " And just yesterday , chud.com 's Tim Kelly wrote that "  No comedy of the last few years is more deserving of a cult following than MacGruber . " True , the film has yet to accrue the kind of cult fanbase which has developed around Tommy Wiseau 's so-bad-it 's - amazing "  The Room " -- a movie referenced in "  MacGruber " -- but that may be because it 's not that bad  for the record , this reporter supports any project in which Val Kilmer plays a character called "  Dieter Von Cunth "  . The bad news for "  MacGruber " fans is that Taccone looks likely to next make an adaptation of comic "  The Great Unknown "  and the bad news for Forte 's hopes of filming somewhere tropical is that , according to Taccone , a sequel would follow in the footsteps of "  Die Hard " by being Christmas-themed  . So here 's the question : Would you pay money to see "  MacGruber 2 " ? See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Will Forte and director Jorma Taccone have been discussing a "  MacGruber " sequel "  MacGruber " in 2010 only made a mere $ 4.1 million on its opening weekend It certainly did n't lose that much thanks to its small $ 10 million budget
CNN  -- Los Angeles Galaxy reached Major League Soccer 's  MLS  championship match on Sunday after a 3-1 defeat of Real Salt Lake in the Western Conference final . The Galaxy , two-time MLS Cup winners , reached the deciding game for a record seventh time thanks to goals from captain Landon Donovan , American Mike Magee and Ireland striker Robbie Keane in front of their home fans at the Home Depot Center . Manager Bruce Arena 's Galaxy will face Houston Dynamo in the post-season 's final match , after Dynamo beat Sporting Kansas City in the Eastern Conference final . The final , which will take place at the Home Depot Center , could be midfielder David Beckham 's last match for Los Angeles , with the former England captain 's contract expiring at the end of the season . But Beckham , 36 , is focused only on the upcoming match with Dynamo , after playing in the MLS Cup 2009 when the Galaxy were beaten by Real Salt Lake in a penalty shoot-out . "  We 're happy to be winning the Western final , but we know that there is one more game to go so we 're not getting carried away , " the former Real Madrid and Manchester United star told the league 's official website . "  We did that a couple of years ago and we paid for it . We did n't win the MLS Cup final , so hopefully this will be something that we 're happy to win -LSB- on Sunday -RSB- , but we know that we 've got one more game . " Galaxy went ahead on 23 minutes when Donovan , 29 , converted a penalty after Andy Williams ' push on Omar Gonzalez . Dynamo responded almost immediately , striker Alvaro Saborio scoring with a close-range header to equalize after 25 minutes . Beckham , capped 115 times by England , helped Galaxy regain the lead on 58 minutes , his pin-point cross headed home by Magee . Former Tottenham and Liverpool forward Keane secured the win for Galaxy with 22 minutes remaining , wriggling free of his marker before firing a low shot beyond Salt Lake goalkeeper Nick Rimandi . Dynamo needed second half goals from defender Andre Hainault and forward Carlos Costly to see off the challenge of Sporting Kansas City in front of a record crowd at Livestrong Sporting Park . The 16th MLS Cup final will complete the 2011 season and will be played on Sunday November 20 .	Los Angeles Galaxy have reached the 2011 MLS Cup Galaxy reached the championship game after a 3-1 win over Real Salt Lake Bruce Arena 's team will face Houston Dynamo in the November 20 match
CNN  -- The CEO of Levis Strauss , Chip Bergh , has some advice for you : Do n't wash your jeans . As in do n't wash them ... ever . Speaking at Fortune 's Brainstorm Green conference , Chip said he was sporting a pair that had "  yet to see a washing machine " in over a year . Worried about germs , you germaphobes ? No problem , he says . Just stick your jeans in the freezer once a month next to the frozen waffles to kill off the bacteria . Apparently getting them icy will neutralize the sweat , coffee spills and other bodily fluids that might collect in the zipper or "  seating " area . He also suggests spot cleaning with a sponge or a toothbrush . While that could work for the stuff on the outside of your jeans , what about all the stuff your body cooked up that 's on the flip side ? Once you get 'em back up to body temperature , wo n't you be warming up those germs again ? Yuck . Jean freezing has become quite the craze in the past few years . It even comes with its own video tutorials and folding techniques posted online by bloggers around the country . Interesting , but somehow I doubt an overnight stay in the freezer is going to silence the filth festival that accumulates on a pair of jeans over the course of wearing them for 30 days straight . The only time I tried jean freezing was during a family fishing trip a few years ago in the Wind River Range . We "  washed " a load in the river and hung a line up for our laundry to dry overnight . I woke up to unexpected frost and a pair of Carhartts that felt like plywood . If you think it 's hard to pull on your jeggings , ladies , try cracking open a pair of jeans that are frozen solid . Bergh claims that not washing your jeans keeps them in mint condition and helps conserve water . Both noble pursuits . But what about conserving the cleanliness of your lower extremities and not subjecting your colleagues to the stench of dirty denim ? Have you ever cooked bacon or mucked a stall in a pair of jeans ? It 's a gift that keeps on giving . And with this thought , it has dawned on me . He 's not talking to people like my Uncle Warren , who rise with the sun to work the Angus cattle farm that 's been in my family for generations . He 's talking to people who like to look fancy in their jeans . The people that benefit most from not washing denim are the ones who 'll throw down what is for many Americans a monthly salary to buy something they 'll never wash , because , quite frankly , they 'll probably be worn no more than four times before their next new pair of jeans . And listen , science says this "  freezing jean " phenomena does n't stand up to analysis . In plain English : No , freezing your jeans will not kill all bacteria , but throwing them in the microwave just might . Stephen Craig Cary , a University of Delaware expert on frozen microbes suggests "  you either raise the temperature to 121 degrees Celsius for at least 10 minutes or just wash them ! The latter surely is the best alternative to save energy . " He adds : "  One might think that if the temperature drops well below the human body temperature they  bacteria  will not survive , but actually many will . Many are pre-adapted to survive low temperatures . " Then again , since much of a CEO 's job is to drum up as much marketing buzz as possible , it 's no wonder that Bergh is making this unsanitary claim -- thereby bringing Levi 's back to the forefront of a conversation . Even if it makes him smell like a farm animal .	Mel Robbins : Levi 's CEO says save water , do n't wash your jeans , freeze them to freshen Robbins : That 's gross She says science does n't support this , even though there 's lots of online info on how to do it Robbins : People who buy new jeans frequently could do it ; for the rest of us , it 's unsanitary
London  CNN  -- Lady Gaga visited WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange at the Ecuador embassy in London and spent five hours with him Monday . The pop star was in London to launch her new perfume , Fame , at Harrods department store in Knightsbridge , close to the Ecuadorian embassy . Lady Gaga launches ` slutty ' fragrance According to media reports she went to the embassy to see Assange at around 7:00 p.m. and emerged out of the embassy well past midnight . Lady Gaga also posted pictures with Assange on her website , Digital Spy reported . She was dressed as a witch , in a black gown and a fitting witch hat . Assange , 41 , has been granted political asylum in Ecuador and has been living in the embassy since June . Assange faces extradition to Sweden over allegations of rape and sexual assault made by two women . His legal team , however , claims he will not be given fair trial and that he is being pursued because of WikiLeak 's exposure of U.S. embassy cables , which leaked "  secret details " that embarrassed the U.S. government . Read more : Lady Gaga posts nearly nude pics	Lady Gaga spends five hours with Julian Assange at the Ecuadorian embassy Pop star was in London to launch her new perfume at Harrods Pictures show Lady Gaga dressed as a witch
CNN  -- Since 9/11 , the United States has increasingly relied on drones to kill its enemies and to chip away at terrorism around the globe . Drone warfare has always been controversial . But it became virtually sensational during the heated discussion over John Brennan 's nomination to be CIA chief . Responding to a question stemming from that discussion , Attorney General Eric Holder said this week that he would n't rule out the possibility of a drone strike against Americans on U.S. soil . But he said the administration was n't planning on such a strike and would use the option only under extreme circumstances . Holder futher clarified the administration 's stance Thursday with a brief letter to Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , who had staged a 13-hour filibuster of Brennan 's confirmation . "  It has come to my attention that you have now asked an additional question : ` Does the President have the authority to use a weaponized drone to kill an American not engaged in combat on American soil ? ' " Holder wrote . "  The answer to that question is no . " A to Z : The drone program That satisfied Paul , who had ended his filibuster and allowed Brennan 's confirmation to go on . But it has n't ended the discussion about the use of drones over the United States . What 's President Obama 's argument ? For some time , the administration has fervently defended the drone program in general , boasting that it has helped decimate al Qaeda and saved the lives of troops that might otherwise be involved in ground attacks . The United States has carried out 349 "  CIA drone strikes " in Pakistan and 61 in Yemen , according to Washington-based nonpartisan think tank The New America Foundation . When it comes to drone strikes in Indiana or New York , the administration insists the unmanned machines could be used when an imminent threat to the United States is clear . Drone strikes on U.S. soil could be necessary when capture is n't feasible , the administration says . Dealing with a 9/11 or a Pearl Harbor-style attack -- or one that seems very likely -- could justify a domestic drone strike , Holder said . What law or precedent might support their argument ? CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said there is no law on drone strikes . "  Police officers use weapons on American citizens all the time , " he said . "  This is just another weapon . " The Supreme Court has held that the military may constitutionally use force against a U.S. citizen who is a part of enemy forces . But that 's not in the United States . Again , there is other documentation about drone use against U.S. citizens abroad . Consider a Justice Department memo , given to select members of Congress last year , that says the U.S. government can use lethal force against American citizens overseas who are operational leaders of al Qaeda or its affiliates . One high-profile example of a U.S. citizen killed in a strike overseas is Anwar al-Awlaki , a radical cleric born and educated in the United States . A drone killed him in Yemen in 2011 . Who are the most vocal opponents ? The pushback against the administration has united unlikely bedfellows . Republicans and Democrats are both dubious of drones hovering over Americans . But while Paul stopped the Senate 's work cold to express his displeasure , the GOP is n't standing as one over anti-terrorism tactics . Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham assailed Paul 's filibuster . "  All I can say is that I do n't think that what happened yesterday is helpful to the American people , " McCain , R-Arizona , said on the Senate floor Thursday . At one point in his filibuster , Paul said there would be nothing stopping the United States from dropping a missile on Jane Fonda , who actively protested the Vietnam War in the 1970s . McCain , who admitted that Fonda was n't his "  favorite American , " was peeved by Paul 's argument . "  Somehow to allege that the United States of America -- our government -- will drop a drone Hellfire missile on Jane Fonda , that brings the conversation from a serious discussion about U.S. policy to the realm of the ridiculous , " he sniped . An American Civil Liberties Union lawyer called Obama the "  judge , jury and executioner " in the matter , and said he agreed with Paul . What are the political overtones here ? The debate , in a larger way , is about the struggle between the executive and legislative branches and which wields authority in such matters . There are also questions about how the issue might affect the next presidential election , when Obama 's two terms will be up . Paul has hinted that he may run in 2016 . The next president will probably , at least until challenged , assume the same authority Obama has regarding drone strikes . But Micah Zenko with the Council on Foreign Relations , an expert on drones and terrorism , cautions against too many predictions . "  This is such a fast-moving issue , and many parts are still being decided , " he said . "  But I would add that if you look at how the topic played out in the last election , there was one question on drones in the third debate , and both candidates thought about it for 10 seconds and agreed they were great , " he said . "  Maybe next time , it will take 20 seconds before they say that . " What 's the larger issue at stake ? Drones are becoming more common in general , and technology can not be stopped , experts say . Controlling the technology and its capabilities will be incredibly difficult . So that will make the idea of transparency even more important . There has been "  a means of dealing with imminent threat in this country -- it 's the police , a time-honored way of dealing with the guy who comes into Congress with a grenade launcher , " said Tom Junod , an Esquire magazine writer who has written about Obama and the drone program . "  We would n't be talking about this if we did n't suddenly have this technology ability of taking out anybody we wish . "  It 's the technology that has extended the arm of the law and executive attention . " The question for Americans is how far they want the president 's arm to reach .	What is the administration 's argument for targeting U.S. citizens on U.S. soil ? There is no drone law , or precedent , CNN legal analyst says Debate has united strange bedfellows -- Democrats , Republicans , ACLU
CNN  -- AC Milan stayed just one point behind Serie A leaders Juventus with a convincing 3-0 win over Cagliari in the San Siro Sunday . Juve had kept up the pressure with a 2-1 win over Udinese Saturday , but Milan responded in style . Star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic set them on their way as he curled home a 20 meter free kick in the first half . Antonio Nocerino doubled their lead before halftime and Massimo Ambrosini added a fine third in the 75th minute . But Milan 's city rivals Inter saw their seven-match winning run ended with a 1-0 defeat at strugglers Lecce . Guillermo Giacomazzi scored for Lecce just before the break and they held out for a valuable win . Lazio stayed in fourth , eight points behind the leaders , with a 3-0 win at Chievo . Hernanes put them ahead in the first half with a late double from Miroslav Klose sealing the three points . In Germany , Borussia Monchengladbach kept pace with the leading three in the Bundesliga with an impressive 3-0 win at Stuttgart . Star striker Mike Hanke gave the visitors the lead in the first half with Marco Reus and Igor de Camargo adding further goals after the break . Valencia substitute Aritz Aduriz salvaged a point for his side in a 2-2 draw at Racing Santander in La Liga Sunday . Both teams ended with 10 men after Pedro Munitis for Santander and Valencia 's Ricardo Costa both saw red in injury time . Aduriz then cropped up to score the leveler as his team stay third , five points ahead of Levante , who earlier lost 2-1 at home to Getafe .	AC Milan keep pace in Serie A title race with 3-0 win over Cagliari Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores opener in easy win in San Siro Borussia Moenchengladbach beat Stuttgart 3-0 in Bundesliga Valencia consolidate third in Spain after 2-2 draw
Another royal baby is on the way . Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expected to become parents for a second time , Buckingham Palace announced Monday . "  The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news , " the palace said . It did n't say when the due date will be . As during her first pregnancy , Catherine is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum , the palace said . The condition involves nausea and vomiting more severe than the typical morning sickness many women suffer during early pregnancy . She is being treated by doctors at Kensington Palace and did n't accompany Prince William on a planned visit Monday to Oxford . The decision to announce the pregnancy was made when it became apparent Catherine was not well enough to go on the Oxford trip and that a number of other forthcoming engagements could be affected , a royal source told CNN . Why does the ` spare heir ' matter ? "  The couple only found out very recently . The Duchess has not even reached the crucial 12-week stage , " the source said . William told reporters in Oxford that the couple were thrilled and Catherine was "  feeling OK . " "  It 's been a tricky few days , " he said . "  We 're hoping things settle down soon and she feels better . " The couple 's first child , Prince George , was born in July 2013 . The second child will become fourth in line to the British throne . Prince Charles is first in line , followed by William , Prince George and then eventually the new baby . The new child will knock future uncle Prince Harry down to fifth . British Prime Minister David Cameron was among those quick to welcome the royal announcement . "  Many congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , " he tweeted . "  I 'm delighted by the happy news that they 're expecting another baby . "	The baby will become fourth in line to the British throne "  The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news , " the palace says As in her first pregnancy , Catherine is suffering from acute morning sickness British Prime Minister David Cameron says he is "  delighted by the happy news "
Budget Travel  -- Smartphone air travel apps have been designed with all phases of your trip in mind . From finding a flight to finding a good cup of coffee during your layover , Budget Travel has selected five top apps to help make the most of your time in the sky -- or on the ground . See Budget Travel 's Ultimate Guide to Travel Apps FIND A FLIGHT Kayak 's website set the standard for streamlined searching , and its app delivers the same ease of use on the go . Simply enter your destination and travel dates , and the app spits back options sorted by price , time or airline ; a single click takes you to the corresponding booking site . Free . Download it : Android , BlackBerry , iPhone/iPad . TRACK YOUR ITINERARY Forget paging through printouts of confirmation codes and terminal info . The TripIt travel app culls flight numbers , gate information , and even loyalty-program account numbers from e-mail receipts you forward . From these , it assembles a master trip itinerary you can access from anywhere . Free . Download it : Android , BlackBerry , iPhone/iPad . MAKE THE MOST OF A LAYOVER Consider it Yelp for airports . GateGuru 's app contains searchable directories for 98 U.S. airports  124 airports overall  and more than 25 international hubs . They take the guesswork out of finding an ATM , a decent cup of coffee , or a 10-minute massage station -- wherever you happen to be delayed . Some locations even have user reviews , rankings , and photos . Free . Download it : iPhone/iPad . The 20 Best-Kept Secrets of Washington , D.C. CRAFT A CONTINGENCY PLAN For the frequent flier who has no time for snafus , FlightTrack Pro is an essential aid . In addition to storing and tracking your flights , FlightTrack Pro pulls vital info like gate changes and weather reports for 5,000 airports and 1,400 airlines . If your flight is canceled or delayed , it 's easy to search for other connections while you 're standing in line for the gate agent or even from 30,000 feet -- you can access the app 's route-maps feature offline when you 're in the air . iPhone , iPad  FlightTrack Pro  , $ 10 ; Android , Blackberry  FlightTrack  , $ 5 . Download it : Android , BlackBerry , iPhone/iPad . 10 Natural Wonders to See Before They Disappear KILL TIME ON THE FLIGHT The perfect nervous-passenger distraction , Flight Control HD for iPad gives folks something to focus on while surviving a long-haul flight : an air-traffic-control strategy game that lets you manage planes ' flight patterns by dragging them along the touch screen . If only getting to your real-world destination were so easy . iPhone  Flight Control  , $ 1 ; Android , BlackBerry  Flight Control  , $ 3 ; iPad  Flight Control HD  , $ 5 . Download it : Android , BlackBerry , iPhone , iPad . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Smartphone air travel apps have been designed with all phases of your trip in mind Kayak 's app supplies travel options sorted by price , time or airline GateGuru 's app helps travelers on a layover find whatever they need in airport directories FlightTrack Pro pulls vital info like gate changes and weather reports for 1,400 airlines
CNN  A Korean Air executive has resigned from some of her duties after she ordered a flight to be turned around to the gate and a flight attendant off the plane because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate . Heather Cho , whose Korean name is Cho Hyun-ah , resigned Tuesday from the airline 's catering and in-flight sales business , and its cabin service and hotel business divisions , an airline spokesman said . But she is keeping her title as a vice president of the national carrier , he said . As for the next steps , the spokesman told CNN there is an investigation going on , so "  we will have to see . " The incident occurred Friday at New York 's JFK airport on a flight due to take off for the South Korean city of Incheon . Cho reportedly demanded that the plane go back to the gate so the crew member who served her macadamia nuts out of a bag rather than on a plate in First Class could be kicked off the flight . Although her role put her in charge of in-flight service , she was only a passenger on this flight and was not flying in an official capacity . According to South Korean news agency Yonhap , Cho is the eldest daughter of Korean Air 's chairman , Cho Yang-ho . He apologized Tuesday for any inconvenience caused to passengers and said the incident would be investigated , the news agency reported . Korean Air also issued an apology on Heather Cho 's behalf , Yonhap reported , in which she asked for forgiveness . "  I will take full responsibility for the incident and step down from my post , " she is quoted as saying . Korean Air apologized for any discomfort to those on the flight and said there had been no safety issues involved . The plane arrived at its destination only 11 minutes behind schedule , according to Yonhap . "  Even though it was not an emergency situation , backing up the plane to order an employee to deplane was an excessive act , " the airline said in a statement . "  We will re-educate all our employees to make sure service within the plane meets high standards . " According to her biography on the website of Nanyang Technological University , Heather Cho joined the airline in 1999 and has since been "  actively involved in establishing a new corporate identity for Korean Air . " She studied at Cornell University and the University of Southern California . CNN 's June-eun in Seoul , Elizabeth Joseph in Hong Kong and Larry Register in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Heather Cho asks for forgiveness , says she takes full responsibility , airline says Korean Air says Cho has resigned from some roles but is keeping VP title Airline says ordering a flight assistant to get off the plane was excessive Cho ordered a plane back to the gate after a flight attendant served nuts in a bag
CNN  -- The National Football League has indefinitely suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick without pay , officials with the league said Friday . NFL star Michael Vick is set to appear in court Monday . A judge will have the final say on a plea deal . Earlier , Vick admitted to participating in a dogfighting ring as part of a plea agreement with federal prosecutors in Virginia . "  Your admitted conduct was not only illegal , but also cruel and reprehensible . Your team , the NFL , and NFL fans have all been hurt by your actions , " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said in a letter to Vick . Goodell said he would review the status of the suspension after the legal proceedings are over . In papers filed Friday with a federal court in Virginia , Vick also admitted that he and two co-conspirators killed dogs that did not fight well . Falcons owner Arthur Blank said Vick 's admissions describe actions that are "  incomprehensible and unacceptable . " The suspension makes "  a strong statement that conduct which tarnishes the good reputation of the NFL will not be tolerated , " he said in a statement . Watch what led to Vick 's suspension " Goodell said the Falcons could "  assert any claims or remedies " to recover $ 22 million of Vick 's signing bonus from the 10-year , $ 130 million contract he signed in 2004 , according to The Associated Press . Vick said he would plead guilty to one count of "  Conspiracy to Travel in Interstate Commerce in Aid of Unlawful Activities and to Sponsor a Dog in an Animal Fighting Venture " in a plea agreement filed at U.S. District Court in Richmond , Virginia . The charge is punishable by up to five years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine , "  full restitution , a special assessment and 3 years of supervised release , " the plea deal said . Federal prosecutors agreed to ask for the low end of the sentencing guidelines . "  The defendant will plead guilty because the defendant is in fact guilty of the charged offense , " the plea agreement said . In an additional summary of facts , signed by Vick and filed with the agreement , Vick admitted buying pit bulls and the property used for training and fighting the dogs , but the statement said he did not bet on the fights or receive any of the money won . "  Most of the ` Bad Newz Kennels ' operations and gambling monies were provided by Vick , " the official summary of facts said . Gambling wins were generally split among co-conspirators Tony Taylor , Quanis Phillips and sometimes Purnell Peace , it continued . "  Vick did not gamble by placing side bets on any of the fights . Vick did not receive any of the proceeds from the purses that were won by ` Bad Newz Kennels . ' " Vick also agreed that "  collective efforts " by him and two others caused the deaths of at least six dogs . Around April , Vick , Peace and Phillips tested some dogs in fighting sessions at Vick 's property in Virginia , the statement said . "  Peace , Phillips and Vick agreed to the killing of approximately 6-8 dogs that did not perform well in ` testing ' sessions at 1915 Moonlight Road and all of those dogs were killed by various methods , including hanging and drowning . "  Vick agrees and stipulates that these dogs all died as a result of the collective efforts of Peace , Phillips and Vick , " the summary said . Peace , 35 , of Virginia Beach , Virginia ; Phillips , 28 , of Atlanta , Georgia ; and Taylor , 34 , of Hampton , Virginia , already have accepted agreements to plead guilty in exchange for reduced sentences . Vick , 27 , is scheduled to appear Monday in court , where he is expected to plead guilty before a judge . See a timeline of the case against Vick " The judge in the case will have the final say over the plea agreement . The federal case against Vick focused on the interstate conspiracy , but Vick 's admission that he was involved in the killing of dogs could lead to local charges , according to CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  It sometimes happens -- not often -- that the state will follow a federal prosecution by charging its own crimes for exactly the same behavior , " Toobin said Friday . "  The risk for Vick is , if he makes admissions in his federal guilty plea , the state of Virginia could say , ` Hey , look , you admitted violating Virginia state law as well . We 're going to introduce that against you and charge you in our court . ' " In the plea deal , Vick agreed to cooperate with investigators and provide all information he may have on any criminal activity and to testify if necessary . Vick also agreed to turn over any documents he has and to submit to polygraph tests . Vick agreed to "  make restitution for the full amount of the costs associated " with the dogs that are being held by the government . "  Such costs may include , but are not limited to , all costs associated with the care of the dogs involved in that case , including if necessary , the long-term care and/or the humane euthanasia of some or all of those animals . " Prosecutors , with the support of animal rights activists , have asked for permission to euthanize the dogs . But the dogs could serve as important evidence in the cases against Vick and his admitted co-conspirators . Judge Henry E. Hudson issued an order Thursday telling the U.S. Marshals Service to "  arrest and seize the defendant property , and use discretion and whatever means appropriate to protect and maintain said defendant property . " Both the judge 's order and Vick 's filing refer to "  approximately " 53 pit bull dogs . After Vick 's indictment last month , Goodell ordered the quarterback not to report to the Falcons training camp , and the league is reviewing the case . Blank told the NFL Network on Monday he could not speculate on Vick 's future as a Falcon , at least not until he had seen "  a statement of facts " in the case . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mike Phelan contributed to this report .	NEW : NFL chief , Atlanta Falcons owner critical of Michael Vick 's conduct NFL suspends Falcons quarterback indefinitely without pay Vick admits funding dogfighting operation but says he did not gamble Vick due in federal court Monday ; future in NFL remains uncertain
CNN  -- The roar of the jubilant crowd assembled in Cairo 's Tahrir Square said it all . Nearly four months ago , longtime Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak finally yielded to political reality and stepped down from power . Mubarak 's fall -- coming on the heels of the ouster of neighboring Tunisia 's Zine El Abidine Ben Ali -- was seen by many as part of a domino effect . The Arab world , it seemed , was finally on the brink of a peaceful democratic transition that had eluded the troubled region for generations . Today , however , the promise of a peaceful Arab Spring appears to be yielding to the reality of a long , violent summer as dictators across the Middle East and North Africa draw a line in the sand and fight to maintain control of their countries . Protesters , meanwhile , are showing no sign of backing down . "  We 've seen the last  Middle East  dictator leave voluntarily , " Michael Rubin , a regional expert at the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative Washington think tank , recently told CNN . See the latest daily developments at CNN 's This Just In U.S. President Barack Obama and other Western leaders will continue to push for peaceful change when possible , Rubin said . But dictators in the region have been spooked by the fate of Mubarak , who is now facing trial and a possible death sentence , and Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi , who is facing an onslaught from armed rebels and NATO air forces . They "  see there is no possibility of a peaceful retirement , " Rubin said . And many of them also "  believe that their country is their personal fight . " While it is possible to identify trends that pertain to the entire region , a number of analysts stress that each country has unique circumstances and challenges that throw the notion of an all-encompassing Arab Spring into question . Libya : No signs of waning In Libya , opposition to Gadhafi has been hampered by the fact that the country 's sense of national identity is "  very weak , " according to Robert Danin , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . Tribal loyalty in the sparsely populated North African country comes first , a fact that has made it extremely tough for Gadhafi 's opponents to present a unified front . Gadhafi 's violent reaction to protesters -- and threats of a massacre in the rebel-held city of Benghazi -- led to the passage of a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing military steps to protect civilians . NATO leaders , who believe the safety of Libyan civilians ca n't be secured without Gadhafi 's ouster , have since embarked on a two-month bombing campaign targeting government forces . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen announced Wednesday that the alliance has decided to extend its mission in the country by 90 days . Gadhafi still refuses to step aside , but has been discussing a possible African Union-brokered cease-fire with South African President Jacob Zuma . Libya 's war has the potential to become a "  protracted and costly stalemate , " Max Boot , another senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , recently told reporters . There 's a "  real danger of chaos " and protracted tribal warfare if Gadhafi falls , Boot said . Al Qaeda may be able to exploit such a situation , he warned . 5 options for the U.S. in Libya Close to 900,000 people have fled Libya since that country 's conflict began in February , according to the United Nations . Egypt : Tension escalates Meanwhile , in nearby Egypt reformers are upset with the pace of change since Mubarak 's fall . "  We 've waited ... and nothing has happened , " Mehdi Ibrahim , 43 , said Friday at a demonstration in Tahrir Square . "  Mubarak and his men have not  yet  been punished for their crimes . We need accountability . " Some protesters on Friday urged the creation of a civil presidential council to replace the military regime now running the country until democratic elections are held in September . Others called for the expeditious return of stolen assets , as well as a generally more open society . Fareed Zakaria : Military threatens Egypt 's revolution Tension continues to exist between some of the more secular , liberal-minded activists and the more conservative Muslim Brotherhood , Mubarak 's primary opposition for years . "  We need rules and regulations to guide us and to protect individual freedoms and the rights of minorities " before the elections , said law student Mohamed Badawi . But Saffa Mohamed , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood , said the September election will be good for the country , even if it benefits more established groups like his or remnants of the once-ruling National Democratic Party at the expense of newer political parties . "  Why wo n't Egyptians just accept the results of the recent referendum ? " he asked . "  The date ... has already been set . " Syrian powder keg To the northeast , Syria 's government stands accused of committing atrocities against its own people . The international watchdog group Human Rights Watch released a report Wednesday alleging that President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has carried out a "  systematic " series of abuses against protesters that could "  qualify as crimes against humanity . " The group 's 57-page document contains details from dozens of victims and witnesses to abuses in Daraa province , the southwestern Syrian powder keg where the unrest engulfing the country began in mid-March before spreading across the country . At present , the report said , there have been around 887 deaths across Syria , including at least 418 people in Daraa . The crackdown in Daraa last month became so intense that eyewitnesses spoke of bodies bloating in the streets and injured people being treated at makeshift secret clinics to avoid detection by government security forces . Human Rights Watch is urging the United Nations to hold al-Assad 's regime accountable . Western leaders have imposed new sanctions against al-Assad and several of his most prominent supporters . For its part , the Syrian protest movement shows no sign of waning . A two and a half minute YouTube video clip showing multiple wounds on the body of a 13-year-old boy from Daraa -- Hamza Ali al-Khateeb -- has prompted international outrage . A Facebook page calling itself "  We are all the martyr , the child Hamza Ali Al-Khateeb " had 60,000 followers by Tuesday . Bahrain : ` Iran 's Kuwait ' The push for democratic reform is also encountering fierce resistance on the strategically critical Arabian Peninsula . The leaders of two key U.S. allies , Bahrain and Yemen , are struggling to maintain control despite slowly mounting international pressure . On Wednesday , Bahrain lifted state of emergency laws in place since March that had allowed the silencing of opposition leaders and journalists . King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa has appealed for dialogue , saying that talks with opposition groups will begin in July . The minority Sunni government , however , continued its crackdown on the country 's major Shiite political opposition movement . Among other things , security forces fired tear gas to disperse pro-reform demonstrators in several Shiite residential areas , according to one human rights activist . A source for the opposition told CNN that "  sporadic sounds of bombs and bird-shot clusters were also heard . " The government also filed charges Wednesday against four top opposition leaders in a move that could weaken the country 's Al Wefaq party , according to two opposition sources . Regional monarchies eye Bahrain unrest Bahrain is set to hold parliamentary elections in September , filling seats vacated by members of Al Wefaq , which left parliament in protest over the crackdown . The question of how hard Western powers -- the United States in particular -- should push for change in Bahrain is complicated by the fact that the tiny Persian Gulf country is home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . Neighboring Saudi Arabia and the United States are both worried that a successful Shiite uprising would transform Bahrain into an Iranian client state . "  Bahrain is Iran 's Kuwait , " Rubin said , referencing former Iraqi strongman Saddam Hussein 's insistence that Kuwait was rightfully an Iraqi province . If Bahrain 's government falls , "  there is no question -- no ifs , ands or buts -- Bahrain would become an Iranian satellite , and the Fifth Fleet would be sent packing , " he predicted . Bahrain is "  pretty much the one country where  Washington  ca n't afford regime change , " he said . Yemen : Possible al Qaeda stronghold ? Finally , nearby Yemen continues to be rocked by escalating clashes between rebels and forces loyal to embattled President Ali Abdullah Saleh . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom on the worsening crisis in Yemen Four missiles struck a compound Wednesday where generals who defected from the Yemeni regime were meeting , according to a spokesman for the generals . Fierce clashes also erupted between government security forces and Hashed tribesmen Wednesday in front of the Ministry of Local Administration in Sanna , eyewitnesses and residents said . The Hashed tribe has opposed government forces in intermittent fighting for more than a month . Fifteen tribesmen have died and 31 have been injured from clashes in the past two days , said Abdul Qawi Qaisi , spokesman for the head of Hashed tribe . Witnesses also reported seeing at least three houses on fire near where the clashes were taking place Wednesday . Saleh , who has ruled his poor , arid country since 1978 , "  does not want peace , " said the spokesman for the head of the Hashed tribe . "  Saleh thrives with blood being spilt . They attacked us and we had to defend . " Government spokesman Tarek Shami said mediation efforts meant to stem the rash of recent violence between the country 's tribal groups and Saleh 's government ended Saturday without a peace accord because Hashed tribesmen would not negotiate . At least 100 people have also been arrested in the city of Taiz , while hundreds more have been injured across the country in recent fighting , according to a U.N. statement released Tuesday . The U.S. Embassy in Sanaa has condemned what it called the "  unprovoked and unjustified attack " on demonstrators in Taiz . It praised the protesters and called on Saleh "  to move immediately " on the president 's previous promise to transfer power . Saleh , however , has been a leading U.S. ally against al Qaeda , which has a Yemen-based branch that has claimed responsibility for two attempted attacks on the United States . America 's main concern regarding Yemen is that the country could become an al Qaeda stronghold if Saleh falls , Rubin said . But U.S. policymakers also "  have to recognize that al Qaeda rose under Saleh , " he said . "  Keeping him in does n't keep al Qaeda out . "	Violence has escalated across the Middle East and North Africa in recent months Dictators across the region are fighting to cling to power , while protesters refuse to back down Each country faces unique circumstances and challenges The U.S. and other Western powers have not pushed as hard for change in certain countries
CNN  -- ABC is calling on a few heroes . After the monster box office success of "  Marvel 's The Avengers " and other superhero movies in the franchise , the network is hoping some of that same magic can translate to the small screen . "  Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , " co-created by "  Avengers " writer/director Joss Whedon -- who also directed the series premiere -- is kicking off a brand new Tuesday night lineup for ABC this fall , a night which used to be anchored by the "  Dancing with the Stars " results show . Clark Gregg is back as S.H.I.E.L.D. 's  Strategic Homeland Intervention , Enforcement and Logistics Division  Agent Coulson -- one of the main links between the various Marvel movies -- who is tasked with leading a new team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents to handle the various strange occurrences that happen once aliens invade and a team of heroes battle them in New York City .  Think "  Men in Black " or "  The X-Files " with superheroes . Of course , Coulson 's return comes as something of a surprise because  SPOILER ALERT  he was killed by Loki in "  The Avengers . " The premiere contains an explaination of how Coulson survived -- at least , the explanation as far as Coulson knows . It 's just the first of what 's sure to be several plot twists to be part of the series , in typical Whedon fashion . While Whedon prepares to direct "  Avengers : Age of Ultron , " he brought in some trusted people to run the show day to day . You might just say he trusts them like family : his brother Jed Whedon and sister-in-law Maurissa Tancharoen  "  Dollhouse , " "  Dr. Horrible 's Sing-Along Blog "  . Jed Whedon , Tancharoen and , separately , Gregg spoke with CNN on the cusp of the show 's premiere . CNN : So how much fun is it to play in the Marvel sandbox ? Tancharoen : We 've always been fans of the Marvel universe , and we 're big fans of the Marvel movies . To be able to play in a universe with such a long history is something we 're very excited about doing . Whedon : You have these really human emotions and predicaments amplified by superhero elements , for us it 's a perfect fit . CNN : It seems like Coulson is darn near immortal now . How surprising was it to learn of his resurrection ? Gregg : He 's like a cockroach ; you ca n't kill him off . When it came to do that "  Avengers " -LSB- death -RSB- scene , it was an emotional day . I had played this part for four movies , and I loved so much what Joss had written for that . I was n't sad , but I found I was really emotional about it . At the end they were saying , "  It 's a comic book , so -LSB- he might come back -RSB- , " but I thought , "  Oh they 're just being nice . Just trying to smooth my path to the next world . " Soon after I thought , "  Well , I guess I need to start dealing with this , do n't I ? " Then I get a call from -LSB- "  Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " executive producers -RSB- Jeph Loeb and Joss . They say "  OK , you might not be so dead . Here 's what we 're thinking ... " It was such a spectacular take on why I might not be dead . And the idea of doing a TV show created by Joss -- who created "  Firefly " and "  Buffy , " which I love -- was exciting to me . CNN : How do you best describe the show ? Whedon : The show takes place within the Marvel cinematic universe , but it 's about being a regular person living in that world . Tancharoen : Our tag line is "  Not all heroes are super . " At its core , it is about being human . That human experience is amplified because these regular people are coming up against extraordinary things . The themes that we 've dealt with on other shows like feeling less than , and wanting to be greater . All those things we can explore and dig in even deeper because of what we come up against from week to week . CNN : What special Whedon touches will we see ? Whedon : One of the things Joss has always done and we like to do -- and a big part of the Marvel brand -- is humor throughout . We think that one of the reasons the films have been successful is humor brings everyone to the table . We love that and we want our characters to be not just interesting , complicated and screwed up -- but funny . Tancharoen : We think that will marry both audiences . Marvel and ABC have distinctly different audiences and we think we can bring those audiences together with humor . CNN : Did you set out to comment humorously on the action as it happens ? Whedon : There 's an expectation with it being a spy show -- and there 's certain superhero movies that take themselves very seriously -- there 's nothing better than being able to subvert that expectation and comment on it . And there 's nothing better to do that than with Clark Gregg , whose delivery is perfect and whose sense of humor is dry and calm as ever . Tancharoen : We have a running joke in the room that we will write the worst lines for him , but he 'll pull it off and sound as classy and cool as he is . CNN : So do you sit back and say , "  Well , I guess I 'm an action star now ? " Gregg : I sit in a hot tub , trying to heal my muscles , saying ` Well I guess I 'm an action star now , ' with an ice pack next to me . It 's really fun . CNN : How do you get along with your team on the show ? Gregg : Joss has a knack for finding amazing actors who are also really joyful and fun to work with . So you think , "  Here come these young guys , let 's see what they 're like , " and if anything , they could n't be more down for whatever . They 're ready to jump in and see what happens . I could n't be more impressed with them . I think the audience will flip for them . CNN : What were you looking for in your cast ? Whedon : We were looking for ugly faces . Tancharoen : We wanted really ugly people . It was n't a conscious thing for us to cast all new faces , honestly . We scoured the globe for these people , literally . The people we cast were the ones who nailed it and won the part basically . Whedon : And brought something we were looking for , as well as things we did n't know we were looking for . CNN : The thing people remember from the trailer the most is Coulson 's vintage car , Lola . Tancharoen : Lola 's gotten so much play ! Whedon : Lola travels with the -LSB- S.H.I.E.L.D. -RSB- plane , so Lola will be in the show . Lola is an old model , so fuel for Lola is very expensive . Gregg : It 's not the only thing Coulson has a passion about that is a relic of super-high-tech covert ops . He 's a bit of a collector that way . CNN : Agent Maria Hill  "  How I Met Your Mother 's " Cobie Smulders  shows up in the pilot . Do you hope to work with other familiar faces from "  The Avengers ? " Gregg : I am hoping to see that . Every time I think "  Boy , as a fan of Marvel , would n't it be cool if they exploited the connection between these two things ? , " they 've done it . I 'd be a little disappointed if some of our friends from the comics and the movies did n't cross-pollinate into the show , and I 've got a feeling Marvel 's not gon na disappoint the fans in that way . Tancharoen : We are very open to the opportunity to bring in familiar faces , but at the same time we want the show to exist on its own . We are in the same universe as all the movies , so being a part of that universe means bringing in people . If they want to come play with us , our door is wide open . Whedon : Samuel L. Jackson has expressed an interest in doing the show , so at some point , we 're gon na call him on it . Tancharoen : And say , "  Hey , do you really wan na do this ? " I think he said he wanted to be like Charlie 's voice in "  Charlie 's Angels . " CNN : Will there be season-long story arcs as we saw on shows like "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " and will they connect to the greater Marvel cinematic universe ? Whedon : We 're in contact with features at all times , and we think our job is to stay out of their way , between the films , and tee up the things they want us to tee up and deal with the fallout . But in terms of our storytelling , we 're gon na have a lot of standalone , episodic stories . Tancharoen : With our mythology woven through . Whedon : We do n't want people to have to have seen every episode to be able to understand what 's happening , but we also to reward those who do watch . CNN : What can we look forward to as the season plays out ? Gregg : There 's more to the story of how Agent Coulson lives than even Agent Coulson knows , and you ca n't walk away from that secret . Tancharoen : It 's definitely a question at the heart of the show that we 'll play out over time , and we hope the journey to the answer will be as satisfying as the answer . Whedon : We want to earn it and spend our time with it , because we feel like there 's a lot of fun to be had there , but we wo n't go so slowly that people ... Tancharoen : ... Pull their hair out and curse our names on the Internet . Whedon : Everyone knows how much time and money goes into a pilot . Tancharoen : If they think the pilot is big ... Whedon : They will not be disappointed in the episodes that follow .	Joss Whedon is co-creator of the "  Marvel 's Avengers " a spinoff TV series Agent Coulson , played by Clark Gregg , leads the new S.H.I.E.L.D. team Executive producers Jed Whedon and Maurissa Tancharoen carry out his vision Gregg says more familiar faces from the big screen and Marvel comics may show up
CNN  -- At least three Tunisian government officials resigned Monday and Tuesday , the country 's official news agency reported , in the wake of the resignation of the prime minister on Sunday . Popular protests in the North African nation led to the resignation of the longtime president in January , prompting a wave of unrest across the Arab world . But the flight from Tunisia of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali did not end the protests there , and Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi quit on Sunday . The minister of higher education and scientific research , Ahmad Ibrahim , and the higher education secretary , Faouzia Farida Charfi , both quit on Tuesday , Tunis Afrique Presse reported . Mohamed Nouri Jouini , the planning and international cooperation minister , resigned on Monday , the agency said . The country 's stock market is due to reopen on Thursday , after shutting down Monday , TAP reported . Tunisia 's interim president tapped Al-Baji Qa'ed Al-Sebsi as the country 's new prime minister Sunday after Ghannouchi resigned , state-run media reported . Ghannouchi told reporters Sunday that he was "  resigning today because I am not willing to be a person that takes decisions that could cause casualties . " Three people were killed during protests in the capital , Tunis , on Saturday . He also questioned "  why a lot of people considered their main target to keep attacking the government , although a lot of its members agreed to join in this critical time . " In addition to the three killed , nine others were injured during the mayhem in Tunis , according to an Interior Ministry statement cited by Tunis Afrique Presse . More than 100 people were arrested in the area around Habib Bourguiba Avenue , in the city 's center , and accused of "  acts of destruction and burning , " the ministry said . Protesters had gathered in the area to demand that the interim government step down and the current parliament be disbanded . Demonstrators also were asking for suspension of the current constitution and the election of an assembly that can write a new one , as well as organize the transition to democracy . Protests in Tunisia erupted late last year . Fed up with corruption , unemployment and escalating prices of food , people began demonstrating en masse after the self-immolation suicide of a fruit cart vendor in December . By January 13 , Ben Ali -- who had ruled Tunisia since 1987 -- had turned executive power over to his prime minister and fled the country . CNN 's Tracy Doueiry and Jack Maddox contributed to this report .	NEW : The stock market is due to reopen Thursday Three top government officials quit Monday and Tuesday , the state news agency reports The prime minister resigned Sunday , after three people died in protests Demonstrations in Tunisia have triggered unrest across the Arab world
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Former Chicago gang member Jose Padilla was found guilty Thursday of supporting Islamic terrorism overseas . Jose Padilla was originally accused of planning a "  dirty bomb " attack in the United States . Co-defendants Adham Hassoun and Kifan Jayyousi were also found guilty of the three counts charged : conspiracy to murder , kidnap , and maim people in a foreign country ; conspiracy to provide material support for terrorists ; and providing material support for terrorists . Padilla was originally arrested on accusations that he planned to set off radioactive "  dirty bombs " in the United States . Thursday 's convictions are not related to those accusations , and prosecutors did not present the "  dirty bomb " plot to the jury . A federal court jury in Miami deliberated for just under two days before handing down the verdict . Jurors declined to speak to the media . "  They 've had enough , " said court clerk Ivan Marchena . Watch latest news of Padilla verdict from CNN 's Susan Candiotti " All three defendants face life in prison when they are sentenced on December 5 . Attorney General Alberto Gonzales -- who is on vacation this week -- issued a statement saying , "  The conviction of Jose Padilla -- an American who provided material support to terrorists and trained for violent jihad -- is a significant victory in our efforts to fight the threat posed by terrorists and their supporters . " Padilla received a "  fair trial and a just verdict , " the White House said in a statement . "  We commend the jury for its work in this trial and thank it for upholding a core American principle of impartial justice for all , " the statement said . Defense attorneys argued at trial that Padilla went overseas only to study Islam . Padilla 's mother , Estela Lebron , told CNN her son will appeal the verdict . "  I 'm not surprised by anything in this place anymore , " she said . "  This is a Republican city . " Lebron blamed President Bush for the outcome of the trial and said there was not enough evidence in the case to convict her son . Attorneys for the other defendants also vowed to appeal , saying they were "  stunned " by the decision . "  An innocent man was wrongly convicted today and we 're going to do what we can to clear his name , " said William Swor , the attorney for Jayyousi . "  We 're all stunned ... because Dr. Jayyousi is innocent , because there was no evidence presented except pieces of conversations spun from another language that have so many different meanings . "  We 're going to fight to get him released , " he added . Padilla attorney Anthony Natale declined to comment on the outcome . The verdict is a "  critical vindication " for the U.S. Department of Justice and its post-9 / 11 strategy for prosecuting terrorism cases , said Kendall Coffey , former U.S. attorney in Miami who comments on legal matters for CNN . "  I think this is huge for DOJ , " he said , "  given the case 's background of controversy and the government 's mixed results in other  terror  trials . " He said the verdict also raises questions about whether military tribunals are necessary . "  Critics of the post-9 / 11 war on terrorism can point to this and say you do n't need military tribunals , you can get the job done with civilian trials , " Coffey said . During the trial , prosecutors played more than 70 intercepted phone calls among the defendants for jurors , including seven that featured Padilla , 36 . He is a Brooklyn-born convert to Islam . FBI agent John Kavanaugh testified that the calls were made in code , which Padilla used to discuss traveling overseas to fight with Islamic militants , along with side trips to Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan . In closing arguments , Padilla 's lawyers argued he never spoke in code . His voice is heard on only seven of 300,000 taped conversations . They also tried to rebut a key piece of prosecution evidence -- an al Qaeda terrorist training camp application or "  mujahedeen data form . " A covert CIA officer -- who testified in disguise at Padilla 's trial -- said he was given the form in Afghanistan , and a fingerprint expert found Padilla 's prints on the form , prosecutors said . "  The al Qaeda application virtually sealed his fate , " said Jonathan Turley , a professor at George Washington University Law School . He compared the document 's value as evidence to "  putting a duffle bag with severed heads on the table . " But Michael Caruso , Padilla 's defense attorney , said the prints on the form were not consistent with someone who filled out the document . "  Jose at some point handled the document , but did not fill out the form , " Caruso said . Just as prosecutors did not present the dirty bomb plot to the jury , neither were jurors told that Padilla was held in a Navy brig for 3 1/2 years without charges before his indictment in the Miami case . Turley said the case was troubling because it appears Padilla was kept in the brig in violation of his rights , for no legitimate reason . "  The evidence changed very little in the 3 1/2 years Padilla was held without charges or access to a lawyer as an ` enemy combatant , ' " he said . Before trial , his lawyers tried to argue that he was no longer mentally competent to stand trial after years of solitary confinement and abuse -- allegations the government strongly denied . Padilla was taken into custody in Chicago as he stepped off a flight from Pakistan in 2002 , and Bush declared him an "  enemy combatant " and had him transferred to military custody . He was never charged as an "  enemy combatant " and was eventually transferred from military to civilian custody where he was finally charged . The Supreme Court ducked the chance to rule on the legality of Padilla 's military detention in 2006 , arguing that the issue was moot after his transfer to civilian custody for the Miami trial . E-mail to a friend	Federal jury convicts U.S.-born Jose Padilla of supporting Islamic terrorism Prints on "  mujahedeen data form " key piece of government evidence Defense says Padilla traveled overseas only to study Islam Padilla originally accused in "  dirty bomb " case that never went to court
Sao Paulo  CNN  -- Protesters burned barricades and police blocked streets as clashes flared in Rio de Janeiro 's beachside neighborhood of Copacabana on Tuesday night . One person was killed . Residents from the Pavao-Pavaozinho favela took to the streets of Copacabana after a young male dancer was found dead , state-run Agencia Brasil said . The residents told Brazilian media they blame the police for the death , accusing authorities of mistaking the dancer for a criminal . The injuries the dancer sustained appear to be consistent with a fall , Rio de Janeiro 's State Security Secretariat said in a Twitter post , adding that his death is still being investigated . The clashes are sure to alarm authorities who are stepping up security ahead of the World Cup , which begins on June 12 . Police , backed by the Army , have stormed dozens of favelas , squeezing out drug gangs , since Rio de Janeiro launched a "  pacification " program in 2008 . They initially focused their efforts on the slums in the hills above the city 's famous beaches , setting up permanent police posts . The Pavao-Pavaozinho slum clings to the hills dividing Copacabana from the elite beach of Ipanema . Rio 's slums the hot World Cup destination ? Protests started , according to Agencia Brasil , because residents believe police caused the death Douglas Rafael da Silva Pareira . His body was found Tuesday morning . According to Brazilian media , shots were heard during the standoff with police on Tuesday evening . Globo TV reported that a resident was killed during the shootouts . Hundreds of people participated in the protest , according to Brazilian media . Shootouts are still relatively common in Rio 's favelas , and clashes with police , even in slums that have already been "  pacified , " have increased in recent months . Earlier this month , Rio requested help from the Brazilian Army . More than 2,000 soldiers and marines moved into the sprawling Complexo da Mare shantytown in the industrial north zone . The occupation will persist until the end of July , two months after the World Cup ends . Rio will host a series of games , including the final match , during the Cup . It will also be the destination of choice for many of the 600,000 foreign fans expected to fly into Brazil for the major sporting event . Poor , middle class unite in Brazil protests	Protesters in Copacabana took to the streets after a dancer was found dead , state media reported Demonstrators told Brazilian media they blame police for the death Security officials say the dancer 's injuries appear consistent with a fall The clashes come as authorities step up security before the World Cup
CNN  Idaho wildlife officials have retrieved 2,000 dead snow geese that fell from the sky this week . The birds , whose carcasses were collected over the weekend , appear to have died of avian cholera , the Idaho Department of Fish and Game said Tuesday . "  The migratory birds were on the return leg of their migration from the southwestern United States and Mexico to their breeding grounds on the northern coast of Alaska , " said Steve Schmidt , a regional supervisor . They died near Dubois , Terreton and Roberts -- all in the eastern part of the state . It 's unclear where the geese picked the bacteria from , but authorities are scrambling to ensure that other birds do n't feed on the carcasses and spread the disease . "  The important thing is to quickly collect as many of the carcasses as possible , to prevent other birds from feeding on the infected birds , " Schmidt said . "  Biologists observed about 20 eagles in the vicinity of some of the carcasses . Because of a delayed incubation period it is uncertain where these eagles might be located , if and when the avian cholera affects them . " Though the official lab results are not out , officials said the cause of death points to avian cholera . Humans are not considered at high risk of getting the disease , according to U.S. health officials .	The birds were on the return leg of their migration from the U.S. and Mexico Wildlife officials say they appear to have died of avian cholera
CNN  -- A small plane went down short of an airport in rural Alabama , killing a couple and five of their children , authorities said . "  It 's going to take a long time  to investigate  since the wreckage is so deep in the woods , " Nick Worrell of the National Transportation Safety Board said Sunday night . The NTSB and the Federal Aviation Administration are looking into the deadly crash , which occurred Saturday evening near Demopolis , Alabama . According to preliminary information , the Cessna C421 was flying from St. Louis to Destin , Florida , when it lost its right engine , said the FAA 's Kathleen Bergen . The plane was diverted to Demopolis Municipal Airport but crashed about two miles short of the runway , Bergen said . Seven people were on board the plane , according to Bergen . All seven died . Marengo County Coroner Stuart Eatmon told CNN the father was the pilot . The wife and at least five children perished in the crash , he said . The bodies were burned "  beyond recognition , " he said . Eatmon said it took hours for officials to remove the victims from the plane . The wreckage was discovered around 2 a.m. Sunday , but rescue workers could not remove the bodies for about 12 hours because they had to wait for the plane to cool down . Officials had to use an infrared camera to locate the bodies , he said . Authorities are waiting to release the names of the victims until family members have been notified . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report	NEW : NTSB : The investigation will take a "  long time " due to the location of the wreck A small plane experienced engine trouble near Demopolis , Alabama FAA official : All seven family members on board died The Cessna aircraft crashed about 2 miles short of a runway
Washington  CNN  -- Ted Cruz says he was n't elected to the Senate to stay quiet . And his refusal upon entering Congress to observe its protocol to sit back and learn like a freshman , as expected , rubbed some of his more senior colleagues the wrong way . And while he has angered much of his party over his crusade against President Barack Obama 's health care law and the government shutdown it could cause , Cruz says he 's standing for the same principles that got him elected . On Tuesday , he took that edict to the Senate floor in support of his plan to defund Obamacare , saying he would speak "  until I am no longer able to stand . " And on Wednesday morning , he was still talking . As the hours dragged on , Cruz addressed his daughters , apologized for not being home to read them a book , and read to them from the Senate floor . After reading Dr. Seuss ' "  Green Eggs and Ham , " he said it was applicable to Obamacare . "  President Obama and Senate Democrats told the American people just try Obamacare . Just try it , " he said . Cruz will have to stop talking soon . His marathon appearance is not an official filibuster . It will not do anything to block Obamacare funding because a key procedural vote on the issue was already scheduled for Wednesday . His efforts will have to awkwardly come to an end when the vote he is fighting against is called . A senator -- usually a freshman is tasked with the duty -- always has to be presiding over the Senate during session . And a displeased Sen. Chris Murphy , D-Connecticut , tweeted his annoyance after walking into the Senate chamber for his midnight two-hour shift . "  Walking into Capitol to take 11-1 shift presiding over the Senate for this pointless fairy tale non-filibuster , " he tweeted . Critics are questioning Cruz 's motives : Is this about his principles or about presidential aspirations ? CNN political analyst Gloria Borger said his Republican detractors think Cruz is putting his political career above all else . "  While many others have , no doubt , come to the Senate in the past as a springboard to the presidency , it 's hard to recall someone who has created as much controversy within his own party , " she said . Cruz has been in Washington for less than a year , but his short stint has been an effective lesson in partisan politics . Only history will tell , however , if his tactics will be worth repeating . The Texas Republican 's counterparts in the House of Representatives have tried 42 times to roll back Obamacare , but their efforts have gone nowhere in the Democratic-controlled Senate . Cruz has upped the ante . His latest battle to disrupt Obamacare is tied to funding the government in the new fiscal year that starts on October 1 . The House passed the measure last week . But Senate Democrats are not about to allow the health care bill to be unraveled , therefore putting at risk a government shutdown . Cruz 's refusal to give up the fight has rankled many of his fellow Republicans , widening divisions in a splintered party . Democrats , meanwhile , are sitting back and watching the intraparty fight . Who is this guy ? His effectiveness at political debate has landed Cruz in many successful places . He was elected to the Senate in 2012 , after rebuking the Republican establishment and winning the Republican primary , paving the way to a general election victory . Previously , he was the youngest solicitor general of Texas and has argued multiple cases before the Supreme Court . He got his start at Princeton as head of the debate team and then honed his skill at Harvard Law School . What 's his fight ? Cruz did not take his Senate responsibilities lightly . As a freshman , he refused to stand on the sidelines until he gained a measure of seniority , a common tradition in Washington . Instead , he was loud and opinionated . "  I find it amusing that those in Washington are puzzled when someone actually does what they said they would do , " Cruz told CNN in February . "  At the end of the day , I was elected to represent 26 million Texans and to speak the truth . You know , I think a lot of Americans are tired of politicians in Washington in both parties who play games . Cruz was elected , promising to shrink government , especially the new health care law . That battle has been embraced by most Republicans in Congress , but his latest tactic has frustrated many . Political novice ? New York Rep. Peter King has been an outspoken critic of Cruz 's latest crusade â $ " at one point calling him a "  fraud . " "  Whether it 's Custer , whether it 's kamikaze , or whether it 's Gallipoli or whatever , we are going to lose this , " the New York Republican said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " last week . And Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee tweeted that he "  did n't go to Harvard or Princeton " but that he "  can count " that Democrats outnumber Republicans in the Senate . But Cruz said to let his critics talk . "  If you get outside of Washington , D.C. , there is a frustration with Washington that is palpable . When you ask your constituents what are the problems you 're facing , over and over again , the answer that comes back is Obamacare is killing jobs , is taking away my health insurance , is driving up my premiums , is causing small businesses to shrink , to go out of business . If we listen to the American people , that should be our priorities , " he told CNN this week . Still , Republicans are frustrated by his insistence on fighting a divisive , losing battle . ` Do n't break filibuster ' "  We are giving Obama the escape out , " Republican strategist Ana Navarro said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  Instead of now focusing on the problems with Obamacare , everybody 's focused on the civil war in the Republican Party . " Navarro also noted the numerous polls , including CNN 's latest poll , that said while citizens are concerned about Obamacare , they do n't support shutting down the government over it . "  If you want to fix Obamacare or repeal it or fix it or change it , the best way to do it is to elect more Republicans . And the political cost of a government shutdown is really going to affect any -- any possibility of electing more Republicans , " Navarro added . Or political genius ? While Cruz is ruffling the feathers of his colleagues in Washington , he is mobilizing the grass roots outside the Beltway . Conservative groups are praising him . "  Senator Cruz came to Washington to advance conservative policies , not play by the same old rules that have relegated conservatives , and their ideas , to the back bench , " Michael Needham , president of Heritage Action , recently said about Cruz . His group helps activate grass-roots Republicans for conservative candidates and political causes . And Republican candidates running against Republican incumbents in the primaries are using Cruz 's crusade in their races . Matt Bevin , who is running for Senate to replace top Senate Republican Mitch McConnell , said in a statement that he would support "  conservatives like Sen. Ted Cruz in his fight to defund Obamacare . " Obamacare : Can it be stopped ? Bevin bashed McConnell for coming out against Cruz 's effort to shut down the government in order to stop Obamacare . Like so many other crucial fights , Mitch McConnell has caved to  Senate Majority Leader  Harry Reid on Obamacare and is refusing to fight to defund this disastrous legislation . " And longtime Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming came out in support of Cruz . He is facing Liz Cheney , the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney , in a contentious primary . Will Cruz be scarred or be a star ? Cruz could alienate his colleagues to a point where he becomes marginalized and completely ineffective in Washington . He has also hinted at a possible presidential run in 2016 . If he has no Republican Party support , he risks being cut off from its financing and other resources . On the other hand , Cruz 's principled stand could help to grow a movement of disenchanted conservative voters . If a groundswell of conservative grass-roots activists grows between now and 2016 -- and their financial support grows , too -- Cruz could have carved out a path to the Republican nomination . "  I think what Senator Cruz understands is that he has more to gain from adhering to his principles , staying in touch with the grass roots here and around the country , than he does being friends with other senators , " said Brendan Steinhauser , a leading Texas tea party activist who worked to get Cruz elected . Cruz calls for backup plan	Ted Cruz does n't follow Senate rules , irritating traditionalists on both sides of the aisle Unapologetic , Cruz says he was elected to do a job that includes shrinking government Cruz ups ante in battle to derail Obamacare , but will he chart new course or stumble ? Latest crusade that threatens shutdown frustrates many , including some in his own party
CNN  Some members of the U.S. Congress may be resisting proposed new sanctions on Iran , but their opposition does n't seem likely to stop Congress passing legislation on Tehran 's nuclear program by the end of March . As one of the negotiators who sat across the table from the Iranians for the past 15 months , though , I can assure you that legislation at this juncture risks undermining a deal that is clearly in the interest of all parties . Fortunately , there now seems to be broad consensus that introducing more sanctions with immediate effect would simply play into the hands of Iranian hard-liners . With that in mind , ideas for moving legislation have turned to focus on two concepts : establishing a "  trigger " for new sanctions , linked either to an arbitrary future date or a collapse in the talks , and defining what would constitute a good deal and requiring an "  up or down " vote on it . But as attractive as these concepts might appear , movement of such legislation still risks sparking an escalatory cycle that the talks neither need nor can handle . Indeed , Iran 's parliament has already demonstrated the risk of raising the stakes now . In a step that directly mirrors the Senate Banking Committee 's decision on January 29 to bring to the Senate floor a "  trigger " sanctions bill , Iranian lawmakers moved forward a bill of their own that would require the termination of all compliance with the Joint Plan of Action , or JPOA , if new U.S. sanctions were approved or imposed . Should talks collapse , there is common understanding that the JPOA would fall apart and the status quo approach would return . But , through their separate actions , legislators on both sides guarantee it . To justify such a risk , proponents of new U.S. legislation often suggest that there are doubts internationally that sanctions will be expanded significantly should talks fail . However , there is scant evidence to support this supposition and much to suggest otherwise . For a start , sanctions enforcement has continued apace during the JPOA , which was originally agreed in November 2013 . Nearly o100 entities and individuals have been sanctioned , and there are daily efforts by U.S. personnel to investigate cases and work with foreign partners on enforcement . Second , although businesses are showing new interest in Iran , no new commercial deals have emerged . I have discussed this issue with companies and banks , and they have relayed that they are waiting to see whether a final deal can be reached before plunging back into Iran because it was expensive and complicated to get out in the first place , and because many underlying risks remain present . The fact is that they wo n't go back until they know how the talks will turn out . Other critics focus on the quality of the deal being negotiated and want Congress to have a say . And as a negotiator , I spent almost as much time with members of Congress over the past 15 months as I did with Iranians and the P5 +1 . As a result , I was acutely aware of congressional views and ensured that they directly affected the policy options we pursued in the talks . Congressional concerns were raised at the negotiating table not only by U.S. negotiators , but by fellow members of the P5 +1 , and even by the Iranians . Congress is very much present in these negotiations . It is also important to remember that the disadvantages of defining a deal explicitly in law outweigh the theoretical negotiating advantages . If the point is to prevent a bad deal from being implemented by the United States , then Congress has less provocative ways to do so while talks are ongoing , including by refusing to fund the implementation of such a deal once reached . If the point is to create red lines for the Iranian negotiators , then Congress will have the opposite of its desired effect : defining a "  good deal " in detail forces Iranian negotiators to cross our red lines to maintain their revolutionary credentials and sell a deal at home . Indeed , I have seen first-hand how Iran tends to reject any P5 +1 idea that is leaked , because , if accepted , then Iran would be forced to admit a concession . Negotiating in private , with U.S. and Iranian requirements neutrally described in public , avoids this morass . All this suggests that the push for legislation now hinges on the claim that U.S. strength needs to be reasserted . This is staggering to me . If nothing else , our sanctions efforts against Iran -- of which I was a leading architect since 2006 -- demonstrate the strength and reach of U.S. power , if judiciously applied . The Iranian government will have to make real concessions to correct the damage sanctions have done to its economy -- it is not the United States that needs to shore up its position and we should act accordingly . Ironically , the one thing that could imperil our leadership abroad would be to undermine the talks at home . And legislation can have other negative effects : a slightly noticed part of the Iranian bill would require all sanctions to be terminated before a comprehensive arrangement could be implemented . If this became law , then Iranian negotiators would be powerless to allow the phased reduction of sanctions in response to Iran taking specific nuclear steps , a key element of the P5 +1 approach . Ultimately , there is a role for Congress to play , but lawmakers should fulfill their oversight role without being unnecessarily prescriptive and , having set expectations for negotiators already , should leave the exact contours of a deal to our scientists , experts and diplomats . Congress should not harm its own cause by legislating on Iran now .	Congress has been discussing whether to impose more sanctions on Iran Richard Nephew : Movement of such legislation still risks sparking escalatory cycle
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Thousands of people determined "  to exercise their Second Amendment rights , " attended a gun show Saturday in Tucson , Arizona , one week after a well-armed gunman opened fire at a local shopping center , the show 's president said . The mood at the show was somber , said Bob Templeton of Crossroads of the West Gun Shows . But the two-day event is expected to draw up to nearly 7,000 patrons , rather than the customary 5,000 , Templeton said . Attendees waited up to 20 minutes to buy tickets Saturday morning , he said . "  We had a moment of silence here at the show , " Templeton said , referring to the deaths of six people and the wounding of 13 others , including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , after last Saturday 's shooting . Donations were being taken at the show to assist victims and families . Jared Lee Loughner , 22 , allegedly carried a knapsack to the shopping center , according to a law enforcement official familiar with the investigation . He had a semi-automatic handgun , four ammunition magazines and a knife , according to the official . Loughner is accused of bringing a Glock handgun to the Giffords event and opening fire . Some critics have questioned whether the gun show was appropriate so soon after the shootings . Templeton knows there will be a renewed debate on gun control . "  It 's going to be a long dialogue on gun control and gun rights , and it will be hard to strike a balance between those two positions , " he said . "  Responsible firearm ownership means if you are going to have a gun , you should be trained to use it in a responsible way . " Bill Schaeffler of Tucson , among those at the show Saturday , said he knows gun control and high-capacity ammunition magazines will be hot topics . Still , he said , people want to protect themselves . "  There will be more guns owned in this state at the end of this month than at the beginning of the month , " he told CNN . A member of gun-rights lobbying group said he would probably vote for Giffords if she returns to Congress . "  You just have to admire somebody ... who has that kind of perseverance , " said Charles Heller , secretary of the Arizona Citizens Defense League . Heller argued that a well-armed society is a safer society . "  Being armed is the natural state of man , " he said . Federal law enforcement officials were on site to monitor buyers and sales activity , Templeton said . "  They routinely watch gun shows near the border area to try and curb the flow of guns into Mexico . " Templeton told CNN affiliate KGUN the massacre had nothing to do with lawful gun ownership . "  It was about a madman who had an agenda and who committed unspeakable acts of mayhem and violence , " he said .	Gun show held in Tucson , Arizona , one week after massacre Organizer said killings had nothing to do with gun ownership Attendance expected to be higher than most years
In minutes , the world 's most-watched new father sent a message about millions of dads . Stepping outside the hospital with his wife , Catherine , and their newborn son , Prince William was a picture of confidence . Each parent held the baby , now known to the world as George Alexander Louis -- and they looked equally comfortable doing so . He got his newborn all set in the car seat , and drove off . Analysts noted that he was projecting an image of equality . To many dads , he was representing the reality that we know : The image of bumbling , clueless dads is an outdated stereotype . Of course , that does n't mean we think we 're picture-perfect -- a point that came up when CNN recently asked dads what it means to be a father in today 's world . Some decided to use the iReport assignment as a chance to open up about their insecurities . "  Although I know that the intent of this report is to stand up proudly and say , ' ... I 'm a dad and I 'm damn good at it , ' the truth is I do n't feel that way half the time , " stay-at-home dad Chase Roper wrote from Puyallup , Washington . "  Most days , if I 'm being honest , I feel like I 'm faking my way through this . " That 's how just about all parents feel sometimes : overwhelmed . Yes , that includes , I 'm sure , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , even in the life they lead . "  I am far from perfect in my role as a father , " writes Lance Somerfeld , who has been a stay-at-home dad in Manhattan for five years and founded the NYC Dads Group . "  I lose my temper , get impatient , too structured , do n't do the laundry , and fail miserably , often . It 's the most challenging job I have ever encountered as well as the most rewarding . " We were looking for dads ' thoughts on the 30-year anniversary of "  Mr. Mom " -- a movie that made sense at the time , when a dad taking on traditionally female roles at home was so rare . And when it was more believable that he would have so much trouble figuring out how to do basics around the house . Little did those behind the film know that it would ultimately stand as something of a historical demarcation . The funniest thing about the idea of "  Mr. Mom " now is that it was such a funny idea in the first place . Modern fathers face new expectations Statistics tell a piece of the story . There are about 189,000 stay-at-home dads now , caring for 369,000 children , according to the U.S. Census . These are defined as married fathers with kids younger than 15 who have stayed out of the labor force for at least a year primarily to care for the family . A more striking figure : 18 % of preschoolers are regularly cared for by their fathers during the mother 's working hours . As these numbers keep growing , the perception that child-rearing and homemaking are "  women 's work " that dads sometimes do becomes increasingly anachronistic . "  1983 was Mr. Mom 's Year . It 's 2013 . Just call me dad , " Chris Bernholdt , stay-at-home father in Devon , Pennsylvania , writes on his blog , "  DadNCharge . " The National At-Home Dad Network , which provides support and advocacy to its members , has even launched a campaign to banish the term , citing a Wall Street Journal declaration : "  Mr. Mom is dead . " Many people who use the term certainly mean no harm . But for some dads , getting past the term is an important way to end the mindset that suggests their work at home is any less "  manly " than bringing home a paycheck . "  I was called ` Mr. Mom ' by a random guy at my wife 's hair salon , " says Joseph Carlson , full-time dad of a 14-month-old boy in San Diego . "  He said , ` You ca n't play Mr. Mom too long . ' I was pretty stunned . " And a female relative asked Carlson , "  When are you going to get a job ? You ca n't stay home forever . " "  She said ` Mr. Mom ' without saying ` Mr. Mom , ' " Carlson says . "  I just let the comments go . I know I 'm not going to change any person 's worldview with a 30-minute debate . " Those of us who work full-time but are more committed to our kids than to our jobs are just as quick to reject the stereotypes of bumbling , clueless fathers in commercials , TV shows , or online . That 's partly because negative portrayals of dads can cause problems -- like affecting how the judicial system views fathers ' parental capabilities . We also speak out to share ideas and advice -- because modern dads understand each other . We know what it is to be fathers in changing times , facing challenges and pressures , and committed to keeping parenthood our top priority . There 's a kind of communal celebration going on . On blogs and at conferences , dads are sharing with each other how awesome it is to live in a time that 's so far beyond "  Mr. Mom . " We know we 're part of something special : A generation that 's helping turn American fatherhood into something more emotional and deeper -- something I referred to in a TEDx Talk as a part of the ultimate dream . But saying a loud , vociferous "  no " to "  Mr. Mom " does n't mean claiming the mantle of Superdad . It just means we 're trying to do our best . Just like good moms across the country . American dads have come a long way in 30 years . And we 're not alone , as Prince William showed . Just imagine what 's ahead . Chris Bernholdt 's son was asked in kindergarten what he wants to be when he grows up . His answer : "  A stay-at-home dad . " Got a parenting story to share ? Post your personal essays here .	"  Mr. Mom " was made 30 years ago , and created the archetypical stay-at-home dad Modern fathers are rejecting the "  Mr. Mom " label as outmoded Surveys show fathers doing more and more primary child care tasks at home Stay-at-home fathers say they are simply doing their duty , not shooting for perfection
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- The Chihuahua attorney general 's office said Friday it is investigating whether the car in which two photojournalists were shot Thursday in northern Mexico belonged to a human-rights activist who may have been the intended target . A photographer for El Diario newspaper in Ciudad Juarez was gunned down Thursday , the paper said on its website . A second photographer was wounded in the shooting . Luis Carlos Santiago , 21 , was declared dead at the scene . He and his 18-year-old co-worker , Carlos Manuel Sanchez , were inside a silver Nissan sedan in the parking lot of a shopping mall , the newspaper said . Santiago was in the driver 's seat . Unidentified gunmen followed the pair to the Rio Grande Mall , near the newspaper 's offices , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . At 2:20 p.m. , the gunmen -- who were in a compact gray car -- opened fire , killing Santiago , the newspaper said , citing witnesses . Despite having been struck in the chest and arm , Sanchez got out of the car and entered the mall , the newspaper said . The gunmen continued firing , without striking him again , then left , it reported . The wounded journalist was taken to a hospital in stable condition , the official said . The journalists were using a car that belongs to an attorney and human-rights activist , Gustavo de la Rosa , who lives in the United States , said Arturo Sandoval , a spokesman for the Chihuahua attorney general . Officials were investigating whether the elder de la Rosa was the intended target , he said . De la Rosa 's son , an editor at the newspaper , had loaned the car to the two photojournalists to use to drive to the mall , where they were planning to attend a photography class taught by a newspaper staff member , El Diario reported . Ciudad Juarez is one of the deadliest cities in Mexico , with 2,185 killings since January 1 and the country is one of the most dangerous for journalists . Much of the violence stems from turf wars between rival cartels and battles between the cartels and the Mexican authorities . The source said it was not clear whether Thursday 's killing was related to drug violence . The gunmen used 9mm handguns , the official said . The newspaper reported Friday that witnesses cited at least two gunmen . Santiago is the ninth journalist killed in Mexico this year , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . Drug cartels pressure journalists and editors in Mexico to avoid reporting on them and to print unflattering stories about rival drug cartels . The result has been increasing self-censorship from many media outlets throughout the country . Press freedom organizations say Mexico does not do enough to investigate the killing of journalists . A recent CPJ report found "  systemic failures that , if left unaddressed , will further erode freedom of expression and the rule of law . Vital national and international interests are at stake . " CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this story .	1 journalist killed , 1 wounded in Juarez A human-rights activist may have been the target Santiago is the ninth journalist killed this year in Mexico
CNN  -- E-books are n't just becoming increasingly popular . They also appear to be promoting reading habits among American adults . So says new research from the Pew Internet and American Life Project , which states that about one-fifth of U.S. adults have read an e-book in the past year . And if you expand that to include Americans over 16 who have used an e-reader device or app to read news articles or magazine-style features , the figure jumps to 43 % . E-book users tend to read more often than people who read only print material , Pew found . In particular , they read more books . A typical e-book user read 24 books in the past year , compared with the 15 books reported by typical non-e-book users . Also , a third of people who read e-content say they now spend more time reading than they did before e-books . This is especially true for people who own tablets and e-book readers . This might be good for the economy . According to Pew , e-book users are "  also more likely than others to have bought their most recent book , rather than borrowed it , and they are more likely than others to say they prefer to purchase books in general . " E-readers and tablets  including Amazon 's Kindle Fire e-reader , which is a modified Android tablet  were a popular holiday gift item last year . Currently 28 % of Americans age 18 and older own at least one tablet or an e-book reader . And that 's not even counting the people who read books on a smartphone or iPod Touch app . Then again , Pew also noted that e-book users often start searching for books online -- which is n't great news for people who run brick-and-mortar bookstores . For now , print reading material still rules the consumer market , however . Pew found that nearly three-fourths of U.S. adults read a printed book in 2011 , and 11 % listened to an audiobook . Print books are especially popular when people read to children . Print books are also the most popular choice when people want to borrow or lend a book . That 's not surprising -- recently author Dave Taylor explained step-by-step how to borrow a Kindle book from a public library . It 's not too difficult , but is still considerably more complicated than walking into the library and pulling a book off the shelf . The survey also found that just slightly more people prefer e-books over print for reading in bed . On the flip side , Pew noted that nearly 20 % of U.S. adults said they had not read a single book in the past year . In general , people who do n't own electronic reading devices are more likely not to read much at all . In addition , nearly 20 % of Americans 16 and older said they had "  physical or health conditions that made reading difficult or challenging . " Most of these people are older  25 % of those over age 50  , unemployed or low-income . But an interesting aspect of e-book and audiobook technology is its potential to improve the accessibility of written content . Most e-reading devices allow the reader to adjust the font , font size , contrast , column width , and other factors to compensate for impaired vision . Plus , they often include text-to-speech technology that can read books or articles aloud -- maybe not with thrilling delivery , but still a useful option . This can also be helpful to people with limited literacy . The cost of e-reading devices keeps dropping , and it 's likely that in the next year or two companies like Amazon may be giving away basic e-readers for free  on the principle that you can make more money selling "  blades " than "  razors "  . As the price of e-readers approaches zero , it opens up more opportunities for people who have been left on the wrong side of the digital divide to access the same wealth of information , entertainment and education as people with normal vision and average-or-better income . Since the invention of writing , the written word has always disrupted the balance of power in societies . While e-books might have started out as a high-tech novelty for early adopters , they may ultimately prove to be a great equalizer across boundaries of ability , resources and education . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	E-book users tend to read more often than people who read only print material , a survey finds A third of people who read e-content say they now spend more time reading than before Currently 28 % of Americans age 18 and older own at least one tablet or e-reader
CNN  -- Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger asked a federal judge Friday to allow same-sex marriages while an appeal over the struck-down law that banned them makes its way through the courts . Schwarzenegger and Attorney General Jerry Brown filed briefs two days after Chief U.S District Judge Vaughn Walker ruled California 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage , known as Proposition 8 , violated the constitutional rights of same-sex couples . In his Wednesday ruling , Walker also issued a temporary stay , which stopped his decision from taking effect . If he lifts his stay , officials in California could immediately be allowed to perform same-sex marriages again . They were able to do so , briefly , before the Proposition 8 ban passed in 2008 . "  The Administration believes the public interest is best served by permitting the Court 's judgment to go into effect , thereby restoring the right of same-sex couples to marry in California , " read the brief from Schwarzenegger . "  Doing so is consistent with California 's long history of treating all people and their relationships with equal dignity and respect . " Supporters of Proposition 8 argued , prior to Walker 's ruling , that same-sex marriages would be performed soon after he issued his opinion and could be complicated by rulings and appeals down the road . They asked the judge to stay his decision pending appeal . The case goes next to the 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , and both sides say it is sure to wind up in the U.S. Supreme Court . Walker could issue his decision on the stay as early as next week . Brown , a Democrat who is running to replace Schwarzenegger , also weighed in on the controversial case . "  As this Court has concluded that Proposition 8 is unconstitutional , the public interest weighs against its continued enforcement , " read the brief from Brown . Brown 's opponent in the governor 's race , Meg Whitman , told reporters before Walker 's ruling she is against same-sex marriage but favors civil unions , according to the Associated Press . The news agency reported Whitman , a Presbyterian , has explained her vote for Proposition 8 as one of "  faith and conscience . " "  I believe marriage should be between a man and a woman , " the AP reported Whitman said at a campaign stop in East Los Angeles . Proposition 8 is part of a long line of seesaw rulings , court cases , debates and protests over same-sex marriage . It passed in California with some 52 percent of the vote in November 2008 . Same-sex marriage is currently legal in five U.S. states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont , Iowa and New Hampshire -- and in the District of Columbia , while civil unions are permitted in New Jersey .	Governor and attorney general say enforcement of Proposition 8 is not in the public interest Defendants in the case have asked for a stay pending appeal The judge could make his decision as early as next week If he lifts the stay , California could start issuing same-sex marriage licenses immediately
CNN  -- Less than a week after the United Nations declared an end to the famine in Somalia , a new report from the world body says millions of people in South Sudan will now face hunger if urgent action is not taken . The report released Wednesday by the Food and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations  FAO  and the World Food Program  WFP  says that fighting in the northern border region and ethnic clashes in many other parts of South Sudan has created a level of food insecurity that could nearly double in the next year . "  Poor harvests , increased demand , rapidly rising prices , displacement and a large number of returnees have all contributed to the situation , " the report says . "  The situation is dire , " said Chris Nikoi , WFP 's country director in South Sudan . "  This is a rapidly approaching crisis that the world can not afford to ignore . " Under a normal functioning market , food insecurity and increased demand might have been addressed , the report says , but border closures that link the newly independent South Sudan to Sudan have disrupted the usual supply of food commodities to South Sudan 's markets . The fighting along the disputed border regions and ethnic clashes over cattle in multiple South Sudanese states is responsible for the displacement of tens of thousands in the country . The U.N. reported that more than 120,000 people might have been affected in South Sudan 's Jonglei state after clashes between the Murle and Lou Nuer tribes have killed hundreds , possibly thousands . Sudan and South Sudan will also be entering another round of talks this week to settle a bitter dispute over oil that seems to be edging the two countries toward more conflict . The WFP says it is scaling up operations to reach the millions of people at risk , but is trying to meet its goal of $ 160 million in donor support . The FAO is hoping for $ 23 million in donor support .	Millions could face food shortages and hunger in South Sudan , the U.N. says Food supply routes into South Sudan have been blocked , the report says South Sudan became independent from Sudan last year
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A long way from the big-spending , flag-waving spectacle of competing U.S. presidential campaigns , a momentous leadership change is quietly unfolding in the world 's second largest economy . In November , thousands of specially chosen members of China 's Communist Party will converge on Beijing for the 18th National Congress . There , they 'll announce who 'll fill the soon-to-be-vacant roles of president , vice president , premier and assorted chiefs of important government departments . Ahead of the congress , CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout sat down with three prominent China watchers -- Victor Gao , Hung Huang and John Pomfret -- to discuss the leadership change and their views on the fate of the country and its ruling Communist Party . We preview some of the key issues in the discussion . On China : Full show times Lu Stout : There seems to be factions at the top , or a lot of discussions about factions at the top , of the Communist Party . You have the Jiang Zemin faction , the Hu Jintao faction . Is that overstated or is this the reality ? Gao : Many people from outside China tend to look at the Communist Party of China as a monolithic group of people . But in reality , it is not . First of all , personalities do matter . Secondly , these so-called political camps do exist . You have these people in higher positions , which belong to different traditions . You have different mentors , you have different associations . So this is what we call intra-party democracy in China . Hung : I think its true there is diversity within the Party , but it is not the Party 's intention to make it transparent to people who are not in the Party or to anyone who is not part of the very political elite . If there is conflict , the first reaction of the Party tends to be "  close the doors , shut it off , do n't let the public see it . " So that 's why its public image seems to be secretive , and a bit closed off and monolithic , but there is dissension within the party for sure . Pomfret : So much of this stuff is based on guess work , because of the lack of transparency about the internal functions of China . But you 'll see it ; these struggles manifest themselves in policy statements . And that 's done actually relatively publicly . Do you live in China ? Share your stories of daily life with CNN Lu Stout : So your thoughts on presumptive leader Xi Jinping -- a so-called princeling , or son of a revolutionary leader . How was he able to rise to the top ? And how will he fare as China 's next president ? Gao : He had a very unique career path  with  experience in four provinces and cities -- Hebei , Fujian , Zhejiang , and Shanghai -- in addition to his very unique and extraordinary experience at the Central Military Commission . In addition to that , when he was in a civilian position , Xi kept his associations with the Chinese military through various ways : serving in the reserve forces , taking up leadership of the provincial garrison , for example . So that sets him apart from almost all the current civilian leaders in China . Hung : I think him having the pedigree is actually a plus ; that gives him a lot more leeway in terms of bringing about changes . But nobody knows whether he sees it that way or whether he will take the step , and whether politics will allow him to do it . I mean , there are just too many things in the balance . But what he 's stepping into is a historical period , which actually make changes possible . Pomfret : Clearly he has a strong personality , much stronger than the previous leadership . How he uses that personality to his benefit or to China 's benefit , I think it 's an open question . Read more : China 's next leaders -- Who 's who Lu Stout : What do Chinese -- especially young Chinese -- want ? Is it freedom , democracy , political reform , or apartment , car and economic stability ? Hung : I think they want both ... . They do expect change for the better , more liberal , better reforms in the political system . But they are not basically saying we have to have certain elements that are modeled after a particular Western government . Lu Stout : So there is this expectation for change ... What does that mean for the Communist Party of China ? Will it stay in power ? What is its fate ? Gao : I think that the Communist Party of China will remain the ruling party for many years , if not for many decades , to come . However , that does n't mean that there will be no increasing amount of democracy or democratic participation . I think participation in the government , monitoring of the government , supervision of the Communist Party by other democratic parties and by the population in general will increase . It may not be the same as in the United States or in Britain or in European countries etc. , it will be very much of Chinese characteristic , and that will set China apart from other developed countries for decades to come . Hung : I think the Chinese Communist Party will also continue to be the ruling party , but I think it needs to hear the people , and hear what they are saying , what they need and meet some of their demands , in order to do that . Pomfret : I generally agree , but I also think that from 1949 when China had its revolution until today , the Communist Party has actually been the main source of instability in China , and that when the party changes direction it causes enormous suffering in this country . So if we see significant fractures in that top echelon  of the Party  , I think all bets are off . If they do not remain united , they 're going to sink together . If they are united in terms of pushing China forward and listening to the increasing demands of their people , or some type of political opening , they will be in charge for decades to come .	"  On China " panelists discuss China 's upcoming leadership transition Three China experts give their views on Party factionalism and presumptive leader Xi Jinping China 's Communist Party due to meet in early November to announce new leadership "  On China " is a new monthly show hosted by CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout
PARIS , France -- South Africa claimed their second World Cup crown with a hard-fought 15-6 victory at the Stade de France on Saturday night as England failed in their bid to become the first team to defend their title . Springboks skipper John Smit proudly holds aloft the William Webb Ellis Trophy in Paris . The Springboks -- who triumphed at home in 1995 -- failed to score a try for the first time in the tournament , while England were unlucky to have one controversially ruled out by the video referee soon after half-time . Mark Cueto dived over the line in the left corner but , after much deliberation , video referee Stuart Dickinson ruled that the winger had touched the whitewash with his foot before going over . It was a bitter blow for the English , who had showed little attacking potency throughout the tournament but were beginning to show some promising signs . Brian Ashton 's team were beaten 36-0 by South Africa in the pool stages , but showed big improvement to reach the final with upset wins over Australia and hosts France after adopting a dour , forward-driven approach . Jake White , who is now expected to stand down as the Boks ' coach , saw his side dominate the lineouts in the final while England paid for poor discipline . Full-back Percy Montgomery kicked four penalties and Francois Steyn landed another from just inside his opponents ' half , while England 's sole points came from the boot of 2003 hero Jonny Wilkinson . Montgomery kicked South Africa ahead with a seventh-minute penalty after Tait slipped in midfield and failed to release the ball . Wilkinson replied with a penalty of his own five minutes later after Boks winger JP Pietersen spilled an up-and-under kick . Montgomery made it 6-3 with another goal after flanker Lewis Moody needlessly stuck out his left boot to trip Jaque Fourie in the 15th minute , and Wilkinson was wide with a drop-goal attempt soon after . Steyn was just wide with a long-range penalty as England 's forwards infringed again at the ruck , and the Springboks spurned a great opportunity just before half-time when scrum-half Fourie du Preez went for the line from close range instead of passing , and spilled the ball . However , the South African pack screwed England 's scrum and won their own feed , from which No. 8 Danie Rossouw was held up on the line after a bullish burst -- and England were penalized for killing the ball , allowing Montgomery to land a third penalty for 9-3 at the break and a personal haul of 102 points for the tournament . England came out after the break without captain and 2003 winner Phil Vickery , with Matt Stevens taking his place at prop . And the English almost crossed for the first try of the game as center Mathew Tait brilliantly burst through several tackles before being cut down just short of the line , and the ball was flicked wide to Cueto on the left . However , Australian official Dickinson made a crucial decision which denied a vital five-pointer . England gained some reward , however , as referee Alain Rolland had noticed a South African infringement before Cueto crossed , and Wilkinson reduced the deficit to 9-6 with his second penalty . In the 47th minute , the career of Jason Robinson came to an end when the England full-back was forced to limp off with a groin injury in what was his final game before retiring . Montgomery extended South Africa 's lead three minutes later after Martin Corry infringed at a ruck , and Steyn -- at 20 the second-youngest player to feature in a final -- made it 15-6 from 47 meters out after Ben Kay blocked Os du Randt in the 62nd minute . England made a raft of changes , bringing on 2003 champion Lawrence Dallaglio for possibly his last match at international level , but could not find a way through the Springboks ' defense . Vickery refused to blame Dickinson 's decision for his side 's defeat . "  You get decisions like that in a game . Sometimes you get them , sometimes you do n't , " he said . "  I 'm not going to stand here and blame the referee . South Africa deserved their win . " Corry added : "  We ca n't fault effort and the heart . It 's a shame that all that spirit counts for nothing . We gave it everything but it did n't go to plan . We are immensely disappointed and it 's heartbreaking . " White hailed his side 's stout defense , saying : "  That 's what wins World Cups . England were a bit unlucky not to get that try . I 'm really over the moon and it 's a massive win for us as a group . " Skipper John Smit added : "  I 'm sitting here and I 'm trying not to cry . It 's a feeling you ca n't put into words . This is for all of you . Thank you very much for all your support , even in bad times . "  It 's a reward for four years of dedication and hard work . England gave us a good run . But we responded well to their technical kicking . " Lock Victor Matfield , who is joining French side Toulon , was named man of the match after dominating England 's jumpers at the throw-ins . "  This is awesome . We worked for four years for this . We knew we were going to have to take it to England up front , " he said . "  The emotions are greater than I ever thought . I ca n't wait to get back home . I ca n't wait to see all the South Africans . " E-mail to a friend	South Africa claim second World Cup crown with 15-6 victory in final in Paris 2003 England champions England fail to become first side to defend the title Percy Montgomery kicked four penalties for Boks , plus one by Francois Steyn
CNN  -- Amid a grove of trees , buried beneath the grass and dirt , Mississippi 's past is colliding with its future . Surveyors last month discovered dozens of neat , tight rows of coffins just feet below the ground at the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson . Sure , there were stories that there was a cemetery somewhere on the grounds of the medical center that today sits where the Mississippi State Lunatic Asylum once stood . But the location of the cemetery was lost to history . That 's until an estimated 2,000 unmarked graves were discovered during a survey for a planned campus expansion . The find has forced the medical center to halt its expansion and begin the daunting task of figuring out what to do about the 2,000 bodies lying in the path of their next big thing . It 's a scene that has played out in recent years in New York , California , Texas , Illinois and Wisconsin as developers look to build on what is believed to be vacant land only to find forgotten graveyards . "  As development continues likely more are to be found , " Erin Kimmerle , a forensic anthropology professor at the University of Florida , said . But the sheer size of the Mississippi find -- one of the largest in recent years -- has many asking one question : Who were these people ? Finding coffins For as long as anyone can remember , construction workers and contractors have been finding the simple pine boxes on the property of the medical center , which opened in 1955 . There were four , five and sometimes six boxes with only skeletal remains found here and there on the grounds . Once , in the 1990s , workers building a laundry facility found about 40 unmarked graves , said Jack Mazurak , a spokesman for the medical center . But last year , that number jumped with the discovery of 66 coffins during a road improvement project at the campus . Over the years , there were rumors . Depending on who you asked , the coffins contained the bodies of the Civil War dead or slaves . But experts disagreed . Historical records revealed the area was not a major battlefield during the war , and there was no indication in the state historical archives that a slave cemetery existed on the site . The medical center partnered with the Mississippi State University anthropology department , with a team led by Prof. Nicholas Hermann , that was tasked with removing the remains for testing . Almost immediately , Hermann 's team determined the bodies were connected to the asylum , which opened on the grounds in 1855 . "  We 're guessing because there 's no personal remains , no clothes , not even really any buttons or pins or anything , that they were probably residents of the asylum and either buried in a shroud or not buried with anything , so that would put them probably around in the mid to late 1800s to early 1900s , " Derek Anderson , an archeologist on the team , told CNN affiliate WLBT shortly after the finds . Once testing is finished , the bodies will be reinterred in the medical center 's designated cemetery , Hermann said . Florida to exhume bodies buried at former boys school ' A lot of graves ' A number of factors , from historical records to the layout of the coffins , led Hermann to believe this was just the beginning of the find . When he found out the medical center was planning on building a cancer center and a children 's justice center on the site , he said : "  I think you are going to have a lot of graves . " Part of his assessment hinged on history . The asylum drew residents from across the state , people who were committed for a variety of ailments . Many , according to records , were institutionalized for years . When residents died , few were claimed by families . Experts believe poverty may have also played a role -- families could not afford to retrieve and transport the bodies . As a result , many were buried in unmarked graves in an area of the property believed designated as the asylum cemetery . Without headstones and markings to denote the outlines of the cemetery , it was swallowed up by time . So how do you determine that without digging up the grounds and , possibly , disturbing the dead ? The answer : ground-penetrating radar . "  When I saw the printout of that ... property , it was mind-blowing , " Mazurak said . The radar survey showed hundreds and hundreds of coffin-like outlines in tight rows . Many were believed to be just four or five feet below the surface . "  As it turned out there were 800 to 1,000 graves on the southern piece of property , and another 1,000 graves on the north side of the property , " Mazurak said . ` Living link ' Almost immediately , construction plans on the site were put on hold . Already the university medical center was absorbing the cost to exhume and rebury the bodies found last year at a cost of about $ 3,000 each , Mazurak said . Removing 66 coffins from underneath a road was one thing . But removing hundreds of coffins from an unmarked graveyard was another thing entirely . "  There is a living link to each grave , " Mazurak said . Exhuming and reinterring upwards of 2,000 bodies would cost millions , a price the university ca n't afford . So for now , the medical center will leave the dead where they lie and look for alternatives for the expansion . As news of the find made headlines , people across the country reached out to the medical center . The questions , in many cases , were the same : Can you tell me if my family member is buried there ? Unmarked graves bring their plight to light Searching for answers That 's the question Jannie White posed when she stumbled upon the news of the unmarked graveyard at the medical center . White has spent years researching her family history , trying to piece together the path her family had taken from Mississippi north . She grew up hearing stories about a great-grandmother who had been institutionalized at the asylum . The details were sketchy , and nobody was sure where the woman was buried or even what name she was buried under . "  I guess you would call it a rumor in the family . They kept saying she was in an institution a little bit outside of Jackson , " White said in a telephone call from her Detroit-area home . She picked up the telephone and started making phone calls , eventually connecting with Mazurak and others at the medical center . "  I asked whether they could tell me if she was buried there , and what name she was buried under , " she said . "  I 'm just trying to find out what our last name was then . " But answers have been harder to come by . Records related to the asylum are contained in 16 bound volumes at the Mississippi state archive , Hermann said . The volumes , all handwritten , are rich with detail , chronicling the name , age , ailment and admission date for every patient from between 1855 and 1935 , when the asylum was closed and relocated . "  Within those records , they provided a detailed account of how many people died every year and what they died of , " Hermann said . Hermann 's team believes their research on the 66 skeletal remains may one day be able to determine who was buried where on the property , if not the exact location . "  People are very concerned about their relatives , and that 's a driving factor , " he said . Studying the past It 's a years-long project that requires digitizing the records as well as testing DNA , primarily from teeth of the remains . Those results , Hermann says , will reveal details about where the person grew up regionally . With that information combined with the records , Hermann and others believe it 's possible to link the dead with the living . Already , Hermann and his team have determined the 66 bodies uncovered during the road improvement project were buried late in the asylum 's history , somewhere around the 1920s . By knowing where the dead came from and what they died of , it will help shed light on the history and treatment of mental health conditions across the state of Mississippi in the late 1800s and early 1900s , Hermann said . With a limited budget and less than a dozen people on the research team , the answers to many questions are likely years away . But one thing , Mazurak says , is clear about the find in Mississippi : "  The past frequently intersects , I almost want to say collides , with the present . "	About 2,000 unmarked graves were found at the University of Mississippi medical center The find has forced the medical center in Jackson to halt its expansion Experts believe the graves are associated with the Mississippi State Lunatic Asylum
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Tuesday signed into law a last-minute compromise plan to raise the nation 's $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling , narrowly averting what could have been an unprecedented default with calamitous economic consequences . Obama 's signature capped a tumultuous negotiation with congressional leaders that spanned months before finally coming up with an agreement on Sunday , two days before the government said it would run short of money pay its bills while lacking the authority to borrow any more . On Monday , the U.S. House passed the compromise measure by a 269-161 vote , overcoming opposition from unhappy liberal Democrats and tea party Republicans . Then the Senate passed the plan , which imposes sweeping new spending cuts over the next decade , on a 74-26 vote on Tuesday afternoon . Shortly afterward , Obama praised the deal as "  an important first step for ensuring that as a nation we live within our means . " But the American economy "  did n't need Washington to come along with a manufactured crisis , " the president noted . "  It 's pretty likely that the uncertainty surrounding the raising of the debt ceiling -- for both businesses and consumers -- has been unsettling , and just one more impediment to the full recovery that we need . And it was something that we could have avoided entirely . " "  Voters may have chosen divided government , but they sure did n't vote for dysfunctional government , " the president said . He signed the deal into law less than an hour later . If the debt ceiling had not been increased before the end of Tuesday , Americans could have seen rapidly rising interest rates , a falling dollar and shakier financial markets , among other problems , because the government would have been unable to borrow more money to account for the difference between revenue it collects and bills it owes . Regardless , the federal government could still face a credit rating downgrade . Credit rating agency Moody 's said Tuesday the United States will keep its sterling AAA credit rating for the time being , but lowered its outlook on U.S. debt to "  negative . " A "  negative outlook " indicates the possibility that Moody 's would downgrade the country 's sovereign credit rating within a year or two . Final passage and signing of the debt ceiling agreement did n't impress Wall Street , with the Dow Jones industrial average dropping for an eighth straight day . The agreement reached Sunday by Obama and congressional leaders from both parties calls for up to $ 2.4 trillion in savings over the next decade , raises the debt ceiling through the end of 2012 and establishes a special congressional committee to recommend long-term fiscal reforms . Emotions ran high during the final debates on Capitol Hill . Numerous Republicans remained worried about cuts in defense spending and the lack of a required balanced budget amendment to the Constitution . Progressive Democrats were livid over the extent of the deal 's domestic spending cuts , as well as the absence of any immediate tax hikes on high-income Americans . "  On this matter , my conscience is conflicted , " Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , said Tuesday morning . "  If we should default on our debt , terrible things will ensue . " But if "  we continue to move toward more and more spending cuts , we will literally disadvantage the poor and working families of America to the advantage of those who are well off , " Durbin said . Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , praised the agreement as "  a down payment on further ways to bring common sense ... to the spending of our government , " "  If we fail , we deliver a free people into the hands of financial bondage , " he warned . Sen. Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who is part of the Democratic caucus , called the deal a first step in "  a long , hard march back to fiscal responsibility in our country . " "  Nobody seems perfectly satisfied with it , but that 's inevitable , " Lieberman said . "  For me , the positive outweighs the negative . " GOP leaders sold the deal to skeptical rank-and-file Republicans in recent days by arguing that it will finally begin the process of reforming spending and taming the growing debt , a key goal of conservatives who fueled the GOP takeover of the House in last year 's midterm elections . Top Democrats have focused on the fact that the bill preserves benefits from popular entitlement programs such as Medicare and takes the politically problematic debt ceiling issue off the table until 2013 . In the end , the majority of both Democrats and Republicans supported the legislation in the Senate . In the House , Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , was able to round up the support of most of his GOP caucus , while the chamber 's two top Democrats -- Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California and Minority Whip Steny Hoyer of Maryland -- voted for the plan along with more than 90 of their caucus members . One of those supporting the plan was Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , who cast her first House vote since being shot in the head in an assassination attempt in January . She received an emotional ovation when she entered the chamber . In an op-ed to be published Wednesday in the Washington Post , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner argued that the process of forging the agreement was terrible , but the result is good . "  The agreement creates room for the private sector to continue to grow , without the threat of default and the burden of higher interest rates , " Geithner wrote , noting the measure passed Tuesday locks in at least $ 2 trillion in long-term savings that are "  phased in gradually to avoid hurting the economy in the near term . " Referring to the pressure exerted by tea party conservatives in the House on the negotiating process , Geithner also wrote that because the agreement allows the debt ceiling to be extended through 2012 , "  it should not be possible for a small minority to threaten catastrophe if the rest of the government decides not to embrace an extreme agenda of austerity and the dismantling of programs for the elderly and the less fortunate . " The agreement revolves around a two-stage process . The first stage includes $ 917 billion in savings , including a roughly $ 420 billion reduction in the national security budget . The cuts will be accompanied by a $ 900 billion increase in the debt ceiling . Because of the need to immediately increase borrowing , Obama has immediate authority to raise the debt ceiling by $ 400 billion , which will last through September . The other $ 500 billion increase in the debt limit is subject to a congressional vote of disapproval that can be vetoed by the president . In the second stage , a special joint committee of Congress will recommend further deficit reduction steps totaling $ 1.5 trillion or more , with Congress obligated to vote on the panel 's proposals by the end of the year . The committee will comprise 12 members , six from each chamber , equally divided between Democrats and Republicans . The panel 's recommendations are due by November 23 and are guaranteed an up-or-down vote without amendments by December 23 . The committee is expected to consider politically sensitive reforms to the tax code and entitlement programs , though Democrats and Republicans disagree on the likelihood of any eventual revenue increases . If the committee 's recommendations are enacted , Obama will be authorized to increase the debt ceiling by up to $ 1.5 trillion . If the recommendations are not enacted , Obama can still raise the debt ceiling by $ 1.2 trillion . At that point , however , a budget "  trigger " will kick in , imposing mandatory across-the-board spending cuts matching the size of the debt ceiling increase . The cuts would be split between defense spending and non-defense programs , an unpopular formula intended to motivate legislators to approve the committee 's recommendations . "  You want to make it hard for  lawmakers  just to walk away and wash their hands , " Gene Sperling , the director of Obama 's National Economic Council , said Sunday . "  You want them to say , if nothing happens , there will be a very tough degree of pain that will take place . " The final debt ceiling increase in the agreement is also subject to a congressional vote of disapproval that can be vetoed by Obama . The agreement calls for both houses of Congress to vote on a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution , though it does not make a further increase in the debt limit subject to congressional passage of such an amendment -- something tea party conservatives were initially demanding . Leaders on both sides of the aisle have openly conceded that the deal is far from perfect . "  Neither side got what they wanted , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said Tuesday . "  Each side laments some of the things we had to give up , but that 's the way it is . " A new CNN/ORC International Poll shows that only 44 % of Americans approve of the debt ceiling deal , while 52 % disapprove . According to the Monday survey , Republicans dislike the fact that the deal raises the debt ceiling through 2013 , while Democrats dislike the lack of any tax increases on businesses or higher-income Americans . Only 17 % of Americans believe that their elected officials have behaved like "  responsible adults " during the debt ceiling debate , while 77 % believe they have acted like "  spoiled children . " "  I think all of us need to reflect on how these institutions are conducting themselves , how members are conducting themselves , " said Sen. Kent Conrad , D-North Dakota , who has announced he is not seeking re-election next year . "  We need to think about why are we really here . We 're here to solve problems . We 're not here to worry about the next election , and unfortunately there 's too much focus on pure partisan politics and not enough focus on solving problems confronting the country . " CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan , Gloria Borger , Keating Holland , Brianna Keilar , Jeanne Sahadi , Xuan Thai , Jessica Yellin , Athena Jones , Lisa Desjardins , Dan Lothian and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Geithner calls the deal a good result of a terrible process Moody 's maintains an AAA rating for U.S. credit , for now Obama signs the debt ceiling bill into law CNN/ORC poll shows 44 % of Americans approve of the deal ; 52 % disapprove
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The legal battle between Miss California USA pageant officials and former beauty queen Carrie Prejean ended Tuesday with an agreement to drop their claims , according to a pageant spokesman . The pageant has dropped its lawsuit filed last month demanding Prejean repay $ 5,200 given her for breast implants , publicist Kenn Henman said . Prejean , in exchange , withdrew her suit accusing the pageant of violating her privacy by confirming to reporters that her breasts were fake , he said . Details of the agreement were not immediately available , he said Tuesday afternoon . "  We are moving forward from the past and looking towards the crowning of two winners and the new look of the upcoming Miss California USA pageant , " pageant Executive Director Keith Lewis said in a written statement . The public fight began last April when Prejean , 22 , stepped into controversy by declaring her opposition to same-sex marriage while answering a judge 's question at the Miss USA pageant . Prejean finished as first runner-up . While state and national pageant officials publicly supported her initially , their opinions eventually changed after she continued to make public statements about same-sex marriage . She held onto her crown through May -- despite a series of questionable photos that emerged on gossip Web sites . She was dethroned in June by Miss USA pageant owner Donald Trump amid growing complaints by state officials that she was uncooperative and not meeting her contractual obligations . Prejean filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior Court in August , claiming that her firing was religious discrimination because of her stand against same-sex marriage . The pageant 's countercomplaint said Prejean 's belligerent behavior , lack of cooperation and contract breaches caused her firing , not her opposition to same-sex marriage . Prejean also claimed pageant officials violated her privacy by acknowledging to reporters that her breasts were fake . The truth about Prejean 's breasts "  ceased being private during the swimsuit competition of the nationally televised Miss USA pageant , in which Ms. Prejean walked the stage in a bikini , " pageant lawyers said in their countersuit filed in October . State pageant officials say they loaned the money for the breast surgery under an oral agreement with Prejean and she never repaid them . The group also asked a judge to give them any profits from Prejean 's tell-all book due out this month , which they claim was written in violation of her pageant contract . One thing they all agreed on was that Prejean needed bigger breasts if she was to be competitive in the national pageant in April , the pageant 's filing said . "  Ms. Prejean disclosed that she had been thinking about and wanting to have breast augmentation surgery for some time , but did not have the money to pay for it , " the filing said . "  She felt that if she had the surgery , in her opinion , she would be more competitive for the Miss USA pageant . " After pageant officials agreed to loan her the money , Prejean underwent breast augmentation in January , the pageant filing said . The court documents gave an inside look at the hostile relationship between Prejean , California pageant officials and Trump . After the Miss USA pageant , "  With her new-found notoriety , an inflated sense of self , and the lure of financial gain available to her , Ms. Prejean turned even further against the Miss California USA organization , abandoned her obligations as the Miss California USA titleholder , and violated multiple provisions of the contract which governed her reign , " the pageant filing said .	Pageant dropped lawsuit demanding Carrie Prejean repay $ 5,200 for her breast implants Prejean , in exchange , withdrew suit accusing pageant of violating her privacy Suit had said Pageant confirmed to reporters that Prejean 's breasts were fake
A crying mother cradles and moves her dead baby to the floor , yelling out , "  My child , my child . " Outside , another woman shakes and gestures in a fit of absolute grief as she piercingly screams , "  Pray to God and his prophet sister . " Both women had brought their children to a clinic in a rebel-held part of northwestern Syria , hoping to help save their lives . Instead , at least 15 children -- all under the age of 2 -- died after receiving measles vaccinations through a U.N.-sponsored program . As many as 50 other children got sick after what a U.N. report described as a "  bungled immunization . " So how did it happen ? Syria 's foreign ministry blames "  this catastrophe  on  leaders of the armed terrorist organizations " -- a term President Bashar al-Assad 's government uses for rebel groups -- "  and their supporters ... the Turkish authorities , " according to a report from the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  . In a joint statement , the World Health Organization and UNICEF said Wednesday that the groups ' vaccination program in Idlib and Deir Ezzor provinces has been halted as a team of experts try to get to the bottom of the situation . A spokesman for the WHO , the public health arm of the United Nations , said a preliminary investigation suggests the deaths can be attributed not to a criminal act but simple human error . The WHO spokesman , Christian Lindmeier , said early reports suggest medics may have accidentally mixed a high-dose muscle relaxant into the vaccine powder instead of the designated serum . "  Apparently , in the same fridge ... where the vaccines were stored , there was also a muscle relaxant , " Lindmeier explained Thursday to CNN , adding the vaccine itself likely was n't contaminated . "  The muscle relaxant vial looks like the same vial as the vaccine . " This explanation may not do much right now to blunt the agony and anger of those who saw children die this week in Syria 's Idlib province . Some distressed parents and local authorities have demanded not only an investigation , but that the medical personnel involved be put on trial , according to Mohamad Alkanash , an anti-Assad activist in the town of Jarjanaz . The Syrian government sent letters to the United Nations describing the incident as "  an ugly crime " and claiming the children were given "  rotten , spoiled and poisoned vaccines , " SANA reported . Notably , the vaccinations were administered in areas that the Damascus-based central government does n't control , and therefore may not have direct knowledge of . And therein lies a larger issue : Syria 's years-long civil war has caused number of humanitarian crises , including related to the spread of infectious diseases -- including ones , like measles , that can be tackled through immunizations . There 's widespread violence and very little functioning government in some areas , leaving people young and old at risk . In December 2012 , the WHO and UNICEF announced they would work with Syria 's health ministry to distribute at least 1.5 million doses of measles vaccine in government-controlled areas . Still , hundreds of thousands of others are in areas not controlled by al-Assad 's government . Doctors Without Borders , also known as Medicins San Frontieres , noted in June 2013 that at least 7,000 people had been infected in a measles epidemic in northern Syria . This is why U.N. organizations stepped in , hoping to address a dire need through vaccinations . Yet no one imagined the scenes that unfolded this week in Jarjanaz . Ali Abouel Majd , another anti-Assad activist , described one child dying in front of him . "  The child slowly ran out of breath before my eyes , " Majd recalled . "  Doctors rushed to save some  children  and placed oxygen masks on their faces . " While the vaccination program may be stopped for now , that does n't mean it wo n't someday resume . Lindmeier , the WHO spokesman , said that there are "  strong guidelines " in place to avoid a situation like this one , "  but we can not avoid 100 % of human error . " "  The major challenge , " Lindmeier said , "  is to make sure this campaign can continue safely . "	U.N. : Children die , at least 50 sickened after "  bungled immunization " in northern Syria The measles immunizations were part of a U.N.-sponsored campaign in rebel-held areas WHO spokesman : Early reports suggests human error was to blame Syria 's government calls the incident an "  ugly crime , " blames "  terrorist organizations "
CNN  -- Victoria Azarenka toppled Li Na in their WTA Championships playoff to book a semifinal clash with Maria Sharapova and ensure she will end 2012 as the world No. 1 . Azarenka needed to win to stay in the season-ending tournament after tasting defeat at the hands of Serena Williams on Thursday and triumphed 7-6 6-3 over Li , the No. 8 seed from China . The 23-year-old will now face Russia 's Sharapova , who won her third straight match in Istanbul earlier on Friday , against already eliminated Sam Stosur , from Australia . "  It feels great , a dream come true , " Azarenka said of her achievement in a court side interview . "  I want to play my last matches here and then enjoy being the world number one . I want to focus on this competition , there are still lots of challenges ahead . "  All the players are on top of their game and it 's great to be part of the women 's game doing so well at the moment . " Sharapova triumphed 6-0 6-3 against Stosur , surrendering just five points in an opening set that lasted only 21 minutes . "  After a really long match in my previous round , I was just trying to be really aggressive today and not spend as much time as I did the other day , " Sharapova told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  I knew coming in I was already going to be in the semis , but I did n't want to lose . I wanted to do the right things today and I did them . " Sharapova rejected the notion the match was a dead rubber , with her passage to the final four already secured , as well as Stosur 's exit . "  They 're not so dead -- you 're playing in front of thousands of people , " she said . "  There are things you play for . I do n't want to just play tennis -- I play to win . "  I wanted to try to replicate a match that matters -- in my mind , it does . I never want to go into a match when I 'm in a competitive tournament atmosphere and feel like there 's nothing on the line . That would never get me going . " In the evening 's other match Agnieszka Radwanska , the No. 4 seed from Poland , booked a semifinal with Serena Williams after recording an epic 6-7 7-5 6-4 victory over Italian Sara Errani . On court for three hours and 29 minutes it is the longest recorded match in the season-endning tournament 's history . "  After my last match I was n't that fresh , so I was afraid of what would happen , " Radwanska said . "  I do n't know how I did it today , especially after almost three and a half hours on the court , but I 'm so happy . "  Obviously Serena 's a great champion -- in that kind of match I have nothing to lose , so I 'll just go on court and enjoy it . I 've had a lot of tennis the last few days and it 's really hard to play like this every day . "	Victoria Azarenka beats Li Na to secure her place in WTA Championships semis Azarenka wins 7-6 6-4 to ensure she 'll end 2012 as the world No. 1 Maria Sharapova wins third straight match in Istanbul beating Sam Stosur Agnieszka Radwanska defeats Italy 's Sara Errani to set up Serena Williams semi
CNN  -- Once again , we confront the specter of a school day bathed in bloodshed . A 16-year-old , Alex Hribal , allegedly takes two long knives into a crowded corridor and sends 20 classmates and an adult to the hospital with grave injuries . Arraigned as an adult , Hribal looks all too familiar : thin , scared , vacant-eyed . He looks younger than his years as he is manacled and maneuvered into a police car . We have not yet filled in a motive . Hribal 's attorney says , "  He worked well in groups , and this happened . So there 's a reason for it -- that 's what I 'm saying . And we have to get to the bottom of that . " And because it was knives , not guns , it was -- thankfully -- not a massacre . But much about the attack is familiar . Fifteen years ago , my doctoral students and I devoted two years to studying rampage shootings in American high schools in response to the epidemic epitomized by the 1999 Columbine High School shootings . To try to understand what motivates school attackers , we interviewed everyone who had any knowledge of two episodes -- one near Paducah , Kentucky , and the other outside Jonesboro , Arkansas -- that took place in the late '90s . Congress wanted to know about the circumstances that led to these outbursts in communities that have no experience of murderous violence . What we found at the center of the stories we followed were young men who looked a lot like Hribal . Rampage attacks happen in safe , relatively isolated communities . Indeed , they are most common in small rural towns where the biggest public "  stage " is the local high school , the place the community gathers for events such as football games on Saturdays and everybody knows your name . The perpetrators are often described in the media as loners , but they are not . They are most often "  failed joiners , " people who work overtime to ingratiate themselves into cliques that reject them . But they do n't stop trying . Fading into the background , close to anonymous , but rarely ever thought of as troublemakers , the protagonists look for ways to gain acceptance and attention . They may act like clowns ; they sometimes bully other children ; they steal -- all to seek the approval of social groups that continuously deny them recognition . In the instances we studied , all that effort starts to pay off the day they start talking about killing people . Suddenly they are the objects of attention . Everyone pivots toward them . They may even find their "  friends " goading them . Michael Carneal , the shooter in Kentucky , resembled Hribal . Slight and short , he was a freshman who simply could not cut it in the world of high school peers . He was socially awkward and a bit of prankster , but he was n't a loner . Carneal tried to gain the friendship of many different social groups and finally landed in the laps of the Goths , boys who wore satanic garb and spoke in dark tones but who were actually among the smart ones . They told Carneal that the pistol he stole from home was n't good enough , that he should come to school in a trench coat sporting a shotgun . Carneal was so eager to gain their approval that he followed these instructions almost to the letter . Three kids huddled together in a prayer group were murdered , one was paralyzed from the waist down and a fifth was hit in the arms , her athletic career ended in an instant . But when Carneal shot these innocents , what was uppermost in his mind was not that he was going to kill kids but rather how this bold act would help him gain traction with the Goths . They would see him as notorious and dangerous rather than a loser who was awkward and boring . He told the forensic psychiatrist who interviewed him after his arrest that he had found a route to popularity . The Goths would visit his house and invite him to their homes . He would have friends once he proved himself worthy of their respect . We do n't know yet if the Murrysville , Pennsylvania , suspect fits this profile . The surprise that so many of his schoolmates have expressed comes close to what teachers told us about Carneal : that they could have named 50 others who might have committed this kind of mayhem before they got to him . The son of a lawyer and a homemaker , until the previous year a good student , with no obvious interest in guns , Carneal was not on their radar screen . But many teenagers avoided school on the Monday that Carneal murdered his classmates because they knew something bad was coming . One thing we should be grateful for : The attacker in Pennsylvania was armed only with knives . Had he had access to the weapons Carneal had , we would have seen dozens die rather than suffer these wounds . Knife attacks happen in countries such as Japan where guns are hard to access , and they have been lethal . Just not as deadly as a loaded high-capacity automatic weapon that requires a split second to gun down dozens of people . This is small comfort in Murrysville .	Katherine Newman has studied school rampages , says stabbing attack has echoes of them She says they tend to happen in "  safe " rural towns and suspects first mislabeled as loners She says attackers often are "  failed joiners " who seek acceptance in actions Newman : It 's small comfort for Pennsylvania town that attacker used knives instead of guns
CNN  -- The United States -- in partnership with its ally Canada -- spied during a pair of major 2010 summits of world leaders in Toronto , CBC reported , citing top secret documents obtained from whistleblower Edward Snowden . Both the G8 and G20 summits were held in June 2010 in Canada 's most populated city . And both times , America 's National Security Agency conducted widespread surveillance that was "  closely coordinated with the Canadian partner , " according to CBC 's account of a briefing note from the U.S. spy agency . The multi-day spying operation focused at making sure meeting sites were safe , protecting against terrorist threats and "  providing support to policymakers , " a NSA briefing document states , according to the Canadian news outlet . The National Security Agency and the office of Director of National Intelligence , President Barack Obama 's top intelligence adviser , did not respond Thursday to CNN requests for comment on the CBC report . Ottawa 's Communications Security Establishment Canada , or CSEC , did not comment to the CBC , according to that news outlet . When similar reports have surfaced in the past . U.S. government officials have pointed to the Obama-ordered review of America 's intelligence gathering -- which gained steam after reports that German Chancellor Angela Merkel had been spied on -- but refused to comment on specific claims . But they also have not backed away from the idea that the U.S. spies , just like other nations do . "  As we have made clear , ... the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations , " said NSA spokeswoman Caitlin Haden in October , when the Merkel reports stirred tensions between traditional allies in Germany and the United States . The new CBC reporting does not specify which world leaders , if any , were targeted during the G8 and G20 summits , or what specific information may have been obtained . Nor does the Canadian news outlet 's account of the NSA documents spell out what role , if any , the CSEC had in it . If that Canadian agency had been complicit in snooping on anyone -- be they Canadians or foreign nationals -- without a warrant , it could violate that North American nation 's laws , the CBC reports . G8 summits are meetings of world leaders from the Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Japan , Russia , the European Union and the United States . G20 summits incorporate a larger group , traditionally taking place once or twice each year . During these meetings , leaders traditionally discuss a wide range of important and sometimes hot-button issues . At the end of 2010 's G8 summit in Toronto , for example , the group issued a final statement focusing on recovery from a global economic crisis while also criticizing Iran and North Korea . The fact that Snowden is linked to the CBC 's report is n't a big surprise . The now 30-year-old worked as an information technology contractor for the U.S. government . He collected information on his native country 's spy programs , then exposed them to media outlets such as the Guardian and the Washington Post . Some of the reported leaks -- like that the National Security Agency mined phone and Internet metadata from thousands of people inside and outside of the United States -- put the Obama administration on the defensive , trying to justify its spying programs while assuring Americans of their privacy . Others , like the claims that Merkel was spied on for years , forced Washington to do damage control with leaders of countries overseas . U.S. authorities have charged Snowden with espionage and theft of government property . But they have n't arrested him : Instead , he is in Russia , which on August 1 granted him asylum for one year . This is n't the first time that documents from Snowden have been linked to G20 spying . Britain 's electronic intelligence agency monitored G20 delegates ' phones and tried to capture their passwords during a summit held there in 2009 , the Guardian newspaper reported , citing documents obtained from Snowden .	CBC says it obtained a top secret NSA document from Edward Snowden It says the U.S. conducted surveillance during the G8 , G20 summits in Toronto This was "  closely coordinated with the Canadian partner , " the NSA says , reports CBC U.S. agencies have n't responded to comment on this report
CNN  -- The long-icy relations between Iran and the U.S. began to thaw almost as soon as Hassan Rouhani , Iran 's new president , assumed office . Rouhani has promised to regain the trust of the international community when it comes to his country 's nuclear program and pull Iran 's economy out of the mire through a series of moves that reflect a change of approach in Tehran . A clear strategy shift Rouhani received mixed signals from pro-reform and conservative camps upon his return from the U.N. General Assembly meeting in late September . In Iran it is Ayatollah Khamenei , not Rouhani , who has the final say on foreign policy . And the supreme leader has frequently extended his approval to the president 's plan to normalize relations with the U.S. and resolve the nuclear deadlock . The shift of Iranian rhetoric in the weeks running up to this week 's nuclear negotiations in Geneva has not been limited to the supreme leader 's support of the direct talks with the U.S. Ali Larijani , the head of Iran 's parliament , has also expressed support for a recalibration of Iran 's approach to nuclear talks . Toning down the anti-Americanism The debate over whether or not anti-American slogans should be stopped as a trust-building gesture has been intense in Iran . Since the establishment of the Islamic Republic in 1979 , "  Down with the USA " has been a widely used slogan at Friday prayers and national rallies , but a number of senior clergymen have expressed their support for ending the use of such terms . ANALYSIS : Why there 's room for a deal with Iran Former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani has gone even further , recently declaring on his website that Ayatollah Khomeini , the founder of the republic , had never approved of anti-American slogans . Although the revolutionary outlook of the establishment has , to some extent , faded over three and a half decades of the revolution , such statements by a senior political figure are unheard of in Iran . A softer approach to Israel The official tune by the administration regarding Israel has also significantly changed . Since Rouhani 's trip to New York -- and in a dramatic break from the rhetoric of former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- the country 's officials have acknowledged and condemned the Holocaust and cancelled an annual anti-Zionist conference that was scheduled to take place just weeks before this week 's nuclear talks . The moves perhaps indicate a mutual understanding between Washington and Tehran that the success of future negotiations may depend on a green light from Israel . Iran would also like to see the risk of a possible Israeli strike against its nuclear sites completely eradicated -- a possibility that can only come about through if Iran eliminates its own existential threats against the state of Israel . Gestures born of desperation ? Iran may have shifted the rhetoric in recent weeks , but although Rouhani and his team have a track record of moderation in their political careers -- especially in comparison to their predecessors -- the recent moves would most likely not have been taken if Iran 's economy was n't crumbling due to Western sanctions . Western sanctions as a result of Iran 's uranium enrichment are costing Iran up to $ 5 billion a month . Iran 's oil production is down by about a million barrels per day and its exports are at the lowest levels since the Iran-Iraq War in the 1980s . The effect of sanctions are becoming unbearable for the Iranian government and there is now a palpable sense of urgency in its approach to resolving the nuclear issue . ANALYSIS : U.S. "  clear-eyed " but hopeful on Iran talks Despite the urgency to get a deal done , Iranian leaders will not overextend themselves when it comes to concessions to the West over its nuclear program . Iranians do not want to be portrayed as desperate due to sanctions , and face-saving -- especially domestically -- will be an important element of Iran 's strategy . Tehran also does n't seem to have a rigid and pre-defined agenda for the negotiations -- they will probably just kick off the diplomatic ping pong and see how many concessions they can get out of the talks . What comes next ? Recently Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said the previous rounds of negotiations between Iran and the P5 +1 nations -- the United States , Russia , China , France , Britain and Germany -- benefited no one , and that their only outcome has been unfair economic sanctions on Iran . Iran has always claimed its nuclear program exists solely for sustainable development and to meet the country 's energy demands -- and that its enrichment program has only been a reaction to French firm Eurodif 's refusal to give Iran enriched uranium , despite Iran owning 20 % of the firm . Iranian officials have also repeatedly argued that the country informed the International Atomic Energy Agency 180 days prior to enriching uranium , meaning that Iran has never been in violation of IAEA laws . I believe the likeliest outcome of these negotiations will be a concession by the U.S. to give Iran the right to enrich uranium to 5 percent . If that is decided , the most recent agreement of the P5 +1 will replace corresponding U.N. resolutions on the same -- and perhaps more significantly , it will pave the way for more talks in the future . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Sara Bazoobandi .	New Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has worked to thaw U.S.-Iranian relations in recent months Some Iranian clergymen believe "  Down with the USA " slogans should be dropped from prayers Iran has also adopted a softer stances towards Israel since Rouhani 's visit to the U.N. Bazoobandi : Recalibration likely would n't have happened without crippling sanctions
CNN  -- When Jack Nicklaus gives you advice , it pays to listen . Rory McIlroy did so last year , and he won his first major tournament . Now , having missed three cuts in a row ahead of his U.S. Open title defense next week , the world No. 2 has again acted on the wisdom of one of golf 's greatest champions . McIlroy had intended to pay his first visit to the host course , San Francisco 's Olympic Club , just days before the season 's second major tees off . But after a joint interview with Nicklaus , hosted by Shane O'Donoghue of CNN 's Living Golf show , the 23-year-old decided to go there early and use the free window that opened up when he missed the weekend action at the Memorial Tournament run by the "  Golden Bear . " McIlroy had planned to go straight from Muirfield Village to Memphis for this week 's St. Jude Classic in the hope that more competitive play would help restore the form that has made him the world 's most exciting young player . But it was Nicklaus , winner of a record 18 major titles and joined by Tiger Woods on Sunday in second place on the PGA Tour roll of honor with 73 victories , pointed him in the right direction . "  My wife has always had a statement , which is : ` There is no excuse for not being prepared , ' " the 72-year-old said . "  I know that there were times when I was n't prepared and I got exactly what I deserved -- nothing . " Woods revealed after his victory on Sunday that he had visited Olympic before the Memorial , and that it had been perfect preparation . "  Not to disparage the Memphis tournament , but nobody remembers who won last year in Memphis . They do remember who won last year 's U.S. Open . We will never forget that , " Nicklaus said . After self-destructing in the final round at last year 's Masters , McIlroy turned to Nicklaus for advice . "  I said it is really important to know what happened and that you understand what happened to you and that you will try not to make the same mistakes , " Nicklaus said . "  I said that I had given away a U.S. Open where Arnold  Palmer  won , I gave away a British Open by not knowing how to win and I gave away another U.S. Open not knowing how to win -- but I learned from it . "  Then he went right on to win a U.S. Open and absolutely blitz the field . I dropped him a note saying that you obviously learned something in Augusta , but more important did you learn something from your win ? "  The two are a combination and are very important to his career . He has a great , great future in front of him . " McIlroy won by eight shots at Congressional , setting the lowest score in U.S. Open history as he smashed the previous best total set by Nicklaus , Woods , Lee Janzen and Jim Furyk . "  I know Jack always went to the tournament 's venue a week before and spent four or five days there to prepare , " McIlroy acknowledged . "  I think the reason that he won many more majors than anyone else was because he prepared more than anyone else . "  You know when he stood on the first tee on Thursday he felt like he was better prepared than anyone else -- that in itself gives you confidence . " Time will tell if McIlroy 's last-minute change of plans will solve his problems , but Nicklaus is confident that the Northern Irishman will soon be back on track . "  Rory right now is worrying how he is going to put that back together , but we all go through it , " he said . "  I had the same problems . I went from 1967 to 1970 right in the prime of my career without winning a major . And you know I just found that I was probably lazy , I had too much success , I had n't worked hard enough to prepare myself . "  I just worked myself out of it , then in 1970 I had success at the British Open and I was back again . "	Jack Nicklaus tells Rory McIlroy to spend more time at U.S. Open venue World No. 2 struggling to find form ahead of his title defense next week Northern Irishman visited Olympic Club after missing cut at Nicklaus ' Memorial Nicklaus says McIlroy needs to learn from both his successes and failures
CNN  -- He began his career as a bus driver in Caracas , then rose through the ranks to become a member of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's inner circle . Now , election authorities say voters have picked Nicolas Maduro to be Chavez 's successor . With more than 99 % of ballots counted , Maduro secured 50.7 % of the vote , Venezuelan National Electoral Council President Tibisay Lucena said Sunday night , calling the results "  irreversible . " Opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski has demanded a recount , and it 's unclear what Venezuela 's political future holds . But speaking to cheering supporters Sunday night , Maduro said he was certain of his victory and ready to lead the South American country . In campaign rallies leading up to Sunday 's presidential election , Maduro pledged to continue Chavez 's political projects to build "  21st century socialism . " Maduro , 50 , has been Venezuela 's interim leader since Chavez 's death . When he registered to run for the presidency last month , he told supporters , "  I am not Chavez , but I am his son . " They were n't blood relations , but in one of his last public appearances , Chavez tapped Maduro as his replacement . Q&A : Venezuela 's presidential election "  My firm opinion , as clear as the full moon -- irrevocable , absolute , total -- is ... that you elect Nicolas Maduro as president , " Chavez said in December , waving a copy of the Venezuelan Constitution as he spoke . "  I ask this of you from my heart . He is one of the young leaders with the greatest ability to continue , if I can not . " Maduro was a high-profile face in Chavez 's administration . So was his wife , Cilia Flores , whom Chavez named as Venezuela 's attorney general last year . Serving as both the country 's vice president and foreign minister , Maduro often was seen in the front row of Chavez 's news conferences and traveled to Cuba many times alongside Chavez as he underwent cancer treatment . U.S. open to ` more constructive relationship ' with Venezuela "  He is without a doubt one of the ministers who is closest to Chavez , " political analyst German Campos told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol after Chavez tapped Maduro as vice president in October . As foreign minister , Maduro was the country 's top diplomat as ties grew with Cuba and tensions rose with the United States . In recent years , he has been an outspoken critic of U.S. policies toward Venezuela . When the Treasury Department added four Venezuelan officials to its drug kingpin list in 2011 , Maduro accused the U.S. agency of acting as "  a sort of world police agency " that has falsely named "  decent citizens of our country ... as drug traffickers . " "  A country like that has no moral authority to judge generals and political officials in Venezuela , " he said . "  We reject it and we believe that the drug trafficking mafias are there , in a sick society like the United States . " After security screeners detained him at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2006 , Maduro called the U.S. government "  racist " and "  Nazi " and said does not appreciate Latin American countries . Since Chavez 's March 5 death , Maduro has ratcheted up the rhetoric . His steady stream of accusations have included claims that people within the Pentagon and the CIA were plotting to destabilize Venezuela and suggestions that the United States may have caused Chavez 's cancer . Chavez 's criticisms of U.S. imperialism were a hallmark of his presidency and played well with his supporters . And some analysts said it was no surprise that the accusations -- which the United States has denied -- escalated with Maduro on the ticket to replace Chavez . Maduro has n't always taken an extreme tack , said Javier Corrales , a professor of political science at Amherst College in Massachusetts . Hugo Chavez 's death draws sympathy , anger "  On the one hand , he has been behind some of the most radical , crazy foreign policy decisions of the Chavez administration . Support for Libya , you name it , all the radical decisions , he has been behind them , " Corrales said . "  But he also has been behind some of the most pragmatic and conciliatory decisions , including the turnaround in relations with Colombia . " That 's a marked contrast with the inflammatory Chavez , who rarely turned to compromise , Corrales said . Before his role representing Venezuela abroad , Maduro honed his political skills at home . He became a union leader while working for the Caracas metro system . After Chavez came to power in 1999 , Maduro helped draft a new constitution . He served as a congressman until 2006 , when he was tapped as foreign minister . Maduro has said he 's proud to continue "  Chavismo , " the political movement Chavez started . Throngs of dedicated followers still call themselves Chavistas in devotion to the former president . Before Sunday 's vote , some analysts questioned whether Maduro would have the charisma to maintain their support . They noted that Chavez 's political strength was largely fueled by his ability to personally connect with voters . And that personal connection with his supporters is "  what 's held things together in Venezuela , " according to Michael Shifter , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue think tank . Opinion : After Chavez , a power vacuum Chavez 's public remarks supporting Maduro likely bolstered support for him among fervent Chavistas , Corrales said . "  When popular presidents make an endorsement , that always has an effect , " Corrales said . When he named Maduro as vice president , Chavez noted his extensive experience on "  different battlefronts . " "  The bourgeoisie make fun of Nicolas Maduro because he was a bus driver , " Chavez said , "  and look where he 's going now . " Chavez leaves a revolutionary legacy Journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report from Caracas .	Analyst : Maduro was behind radical foreign policy decisions , also compromises Hugo Chavez said he wanted Maduro to replace him Maduro has been Venezuela 's vice president and foreign minister He started his career as a bus driver and later become a union leader and a politician
CNN  Daniel Ndambuki might today be one of Kenya 's top comedians , having the crowd in stitches every time he performs , but things were quite different when he first took to the stage . In fact , Ndambuki 's debut performance was so bad that he had to be stopped straight away . "  My first joke ... they switched off the mic , " recalls Ndambuki , who is better known by his stage name "  Churchill " . "  It was too boring , " he admits laughingly , "  even -LSB- to -RSB- myself . "  We left the stage and we promised ourselves never to do comedy again , but I went back and with practice and a lot of encouragement , we just found ourselves getting addicted to the stage and that 's exactly what we are doing up until now . " ` Next Chris Rock ' As the old saying goes , if at first you do n't succeed , try , try again . And to Churchill 's credit , he did and today , thanks to his hard work and determination , he is at the helm of two of Kenya 's biggest comedy shows : Churchill Live and Churchill Raw . The first one is more of a magazine show , with several high-profile guests , whilst the latter serves as a platform for up-and-coming performers to showcase their talents . To find the best entertainers , Churchill auditions a group of comedians , and the cream of the crop goes on to perform before a live audience later that day . "  There is nothing as exciting as being a pioneer for a big dream , not only for one country , but the whole continent and creating history and influencers -- it 's the most amazing thing , " says Churchill . "  With the talent that you see coming up on the stage every day , in the next five years you might be sure , it 's a matter of time before you see a Chris Rock or a Steve Harvey coming from the academy and that would be the dream , " he muses . Tips to tickle you But what does it take to succeed in the business of making people laugh ? For Churchill , the secret lies with crafting jokes that everyone can relate to . "  The most unique thing is being able to make a very intelligent person and the ordinary person get the joke at the same time otherwise you will lose , " he advises . "  It is not easy , " he adds . "  Humor is based on current issues and observation and just characters , " continues the seasoned comic , "  so it 's a whole journey seven days a week ; you have to keep on doing it , again and again . "  Comedy is not easy , it 's really more like a calling . If someone has that talent , the best you can do as a parent is to encourage that person . " More than just a comedian , Churchill is today focused on growing the next generation of comic talent in Kenya and beyond . CNN 's African Voices asked the seasoned comic to name some of his continent 's best comics to keep an eye on . Click through the gallery above to find out Churchill 's favorite African comedians and check out the video below to learn more about his story . WATCH : S. African comedian : I was born a crime	Daniel "  Churchill " Ndambuki is a popular comedian from Kenya His variety TV show provides a platform for up-and-coming performers He says : "  There is nothing as exciting as being a pioneer for a big dream "
CNN  -- The world of golf is eager to know when Tiger Woods will return to action after back surgery , yet not even the man himself can set a date . Woods was forced to pull out of the Masters for the first time last month after undergoing an operation on March 31 -- having struggled for several weeks with a pinched nerve in his back -- and he has been sidelined ever since . The surgery was successfully performed in Utah by neurosurgeon Dr Charles Rich , with the world No. 1 being told he needed time to rest and rehabilitate . But while the recovery time from such an operation is usually three to four months , Woods remains clueless as to when he will next tee off on a golf course . "  As I 've said several times , I hope to be back sometime this summer , but I just do n't know when , " he wrote on his official website . "  I 'm doing everything I can and listening to my doctors and working on a strength program , and then we just have to see how my back is . "  Some people heal up in three months , some people take four months , some people take longer . I just do n't know . " Woods , who has begun cycling and swimming as he builds up his strength and fitness , had been struggling since last year with the back injury , which severely hampered his game in the opening months of 2014 leading up to the Masters . In March , the condition forced him to stop playing after 13 holes of his final round at the Honda Classic . When he tried to return to action the following week at the WGC-Cadillac Championship in Miami , he aggravated the injury . And he then withdrew from the Arnold Palmer Invitational , explaining that neither the back spasms nor pain had subsided . "  I made the decision to have surgery because physically I just could n't make a golf swing . That pretty much sums it up , " said the American . "  Once I begin swinging a club again , I 'm not sure if I will have to make any changes to protect my back . " He added : "  We have to make sure my back heals fine and I have the strength and mobility going forward . " Had Woods been fit , he would be preparing to defend his title at the Players Championship in Ponte Vedra Beach this week , with the event getting underway Thursday . While he is frustrated to be missing out on the action , the 14-time major winner is at least encouraged by the slow-but-sure progress he is making . "  My recovery from microdiscectomy surgery for a pinched nerve in my back is coming along , but it 's a very slow process , " added Woods . "  I 'm still sore . Not from the procedure itself but the incision . I just need to get back to my day-to-day activities , and that 's it . "  One reassuring thing from my medical exam is I have zero arthritic changes whatsoever . I 've kept myself in very good shape over the years , and it has paid off . "  We knew going into this procedure that it really helps to be strong , especially in my glutes and my abs . I was strong in both departments , and that helps with the recovery and rehab , and you 're able to come back faster . " Woods has been in a similar situation before , having had to undergo surgery on his knee in 2008 , while he has also struggled with an Achilles problem in the past . The 38-year-old is able to seek solace from such experiences on his road to recovery , and in turn allow himself to plan for an eventful second half of the 2014 season . "  It 's a building process , just like when I came back from my knee and Achilles injuries . You start from the green and work your way back : putting , chipping , pitching , wedging , mid-irons , long irons , woods and eventually playing . That 's all a process and takes time , " he said , . "  There 's the Greenbrier Classic -LSB- to look forward to -RSB- and the Open Championship , and of the course the U.S. Open is about six weeks away . You can understand why I want to hurry up and get better . I 'd also like to play in the FedExCup Playoffs and the Ryder Cup . "	Tiger Woods unsure when he will return from back surgery The 38-year-old is hoping to be back sometime in the summer He underwent surgery as he was unable to make a golf swing
The Hollywood Reporter  Geoffrey Lewis , a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator Clint Eastwood as his pal Orville Boggs in "  Every Which Way But Loose " and its sequel , has died . He was 79 . Lewis , the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis , died Tuesday , family friend Michael Henderson said . No other details were immediately available . Lewis began his long association with Eastwood in "  High Plains Drifter "  1973  . He also appeared with the actor in "  Thunderbolt and Lightfoot "  1974  , "  Bronco Billy "  1980  , "  Pink Cadillac "  1989  and "  Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil "  1997  . Lewis scored a Golden Globe nomination for playing bartender Earl Tucker on the 1980s CBS sitcom "  Flo , " the spinoff of "  Alice " that starred Polly Holliday , and he had recurring roles on such series as "  Falcon Crest " and the syndicated "  Land 's End . " Hollywood Reporter : "  Fast 8 " nowhere near starting line Lewis portrayed real-life Prohibition-era gangster Harry Pierpont in "  Dillinger "  1973  , and his résumé also includes such notable films as "  The Great Waldo Pepper "  1975  , "  The Wind and the Lion "  1975  , "  Lucky Lady "  1975  , "  The Return of a Man Called Horse "  1976  , "  Heaven 's Gate "  1980  , "  Catch Me If You Can "  1989  , "  The Lawnmower Man "  1992  , "  The Man Without a Face "  1993  , "  Maverick "  1994  and "  The Devil 's Rejects "  2005  . Hollywood Reporter : Acclaimed satirist Stan Freberg dies The actor also stood out as a gravedigger turned vampire in the 1979 Tobe Hooper CBS miniseries "  Salem 's Lot , " an adaptation of the Stephen King novel . Lewis had appeared on such 1970s TV shows as "  Then Came Bronson , " "  Bonanza " and "  The Name of the Game " before scoring a minor role as a cowhand in "  The Culpepper Cattle Co. "  1972  . Later , he showed up on such series as "  Mod Squad , " "  The Waltons , " "  Police Woman , " "  Mork & Mindy , " "  Lou Grant , " "  Gun Shy , " "  Magnum , P.I. " and "  The X-Files . " Lewis was a co-founder of the spoken-word performance group Celestial Navigations , working with musician and songwriter Geoff Levin . People we 've lost in 2015 © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Geoffrey Lewis appeared in many movies , TV shows Actor was frequently collaborator with Clint Eastwood Actress Juliette Lewis , his daughter , called him "  my hero "
CNN  -- Another University of California official expressed dismay about the recent use of pepper spray by police on Occupy Davis protesters . UC Board of Regents chair Sherry Lansing said she was "  shocked and appalled " by images of police actions during the protest last week on the campus of University of California Davis . "  We regents share your passion and your conviction for the University of California , " Lansing said in a video statement released Monday . "  And we want all of you to know we fully and unequivocally support your right to protest peacefully . " Lansing 's statement came the same day that the chancellor of UC Davis made a public apology for the incident . "  I am here to apologize , " were the first words Chancellor Linda P.B. Katehi said through a microphone after climbing onto a small stage erected on the university 's "  quad " for Occupy supporters . "  I really feel horrible for what happened on Friday . " Video of police pepper-spraying nonviolent demonstrators at a sitting protest Friday on the UC Davis campus has sparked widespread criticism , including calls for Katehi 's resignation . "  If you think you do n't want to be students in a university like we had on Friday , " Katehi said , "  I 'm just telling you I do n't want to be the chancellor of the university we had on Friday . " The statement triggered cries of "  Resign ! " from the crowd . Occupy roundup : A fallout , a silent protest and a new encampment The university said it has placed two police officers and the police chief on administrative leave in the wake of the incident , while officials investigate officers ' use of pepper spray against protesters . Time : Watch video of police pepper-spraying and arresting students A group of about a dozen protesters sat on a path with their arms interlocked as police moved in to clear out a protest encampment affiliated with the Occupy Wall Street movement Friday . Most of the protesters had their heads down as a campus police officer walked down the line , spraying them in their faces in a sweeping motion . "  I was shocked , " Sophia Kamran , one of the protesters subjected to the spray , said Saturday . "  When students are sitting on the ground and no way of moving to be violent , being totally peaceful , I do n't understand the use of pepper spray against them . " The school said 10 protesters arrested were given misdemeanor citations for unlawful assembly and failure to disperse . Eleven were treated for the effects of pepper spray , which burns the eyes and nose , causing coughing , gagging and shortness of breath . The Davis Faculty Association , citing incidents at other campuses , demanded "  that the chancellors of the University of California cease using police violence to repress nonviolent political protests . " It called for greater attention to cuts in state funding to education and rising tuition . Its board demanded Katehi resign , saying she exhibited "  gross failure of leadership . " On Saturday , Katehi called the officers ' actions "  chilling " and said the video "  raises many questions about how best to handle situations like this . " But she refused calls from faculty members and others for her to step down , saying she did not violate campus policies . CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed this report .	The UC Board of Regents chair says she supports the right to protest peacefully The UC Davis chancellor apologizes and says she feels "  horrible " about the incident Video of police pepper-spraying demonstrators sparks widespread criticism The school has placed the police chief and two officers on administrative leave
Australian residents lived in fear of a "  megafire " Monday as dozens of bush blazes threaten to converge after already consuming thousands of hectares of land . Officials also warned that a smoke cloud over Sydney may affect residents ' health , as the broken promise of rain may make firefighters ' already daunting task more difficult . "  The fuel bed is very , very dry . We 've had a series of high wind , high temperature , low humidity days . That causes fires to run quite hard . For instance , the fire that started last Thursday ran 35 kilometers in one day , " said Stuart Midgely , a New South Wales Rural Fire Service incident controller and the top coordinator for the Blue Mountains blaze . As Wednesday promises more wind and higher temperatures , crews are working "  to get containment lines in as deep as we can before that bad weather comes back and potentially blows the fires back up again , " he said . Compounding matters is "  fairly widespread " lightning in western New South Wales , storms that are being accompanied by little to no rain , said Rural Fire Service Commissioner Shane Fitzsimmons . "  We are not expecting any meaningful rainfall to be of any benefit across any of the current fire grounds , " he said , noting that the rain forecast for the weekend never materialized . What you need to know about wildfires Destruction spreading The fires are swallowing up large areas of bush in New South Wales , Australia 's most populous state , where authorities have declared a state of emergency . More than 200 homes have been damaged or destroyed . One in three Australians live in New South Wales . In at least one town , Bilpin , firefighters were forced to stop containing the fire to focus instead on protecting homes . Forecasts of high temperatures , low humidity and strong winds over the next few days in the Blue Mountains region , west of Sydney , have state officials especially concerned . Sixty-two fires are raging in the state , 14 of them out of control , authorities said Monday . More than 1,000 firefighters are battling the blazes that have burned 116,167 hectares  about 287,000 acres  -- an area roughly the size of Los Angeles . Local officials fear that three large fires spreading through the Blue Mountains could merge to form one huge inferno . "  If they do join up and push to the south , there is the potential that many heavily inhabited suburbs along the Great Western Highway in our Blue Mountains region may be directly impacted by fire , " said Alex Chesser , a spokesman for the fire service . "  It is unusual to see fires this size so close to Sydney , " he said . "  And this one does pose a significant amount of risk to hundreds of thousands of properties in the Blue Mountains area , should the wind change . " Anatomy of a bush fire : How Australia 's explosive forest fires work Total fire ban The state of emergency issued by authorities gives firefighters and police the authority to carry out measures such as cutting off water , power and gas and ordering mandatory evacuations of areas at risk . Firefighters in the Blue Mountains worked hard Monday "  back-burning " -- using small , controlled fires to burn away flammable material in a bush fire 's expected path -- to try to get the upper hand on the most threatening fires . A total fire ban is in place for the Greater Sydney region until further notice , officials have said , meaning no fire may be lit in the open , and all fire permits are suspended . The fires have spread a cloak of smog over Sydney in recent days . The bush fires in the area spread out of control Thursday amid high temperatures and powerful winds . Emergency officials said the region is emerging from a very dry winter and has had little rain in recent months . The causes of the Blue Mountains fires are still under investigation -- officials are looking into whether one major blaze was caused by a military training exercise . 2 boys arrested Police said Monday they had arrested two boys , age 11 and 15 , over two earlier bush fires in the Port Stephens area , more than 100 kilometers  60 miles  north of Sydney , that began October 13 . One of the fires they are accused of starting burned more than 5,000 hectares  12,000 acres  in the surrounding area . The 11-year-old has been charged with two counts of intentionally causing fire and being reckless as to its spread , NSW Police Force said , and the 15-year-old is expected to be charged . The linking of the boys to the start of those fires has come as "  quite a shock to the local community , to authorities and to the fire crews who have been working so hard to put these fires out , " said Cameron Price , a reporter from Sky News Australia . One volunteer firefighter , Michael Green , reported making a harrowing drive through the fire lines to his home in the mountain town of Dargan . He said he and his wife could feel the intense heat through their windows . The fire had passed , but burned trees were still glowing red and the hot spots "  were still quite severe , " he said . "  It was a bit risky , but I had to get home to see if the house was all right , and the dog , " Green said . They were . "  It 's just a lucky wind change , " said Green , who shot video of his dash through the burned-out countryside on Thursday . "  The winds were blowing right up , and at the last minute , they changed into a southerly , which took it away from the actual house . " At least one death has been reported . A 63-year-old man died of a suspected heart attack Friday while defending his home against a blaze on the New South Wales Central Coast , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , or ABC , reported . Walter Lindner collapsed while working alongside his neighbor to save his heritage-listed homestead , according to ABC .	Officials worry about smoke cloud over Sydney , lack of rain in area Fourteen out of 62 bush fires in New South Wales are out of control , officials say More than 116,167 hectares  287,000 acres  of land has been burned Two boys , age 11 and 15 , are arrested over two fires north of Sydney last week
CNN  -- A Major League Baseball player was stabbed to death Monday in the Netherlands , police said . Greg Halman , 24 , was found dead just after 5 a.m. Monday in Rotterdam , a police spokeswoman said . Investigators arrested his 22-year-old brother , she said . Halman played center field for the Seattle Mariners . Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig issued a statement expressing his condolences to the team . "  The loss of a talented 24-year-old young man like Greg , amid such tragic circumstances , is painful for all of us throughout the game , " Selig said . Betra Dorrestijn , a spokeswoman for the Royal Baseball and Softball Union of the Netherlands , said Halman 's family confirmed his death to the federation . "  We are shocked to hear that Gregory Halman has passed away , " she said . "  It is tragic that he should die at such a young age . " Halman was a federation member when he played baseball as a teenager for an amateur team in his hometown of Haarlem , just outside Amsterdam , before going to the United States to play , Dorrestijn said . Halman made his Major League debut on September 23 , 2010 , and went on to play 44 games with the Seattle Mariners , Major League Baseball said . He finished the 2011 season with 20 hits , including two home runs , in 87 plate appearances , according to figures from Major League Baseball . "  I only knew Greg for a brief time , but I feel lucky that I had the chance to get to know him , " Mariners Manager Eric Wedge said in a statement . "  He was a fine young man with a bright future . Greg had a tremendous energy about him , both on and off the field , that I loved . This is just tragic . That 's all I can think , that this is so tragic and sad . "	NEW : "  This is so tragic and sad , " Seattle Mariners manager says Selig calls Halman 's death "  painful " for the baseball community Halman , 24 , was stabbed to death Monday in Rotterdam , police say He played center field for the Seattle Mariners
CNN  -- For three decades , Mike and Sue Sibson expected the normal ups and downs that come with working a South Dakota farm and raising two kids . But when circumstances forced the Sibsons to let an oil pipeline bisect their property in 2009 , it darkened their view of the American dream . "  I do n't feel as free as I used to be , " says Mike Sibson . "  I do n't trust anybody anymore . " In 2006 , oil pipeline operators knocked on the Sibsons ' door and began talks aimed at burying a 1.25-mile long , 30-inch wide steel pipeline four feet under the middle of their Miner County farm . The Sibsons said they did n't want it , but the pipeline operator , TransCanada , claimed eminent domain . That left the Sibsons and many of the neighbors with little choice but to allow construction . Although TransCanada paid the Sibsons an undisclosed sum in a sealed settlement to use the land , "  It 's really not about the money , " said Mike Sibson . "  It 's actually about how they can come in and take your land and do whatever the heck they want with it . " Ever since , the Sibsons say they 've worried about leaks from the underground river of crude flowing about a quarter mile from their farmhouse . The pipeline , say company officials , is outfitted with a constantly monitored safety system featuring state-of-the-art technology and an emergency response plan . "  We raise cattle on grass , " said Sue Sibson . "  Our livelihood is that grass out there , and if that gets ruined , we 're out of business . " Some experts fear two issues that were blamed for the Gulf tragedy -- spotty government oversight and emergency response -- could result in a disastrous spill somewhere along America 's approximately 170,000 miles of oil pipelines . In May and then again in June , TransCanada reported small oil leaks at two pumping stations near the Sibson farm -- one less than two miles up the pipeline . Mike Sibson complains that TransCanada should have alerted his family about the incidents . "  I might be the first one to spot a leak because I ca n't depend on them to get the job done . " "  No sense in alarming them , " said TransCanada Vice President Robert Jones . "  There was no concern with regard to the environment or public safety with these very , very small , isolated incidents . " Significant hazardous oil pipeline spills spiked during the past 20 years at 176 in 1994 and dipped to their lowest level -- 99 -- last year , according to federal statistics . The Gulf disaster and then Michigan 's 800,000-gallon pipeline oil spill in July has put the pipeline industry under a microscope and placed more pressure on TransCanada during a critical time . The Calgary-based company is seeking U.S. permission to build a new oil pipeline stretching from Alberta , Canada , to refineries on the Texas Gulf Coast more than 1,600 miles to the south . The project is billed as an "  energy security " project aimed at reducing U.S. dependence on Mideast crude . Environmental groups have mounted a campaign against the project , which TransCanada has named Keystone XL . Oil pumped through Keystone XL would come from Canada 's fuel-rich sand , which produces what the Natural Resources Defense Council calls "  some of the dirtiest , most destructive oil on the face of the Earth . " They say processing the fuel involves strip mining valuable forests and burning it yields more pollution than other kinds of oil . The Environmental Protection Agency is recommending that the State Department , which will ultimately approve or deny the project , assess the implications of committing to a "  relatively high carbon source of oil . " Also , the NRDC warns that the pipeline would threaten one of America 's largest underground sources of fresh water , the 175,000-square-mile High Plains Aquifer . It provides water to 1.9 million people and irrigation for thousands of square miles of farmland throughout eight states . "  If there was to be a spill that would contaminate that aquifer , we would be looking at a disaster in terms of livelihoods and ecosystems of the magnitude of the Gulf oil spill , " said the NRDC 's Susan Casey-Lefkowitz . The aquifer runs under portions of Nebraska 's geologically unique grassy dunes known as Sand Hills , where many bird species rest during migration . "  I would worry about an oil spill in the Sand Hills more than any other area I can think of , " said John Gates , an Oxford-trained professor of hydrology at the University of Nebraska . "  The ground is sandy and steep . In a worst-case scenario , oil could easily move from the surface through the sand to the aquifer . " TransCanada is very confident , said Jones , that its safety systems will protect the region 's natural resources from the flow of oil . "  We have measures in both design and operations to ensure protection of the aquifer , " he said . Much of the technology protecting the pipeline would be centered at TransCanada 's Calgary communications hub , using satellites and land-based backup communication lines to remotely monitor pipeline valves and pumping stations for possible spills , said Jones . Every five seconds , remote sensors along the pipeline will transmit data via the satellite and land lines measuring conditions inside the pipe , including pressure , temperature and oil-flow speed . Computers are programmed to automatically shut down the pipeline when the data indicates trouble . The system is manned 24/7/365 by operators who can view the entire pipeline network or a single valve or pipe , Jones said . "  The time in which we can isolate those valves from this control center takes about three minutes , " Jones said . "  Then immediately the operation control center dispatches emergency response personnel to the scene . " Typically a first responder would confirm the spill and assesses whether local emergency officials should secure the scene for public safety , said Jones . The oil is then isolated , cleaned up and any affected soil is remediated . Officials also notify regulators , per federal safety mandates . But problems with newer pipelines might not pose the largest concern among industry leaders . A bigger threat may be aging pipelines . Leading industry analyst Richard Kuprewicz of Accufacts Inc. urged Congress in July to strengthen laws regarding pipeline repairs . He specifically cited corrosion of the pipe material , "  because corrosion right now is the leading cause of failure for liquid pipelines in the U.S. , " Kuprewicz told CNN . Nationwide , some pipeline operators are "  disregarding some of the more practical things they need to be doing ... like corrosion monitoring . " Kuprewicz wants the law to require operators to disclose more details about their pipeline repairs , answering questions that would help regulators track and predict pipe failures . Was the pipe repair related to corrosion ? Was it related to third-party damage ? Was it related to the material of the pipe ? This information , if reported by operators , might help the entire industry sidestep disaster , suggested Kuprewicz . How worried should Americans be about these aging pipelines -- some of them hidden right under our feet ? "  I would n't say we 're in a total state of chaos , " he said . "  But we are getting concerned . " None of the assurances from TransCanada or the prospect of improved safety rules changes Mike Sibson 's view on the pipeline that cuts through the heart of his farm . It likely will remain buried there for generations . "  We 've done good through the years and we 're quite successful -- but here 's one thing that could take me out , " he said . "  And there 's not a thing I can do about it . "	Family fears oil pipeline on their farm will leak and ruin their livelihood TransCanada plans 1,661-mile oil pipeline across key U.S. water supply Opponent : Situation threatens ecosystems at a magnitude of the Gulf spill TransCanada : Oil shutoff possible in minutes , followed by emergency response
New York  CNN  -- New York police arrested 50 protesters Saturday on what organizers from Occupy Wall Street were dubbing a day to "  re-occupy , " coinciding with the movement 's three-month anniversary . Those arrested were charged with trespassing after they attempted to scale a fence belonging to a church in lower Manhattan , NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said . Browne added that the arrests "  may have stymied plans to cut through the fence on multiple sides . " The fence protected an area of Duarte Park that is owned by Trinity Church . Though supportive of the movement , the Rev. James H. Cooper , the rector of the church , said he does not believe setting up a tent city at Duarte Park enhances its mission or that of the protesters . "  The vacant lot has no facilities to sustain a winter encampment , " Cooper said in a statement Saturday . "  In good conscience and faith , we strongly believe to do so would be wrong , unsafe , unhealthy , and potentially injurious . " A spokesman for Occupy Wall Street expressed disappointment that the movement did not get more support from the church . "  Churches have been supportive venues -- it is a shame that this came to this , " Karanja Gacuca said . Protesters are looking for a new home after being evicted last month from the city 's Zuccotti Park -- the movement 's physical birthplace -- when a New York Supreme Court judge ruled that they could protest at the park , but not camp out . Upon hearing of the protesters ' plan to set up camp at the church , officials from the Episcopal Church , which oversees Trinity , warned Friday that demonstrators would be subject to police and legal action should they attempt to trespass on the property . "  In a country where all people can vote and Trinity 's door to dialogue is open , it is not necessary to forcibly break into property , " Archbishop Desmond Tutu said in a statement Friday . Gacuca said Saturday that protesters are n't "  interested in seizing property -- we are interested in justice and expressing our frustrations . " "  The area we 're talking about is empty and vacant . It is a tragedy because it is a waste of resource , " he said . Earlier , Occupy Wall Street protesters gathered in Duarte Park for speeches and music . Protesters called Saturday "  part of a call to re-occupy in the wake of the coordinated attacks and subsequent evictions of occupations across the nation and around the world , " according to their website . It is unclear when the arrested protesters will be released . A smaller number of Occupy participants marched to Times Square on Saturday night .	Those arrested attempted to scale a fence belonging to a church , NYPD spokesman says The arrests "  may have stymied plans to cut through the fence on multiple sides , " police say Church rector says the lot is un-equipped for a winter encampment Occupy spokesman expresses disappointment with the church 's position
CNN  -- The United Nations chief warned international donors Sunday not to put complex reform demands on Afghanistan as it seeks billions in aid , saying the country was at a critical stage in its development . Concerns over widespread corruption in Afghanistan have overshadowed recent efforts to raise reconstruction and development aid to help Afghans maintain fragile economic and social gains as U.S.-led NATO troops withdraw from the country . "  We must be fully conscious that Afghan institutions are still in their nascent stages , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told representatives of more than 80 nations and organizations attending an aid conference in Tokyo . "  The very programs which offer the best hope of sustainability of Afghan institutions should not be held hostage to complex preconditions . " The Afghan Central Bank estimates that at least $ 6 billion a year is needed over the next decade in economic investment in the country , which the World Bank describes as one of the 10 poorest in the world . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said about $ 16 billion was pledged for Afghanistan over four years by donors at the conference , though the amount did not include money from the United States because any foreign aid must be approved by Congress . "  The United States will request from our Congress assistance for Afghanistan at or near the levels of the past decade through the year 2017 , " she said in remarks . The United States has spent roughly $ 18.8 billion spent in aid to Afghanistan over the past decade , more than to any other country . Weariness over the decade-long war in Afghanistan and a global economic downturn are raising questions about whether donors will commit to large handouts over the next decade without substantial , substantive reform in Afghanistan . At the meeting , Afghan President Hamid Karzai vowed the government was taking reform steps . "  I recognize , ladies and gentlemen , the success of our developing partnership will depend on our mutual ability to be accountable , and to prove our practices so the hard-earned dollars of your taxpayers are used effectively and transparently , " Karzai said . But Karzai has made promises of government reform before with little result . A majority of corruption cases have failed to yield prosecutions , and U.S. officials have said some of those investigated had close ties to Karzai . Poverty and corruption are widespread in Afghanistan . It came in 172nd out of 187 countries in the United Nations ' 2011 Human Development Index , which ranks nations based on life expectancy , education and living standards . Video : Taliban shoot woman 9 times in public execution as men cheer Questions were raised after the United Nations announced an investigation in June into its Afghanistan development fund that pays the salaries of Afghan police amid allegations of misuse of funds . That same month , before the Afghan parliament , Karzai called for new government reforms and accountability . "  President Karzai has made a strong public commitment to stamping corruption , implementing key reforms , and building Afghanistan 's institutions , " Clinton said . "  We will support him and the government in that endeavor to enable Afghanistan to move toward self-reliance and away from dependence on donor assistance . " Karzai told potential donors in Tokyo that Afghanistan 's economy remains underdeveloped , its private sector was "  embryonic " and its vast natural resources were largely untapped . "  Today , I request Afghanistan 's friends and partners reassure the Afghan people that you will be with us as we seek to strengthen Afghanistan as a peaceful , democratic and self-reliant country , " he said during prepared remarks . "  And to translate your commitments into tangible actions . " Clinton said she was pleased by the $ 16 billion in pledges , calling it "  sustained economic support that will help Afghanistan meet its fiscal needs even as assistance declines . " Under a security pact with Afghanistan , nearly all U.S.-led NATO troops will withdraw from the country by the end of 2014 . The donations in development aid are in addition to more than $ 4 billion a year between 2015 and 2017 pledged by NATO allies in May to pay for the growth and training of Afghan security forces . Taking place on the side at the meeting were anticipated three-way talks between Pakistan , Afghanistan and the United States . In earlier comments , Clinton said there would be a meeting on the "  ministerial level " between three countries . Karzai and Clinton arrived at the Tokyo meeting a day after the secretary made a visit to Kabul where she announced the United States was naming Afghanistan a major non-NATO ally . The relationship is beneficial during the transition as both nations prepare for post-2014 , according to Clinton . By granting such ally status , it makes Afghanistan eligible to receive military training and assistance , including expediting the sales and leasing of military equipment long after NATO troops leave . Afghanistan joins Japan , Pakistan , Egypt , Israel and Australia , among others , granted major non-NATO ally status by the United States . Unlike NATO allies of the United States , who are bound together by a joint defense pact , there is no mutual defense guarantee as a non-NATO ally . Roadside bombs kill dozens in Afghanistan U.S. designates Afghanistan a major ally , creates defense ties Clinton stops in Afghanistan during marathon trip	International donors pledge $ 16 billion in development aid to Afghanistan The Afghan Central Bank estimates at least $ 6 billion a year is needed The pledges do not include donations by the United States The delivery of development aid coincides with the departure of NATO troops
CNN  -- Hundreds of small earthquakes have rumbled under northwestern Nevada like a seismic drumroll since midsummer , and in recent days , they have built to a crescendo . This does not necessarily mean a big one will come , state seismologists said , but they added that it 's good to be prepared , just in case . Seismologists refer to such quake groupings as swarms , and the U.S. Geological Survey has detected them regularly . They can produce thousands of small tremors . In September , for example , about 500 miniquakes struck southeastern California in about two days . The largest topped out at a magnitude 3.8 -- a strength that could be felt but was not dangerous . For months But the Nevada swarm buzzing in and around the Sheldon National Wildlife Refuge has gone on since July 12 . In recent days -- since October 30 -- they have grown stronger , with three over magnitude 4.0 . The strongest one weighed in Tuesday at magnitude 4.6 -- approaching the threshold of a lightly damaging quake . "  There is a slightly elevated risk of a larger earthquake while the swarm is active , " said seismologist Ian Madin from neighboring Oregon . This swarm looks much like two previous swarms that produced somewhat strong earthquakes , the Nevada Seismological Laboratory says . Similar swarms In 1968 , in nearby Adel , Oregon , a swarm lasting several months produced three quakes of about magnitude 5 . "  The Adel swarm caused moderate damage , " the NSL said . Another , shorter swarm near Reno , Nevada , in 2008 led to a magnitude 5 quake and caused moderate local damage . The vast majority of the current Nevada swarm 's quakes have been undetectable to people walking around on top of them . Since they started four months ago , Nevada Seismological Laboratory has recorded around 550 quakes of magnitude 2 or higher , and 42 with intensities above 3.0 . The center of the activity is in a sparsely populated area , the USGS says . There are two towns about 40 miles away , each with a population of about 2,500 . How earthquakes are measured	Hundreds of mainly low-magnitude quakes have been recorded Such groups of quakes are called swarms They are happening in and around a national wildlife refuge in Nevada Seismologists record swarms on a regular basis ; in September there was one in California
EW.com  -- "  Hello , Brooklyn ! " Barbra Streisand called out to her hometown 's swanky new Barclay 's Center early on in her three-plus hour concert . The last time she did a solo show in Brooklyn , she told the cheering crowd , was when she was 8 and singing on a stoop on Pulaski Street . Remember that , she asked her brother who was in the audience ?  In case you 're wondering , he scored good seats , not great . She looked singularly Streisandly , in a shiny black number that had enough sheer to show off those famous legs . "  You like the dress ? " she asked the crowd . "  Good ! Donna Karan ! " She complimented a member of the audience who must have been wearing a souvenir shirt . "  Did you buy it in the shop ? " she asked . "  It 's cheaper online . " In other words , not much new material to be had tonight . But who wanted it ? Certainly not concertgoers Katie Couric  who spent the intermission on her cell phone trying to find her friend 's seat  , Michael Strahan , or Jill Zarin  clad in a very Stevie Nicks-meets-Pucci ensemble  . Despite waking up with a cold  "  I 'm drinking chicken soup " she told the crowd of what she was sipping in her mug that sat next to â $ " of course â $ " a vase of roses  , Streisand impressively powered through "  Enough is Enough , " "  Bewitched Bothered and Bewildered , " and "  Do n't Rain on My Parade . " Sometimes her voice sounded strained , but more often the rasp worked for her . Her tribute to composer Marvin Hamlisch , who recently passed away , managed to be extremely touching , even as she read scripted lines off a teleprompter . She honored him with a mashup of "  The Way We Were " and the completely awesome and underappreciated theme to Ice Castles . Who knew Marvin Hamlisch wrote that ? Also , look out for the roses , Lexie ! When Barbra was n't singing or sipping chicken soup , there were other people to keep our ears busy . A lot of other people . First , Il Volo came out to remind us that Il Divo does n't have the monopoly on young Italian tenors . Then hottie trumpet player Chris Botti came out and jammed with the drummer . Finally , Streisand 's son Jason Gould showed up for some awkward banter  "  She likes to touch my hair , " he told the audience  and a solo song . Yes , Jason Gould got to sing a solo song to thousands of people , though I 'm not entirely sure he 'd make it through Hollywood week on American Idol . "  I am so proud of him , " beamed his mama . Fans got to ask questions and we now know that Barbra likes smooth and all natural peanut butter , instead of chunky and chemical-filled . Other than that , she repeated her already-used "  I hope no one tells -LSB- Mitt Romney -RSB- how to get to Sesame Street or Pennsylvania Avenue " line . She also told the crowd she does n't sing Yiddish songs . Come on , there 's only so much of Brooklyn she can embrace . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Barbra Streisand three-plus hour concert took place at Brooklyn 's new Barclay 's Center She wore a shiny black number that had enough sheer to show off those famous legs Streisand powered through "  Enough is Enough " and "  Do n't Rain on My Parade " Her tribute to composer Marvin Hamlisch , who recently passed away , was extremely touching
CNN  -- One of South America 's largest historical archives -- 35 million pages that chronicle widespread killing , forced disappearances and torture committed by Brazilian military rulers from 1964 to 1985 -- is rotting away in an obscure government building in Brazil 's capital . Carlos Fico , a leading historian of the so-called "  lead years " in Brazil , confirmed accounts first reported in the Brazilian newspaper Folha de Sao Paulo about deteriorating conditions at the Brazilian national archives building . Fico -- who has led an academic commission to study classified documents relating to that era -- said Brazil 's government suddenly made a large amount of classified documents available to the public . That resulted in an avalanche of military documents that have now been jammed into every corner of the government archives building , including bathrooms . As court orders continue to force military jurisdictions throughout Brazil to send in their documents , the building can not handle the load , Fico told CNN . And , left unattended , the papers are rotting . "  I have been to the building in Brasilia and I can tell you that it was not made for archiving documents , " he said . "  There are some serious implications in terms of fire threats and the amount of history being stored there in the last eight years . " A press official with Brazil 's government said Sunday that President Luiz Lula Inacio da Silva has not responded to the Folha de Sao Paulo report . Eight years ago , victims ' rights groups and academics successfully sued for access to classified documents from the years of military rule in Brazil , a period known for covert military operations against civilians who were deemed subversive to the right-wing military . Many suspects who ran afoul of the military rulers often were punished with torture and many people disappeared . Artists , journalists and students and members of South America 's intelligentsia were often implicated . So were activists and church members . Thousands went "  missing " in Brazil and neighboring nations also ruled by military leaders , human rights observers and journalists claim . The Brazilian archive , growing but perishing rapidly as victims ' group seek greater access to information , contains details ranging from Brazil 's role in the overthrow of the government of Chilean leader Salvador Allende in 1973 , to dealings between the United States government and the Brazilian junta , to the vast spying network on artists and the media , Fico said . "  We already know a lot about U.S. involvement , but the most important part of these documents is regarding the ... repressive activities conducted by the Brazilian military as it collaborated with neighboring countries , " said Fico . The Brazilian archives shed light on the role of Brazil 's leadership in collaborating with neighboring military rulers who , according to human rights observers , committed serious human rights abuses against innocent civilians . "  The preservation of these documents is important to our history and is crucial to victims ' families who are seeking the truth and some form indemnity for their missing loved ones , " said Fico .	One of South America 's largest historical archives perishing Archives important to victims ' groups Thousands disappeared during the so-called "  lead years "
CNN  -- The newly-rescued Sauber team have been awarded the 13th place on the grid for the 2010 Formula One season . Motorsport 's world ruling body the FIA revealed on Thursday that the Switzerland-based team will take the place of Toyota , who have decided to quit F1 . Pete Sauber bought back the outfit from BMW last week after the German car manufacturer also decided to pull out of racing 's premier category . The 66-year-old had run his own marque for 13 years before selling a majority holding to BMW in 2005 , and he will again be at the helm after agreeing a deal which saved the team 's Hinwil headquarters . "  The FIA has written to inform BMW Sauber AG that their application for an entry in the 2010 FIA Formula One World Championship has been successful , " the governing body said in a statement on its Web site . "  Subject to their signing the Concorde Agreement , BMW Sauber will be awarded the 13th entry in the championship , taking the place of the departing Toyota team . "  The FIA has worked closely with the commercial rights holder  Bernie Ecclestone  and the teams involved over recent weeks , and is grateful for their support in achieving the best outcome for the sport . " Sauber have yet to indicate who next year 's drivers will be , having finished sixth in the team standings in 2009 with Poland 's Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld of Germany at the wheel .	Newly-rescued Sauber team have been awarded the 13th place on the F1 grid Motorsport 's governing body the FIA says Sauber will take the place of Toyota in 2010 Toyota have decided to pull out of motor racing 's premier category due to the recession BMW had also pulled out but were bought out by former owner Pete Sauber
CNN  -- During her darkest hours in captivity , former Colombian hostage Ingrid Betancourt considered death preferable to her ordeal , she said in an interview with CNN 's "  Connect the World . " Betancourt , who was kidnapped in 2002 during her campaign for the presidency and rescued in 2008 , wrote about her experience in a new book , "  Even Silence Has an End . " She recalled that late in her captivity at the hands of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , she became very ill . FARC declined to give her medication , and had her lie in a hammock for months , she said . Betancourt had seen other hostages die in similar circumstances in the jungle . "  And because I was in so much in pain in my body and I was kind of unplugging mentally , in the sense that I could n't just concentrate on anything , I thought that perhaps it was a good moment to just , you know , " Betancourt said , referring to dying . In that moment , she said , she preferred death because it would reunite her with her father . "  And , also , I thought that it could be a liberation thing for my children , because they had to stop their lives , " Betancourt said . That feeling was just one episode in her 6 1/2 years in captivity . Writing the book , she said , brought her to "  very deep memories , to places I thought I had forgotten and to situations that were very painful . " The writing process would leave her physically exhausted at the end of the day . Betancourt was freed in a high-profile helicopter rescue mission in July 2008 . Colombian commandos posed as humanitarian aid workers to free the group , which included three U.S. military contractors and 11 Colombian police and military members . Her book is not the first to touch on her time as a hostage . In a memoir published last year , the U.S. military contractors rescued along with Betancourt painted an unflattering portrait of the dual citizen of France and Colombia , describing her as someone who hoarded belongings and let her temper flare during their time in the rebel camp . For her part , Betancourt admits that she was not the most popular . "  We hear the news and they talk about the hostages and the only name that comes up on and on and on is mine , " she said . "  By not having their names , it was just another humiliation . It was just another torture for them , not knowing if people knew they were there , what was happening with their families . " The guerrillas who held them were also keen on keeping the hostages divided . This , she suspects , was so that they would not unite and attempt an escape together . Much of the guerrillas ' treatment of their hostages was meant to be cruel and designed to strip away their identities , Betancourt said . "  So , for me , it was important to preserve my dignity in the sense of preserving my soul , preserving the things that I thought were important for me to give . And that was a struggle , " she said . One way she did this was by showing defiance . When her captors ordered the hostages to identify themselves by numbers , she refused . Although her fellow hostages started counting off , when it came to be her turn , she just answered , "  Ingrid Betancourt . " "  I did n't want to be a number . I did n't want to be an object , " she said . "  They were referring to us like cargo . And I thought that was horrible . And I did n't want them to get away with that . So I think I was a little like a troublemaker , in some aspects . " That streak also partly led to divisions between her and the other hostages , she said . After such lows , how did Betancourt survive the long years ? "  To put it in just one word , I think it was love , " she said . "  The love of my children and the love of my mother . " Reflecting on the current political situation in Colombia , the former candidate said that the country is in better shape than when she was abducted . There remains , however , what she called a crucial problem : a disconnect between those who live in the cities very comfortably , and those in the countryside who are affected by the violence of the FARC and other rebel groups . "  We have 4 million misplaced people in Colombia . And that 's because of the war , " she said .	Ingrid Betancourt says she favored death over captivity at one point She was kidnapped in 2002 and rescued in 2008 She described herself as a bit of a troublemaker during her captivity Betancourt admits she was not the most popular captive
