CNN  -- A federal appeals court offered dramatically different views on Tuesday over the constitutionality and scope of Virginia 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage . The Virginia petition and similar ones across the county confront a questioned unanswered by the U.S. Supreme Court : whether the Constitution guarantees equal protection for same-sex civil marriage . A ruling from the three-judge panel of 4th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals could perhaps come as early as next month . It would affect marriage laws in those states within the court 's jurisdiction : Virginia , Maryland , West Virginia , North Carolina and South Carolina . Only Maryland has legalized same-sex marriage . A federal judge in February struck down Virginia 's ban on constitutional grounds , the first time that had been done in a traditionally southern state . Ban formalized in 2006 The prohibition has effectively been in place since Colonial days , but only incorporated into the state 's constitution in 2006 . That ruling continued a near-unbroken string of state and federal court victories nationwide in the past year , giving marriage-equality supporters unbridled encouragement that their ultimate goal will be achieved : striking all laws limiting the rights of homosexuals to wed. . A state judge in Arkansas on Friday struck down a similar prohibition , and same-sex couples in Little Rock had lined up over the weekend to get marriage licenses . Gay and lesbian couples in Virginia can not marry in the state until the current case is fully resolved . That may not happen until the Supreme Court decides whether to review the constitutional issues pending in several states , a process that may not begin at the earliest until later this year . Court asked to defer to voters What the three judges in Richmond seemed to agree on Tuesday was that both sides of the issue were using the intermediate court as "  way-station up  Interstate  95 " to the Supreme Court , where the social , political , and legal debate will ultimately and almost certainly be resolved . In the 70-minute argument , lawyers opposing same-sex marriage urged the judges to defer the issue to voters and "  the democratic process . " Austin Nimocks of the Alliance Defending Freedom said procreation and stable families were a key component of state laws supporting "  traditional " marriage between one man and one woman . Judges weigh in But Judge Roger Gregory repeatedly pressed counsel to explain why loving gay and lesbian couples should be treated differently , saying those arguments were "  disingenuous . " "  You can be in prison and still get married . Yet because of a person 's sexual orientation ,  gay couples  ca n't marry , " said Gregory , who was appointed by George W. Bush . "  That sounds like a totalitarian system " opponents of same-sex marriage were advocating . But Judge Paul Niemeyer suggested because the idea of same-sex marriage is a relatively recent issue in the courts and public consciousness , states could recognize gay and lesbian couples as "  Relationship B , " different from the long-held concept of marriage between opposite sex couples . He questioned whether this "  brand new relationship " is fundamental to constitutional protection , or something states should have the discretion to address as they see fit . The third member of the panel , Judge Henry Floyd , named to the court by President Barack Obama , asked few questions and his vote could swing the outcome . ` Second class relationship ' Theodore Olson , among a group of lawyers representing the same-sex plaintiffs , told the court the state 's law viewed his clients as being in a "  second class relationship . " Virginia 's governor and attorney general , sworn into office in January , have reversed course from previous administrations and say they will not defend the current ban . "  I concluded that based on precedent marriage is a fundamental right protected by the U.S. Constitution , " said Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring . Other states have also refused to defend current bans , including Kentucky , Nevada , Oregon , and Pennsylvania . Seventeen states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage within its borders : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont , and Washington . Massachusetts on Saturday will mark the 10th anniversary becoming the first state to legally wed gay and lesbian couples . A separate federal appeals court last month heard challenges to same-sex marriage bans in Utah and Oklahoma . Appeals courts in coming weeks and months will hear similar lawsuits over current bans in Nevada , Texas , Kentucky , Ohio , and Michigan . ` Equality for all Virginians ' The challenge to Virginia 's ban was brought by several plaintiffs , including Timothy Bostic and Tony London of Norfolk . "  The time has come for us and our state " to recognize same-sex marriage , said Bostic after the court session . "  We truly want equality for all Virginians . " Also bringing suit are two Richmond-area women , whose marriage was formalized in California , but is not recognized in the commonwealth . "  I continue to be raised in a loving family , " said Emily Schall Townley , the 16-year old daughter of Mary Townley and her partner Carol Schall , who have been together nearly three decades . "  These are my two moms and this is my family . " Supporters of traditional marriage between one-man and one-woman have criticized the rulings in Virginia and other states , for expanding the right to homosexuals . "  It appears that we have yet another example of an arrogant judge substituting her personal preferences for the judgment of the General Assembly and 57 percent of Virginia voters , " said Tony Perkins , president of the conservative Family Research Council . Supreme Court rulings Last June , the U.S. Supreme Court cleared the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume after it ruled private parties did not have "  standing " to defend a voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock . More importantly , the high court also rejected parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act in its 5-4 "  Windsor " decision , citing equal protection guarantees to conclude same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits , such as tax breaks . Various individuals and gay rights groups have launched more than 70 pending marriage equality lawsuits in about 30 states . As far as the broader constitutional issues that have a chance of being heard by the U.S. Supreme Court in the next year or so , this week 's Virginia case stands out -- if only because of history . It was an appeal of the so-called "  Loving " case from Virginia in the late 1960 's that led the justices to unanimously declare inter-racial marriage the law of the land .	Judges in Richmond express different views on hot-button issue The Virginia appeal is similar to others across the country They confront a question unanswered by the Supreme Court on equal protection Ruling on Virginia ban would impact several other states
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi President Jalal Talabani officially named Nuri al-Maliki to a second term as prime minister in a televised ceremony Thursday . Talabani gave a speech and handed a letter to the prime minister , asking him to form a new government after a months-long political stalemate that drew fears of a resurgence in sectarian and insurgent violence . Al-Maliki has 30 days to work with rival factions and form a government or face the prospect of losing the president 's nomination . "  I know very well , as do you , that the task I have been designated with is not an easy one , especially with Iraq 's current circumstances , " al-Maliki said . "  So I urge the great Iraqi people ... and my brothers the politicians to work on getting past all the disputes that had dominated the past stages . " Al-Maliki 's nomination came after months of delicate power-sharing negotiations within Iraq 's fledgling democracy . Earlier this month , former Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi offered a grim prediction for the future of Iraq 's government after a dramatic walkout staged by Sunni lawmakers in the Iraqiya bloc . "  We think the concept of power-sharing is dead now , " the secular Shiite said . "  It 's finished . " The Iraqiya bloc , led by Allawi , had threatened to shun negotiations on sharing power with Kurds and Shiites . But just days after the walkout , the principal political blocs agreed to establish a committee to negotiate aspects of the deal . Haidar al-Mullah , an Iraqiya member of parliament , said the walk-out was a "  misunderstanding . " His bloc will take a "  real part " in the government , he said , and will play the role of "  positive opposition " by monitoring the performance of the government . Mahmoud Othman , an Iraqi Kurdish lawmaker , said mediation efforts by Kurdish officials , Americans and the Arab League began after the walkout . President Obama and other U.S. officials praised the new power-sharing agreement . "  There are still challenges to overcome , but all indications are that the government will be representative , inclusive and reflect the will of the Iraqi people who cast their ballots in the last election , " Obama said at the G-20 summit in Seoul , South Korea this month . Under the proposed deal , the three major governmental positions were to be filled by three members of the country 's largest ethnic groups : the Shiites , the Kurds and the Sunnis . The deal also intended to create a powerful new office -- expected to be headed by Allawi , al-Maliki 's rival -- that would serve to check the new prime minister 's influence . But Allawi rejected the office , saying he would no longer take up the position . "  I personally have made up my mind . I will not be a part of this theater , " Allawi said . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	Iraqi President Jalal Talabani named Nuri al-Maliki to a second term as prime minister Al-Maliki has 30 days to work with rival factions and form a new government His nomination comes after months of delicate power-sharing negotiations
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has warned his team not to get carried away by this season 's remarkable turnaround in form . Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso will take a 34-point lead over Red Bull 's Mark Webber into Sunday 's Hungarian Grand Prix despite having almost written off the Scuderia 's title chances in preseason . After early misgivings over the 2012 car , the Spaniard now has three successes from 10 starts -- two of them in the last three grands prix . Webber , with two victories , is the only other driver to have topped the podium more than once . Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa is back in 14th overall with only 23 points , meaning second-placed Ferrari trail Red Bull by 53 points in the manufacturers ' standings after last Sunday 's race in Germany . "  I am concerned , more so than the day after Valencia  when Alonso won his second race of 2012  , " Montezemolo said on the Ferarri website ahead of the final race before Formula One 's month-long break . Latest Formula One standings "  I see very strong opponents : McLaren has made great progress , Red Bull is very strong , Sauber had a race pace that was a match for ours and Lotus is very strong at times . "  Therefore , we have to be very careful . After we had a difficult start to the season , maybe our rivals did not expect to see Ferrari capable of fighting back this strongly , but now they will redouble their efforts to beat us . Therefore , we must stay very focused and continue our efforts to improve continuously . " Alonso was third at the Hungaroring last year as Jenson Button gave McLaren a fifth victory in seven years at the circuit , which is one of the slowest on the F1 calendar . "  It 's going to be tight again . It 's a very short circuit , and as we saw this year , in two - or three-tenths there are eight , nine cars , " Alonso said on the F1 website . "  In Hungary we need to make a perfect preparation again , a perfect qualifying , because you can be starting in 12th or 13th if you make a little mistake , so we need to approach the race in the same way we did the last couple , try to maximize what we have in Hungary and hopefully bring in some new parts that can help us . McLaren chief : F1 teams must unite "  At the moment our car seems okay in all areas , there are not weak points , as maybe we had at the beginning of the season when we were suffering a little bit on traction and top speed . Now I think that we are okay on that . "  In Hungary with these slow-speed corners , I do n't see any problem with the car . We should be competitive there . " Button returned to form with second place at Hockenheim , and McLaren hope that last weekend 's upgrades will make the team even more competitive at a track where Lewis Hamilton won in 2007 and 2009 -- and former drivers Kimi Raikkonen  2005  and Heikki Kovalainen  2008  also triumphed . "  The race pace certainly enabled Jenson to stay in touch with the Red Bull and Ferraris , " said managing director Jonathan Neale . "  So on that day , on that circuit , in those conditions we were there or thereabouts . I do n't think that we are dominant and we need to continue to work very hard . But we 're pleased with it . " Button also won in Budapest for Honda in 2006 for the first victory of his career , after Raikkonen took pole position for McLaren . "  Last year  I celebrated my 200th grand prix there on the Saturday evening with some of my oldest friends and colleagues in the paddock and I went on to win on Sunday . It was the perfect weekend , " the Englishman recalled . "  There 's every reason to believe we can get another good result this year . Our pace at Hockenheim gives us cause for encouragement -- it 's just that , as always , we 'll need to run flawlessly through qualifying and the race if we 're to be in the hunt at the end . " De Villota discharged from UK hospital Red Bull 's two-time defending world champion Sebastian Vettel was second in Hungary last year , and is aiming to bounce back from last weekend 's disappointment at Hockenheim when he was demoted to fifth for an illegal late overtaking move on Button . However , the UK-based Austrian team will need to make adjustments after ruling body the FIA deemed Red Bull 's engine mapping to change the aerodynamics of the cars and therefore be illegal . "  The track is one of the slowest on the calendar , but as a driver you should n't underestimate it as there are a lot of opportunities to make mistakes , " the German said . "  It can be very hot and that means the track can be very demanding physically . In addition , the surface has many bumps which shake you around a lot . " Rain is forecast for Friday 's practice sessions , but the weather should be hot and sunny for qualifying on Saturday and the race on Sunday . "  A twisty and slippery circuit will often put more heat through the tire than a fast and flowing layout as the tire is moving around more -- particularly when the ambient temperatures are high , " said Paul Hembery , managing director of F1 's sole supplier Pirelli . "  Having said that , in Hungary last year we saw some wet weather , so it 's important not to make any assumptions . Consequently , we are still lacking some information about the performance of our slick tires under race conditions at the Hungaroring . " Meanwhile , Marussia test driver Maria de Villota has left hospital in her native Spain and will return home to recover from the crash in Britain that cost her an eye . "  The patient 's general conditions are good , which allowed us to release her , " her website reported on Thursday . "  In the last six days , she has been treated by specialists of the plastic and neurological surgery services , and the ophthalmology department , who will continue to follow her as she will need to undergo periodical checks and treatments . "  From a neurological point of view , the patient does not present any deficit and does not need any surgery . " De Villota , one of two women contracted to an F1 team this year , collided with a stationary support truck after completing her first lap at her first test outing for the UK-based Russian marque .	Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso leads F1 world championship ahead of Hungarian Grand Prix His team 's president expresses concern that main rivals will close the gap McLaren drivers have won five of the last seven races at the Hungaroring Maria de Villota leaves Spanish hospital to continue recovery from crash in Britain
CNN  -- It took a lot of effort for Leo Bonten to turn his amputated leg into a fully functional lamp . For starters , he had to break the damn thing in a freak kiddie pool accident . As one does . Seriously . That 's how it all started , thus confirming what I 've always said : "  Kiddie pools are not toys , and should only be used as giant , outdoor toilets . " I chose that as my high school yearbook quote over "  Carpe diem . " But it really happened . In July 2012 , the unfortunate Dutchman suffered a terrible break while goofing off with his cousin in south Rotterdam . Over time , the leg became infected , ignored , and more infected to the point where , in July of this year , doctors had to remove it surgically . So , Bonten , now 53 , settled in to the fact that he would be losing his right leg -- a harsh reality for an otherwise healthy and active man . But it was damaged beyond repair , and there was nothing he could do . Except , you know , maybe ask to keep it . "  It 's my leg , " he told me over the phone . "  It 's my legal right . " Sort of . We 'll get to that . Either way , he asked for it , which I 'm sure lead to a rather awkward , if not spirited , conversation with hospital administrators . "  Sir , we just ca n't give it to you . " "  Right . Well , what if I bring in my own tin foil ? " Generally speaking , hospitals use very specific protocol with amputations . For safety and sanitation reasons , they 're usually required to incinerate them . Body parts can also be buried during some sort of official funeral  and , perhaps , exhumed  with proper legal oversight . But that was an expensive option , and not one Bonten was able to afford . Though , probably worth it just to see the face of the grave digger . "  Do n't go anywhere , Dave . And hold on to that shovel . " So , Bonten would n't be doing that . There would be no funeral . Still , he wanted his leg , for he had a crazy idea . He would turn it into a lamp . Sort of like the one from Ralphie 's house in "  A Christmas Story . " But real . And significantly more severed . Thus , Bonten and the hospital entered a complicated period of legal negotiations , where they finally came to a mutual agreement after a strange set of circumstances . You see , leading up to his surgery at Erasmus Medical Center , a news reporter gave Bonten a book by Joris van Casteren about a mysterious leg found by a fisherman in the IJssel River . That book led Bonten to a pathologist named Frank van de Goot , who was more than happy to help with all this lamp nonsense . You see , as per his profession , van de Goot was able to legally obtain Bonten 's leg from the hospital after surgery . Thus , the leg was then couriered to van de Goot as specified by the law . He would inspect it . He would study it . And , ultimately , he would preserve the leg with chemicals so it could remain ... a leg . Problem solved . Almost . Someone still had to make it into a lamp . Eventually , as Bonten 's story became an even bigger media sensation , a designer named William Schaper Kotter decided to reach out and offer his services to complete the vision . This thing was actually going to happen . And now it 's done . They made a lamp out of his leg . Today , the leg sits suspended in a glass cylinder filled with a solution . Surrounding that cylinder are metal bars , symbolizing two years of physical "  imprisonment " suffered by Bonten while the leg deteriorated . Above that is an empty space . This represents the rehab period . And on the top sits a large remote-controlled LED light , flanked by two metal wings , honoring Bonten 's upcoming freedom from the help of a new limb . Which is where the story takes another twist . The issue of the prosthetic . Bonten explained to me that the one he 's getting through his insurance is not top of the line . Quite simply , he wants something better . Something stronger . Something more agile . Because , before all this , he played soccer . He ran . He boxed . It was one silly accident that changed everything . But a high-tech prosthetic will cost him . So , he decided to sell his lamp on eBay for â ‚ ¬ 100,000 -- an endeavor that lasted not even two days before the online bidding site rejected his listing . You ca n't sell human parts on eBay . On the plus side , you CAN sell used socks . Do n't ask me why I was looking . Just know that you can . So , until somebody comes to him with an offer , Bonten will just keep it at home , where he just returned after a lengthy stint in rehab . His lamp will arrive on Sunday , and he 'll finally be re-united with his leg . "  My leg is amputated , " he says , fully understanding the humor and absurdity in all this . "  But it gives me a good feeling that I still have it . " And if he wants to cover the foot with a dirty , used sock ... sadly , I know just the place . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . And prepare to be underwhelmed . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Leo Bonten broke his leg in a backyard accident in Rotterdam His leg eventually had to be amputated due to infection Bonten tried selling his leg on eBay after turning it into a lamp
CNN  -- Victor Dubuisson saw off a challenge from Justin Rose and Tiger Woods to claim the Turkish Airlines Open in Antalya on Sunday . After producing a spectacular round of 63 on Saturday , the Frenchman showed that he could do steady too , holding his nerve as a gaggle of golfing superstars waited to snatch the â ‚ ¬ 848,930  $ 1.1 million  prize from under his nose . Read more : Dubuisson goes it alone in Turkey The 23-year-old shot a three-under par final round of 69 taking him to 24-under par , two strokes clear of Welshman Jamie Donaldson and four clear of U.S. Open champion Rose and Woods , who tied for third on 20 under . Rose , who finished with a round of 65 , was first to apply the pressure on Sunday picking up six shots in the opening nine to move to within a shot of Dubuisson at one stage . But two dropped shots in the closing holes saw the Englishman lose momentum just at the wrong time . Woods , on the other hand , saved his best for last , making a late surge which saw him pick up four shots in the final six holes to finish with a round of 67 . Donaldson came closest to unseating Dubuisson with a brilliant round of 63 which included a hole-in-one at the par-three 16th . Read more : ` Dorky ' Woods reveals why Vonn is a good match The ace saw the Welshman briefly tie the lead , but with three birdies in the last four holes , Dubuisson eased clear once again , rounding off his maiden European Tour in style with a birdie at the last . "  I do n't know how to describe it . Now I do n't realise what 's happening . I felt so much pressure on the last hole , " Dubuisson said , EuropeanTour.com reported . "  Holing this putt on 17 was like ; it was incredible . It was incredible , and the birdie on 18 , it 's a bonus . But even on the last putt , I was feeling so much stress . After this day , it was the longest day on the course that I 've ever had . I 'm very proud of what I did . " Joy down under for Scott Meanwhile at the Australian PGA Championship , Adam Scott sealed a four-shot victory at Royal Pines , on Queensland 's Gold Coast . The Masters champion claimed his first home PGA title with a final round of 67 to finish on 14-under par , four clear of Rickie Fowler who fired a final round 68 . "  I 'm really proud , the PGA means a lot to me and my family and I think this is an incredible win , " said Scott . "  The PGA has been so involved in my family  father Phil is a PGA Professional  for a really long time , and it being the one I had n't won down here I really wanted it bad , " the 33-year-old added . "  It 's a special win to me , I felt an incredible support from the crowd , it was nice seeing them getting so excited for me to get a win . "	Frenchman completes his maiden European Tour win with a composed final round Justin Rose and Tiger Woods mount final round challenge but eventually fall four short Jamie Donaldson fires ace in round of 63 to claim second place Adam Scott wins his first Australian PGA Championship in Queensland
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Doctors have given a woman a new windpipe with tissue engineered from her own stem cells in what experts have hailed as a "  milestone in medicine . " Claudia Castillo , 30 , suffered from tuberculosis for years . The breakthrough allowed Claudia Castillo , 30 , to receive a new section of trachea -- an airway essential for breathing -- without the risk that her body would reject the transplant . Castillo was given the stem cell surgery , the controversial branch of medicine that some say could lead to human cloning , after suffering a severe lung collapse . The condition , caused by long-term tuberculosis left Castillo , a Colombian now living in Barcelona , unable to carry out simple domestic duties or care for her two children . The only conventional option was a major operation to remove her left lung , a risky procedure with a high mortality rate . Sound off : What do you think about this medical breakthrough ? A team from the universities of Barcelona , Spain ; Bristol , England ; and Padua and Milan , Italy , decided instead to replace Castillo 's lower trachea and bronchial tube to her left lung with a lab-grown airway . The operation , reported Wednesday in the British medical journal The Lancet , has been hailed as a major leap for medicine that could offer new hope for patients suffering from serious illness . "  Surgeons can now start to see and understand the very real potential for adult stem cells and tissue engineering to radically improve their ability to treat patients with serious diseases , " said Martin Birchall , professor of surgery at the University of Bristol , who was part of the team that did the operation . "  We believe this success has proved that we are on the verge of a new age in surgical care . " To create the new windpipe , the team took a seven-centimeter  2.75-inch  segment of trachea from a 51-year-old who had died . Over a six-week period , the team then removed all the cells from the donor trachea , because those cells could lead to rejection of the organ after transplant . All that remained of the donor 's stripped-down trachea was a matrix of collagen , a sort of scaffolding onto which the team then put Castillo 's own stem cells -- along with cells taken from a healthy part of her trachea . Birchall had already taken Castillo 's stem cells from her bone marrow and grown them into a large population in his Bristol lab . Watch Dr. Gupta explain the procedure " Four days after putting Castillo 's stem cells into the donor trachea , the team was able to perform the transplant operation at the Hospital Clinic in Barcelona . Castillo had no complications from the operation and was discharged from the hospital 10 days later . "  We are terribly excited by these results , " said Paolo Macchiarini of the University of Barcelona , who performed the operation in June . Watch Macchiarini describe the operation " Macchiarini said just four days after the operation , the transplanted windpipe was "  almost indistinguishable " from the patient 's normal bronchi . After one month , he said , the blood vessels had successfully grown back . "  We think that this first experience represents a milestone in medicine and hope that it will unlock the door for a safe and recipient-tailored transplantation of the airway in adults and children , " the authors said in their report . "  We hope that these future patients will no longer suffer the trauma of speech loss , severe shortness of breath and other limited clinical and social activities . " The doctors said Castillo is now able to care for her children and enjoy a normal quality of life . She can walk up two flights of stairs and occasionally even go out dancing at night . In a comment accompanying the Lancet report , Toshihiko Sato and Tatsuo Nakamura of Kyoto University in Japan said the operation should be highly regarded , but follow-ups from longer evaluation periods are needed to better evaluate the results .	Only a few windpipe , or trachea , transplants have ever been done . Transplant given to Claudia Castillo , a 30-year-old Colombian mother of two Woman 's stem cells used to create cartilage , tissue cells to cover new windpipe Doctors say procedure could become a new standard of treatment
New York  CNN  -- New York Mayor Bill de Blasio must have been in a hurry to get somewhere Thursday , according to a local media report that featured video of the mayor 's two-car caravan speeding on city streets , blowing through stop signs and violating other traffic laws -- just two days after he announced a traffic-safety initiative . The report by CNN affiliate WCBS , accompanied by the station 's exclusive video , said the mayor 's car was being driven by a member his security detail , with de Blasio in the passenger seat . If the driver had been cited and convicted for the apparent violations witnessed by its news crew , he could have racked up enough points to have his license suspended , WCBS said . The New York Police Department came to the mayor 's defense Thursday in the wake of the WCBS report , releasing a statement . "  The handling of police vehicles transporting any protectee is determined solely by police personnel based on their specialized training in executive protection and professional judgment , " the NYPD said . "  At certain times , under certain conditions , this training may include the use of techniques such as maintaining speed with the general flow of traffic , and may sometimes include tactics to safely keep two or more police vehicles together in formation when crossing intersections , " the statement said . The alleged traffic violations came just two days after de Blasio unveiled his "  Vision Zero " plan , an approach that combines "  education , smarter streets , and strong enforcement to reduce dangerous and illegal behavior on our streets , " according to the mayor 's official website . "  We 've put a very bold plan before you and we want the public to know we 're holding ourselves to this standard , " the mayor said at a press conference on Tuesday . "  The likelihood of a fatal crash drops significantly for speeds below 30 miles per hour . So we get those speeds down it will be the difference between losing a life and saving a life , " de Blasio said . The mayor 's office released a statement Thursday in response to news reports about the mayor 's speedy trip . "  We believe public safety is everyone 's responsibility . We also recognize NYPD 's training and protocols , and refer questions related to security and transportation to them . With that in mind , Mayor de Blasio is firmly committed to the traffic safety policies outlined this week , " De Blasio press secretary Phil Walzak said in a statement .	On Tuesday , NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio announced a plan to make streets safer On Thursday , a New York TV station shot video of a trip by the mayor The video showed his two-car caravan apparently speeding and violating other traffic laws The NYPD says tactics are sometimes used when transporting any "  protectee "
CNN  -- Arrest warrants were issued Wednesday for nine Muslim Brotherhood officials , including leader Mohammed Badea , according to Egypt 's official news agency . General prosecutor Hisham Barakat ordered the leaders ' arrests for "  ordering armed groups to cut off highways and threaten violence in the city of Qalyub , spreading violence and damaging public interest , " the MENA report said . Earlier , Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , the head of Egypt 's military , called for mass demonstrations Friday to support the country 's armed forces . This comes amid Muslim Brotherhood calls for mass protests of its own and lingering tensions nationwide spurred by the July 3 military coup that deposed the democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy . Al-Sisi , speaking Wednesday at a military graduation ceremony carried live on state TV , exhorted Egyptian citizens "  to go down to the streets to give the army the referendum to take firm action against violence and terrorism . " "  The army and the police will secure the protests all over Egypt , " said al-Sisi , who is also the interim defense minister . "  We will never retreat when it comes to the proposed road map of the political transition . " The official Facebook page of Tamarod , the anti-Morsy protest movement , called on its supporters to heed the armed forces ' call for protests . "  We call on all the Egyptian people to gather in all the squares next Friday to call for the trial of Mohamed Morsy , support the Egyptian armed forces in the coming war against terrorism and cleansing the land of Egypt . The army and the people will fight terrorism , " the statement said . In a statement posted to Facebook , a pro-Morsy group called for counter-protests Friday even while saying they fear the military leaders will use the demonstrations to incite violence against Egyptians who support the deposed president . "  The coalition is asking the international community and its institutions , including the U.N. and human rights organizations , to reject the plot for bloodshed that will inflame the region and being executed by leader of the coup , Abdul Fatah Al-Sisi , " the National Alliance to Support Legitimacy said in its statement . The group also asked the International Criminal Court to try Al-Sisi for crimes against humanity . Dozens of people have reportedly been killed and thousands injured since Morsy 's ouster , some of them in confrontations with authorities and others in clashes with those on the other side of the political spectrum . Official : 11 police , 1 civilian wounded in Egypt bombing Fighting on Monday and Tuesday between Morsy supporters and opponents left 14 people dead and dozens injured , state media said , citing the Health Ministry . A bombing in the Nile delta city of Mansoura overnight Tuesday left one person dead and 28 hurt , Health Ministry spokesman Dr. Khaled El-Khatib said . A number of the casualties were police officers . The situation has been calm in Cairo on Wednesday , El-Khatib said , although three people were killed by a car bomb explosion in the Egyptian city of El-Arish on the Sinai Peninsula , according to Egypt 's state-run news agency MENA . Al-Sisi had pointed words for the Muslim Brotherhood . It and its political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party , backed Morsy . Long before the election that led to Morsy 's victory last year , he said , he advised them not to nominate a candidate . "  I told them they need more knowledge , more efforts and the upcoming phase is very critical , so I advised them not to nominate anyone and they thanked me and left but they did n't listen , " he said , referring to the period after the toppling of former President Hosni Mubarak . The military was concerned about the activities of the Muslim Brotherhood and the Freedom and Justice Party up to the time Morsy was removed from power . Opinion : Why the Muslim Brotherhood ca n't back down "  We advised them over and over , and we warned them not to turn Egypt into a confrontation battlefield between a movement that claims to be fighting and working in the name of God against others who , according to them , are standing against God 's religion . And that is wrong , because other movements have the right to have their own political visions of how the country should be governed . " Essam El Arian , a senior Muslim Brotherhood official , said opponents of the coup will protest Friday . "  Calling upon people for support will not help your cause , and if you ever had supporters before , they would have gone down to the streets , " he said . "  Your threats will not prevent the millions to constantly protest against the coup . And as a leader to a coup that caused the killing of women and children and those who were praying in the mosques , you need to remember that our people had their say against the coup and they are standing with the constitutional legitimacy and democracy , " he said . Meanwhile , the Pentagon announced Wednesday that U.S. President Barack Obama would delay delivery of four F-16 fighter jets to Egypt in response to Morsy 's removal from power . It 's not clear what conditions will be imposed before the aircraft would be cleared for shipment . The Pentagon said , however , that it was not suspending overall arms sales to Egypt at this time . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutor accuses Muslim Brotherhood leaders of spreading violence Pro-Morsy group says supporters of deposed president should rally Friday There 's been fighting between ousted President Mohamed Morsy 's backers , opponents A bombing in the Nile Delta city of Mansoura leaves one dead , 28 hurt
CNN  -- It 's his first trip to South America , one that many doubted would happen at all . President Obama 's five-day tour to Brazil , Chile and El Salvador happens as a nuclear and humanitarian crisis unfolds in Japan after a powerful earthquake and tsunami hit the island . And a civil war rages on in Libya , threatening stability in the Middle East . The United States is getting involved in a third conflict in the region in addition to Afghanistan and Iraq . That 's why many speculated that Obama would either cancel or postpone his Latin American trip . In his weekly internet and radio address , Obama spoke about the reasons why he 's looking south . "  As we respond to these immediate crises abroad , we also will not let up in our effort to tackle the pressing , ongoing challenges facing our country , including accelerating economic growth , " he said as he made the case for economic opportunities for U.S. businesses in Latin America . Analysts say the United States ca n't afford to ignore Latin America in spite of the challenges in Asia and the Middle East . China , not the United States , is now the largest destination for Brazilian exports . And former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva defied most countries on the U.N. Security Council last year  and certainly the United States  on the issue of sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program . In recent years , Brazil has discovered oil reserves off the coast of Rio de Janeiro that could be the largest in the world if the estimates of Petrobras  the state-owned Brazilian oil company  are right . Add to that the fact that Brazil is hosting the World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016 , and it becomes a logical choice for a country to be visited by an American president . That 's why Cynthia Arnson , director of the Latin American program at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington , calls Brazil "  the obvious country on the itinerary . " She said Brazil "  is , depending on whose numbers you use , anywhere from the fifth to the eighth economy in the world . It is a global player on issues like climate change , environmental preservation , innovation and biofuels development . It 's also seeking a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council . " Chile , considered an economic Latin American success , will be Obama 's second stop . A devastating earthquake that hit the country in February of last year had little effect , if any , on its booming economy . Gross domestic product grew more than 5 % in 2010 , in spite of the catastrophic 8.8-magnitude temblor , one of the 10 most powerful earthquakes on record . Chile signed a free trade agreement with the United States on January 1 , 2004 , and its government claims to have more such agreements than any other country in the world , with pacts signed with the European Union , Mercosur , China , India , South Korea , and Mexico .  Mercosur , or the Southern Common Market , is an economic agreement that promotes free trade among Argentina , Brazil , Paraguay and Uruguay . With a mixture of open market policies and strong economic institutions , Chile has dramatically reduced poverty . Only 18.2 % of the population lived below the poverty line in 2009 , compared with nearly 40 % 20 years ago . "  The center-right government of -LSB- President -RSB- Sebastian Piñera has by no means done away with the social programs put in place under the Concertación -LSB- a coalition of center-left political parties -RSB- that were so successful in reducing poverty in Chile , " Arnson said . El Salvador , Obama 's third stop of the tour , is also a success story , although on a much lesser scale . Arnson says that in a relatively short period of time , the Central American country has managed to professionalize and downsize its army and establish a system of political competition in which everyone agrees on the rules of the game  a great achievement when one takes into account that El Salvador was ravaged by a civil war that lasted from 1979 to 1992  . "  They are not the only success stories , but they 're very important success stories in all three countries . El Salvador came out of civil war , Brazil and Chile came out of decades of military dictatorship , and there 's been significant progress in all three countries in moving away from that past , " Arnson said . For Kevin Casas-Zamora , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington , El Salvador is important for the White House for other reasons as well . "  In El Salvador converge in a very clear way three issues that are crucial when it comes to the relation between the United States and Latin American countries : migration , trade and security , " Casas-Zamora said . More than 2.5 million Salvadorans live in the United States , and the government of President Mauricio Funes wants a resolution on their immigration status . As Mexico has scored important victories against major drug cartels , these criminal organizations have moved into Central American countries , including El Salvador . According to Casas-Zamora , El Salvador is looking for a closer partnership with the United States to increase its security . "  So far , the U.S. government has earmarked $ 100 million -LSB- to boost security -RSB- for fiscal year 2011 , which is quite limited . This amount of money for the Central American region is minuscule , compared to the magnitude of the drug trafficking problem they face , " Casas-Zamora said .	Obama visiting Brazil , Chile , El Salvador amid war in Mideast , post-quake crisis in Japan Analysts say the U.S. ca n't afford to ignore Latin America despite those challenges Obama makes case for economic opportunities for U.S. businesses in Latin America Despite their problems , Latin American countries have made economic , political strides
CNN  -- Fans from across Europe will soon be traveling to Poland to support their teams during Euro 2012 , but so too will police officers from each nation to keep an eye on them . When their national teams are playing , visiting police officers will be at Poland 's police headquarters in Warsaw , the nerve-center for security operations during the event . Poland has a lot riding on the tournament it is co-hosting with Ukraine , and is no stranger to football violence . Last year 's Polish Cup Final between Legia Warsaw and Lech Poznan was a high-profile example of how domestic football in Poland is still blighted by hooliganism , as violent fans clashed with police and water cannons had to be used to control the crowd . Even before that incident , UEFA , European football 's governing body , had criticized Poland for football violence which it said was ruining the country 's reputation . However police in the capital have spent years preparing for Euro 2012 and reducing the potential of trouble from homegrown and international football hooligans . Like all major international events terrorism is the main security concern . "  The whole security plan is ready ; the right equipment has been bought , " says Mariusz Sokolowski , press officer for the Polish police force . "  The sites that needed to be renovated for the tournament have also been completed . And now it 's a time to put all that we have done into practice . " The new National Stadium in Warsaw hosted a friendly match between Poland and Portugal in February this year , when the local police force was able to test their readiness . It was called a success by UEFA . "  We know what we deliver has to be the best , at the top level , " says Beata Stelmach , Poland 's Deputy Foreign Minister . "  We are absolutely the best prepared for Euro 2012 and welcome everybody who wants not only to see football games , but also to see how hospitable we are and how beautiful the country is . " Poland is following on from lessons learned at recent big European tournaments , like Euro 2008 in Austria and Switzerland , and Germany 's staging of the World Cup in 2006 . There will be "  fan zones " with big screens and entertainment dotted around the major cities , where traveling fans without tickets can watch the matches . "  The less we are visible and less we need to act the better the event will be as it will show that Euro 2012 will be a very safe event , " says Sokolowski . CNN 's Jim Boulden contributed to this report	Polish police have spent years planning to create a peaceful Euro 2012 The tournament , co-hosted with Ukraine , is Poland 's first major international sporting event Police from nations competing at the tournament will be in Poland during the matches Poland has had outbreaks of hooliganism at domestic football matches
San Salvador , El Salvador  CNN  -- A 22-year-old woman in El Salvador , pregnant and suffering from illnesses , has become a flashpoint in the country 's debate on abortion . The life of the woman , known only as "  Beatriz , " is in danger if the pregnancy goes full term , but abortion is illegal in El Salvador with no exceptions , women 's rights groups say . Anti-abortion groups counter that Beatriz is being used by abortion-rights advocates as an opening to push for changes to abortion laws . Beatriz 's case is not the first time that risk to a mother 's life has created an abortion controversy in Latin America and the Caribbean . Last year , a young woman in the Dominican Republic was denied chemotherapy to treat her leukemia for weeks because of the risk it posed to her unborn child . She eventually began receiving treatment , but both she and her fetus died . In Beatriz 's case , she is suffering from lupus and kidney problems , and her unborn child developed without parts of its brain or skull . She asked for an abortion so that doctors could focus on saving her life , but doctors are hesitant to carry out the procedure without assurances that they wo n't be prosecuted . The country 's Supreme Court has taken up the case , but it has deliberated for weeks without a ruling , raising the ire of the groups that support Beatriz . "  We are outraged at their abdication of their role to protect and defend Beatriz 's life and health , " said Esther Major , Central America researcher for Amnesty International . "  There is no justice in this delay , and definitely no humanity . " Beatriz is now 24 weeks pregnant . Although she is at the center of a national debate over abortion , Beatriz has declined to give interviews . Her mother , however , has spoken to the press . "  If this baby is born both  mother and child  could die , and they tell me that the baby would survive just six hours if it is born , " the mother said . Beatriz argues that an abortion could save her life , and allow her to care for her other child , who is a year old . "  The fetus will die because it is not healthy , and so we have to decide that we must save Beatriz 's life because there is another child who needs her , " said Blanca Lopez of the Salvadoran Women 's Union . Opponents of abortion have not been silent on the issue . "  I think that a great debate has been created using Beatriz , using her problem to promote the legalization of abortion , " said Regina de Cardenal of the country 's Yes to Life Foundation . Although the doctors who are treating Beatriz recommended an abortion , others in the medical field disagree . "  Unfortunately , lupus is an incurable disease , and there is no reason to lie to the public , " said Miguel Fortin of the Institute of Legal Medicine . "  Beatriz will not get better if her pregnancy is terminated . The pregnancy is a temporary condition but the lupus will remain . " The country 's health minister has indicated that the government supports an abortion , but that it is up to the Supreme Court to decide . With each passing week , the debate is more intense as the health of the mother and fetus are weighed . If the Supreme Court does not act quickly , Beatriz may travel to another country where she can get an abortion , her mother said . "  If here in this country they do n't allow her what she has asked for , that would be a possibility , " she said . Ireland 's government puts forward draft abortion bill In U.S. : Gosnell horror fuels fight for abortion laws	A woman known as Beatriz is pregnant and suffering from illnesses She wants an abortion to help save her life But abortions are illegal in El Salvador in all circumstances The Supreme Court is debating the case
CNN Student News  -- April 26 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria Waco , Texas ; Dallas , Texas Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . Teachers : We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Beijing  CNN  -- Beijing and the Vatican are again shadow boxing over the ordination of a new Chinese bishop without the Pope 's blessing . After years of quiet diplomacy and a tacit agreement to jointly appoint Chinese bishops , the Chinese Catholic Patriotic Association -- which oversees the country 's state-sanctioned church -- in recent days ordained one bishop over the Vatican 's objections , while another was reportedly detained after resigning from the CPA . "  It 's worrisome , " said a Catholic priest in Beijing , who asked not to be identified . "  Are we going towards confrontation again ? " Bishop detained after shunning Party control The two sides have been estranged since 1957 , when China broke off relations with the Vatican . Beijing then accused Rome of engaging in anti-socialist activities . In recent years , they have been talking quietly about restoring official relations . One big stumbling bloc remains the Vatican 's official diplomatic ties with Taiwan , which China considers a breakaway province . Analysts say the two sides are close to reaching a modus vivendi on the diplomatic issue , but remain far apart on the ordination of bishops . The CPA said last year that it would press ahead with plans to appoint 40 new bishops , a challenge to the Holy See 's authority . "  It 's a question of religious freedom and leadership of the Chinese church , " explained the Catholic priest . China 's 10 million or so Catholics remain divided between those who worship in illegal "  underground ' churches " -- loyal to the Vatican , defiant of Communist Party control -- and those in a state-approved churches . Despite the division , and the festering spat between China and Rome , Chinese Catholics remain devoted to their faith . In recent years , Catholicism as other religions , are seeing a revival as more and more Chinese turn to faith . Congregations seem to be thriving , as I observed on a recent visit to the Yongning parish , about two hours drive north of Beijing . A choir sung the Chinese version of "  Morning Has Broken , " as 200 churchgoers heard Father Francis Zhang Tianlu deliver a Sunday mass . Since he moved to Yongning last year , Zhang , 45 , has turned a lethargic church into a vibrant congregation , as I discovered . "  When I moved here , this church building was so old , its roof was collapsing , " Zhang told me during a tour of the area . The Yongning church was originally built in 1873 by the French religious order of Vincent Depaul , before it was destroyed during the Boxer Rebellion in 1900 when members of an anti-foreign Yihetuan attacked foreign missionaries , diplomats and traders , as well as Chinese Christian converts . More than 600 Catholics were killed in Yongning and buried in the ground where the church now stands , Zhang said . Rebuilt in 1902 , the church had been in disrepair until last year . "  We repaired it without government help , " Zhang said proudly . "  Individuals and groups contributed , in cash and in kind and with volunteer work . " More are joining the church . "  When I just got here , there was only one 85-year old lady who attended the daily mass , " he recalled . Last year , 268 older residents were baptized , and this year over 50 young city-dwellers converted , too . "  Finally I can see some faces of young people , " he gushed . A Western Catholic priest , who asked to remain anonymous , credits the 45-year priest for adapting well to China 's rapidly changing society . "  Father Francis is creating new urban congregations and that is exactly what the church in China should be doing -- continuing to minister in the old existing churches , or building new churches in old villages . " Zhang noted that his diocese used to be home to at least 2,000 Catholics . "  Many of them are still going to the underground churches , " he said . "  Sometimes they invite me to their homes for a meal . They tell me they are eager to turn theirs into an open church , to worship God openly and devoutly . " His mission now , he said , is to encourage them to join the open churches . Zhang used to worship underground . "  For ten years , my family provided four houses for underground assembly , " he recalled . "  In 1988 , we decided to worship openly . " That means joining the Chinese Catholic Patriotic Association . A fourth-generation Catholic , Zhang attended a Beijing seminary for five and a half years . He later enrolled in British and Belgian universities , where he studied philosophy , psychology and church management . He also attended the Foreign Affairs College in Beijing to learn about diplomacy . "  Merely preaching is not enough , " Zhang said . "  You have to learn some knowledge of international relations . " Zhang has also learned how to balance his faith with the authority of the state . Zhang disagrees , diplomatically , with Beijing 's defiance of the Vatican in the ordination of bishops . "  I think it 's not a good idea , " he said . "  I do hope Chinese government will pay attention to the universal idea , the universal church law of the Holy See . "  At the same time I hope Holy See can really understand the church in China and find out what it really looks like . "  Of course we follow China and we also follow the Roman Catholic way , " he added . "  Give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar . What belongs to God , return it to God . The state and church interaction is very dialectical . " For the foreseeable future , it seems , Chinese Catholics will just have to continue the balancing act between church and state . Will Evans contributed to this report .	Vatican , China at odds over ordination of bishops without the pope 's blessing Relations between China , Vatican estranged since 1957 , when Beijing broke off relations China 's Catholic church is overseen by state-approved Catholic Patriotic Association Many of China 's 10 million Catholics worship in underground churches
Washington  CNN  -- As winds , rains and fears calmed in the Washington , D.C. , area Sunday , hundreds arrived at the newly opened Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial Sunday afternoon to revel , share stories and celebrate . Sunday 's planned dedication of the $ 120 million Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial in Washington was to coincide with the 48th anniversary of the historic March on Washington and King 's famed "  I Have A Dream " speech . But while many of the MLK weekend events went ahead , the centerpiece Sunday dedication was postponed as the East Coast hunkered down for the battering winds and rains of Hurricane Irene . As the clouds cleared Sunday afternoon , visitors to the memorial were greeted by blue skies and mostly intact bleachers that had been placed ahead of the ceremonies . Officials on site say there was little debris left by the time crowds began to swell , which meant a pleasant experience for revelers . "  I 'm very impressed . It is done just right , " said visitor Daniel Boyle from Virginia . "  It 's a powerful projection of Martin Luther King 's personality and achievements . It captures it . " Boyle was accompanied by his daughter Ann from Washington , who noted that the atmosphere in the crowds was friendly and hopeful . Many of the visitors had come from around the country for this weekend 's events only to be stuck inside during the rains . Al Lee , a teacher from California , says he made the decision in January to attend the dedication and , despite the event cancellation , he made the most of the weekend . "  I 'm glad to be here . I 'm glad to have enjoyed the opportunity to be here . I 'm blessed . " The memorial site , which features a striking 30-foot statue of King gazing out on the iconic Tidal Basin , lies between the Lincoln Memorial and the Thomas Jefferson Memorial on the National Mall . The statue , representing a "  Stone of Hope , " sits forward from a "  Mountain of Despair . " Visitors pass through the mountain on their way to King 's statue and an expanse along the Basin rimmed with an inscription wall covered with stone carvings of some of his most famous quotes . The 4-acre area will also feature the iconic cherry blossom trees that draw thousands of tourists to the Mall each spring . In between snapping jubilant photos , visitors Sunday found much to reflect on in the writings and visuals of the memorial . Teacher Travis Parker spoke of feeling "  refueled " after his visit , ready to take lessons from the memorial home with him . "  We 've come quite a ways , but not far enough , " Parker said . "  The fact that we have an African-American president does n't mean that we 've arrived , but that there are possibilities . "	Dedication postponed because of Hurricane Irene Visitors enjoy touring site anyway "  It 's a powerful projection of Martin Luther King 's personality and achievements "
Reader 's Digest  -- Brazilians feel the most pressure to lose weight and be thin , according to an international poll . Eighty-three percent of those polled in Brazil said they felt the pressure to be slimmer , followed by India  68 percent  , the U.S.  62 percent  and France  55 percent  , according to the survey , commissioned by Reader 's Digest for its February issue . The poll of 16,000 people across 16 countries suggests most of us believe too much emphasis is put on being slim . Even so , most have tried to lose weight . And , everywhere , women are significantly more likely than men to feel the pressure . Russians are the most likely to turn to cigarettes to lose weight  23 percent of men and 18 percent of women  , while Mexicans are most likely to choose a healthier diet or physical exercise . The poll also shows that France blames the prevalence of fast-food in the U.S. for Americans ' growing girths -- and many Americans agree , with almost three-quarters of those polled in the U.S. admitting their eating habits promote obesity . Meanwhile , 51 percent of married American women wish their husbands were thinner with 47 percent of American husbands wishing the same of their spouses . According to the World Health Organization , more people in the world now die from being overweight and obese than being underweight . It says there are about 1.6 billion overweight or obese people in the world and at least 2.5 million deaths are associated with these conditions annually . "  Although the universal weight struggle is clear from our poll results , obesity is not our collective destiny , " said Reader 's Digest VP/Global Editor-in-Chief Peggy Northrop . "  Most cultures have some custom that can keep people lean , from a bottle of mineral water on most restaurant tables in Europe to the downsizing of supersizing portions in the UK . There is a huge opportunity to learn from each other how to eat healthy . " For more results on the Reader 's Digest Global Diet Poll and related content , visit the Reader 's Digest site .	World Health Organization : More people die from being overweight , obese than underweight Poll : Of those quizzed , Brazilians feel most pressure to be slimmer Poll : Russians are the most likely to turn to cigarettes to lose weight
ACCRA , Ghana  CNN  -- Jennifer Staple runs the Unite For Sight program which started in the U.S. , but has branched out into working overseas . Regarding sight as a fundamental human right that most people take for granted , the program aims to tackle a range of visual impairments that affect people across the world . Jennifer will be traveling to Ghana and then India , taking volunteers to continue the work of Unite For Sight . Keep up with her experiences in her blogs and video diaries . November 8 , 2007 I have been developing and coordinating Unite For Sight 's programs in Ghana from the U.S. since 2004 , so it has been a great privilege to finally arrive in Ghana to meet the patient beneficiaries and the local Unite For Sight team . I have been spending much of my time with our ophthalmic team in Accra . Robert Dolo and Kartee Karloweah are ophthalmic nurses and medical staff at the Crystal Eye Clinic , which is Unite For Sight 's partner in Accra . They are extraordinary people , working six days a week to provide eye care for patients living in extreme poverty , waking at dawn and working until sunset , often examining 150 patients per day . Each day that I am with Robert and Kartee in the villages , I marvel at their dedication and efficiency . Having heard stories about them from our partner ophthalmologists and visiting volunteers , I knew that I would see their greatness in action while in Accra , but personally seeing their selfless dedication and commitment to Unite For Sight was even more extraordinary than I had anticipated . Unite For Sight vision screenings are held in very remote locations , where patients have no access to eye care . Their health needs are beyond comprehension , as raw sewage often flows through the streets and running water is nonexistent . A small area is organized for the vision screening , which includes a series of screening stations . Visiting Unite For Sight volunteers and local Ghanaian translators work to register patients , identify their eye care needs and provide visual acuity screenings . Then , the patients move into a very small , dark room where Robert and Kartee are stationed to provide examination and diagnosis . They need to work in the dark so that they can see the back of each patient 's eyes . Often more than 100 degrees  Fahrenheit or 37.7 Celsius  in the room , Robert and Kartee rapidly examine each patient and determine whether they need medication , eyeglasses , consultation by ophthalmologist Dr. James Clarke or surgery . If the patient needs medication or eyeglasses , they move to another station that is usually manned by local and visiting volunteers . If the patient needs surgery , Unite For Sight arranges for them to go to Crystal Eye Clinic . Living in extreme poverty , the patients can barely afford food , so they can not afford the price of surgery , which is usually $ 100 . Unite For Sight sponsors their surgery to insure that no one remains blind because they ca n't pay . Through September 2007 , Unite For Sight has coordinated and funded more than 1,200 sight-restoring cataract surgeries in the Accra , Ghana region . The success of the program can largely be attributed to the remarkable work of Robert and Kartee in the villages . It has been an extraordinary privilege to meet them and to see their work making such an impact . E-mail to a friend	Jennifer has arrived in Ghana and is spending time with the local UFS team Robert Dolo and Kartee Karloweah are medical staff for a UFS partner there UFS holds vision screenings in adverse conditions to bring eye care to Ghana
EW.com  -- Told by a different storyteller -- perhaps in a movie with subtitles and scenes in a Balkan cafÃ © -- "  Girl in Progress " would qualify as a tragedy , a horror story , an upsetting drama of child abuse . Here 's the cautionary tale of an overworked teenaged girl  Cierra Ramirez  , neglected by her self-absorbed , single , working-class mother  Eva Mendes  , who embarks on a self-destructive plan to speed up her journey to adulthood and escape her mother 's chaotic house . Were this movie given the Romanian New Wave narrative treatment , it might win a prize . ` Grey 's Anatomy ' cast near deals to return But spiced up with commercial-grade Latin-American content  including a scene or two of warm , Spanish-speaking familia time  and starring the glamorous , likable , and marketable Cuban-American Mendes in a pretend attempt at looking haggard , this inauthentic teen tale , with its cosmetically softened edges , serves neither the young people nor the Mendes fans for whom it might be intended . There 's a particularly bum message about the lives of blue-collar women in the subplot involving Mama 's affair with the husband  Matthew Modine  of a woman whose house she cleans . ` Cougar Town ' saved by TBS Apparently , marital betrayal is the price of employing someone so pretty in the low , if honorable , job of cleaning toilets . D See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Girl in Progress " is the tale of an overworked teenager and her working-class mother There 's a particularly bum message about the lives of blue-collar women in the subplot Mendes ' character has an affair with the husband of a woman whose house she cleans
CNN  -- Beyonce and her mother Tina Knowles talk to CNN 's Becky Anderson during London Fashion Week about the launch of their fashion label , House of Dereon , and Beyonce 's pregnancy . Beyonce : I grew up in a fabric store . Unfortunately my mother would say : "  Come on let 's go to the fabric store , " and she would make all of these beautiful clothes for myself and the other ladies of Destiny 's Child , and after so many years my fans said we want to buy these clothes somewhere , so it was a natural thing for us to do this line , and it 's so great for us to be able to do it together , number one because we get to spend time together , and two because we have such respect for each others ' taste . Becky : Tina what is it like to see not just your daughter but your designs on television ? Watch the interview with Beyonce and Tina Knowles Tina Knowles : Oh it 's unbelievable sometimes and I never anticipated that . I started designing things out of necessity because there were budgetary restraints . So I would buy fabrics instead of clothes and just make them . Beyonce : Back in those days they would n't loan us the clothes . Tina : And it 's funny when you need the clothes they wo n't loan them to you , and when you do n't need them everyone wants to give them to you , so that 's how it started but that was very exciting to see the clothes on TV . Becky : How do you get on with each other ? Do you fall out over design ? Beyonce : Sometimes , but it 's very rare . I think we will get into it and it 's usually over the phone , not in person and then we 'll hang up and call each other and say you 're right . You 're right but we have such similar taste , but there 's respect . I respect my mother so much and she respects my taste as well so we have a lot of trust . Becky : Many fans will call it "  Beyonce style " -- where do you get the inspiration ? Beyonce : This collection was inspired by a lot of my travels . I did a world tour , I traveled to Asia , Brazil , all over the world and I saw such beauty and my mother traveled with me and we decided we should mix these great cultures together and make something original and beautiful , and this show celebrates the global nomad , and one day at the rate we 're going which is such a beautiful thing , there wo n't be all these different races we 'll all just be mixed up and beautiful and that is so wonderful exciting and refreshing you know we have the mixtures of the African hair wraps and some of the Asian prints and we mix it with different textures sequins and gold jewelery and it just becomes very refreshing . Becky : Miss Tina , is there any one piece that comes to mind that you think that is the inspiration ? Tina : I think the holiday collection -- what Beyonce is wearing now . We were inspired by her travels and we did a lot of different prints , sequins , glitz and glamor and we mixed it with some funky things . Becky : Congratulations on the pregnancy . Does the collection now include maternity wear -- everybody will be asking that question ? Beyonce : What I 'm wearing today is part of the collection and its not supposed to be , but it actually is really good for the maternity but we did n't plan six months ago before - actually longer than that - but we do have some things that I am still trying to rock . Becky : Are you struggling to find things that you feel good in where your husband might go err , I 'm not having that ? Beyonce : Actually I am having so much fun , it has been the most fun time now that it has been announced and I do n't have to , you know , it was really difficult to conceal , but now that I can be proud and excited about it I 'm having so much fun shopping -- it 's great . Becky to Tina : You must be delighted Tina : I am so delighted . I 'm over the moon . Becky : Do you know what you 're having ? Beyonce : I do n't . Becky : And if you did you would n't tell me ! Do you consider this more fashion than style and the idea being you 're sort of universal , you are for the universal woman -- who is the House of Dereon woman ? Tina : I think trend-setting woman , confident , has her own style . Beyonce : Yes someone bold , someone who wants to stand out , someone confident , hard working and I think it is more about style than fashion -- it 's a lifestyle and we just want to bring out that inner confidence and inner beauty in every woman . Becky : And has your attitude towards style , fashion changed since you learned you were pregnant ? Beyonce : I just feel like it is often within . My mother has always told me that beauty comes from within and what 's exciting about being a woman is you can say today I feel like being , today I feel really conservative , today I 'm feeling classy , today I am going on a date and I want to just be a showstopper and you know there is this variety of beautiful clothes that can bring out whatever you feel inside but it comes from here and you should wear your clothes they should n't wear you . Becky : So it does n't come from Jay-Z -- that 's what you 're saying ? Beyonce : It comes from here .	Beyonce says sometimes she falls out with her mother Tina over clothes design , but it 's rare Tina : "  I started designing things out of necessity because there were budgetary restraints " Collection was inspired by travels during world tour including Asia and Brazil Beyonce : Pregnancy was difficult to conceal but it is fun now it 's been announced
CNN  -- Big Ben , arguably the world 's most famous clock , celebrates on Sunday 150 years of keeping London on time . The British landmark has lived through war , bad weather and disasters . Big Ben 's distinctive bongs have been a part of the London scene for 150 years . Big Ben is the 14-ton bell inside the world 's largest four-faced chiming clock , although most people use the name to describe the tower that houses it . The clock is perched on a 96-meter  310-foot  elegant tower at the Westminster Bridge end of the Palace of Westminster . The Victorian masterpiece , which provides distinctive chimes known as bongs , was voted Britain 's favorite monument in 2008 . It has been featured in films such as "  101 Dalmatians " and "  Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix . " Big Ben has been disrupted a few times over the years for various reasons , including weather and breakages . Its bongs went silent for about two months in August 2007 to allow a crew to repair its mechanism system . During that time , the rest of the clock was running on an electric system . It was fully restarted again October 1 . The clock pays tribute to Britain 's royal history : It has a Latin inscription of the phrase : "  O Lord , save our Queen Victoria the First . " The ornate masterpiece has some quirky features . The hour hand , which weighs 300 kilograms  661 pounds  , is made of gun metal while the minute hands are made of copper sheet . The minute hands would not work when they were first made of cast iron because they were too heavy . The clock started working on May 31 , 1859 , after the lighter copper hands were installed . The origins of the landmark 's name are obscure . Some say it was named after the 1850s heavyweight boxer Ben Caunt while others suggest it was named after Sir Benjamin Hall , a former member of parliament . Hall , the commissioner of works in 1859 , was responsible for ordering the bell . Alan Hughes , the director of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry that made the bell , prefers the latter . "  I suppose I like it chiefly because it was a nickname of a man who was big and loud and pompous , and never used one word if 27 would do , " he said in a 2008 interview . Hughes ' company also made America 's Liberty Bell and a number of others for cathedrals and churches around the world .	London 's Big Ben turns 150 years old on Sunday Last year , Victorian masterpiece was voted Britain 's favorite monument No one is quite sure where the clock 's moniker came from
London  CNN  -- A treasure trove of old photos has revealed how Queen Elizabeth once took to the stage -- sometimes dressed as a boy -- in a series of holiday pantomimes during World War II . The archives feature more than a dozen signed photographs of Princess Elizabeth and the late Princess Margaret , her younger sister , as the teenage stars in Christmas productions of the traditional plays at Windsor Castle in the 1940s . A pantomime -- or "  panto " as it is also known -- is a mixture of slapstick and music performed across Britain during the holiday season . They are typically based on children 's stories and usually feature male leads played by women  and vice versa  , comedic twists and audience participation . After the outbreak of World War II in 1939 , King George VI and Queen Elizabeth -- the current queen 's mother -- spent most of their time in London while their daughters remained in Windsor , just outside the capital . But at Christmas they would return to join a privileged audience at the luxury pantomimes their daughters starred in at the Royal School . In 1941 Elizabeth , then 15 , played Prince Florizel , the male lead , in a pantomime of "  Cinderella " , while 11-year-old Margaret took the title role . The following year the future queen starred as Prince Salvador in "  Sleeping Beauty " with Margaret as Fairy Thistledown . In 1943 Elizabeth won her first title role in "  Aladdin " with Margaret as Princess Roxana . The next year the royal sisters starred as Lady Christina Sherwood and the Honorable Lucinda Fairfax , respectively , in "  Old Mother Red Riding Boots . " The fascinating images are owned by the estates of Hubert Tannar , an amateur actor and headmaster of the school the princesses attended , and Cyril Woods , who shared the stage with the young Windsors and became a friend of the future queen during rehearsals . The archive of royal pantomime photos -- along with documents , Christmas cards and over twenty letters from the Queen to Tannar 's widow -- are expected to fetch thousands of dollars at auction next week . "  This is the best royal archive I have ever handled , " said Chris Albury , the senior valuer at Dominic Winter Auctioneers , based in Gloucestershire , England . "  The pantomime albums are highly atmospheric and you can see both princesses growing from childhood to adulthood , but the albums are further dramatically charged when you consider the wartime backdrop to these luxury pantomimes performed at Windsor Castle . " Read more : Prince William talks fatherhood with CNN	Photos of teenage Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret acting in plays to be auctioned Britain 's future queen starred in a series of pantomimes at Windsor Castle in 1940s Photos belonged to headmaster of Windsor school and a co-star of the royal sisters
New York  CNN  -- The New York City Police Department was searching Wednesday for a man who allegedly punched a 33-year-old woman in the back of the head in Brooklyn , in what could be the latest in a spate of "  knockout " assaults . The incident occurred just before 3 p.m. on Saturday , but police released a sketch of the suspect Tuesday . The unidentified woman and her 7-year-old daughter were walking in the Midwood section of Brooklyn when the attacker approached her and punched her in the back of the head , knocking her down , then fled on foot , according to the NYPD . The woman sustained minor injuries to her knees and hands when she fell , police said . The suspect is described as about 5 feet 7 inches to 5 feet 9 inches tall , with short braids , and was wearing a black wool cap , green jacket , and dark-colored jeans , police said . This latest attack follows a series of assaults known as the "  knockout game , " where teens try to knock random strangers unconscious with a single blow . At least nine suspected "  knockout " attacks have been reported since October in New York , but police have said they see no evidence of a trend . A NYPD spokeswoman told CNN on Wednesday that police "  investigate each assault individually " and that the latest attack was still under investigation . In November , a 23-year-old man was walking in the Bronx one afternoon when he was punched and knocked to the ground by men who continued to punch him after he was down . Authorities have reported similar incidents in New York , New Jersey , Connecticut , Illinois , Missouri and Washington . In New Haven , Connecticut , police said there were seven reported incidents possibly connected to "  knockout " assaults , but it was unclear if they were carried out by the same person . There were no major injuries in the attacks , which occurred in the same three - to four-block area on November 17-18 . The assaults stopped after police questioned a suspect , though no arrest was made . "  We have no reason to believe this is a hate crime , " said Officer David Hartman , a New Haven police spokesman . Some previous assaults in the region have targeted Jewish people . Hartman said police believe the attacks were copycat crimes spurred by media attention . Youth violence expert Chuck Williams blamed the media and parents for what he called extreme aggression by America 's youths . Negative attention , he said , is often rewarded . "  That 's America . America loves violence , and so do our kids , " he said . "  We market violence to our children and we wonder why they 're violent . It 's because we are . " Williams , a professor of psychology and education at Drexel University in Philadelphia , said some young people are desperate for attention . He called it the "  Miley Cyrus effect , " where teens will do anything , no matter how unconscionable , to get noticed . "  These kids know the consequences , " he said . "  They want to get arrested . They want to get caught , because they want that notoriety . They know they wo n't go away forever because they 're kids . It 's a win-win all around for them . " CNN 's Morgan Winsor contributed to this report	NYPD searches for a man who allegedly punched a woman , knocking her to the ground The woman was walking with her young daughter when she was assaulted The victim sustained minor injuries and the suspect fled on foot Attack follows 9 suspected "  knockout " assaults reported since October in New York
CNN  -- Karen Schlieve and her fiancÃ © were supposed to be married in July on a pavilion in St. Paul , Minnesota , against the backdrop of the Mississippi River . But Mother Nature had other plans . Today , that same pavilion is under several feet of water , in a surge of flooding that has swept through several Minnesota towns . At the height of wedding season , Schlieve must now find a different venue . "  I never would have thought , never would have imagined this would happen , " Shlieve told CNN affiliate WCCO . In several cities across the state , communities are moving fast to protect their neighborhoods from rising floodwaters . In St. Paul , residents are using pumps to remove water from their properties , said meteorologist Chris Franks at the National Weather Service . And along the Minnesota River -- a tributary of the Mississippi River -- the community of Henderson has only one road to get around town , Franks said . Residents of Prior Lake are continuing to pile sandbags up to 5 feet high to protect their homes and businesses . People , wading through the high floodwaters , are building dikes to prepare for the rain forecasted for Saturday and Sunday . "  The summers is pretty much over , " said Gil Roscoe to CNN affiliate KARE . "  Nobody wants to swim in this now . " A particularly wet year is likely to blame for the floods . With just over 25 inches of rain since the beginning of 2014 , the Twin Cities are on track to have the wettest year on record , Franks said . And heavy rain continued to fall in several cities -- Prior Lake included -- through the start of the weekend . But there could be an end in sight . Though the torrential rains continue , they 'll likely have little to no effect on water levels because the Minnesota rivers are starting to recede , Franks said . "  It 's a very slow process , but the water levels are indeed going out . "	Several Minnesota communities are under water Residents are sandbagging around their homes and businesses The National Weather Service says rivers are starting to recede
CNN  -- Four days after a U.S. civilian-operated cargo jet plunged into the ground shortly after takeoff from Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan , killing all seven people aboard , one expert said that a number of factors likely were involved in the incident . "  Accidents , of which this was among the worst that I 've ever seen , are typically a confluence of circumstances of seemingly unrelated events , which all coalesce to create a disaster , " said Arthur Rosenberg , a pilot , engineer and partner in the New York-based law firm , Soberman & Rosenberg . The doomed plane 's final moments appear to have been captured by a dashboard camera inside a vehicle on the base . The approximately three-minute video shows what appears to be the National Airlines jet starting its climb at 11:20 a.m. local time Monday from the base . National Air Cargo , the parent of National Airlines , said the flight had refueled at Bagram en route from Camp Bastian , a British military base in Afghanistan , to Dubai in the United Arab Emirates . National said the aircraft had landed uneventfully in Bagram and no additional cargo or people were taken on there , it said . Prior to departure , the cargo was reinspected , it added . "  The cargo contained within the aircraft was properly loaded and secured , and had passed all necessary inspections prior to departing Camp Bastian , " the company said in a statement posted on its website . It identified the crew members as two pilots , two first officers , a loadmaster and two people involved in maintenance . U.S. military plane crashes in Kyrgyzstan The pilots were likely doing a "  maximum performance takeoff " in an attempt to climb to altitude as quickly as possible , thereby limiting exposure to any attempts to shoot it down , Rosenberg said Friday , citing the jet 's pitch attitude , which he said appeared higher than normal . National Airlines , which specializes in moving freight for the military and businesses , did not immediately return a call asking about whether the pilots had , in fact , performed such a takeoff . About 12 seconds into the video , the Boeing 747-400 appears to stall , rolls from side to side , and drops . At 23 seconds , the plane crashes nose first into the ground off the side of the road , erupting into a ball of orange flame and black smoke . CNN can not confirm the video 's authenticity . It bears the date 2013/02/01 , but date stamps can easily be inaccurate . The cargo aboard ill-fated Flight NCR102 included five mine-resistant , ambush-protected vehicles that were being taken out of Afghanistan as part of the drawdown of U.S. forces , said Shirley Kaufman of National Air Cargo . MRAPs can weigh 12 tons to 24 tons apiece , depending on the model , according to a 2011 Congressional Research Service report . That would mean the MRAPs had a total weight of at least 60 tons , which is within the jet 's specifications , according to Boeing . If the takeoff had been rougher than usual , "  it could have caused the cargo in the back of the plane to become loose , " Rosenberg said . If that happened , and the cargo slid to the rear of the plane , it could have left the plane with an improper weight and balance , he said . He compared that situation with what happens when a heavy person and a light person get on either end of a seesaw . "  The light person is never going to get the heavy person off the ground , " he said . In the case of cargo that was not properly placed or secured , "  You 've got a big , heavy person at the end of the airplane , which outweighs the flight control 's capacity to override that weight . " Rosenberg 's law firm specializes in litigation stemming from plane crashes . He does not have direct knowledge from the investigation . The critical role of the loadmaster in such flights was outlined in a posting published last month on Bagram 's website . "  When you are a pilot flying a C-130 Hercules over potentially hostile territory , the last thing you need to worry about is whether your cargo is secure , " it says . "  That 's why each sortie the 774th Expeditionary Airlift Squadron flies includes two loadmasters . " They are responsible for checking all the systems in the rear of the aircraft and overseeing the loading of the cargo , then making sure it stays that way , it says . "  Upon takeoff , we 'll be looking back at the cargo until we get off the ground , making sure none of the chains break or pop out , " Airman 1st Class Michael Brown says in the airfield 's story . "  If they do , we let the pilots know ... and we taxi back . " "  There 's a lot of trust that we put in our loadmasters , " said Capt. Kenneth Pedersen , 774th EAS aircraft commander , in the same story . "  They 're pretty autonomous ... making sure the cargo is secure and loaded correctly . " Other possible contributors to the crash include malfunction of the flaps on the wings , or some other flight-control system or even a massive loss of power , Rosenberg said . But Rosenberg said he considered the last possibility to be the least likely , given the redundancy built into the four-engine jet . "  It 's a fantastic plane , " he said . The video leaves no doubt that , whatever the cause , the plane wound up flying too slow to generate sufficient lift on the wings to keep the airplane aloft , he said . "  In all my years of being involved in aerospace and piloting and litigation , I have never , ever , ever seen such a dramatic crash sequence as this one , " he said . "  It really is nauseating to look at , a monster like that falling out of the sky . That 's not supposed to happen . " Rosenberg predicted that the cockpit voice recorder and digital data recorder will provide investigators with the answers to the questions they are asking . In its statement , National Air Cargo said it "  will not speculate as to the cause of the accident , " and that it was fully cooperating with authorities as the investigation continues .	"  It really is nauseating to look at , " pilot says of plane crash video National Air Cargo "  will not speculate as to the cause of the accident " Military vehicles were "  properly loaded and secured , " company says
Paris  CNN  -- Monaco newlyweds Prince Albert and Princess Charlene are suing the French magazine L'Express for spreading what they say were false rumours about them in the lead-up to their July 2 wedding . The news magazine reported on its website June 28 that Princess Charlene , née Wittstock , tried to flee for her home country South Africa days before the lavish wedding . It alleged that she wanted to leave after she discovered that Prince Albert had fathered a third illegitimate child while still engaged to her . The prince has previously admitted fathering two children out of wedlock with two different women . The press service for the royal palace confirmed Tuesday that a lawsuit had been filed . In a statement July 22 , Michel Roger , the principality 's head of government , said the couple are suing the weekly magazine for "  invasion of private life and printing fallacious information on its website following unfounded allegations . " The royal couple 's Paris-based lawyer , Thierry Lacoste , could not be reached for comment . The article purported that Charlene was stopped from leaving the Nice airport after the palace tipped off police . L'Express told CNN it could not comment on the issue since it has not yet received an official complaint from the royal couple . But in an article July 22 , the magazine said it stands by its original reporting , which it said came from sources close to the wedding process . French privacy laws are very strict , and prohibit publications from intruding on the private lives of public figures . Celebrities commonly file lawsuits against tabloid and gossip magazines and win damages from the publications .	The couple married July 2 Prince Albert acknowledges having two other children out of wedlock Princess Charlene is from South Africa
Saudi Arabia 's government made what may be its first official reaction to a campaign calling on Saudi women to defy the country 's de facto driving ban on Saturday , saying the kingdom 's "  laws will be fully enforced " that day . However , an influential supporter of the campaign said she believes the statement is not aimed at women who plan to drive , but at others who might consider that a good day to stage demonstrations of their own in a nation where protests are outlawed and gatherings are tightly controlled . The Interior Ministry issued the statement Wednesday on SPA , Saudi Arabia 's official news agency . Addressing what it called "  rumors exchanged over social networks and some media outlets calling for congregations and marches , " the Interior Ministry said that "  the laws of the Kingdom prohibit activities disturbing the public peace and opening venues to sedition . " Saudi blogger and opinion writer Tamador Alyami , a supporter of the campaign who recently posted a video showing her driving in the city of Jedda , noted that a Twitter account supporting Saudi political prisoners recently "  tweeted a message saying you have to take advantage of this day , that it 's an opportunity to go out there and demonstrate and ask for the rights of the political prisoners . " "  As soon as I read the Interior Ministry statement , I was sure the message was meant for them , not for those who will go out to drive , " she said , adding that women drivers will not be demonstrating that day . No traffic law specifically prohibits women from driving in Saudi Arabia , but religious edicts there are often interpreted to mean women are not allowed to operate a vehicle . Saudi cleric warns driving could damage women 's ovaries In late September , an online movement was launched urging Saudi women to get behind the wheel . The October 26th Women 's Driving Campaign quickly gained momentum , with its online petition having so far garnered over 16,000 signatures . In addition , numerous Saudi women have already taken to the streets -- filming themselves driving through the streets of various cities , and then uploading those videos to YouTube . The language of the Interior Ministry 's statement "  shows that it was n't really about the 26th of October movement , " Alyami said . "  They 've known about this campaign for a few months and there 's been no attempt to stop  it  . If they 've let it go this far , that should reassure us . " Indeed , many women who have been out driving report having been spotted by traffic police who have n't stopped them . Alyami said she drove her car again on Wednesday to her parents ' house and passed two traffic policemen . "  One of the traffic policemen saw me and did n't stop me . I was scared , but when he just drove by and went away , I felt so happy , so reassured and more determined than ever to go out on the 26th . " Saudi blogger detained , but she 's hopeful about campaign to allow women to drive	A campaign calls on Saudi women to defy the country 's de facto driving ban on Saturday The Interior Ministry warns Saudi laws prohibit "  activities disturbing the public peace " A campaign supporter says the statement is not aimed at women planning to drive Instead , she says , it is a warning to others planning to stage protests of their own
CNN  -- The immigration debate in the United States should be guided by what is in the best interests of the United States . Take it from a fifth-generation American whose maternal ancestors have been in Texas since the Lone Star State was more commonly referred to as "  Northern Mexico . " Which means that Americans need to do everything they can to retain people such as Erika Andiola . We have to identify people like this 27-year-old undocumented immigrant from Mexico and find ways to allow them to remain in the only country they 've ever known . We need more Erikas because the "  DREAMer " -- who arrived in the United States when she was 11 and lives near Phoenix -- understands , better than many U.S.-born citizens , the responsibility to hold elected officials accountable regardless of what party they 're in . Andiola is one of the most famous DREAMers in the country . In 2012 , she appeared with nearly three dozen other undocumented immigrants -- including journalist Jose Antonio Vargas -- on the cover of Time magazine . In September 2013 , she began an eye-opening adventure when she went to Washington to work for Rep. Kyrsten Sinema . She lasted four months . She left after concluding from conversations with other congressional aides that Democrats would prefer not to solve the immigration problem because they would rather use it a club to bludgeon Republicans . She wrote about her experience and observed that Washington was driven by "  political games -- games that are causing too much pain in our community . " She also declared that the immigrant community and the American people have more power to affect change than "  politicians inside the beltway . " Truth-telling wo n't make you popular . And for some in the immigrant advocacy movement , Andiola is now persona non grata . She is attacked on social media , and -- while she used to be a frequent guest at the White House for policy meetings on immigration -- she has recently been yanked out of line several times while waiting to enter for one event or another . Demanding results from Democratic elected officials can cost you friends among left-leaning activists who put their party before their cause . "  Unfortunately , a lot of immigration activists are Democrats , " Andiola told me . "  As soon as anything comes out of their mouths , it 's so biased . " Spot on . Such honest talk can get you labeled a "  Republican " by partisans on the left . Especially if you 're also turning up the heat on Latino Democrats in Congress , directly confronting them and demanding that they pressure the White House to pursue immigration reform . And especially if you 're criticizing a Democratic president for racking up deportations . "  At this point , I would n't consider myself a Democrat or a Republican , " Andiola said . "  Immigration has become such a political issue that neither party is doing anything about it . " Right again . The object of the game seems to be for both parties to look busy while doing nothing and then blame the other side for getting nothing done . Democrats want to use the issue to bludgeon Republicans , but they 're also afraid of being seen as too sympathetic to illegal immigrants . It 's an issue both parties wish would go away for another decade . Andiola has been an activist since 2010 when she pushed for the DREAM Act , which promised legal status to undocumented young people , and against the Arizona immigration law , which encouraged racial profiling . Now she is sick of politics . While she still supports a path to citizenship for the undocumented , she first wants an end to the deportations juggernaut that has wreaked havoc on so many families , including her own . The deportation issue eventually hit home for Erika . As a DREAMer , she has been granted a two-year work permit under the program , Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals . But while this protects her from being deported , that protection does n't extend to her family . In January 2013 , ICE agents stormed her mother 's apartment and arrested her mother , Maria Arreola , and older brother , Heriberto . Erika mobilized her network , and her family was released -- though they still had to appear in court . In December 2013 , Arreola was granted a temporary stay of deportation . For a 27-year-old , Andiola has had enough experiences to fill several lives . Yet , despite it all , she knows who she is -- even if the answer does n't please everyone . In January 2013 , she was being interviewed by Univision anchor and commentator Jorge Ramos about her mother 's arrest . At the end of the interview , Ramos asked her : "  Que eres ? "  Who are you ?  He wanted to know if she identified as a Mexican or North American or what . I could tell that Ramos was hoping she 'd go with "  Mexican . " She did n't . "  I 'm very proud of my culture and heritage , " Andiola said . "  But I love this country . I think of myself as an American , a Mexican-American . " Told you . She 's one of ours . Now if we can just get her to teach her fellow Americans how to be less partisan and hold both parties ' feet to the fire , we might form a more perfect union .	Ruben Navarrette : We have to find ways to let the undocumented stay in the U.S. Navarrette espouses Erika Andiola , who is one of the most famous DREAMers He says D.C. is driven , unfortunately , by political games on the issue of immigration Navarrette : Neither Democrats nor Republicans are doing anything on reform
Mastodons -- elephant-like beasts that lumbered across North America more than 10,000 years ago -- are long extinct , but apparently it was n't tooth decay that did them in . A 9-year-old Michigan boy stumbled across something -- literally -- that , it turns out , is a mastodon tooth . "  I was walking down at the creek last summer . I felt something that I stepped on so I picked it up and everybody in the neighborhood thought it was pretty cool , " Philip Stoll told CNN on Friday . Affectionately called "  Huckleberry Phil " in his neighborhood near Lansing because of his penchant for exploring outside , Philip took the lump home and washed it off in the kitchen sink , and checked to see if it was magnetic , his mother , Heidi Stoll said . It was n't . The peculiar object was about 8 inches in length , brown , and had six peaks . "  I was holding it in my hands for a few minutes and then it gave me the creeps so I put it down on the desk , " Heidi Stoll told CNN . "  It looked like a tooth . It looked like there was something like gum tissue , a little bulgy thing around the top . " After researching "  large tooth object " on the Internet , mother and son reached out to James Harding , a herpetologist -- an expert on reptiles and amphibians -- at nearby Michigan State , who told them it was the tooth of one of the long-gone beasts that roamed the area millennia ago . "  This is indeed a mastodon tooth , " Professor Harding confirmed in an e-mail . "  Apparently  it is  the upper surface , broken off at the roots . " Philip told CNN that he always thought he might want to be a paleontologist -- a scientist who studies prehistoric life -- but now feels that more than ever . And with summer approaching , there 's more exploring to be done . "  It 's going to be hard to get him run around with shoes on or come inside to do his schoolwork , " Stoll said of her son .	A Michigan boy exploring a creek finds what looks like a really big , really old tooth The tooth is 8 inches in length , brown , and has six peaks An expert determines it 's a tooth from a long-extinct mastodon Mastodons were elephant-like beasts that roamed North America 10,000 years ago
Pasadena , California  CNN  -- A tender smile frames the face of Eva Perez as she remembers the life of her 6-year old son . "  Hernan was a very happy boy , " she says . "  He gave me flowers all the time . He 's the first ` man '  to  give me flowers . " But her smile is thinly veiled -- her face splintering into tears as she permits the raw truth to surface . On Valentine 's Day in 1999 , Hernan suffered severe head trauma while sledding in the snow-covered mountains above the Los Angeles basin . Eva says she tried to reach her son but could n't navigate thick snow and ice . She flagged down a passing vehicle and asked the occupants to alert authorities . Hernan was airlifted to Huntington Memorial Hospital , where , two days later , he was declared brain dead . A family care coordinator with One Legacy , an organ and tissue recovery agency , approached Eva and her husband , Arnold , to talk about donating Hernan 's organs . They decided to donate four of Hernan 's organs : his heart , liver and both kidneys . "  The right kidney went to an older white gentleman , " says Arnold Perez , Hernan 's stepfather . "  The left kidney went to an older Vietnamese gentleman . His heart went to a young American boy , and his liver was given to a young girl . " That young girl , 9-year old Megan Corfee , recently recalled the day when she and her mother , Debbie , received word that a donor organ was available . They were at a car wash when the pager from One Legacy started buzzing . "  I called the coordinator and she told me , ` We have a liver for Megan , get here as soon as you can , ' " Debbie said . "  I was like ` Wow ! That was fast , after only being of the donor waiting list two weeks . ' " When Megan was just 7 years old , she was diagnosed with autoimmune hepatitis , a liver disease that she says "  made my body think I did n't have a liver . " "  I was jaundiced and I was throwing up blood , " says Megan , who turns 22 this month . "  Basically , when they did the transplant , they said my liver was shrinking , so I was pretty sick . " Four years after her successful transplant , Megan sent a thank-you letter to the Perez family . In the letter , printed on floral paper , Megan tells the unnamed "  Donor family " she enjoys music and watching "  Cosby Show " reruns . "  I had my liver transplant when I was 9 years old . I am now 13 and I am doing very well , " she wrote . "  I am very thankful that you decided to have your loved one 's organs donated . " Three years after Megan sent that letter , the two families -- who lived about 30 miles away -- agreed to meet . "  Megan Corfee came to gladden our hearts , " Arnold Perez said . "  To me , she is an angel that was given life by another angel , and in our lives , she is a source of light . " Since they first met in 2006 , the Corfee and Perez families get together every year at fundraising events for Donate Life , which handles the national organ and tissue registry and helps to raise awareness about the benefits of organ donations . The Perezes treat Megan like their own child , and Eva and Megan have formed a particularly close bond , communicating nearly every day , either on the phone or via Facebook . It 's rare for donor and recipient families to meet , let alone forge such a close relationship , according to Bryan Stewart of Donate Life . "  In the case of Hernan , it was devastating for the family to lose him in such an accident , " Stewart said . "  And yet at that time , they saw the opportunity to leave a legacy of life where they could see Hernan 's gift grow into other people . " Megan 's mother said that sometimes , the meetings between the two families have "  been a little awkward , I think maybe  because of  the language barrier . " But , Debbie Corfee added , "  I see , especially in Megan , that it 's something that gives her a boost and a spark in life . That life is worth living because of her connection with this family . " On a recent Saturday morning at the Rosemont Pavilion next to the Rose Bowl , the Corfee and Perez families met to help hundreds of other volunteers decorate the Donate Life float for the Tournament of Roses Parade scheduled for January 1 . Eva grasped Megan 's hand tightly and said , "  Look at the float ! " "  One More Day , " read the banner , "  One more day I can have with Hernan and one more day that people are on the waiting list -- they want one more day to receive the transplant . " Three years ago , the Perez family was chosen to make a floragraph -- a floral portrait of Hernan on the Donate Life float featured in the parade . Eva Perez was selected to walk alongside the float , holding a tether to a hot-air balloon that featured a portrait of Hernan . "  She  was literally connected to his portrait , " Stewart said . "  So for her , it was like walking five miles with her son again . " This year , Arnold Perez was chosen by his fellow volunteers to represent them on the Donate Life float . He will be one of 28 float riders . The Perez family volunteers with Donate Life . Every week , Eva shares her story of loss to visitors to the Mexican Consulate in downtown Los Angeles in the hopes they will sign up to become organ and tissue donors . Eva Perez credits the organization for giving "  my son 's death meaning . " "  I realize that his organs and his life live on in other people , " she said . With their son never far from their thoughts , the Perez family will spend this Christmas at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City decorating Hernan 's grave site with tinsel , wreaths and artificial snow as they do every year . "  In the six short years that Hernan was on Earth , it was clear to see that he was a marvelous boy , " Arnold Perez said . "  The fact that he was so marvelous and generous made it easier for us to make the choice to have him be an organ and tissue donor . "  He was a happy child , and the time that I spent with him and held him were really the joy in my life . "	Eva Perez 's son died after a sledding accident when he was 6 years old She and her husband agreed to donate his organs His liver saved the life of a young girl with hepatitis Today , the two families have formed a special bond
Mashable  -- Twitter 's number of monthly unique visitors finally surpassed that of MySpace in August . Though it ranked third among social networking sites , Twitter ranked # 50 in the list of top 50 properties overall . The numbers were crunched by the marketing research firm comScore . Twitter 's lead over MySpace was marginal -- 96 million versus 95 million -- but the trend over time paints a prettier picture of the microblogging service . Between August 2009 and August 2010 , Twitter grew 76 percent while MySpace dropped 17 percent . It 's apples and oranges , though . Twitter is now a social publishing and news discussion platform more than anything , and MySpace is attempting to position itself as a destination for young people to discover new music , movies and games . Both appeal to brands that want to reach new people , but they 're very different tools for very different kinds of brands . Both sites look quite small next to Facebook , which reached 598 million monthly uniques in the same month . It grew 54 % over the past year . The second most popular social network , Windows Live , managed 140 million uniques , putting it closer to Twitter than to Facebook . Twitter has been moving quickly to capitalize on this growth . First it announced a new version of the front page that will make it easier to access photos , videos and other information without using other websites or programs . Many of Twitter 's users rarely visit the website at all ; they instead use desktop software or third-party interfaces on other websites to access their tweets . For that reason , Twitter 's actual reach might be higher than the numbers from comScore imply . A revamped website could lead people to use Twitter.com instead of whatever they 're using right now however , increasing the number of unique visitors the site receives now and in the future . Twitter already cashed in on its numerous users with Promoted Tweets , and now it will reach out to businesses with the "  Promoted Accounts " system , which allows companies to buy visibility among their target market 's "  Who to Follow " suggestions . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Twitter 's number of monthly unique visitors surpassed that of MySpace in August , comScore says Between August 2009 and August 2010 , Twitter grew 76 percent while MySpace faded Twitter 's actual reach might be higher than the numbers from comScore imply
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- A series of Boko Haram raids on four villages in northeast Nigeria 's Borno state has killed more than 50 people and destroyed more than 300 structures , including five churches , a government official said . On Sunday , gunmen on motorcycles stormed the Christian villages of Kwada , Ngurojina , Karagau and Kautikari near Chibok , the scene of the April 14 abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls , opening fire on residents and hurling explosives into homes and churches . Kwada was the worst affected . There , the attackers razed the village and its five churches during the attacks , which lasted five hours . "  We lost 54 people in the Sunday attacks on the four villages carried out by Boko Haram insurgents , who also destroyed over 300 homes , " a senior Borno state government official said . The official asked not to be named because he was not authorized to give a death toll . "  In Kwada , 36 bodies were recovered , making it the worst hit , " the official said . In the bush around the villages , which lie within 10 kilometers  6 miles  of Chibok , search teams looked for bodies late Sunday through Monday . The gunmen pursued fleeing residents into the bush and shot them dead , according to residents . A community leader in Chibok , who asked not to be named for fear of reprisals from Boko Haram , said 47 bodies were recovered by Monday morning and search teams were still combing the bush for more . On Sunday , 30 bodies were recovered , according to a Christian priest in Chibok . Barnabas Tanko , a member of a local defense group in Kwada , said the attackers faced resistance in Kautikari , where six of them were killed . Residents said a slow military response was responsible for the high death toll and massive destruction to homes as the attackers wreaked havoc for five hours before a military jet arrived . The attacks started around 8 a.m. local time and continued until 1 p.m. without military intervention , Tanko said . When they saw the fighter jet , the attackers disappeared into the bush , Tanko said . A Nigerian government spokesman said the military and air force went to the area , though they were "  a bit late . " Residents dismissed the claim as untrue .	The raids target four villages in Borno state Boko Haram Islamists are suspected in the attacks on predominantly Christian areas More than 300 structures , including five churches , have been destroyed
CNN Student News  -- April 26 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Missouri • Syria • Libya Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A color change , an egg roll , and an extraordinary talk show host . CNN Student News is back -- and so am I -- to bring you 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines from around the world . First Up : Storm Aftermath AZUZ : First up , police in Poplar Bluff , Missouri are going door to door , telling people to get out . That 's because of concerns about a levee on the Black River . Levees are barriers that are designed to prevent flooding . But according to an alert that went out yesterday from the National Weather Service , this levee "  is weakening by the minute and may fail at any time . " It 's another way that the state is suffering from the effects of severe weather . Poplar Bluff is about 130 miles south of St. Louis , and that 's where this damage happened . Parts of St. Louis hammered by a tornado over the weekend . If you 're in the path of a tornado , you 've probably heard the big safety tips , which might include get in the basement if you 're in a building that has one . Dan Simon is about to show you why . BEGIN VIDEO DAN SIMON , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : This was the most destructive tornado of the season . This is what an F-4 twister looks like . That assessment was made , in part , by the damage you see here at this house and what you 're seeing throughout the Harmon Estate subdivision , where we are in Missouri . I believe we 're in the kitchen area , and the reason why I 'm saying that is because we see that the refrigerator is right here . In any event , the guy who lives here has had a really rough time . He actually works at the airport . He was there when the tornado struck . He and his colleagues hunkered down there . Then he got a phone call saying that maybe his home was destroyed . He drove here and this is what he saw . And there 's something I want to point out here , because this is worth showing here on camera . You know how they always say that you should go to the basement . This is exactly why you should go downstairs to the basement during a tornado , because while the upstairs is gone , the house is destroyed , the basement is basically intact . You have a little bit of the roof coming down here from the rain , but for the most part , this basement is intact . The guy who lives here has a couple of dogs . The dogs actually took refuge in the basement and are OK . But here 's why you should go to the basement during a tornado . END VIDEO New Alert System AZUZ : The U.S. government 's updating its terrorism alert system to let Americans know about possible threats , and the new version goes into effect today . And you might be familiar with the old , color-coded system . It was put in place after the September 11th , 2001 terrorist attacks . There were five colors , from green through red , that indicated risks from low to severe . Under this new system , announced by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano last week , there will be two kinds of alerts : an elevated threat and an imminent threat . Napolitano said the goal of this change is to help people understand the threat better . That way they can know how to react . When she announced the new system last week , Secretary Napolitano said there is currently no threat that would qualify for either of the two new alert levels . This Day in History AZUZ : On this day in history , April 26th : In 1865 , John Wilkes Booth was tracked down and killed 12 days after he assassinated President Abraham Lincoln . In 1986 , unexpected problems during a mechanical test at the Chernobyl plant in the former Soviet Union led to the worst nuclear accident in history . And in 1994 , South Africa began its first multi-racial elections , which would lead to Nelson Mandela becoming the country 's first black president . Syria Unrest AZUZ : The United States is threatening penalties . United Nations Secretary Ban Ki-moon is calling for an investigation . All of it has to do with what 's going on right now in Syria . People in the city of Daraa , in southern Syria , have been protesting against their government for weeks . What we know is that Syrian military troops went into Daraa yesterday morning . What we do n't know is what exactly happened next . Some reports , including from the United Nations , say the military forces just started attacking residents , killing several people . But the Syrian government says residents asked the military to come to Daraa in order to protect them from supposed terrorists there . CNN has n't been able to verify the reports out of Syria because CNN is not allowed inside the country . NATO Strike AZUZ : This is what Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's compound looked like after an airstrike hit it yesterday . The strike was carried out by NATO , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization . That 's the group that 's leading the military operation in Libya . NATO says the target of the strike was a communications center that Colonel Gadhafi used to direct attacks against civilians . But a Libyan spokesman said NATO was trying to kill Gadhafi . He added , "  The message that was sent by NATO in the early hours ... was sent to the wrong address , " meaning that the attack missed Gadhafi . He also said the Libyan leader was still in command of the country . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's shoutout goes out to Ms. Capilla 's students at Madrid Middle School in El Monte , California ! According to a famous saying , what is the best medicine ? If you think you know it , then shout it out ! Is it : A  Love , B  Laughter , C  Money or D  Happiness ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Laughter is the best medicine . That 's how the saying goes , so that 's your answer and that 's your shoutout ! TV Host Inspires Others AZUZ : It 's an idea that Zack Anner is certainly familiar with . He 's a comedian and filmmaker , and he 's about to add another title to that resume : TV host . But one thing Zack says he does n't want to be called is inspirational . He might not think so . But after watching this report from our Dr. Sanjay Gupta , you might disagree . BEGIN VIDEO ZACH ANNER , TV TALK SHOW HOST : I come from a very creative family . My mother is a playwright ; my dad made videos , too . So , it was a great place to be . DR. SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : When he was growing up , Zach Anner always knew he wanted to work in film . ANNER : It was always like , whatever you want to do , we can find a way to do it . GUPTA : Now , at 26 , he lives in Austin and spends his days writing , editing and brainstorming with his production and support team , his friends . A year ago , Austin -- and really , the rest of the country -- did n't know who Zach was . And then he decided to enter a contest to become Oprah Winfrey 's next TV talk show star . OPRAH WINFREY , TV TALK SHOW HOST : How old were you when you figured out that you were different than the other kids ? ANNER : I knew that I had a wheelchair , obviously . They did n't shield that from me . GUPTA : As a result of the contest , Oprah gave Zach his own travel show , scheduled to air later this year . ANNER : That 's what the travel show is , taking life as it comes . And whatever you run into , you just learn to roll with it . GUPTA : And rolling with life 's obstacles , well , that 's just what Zach does . ANNER : You got ta have a sense of humor about everything . Because humor is just pain with perspective . GUPTA : You see , Zach has cerebral palsy . It 's a neurological disease that affects the brain 's ability to control body movements . But having CP never stopped him from doing what he wants to do . ANNER : Everybody has problems , is what I always say . And like , mine are no bigger than anyone else 's . And I think that 's the message that I want to get across . What I 've got to deal with is really small in the scheme of things . GUPTA : Zach gives his family a lot of credit for not dwelling on his disability . And his TV show wo n't either . He hopes some day to be an inspiration to others , but says he is not there yet and has this advice . ANNER : I would say to anybody who feels really like they are bogged down by their obstacles , just really think of who you are without those . And imagine yourself doing what you love to do , because that will drive you to do things you never thought you were capable of . GUPTA : Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN , reporting . END VIDEO iReport Promo AZUZ : Excellent story there . All right , next today : Teacher Appreciation Week . It 's next week . We 're gon na give you the chance to brag about your favorite teachers . You know you love them . So , bust out the camera , shoot a quick video , and tell us who your favorite teacher is and why . Then we want you to go here . This is our home page . You 're gon na scroll down to the "  Spotlight " section , which you see over here . Click on the "  Send Us Your iReport " link . And then maybe you 'll see yourself -- and your teacher appreciation message -- on CNN Student News . Before We Go AZUZ : Finally , before we go today , we want to check out a White House tradition . It 's the annual Easter Egg Roll ! President Obama playing referee for the competition , but the entire first family was there . Although , of course , the Easter Bunny was introduced first . The event included readings from popular children 's books and a special tent for cooking presentations . Guests also had the chance to do some yoga on the White House lawn and run through an obstacle course . Goodbye AZUZ : So , I guess the egg roll included a dairy dose of exercise , too . All right ! We 're gon na roll on out of here . But we 'll be back tomorrow with another egg-cellent edition of CNN Student News . You saw that coming . We 'll see you tomorrow .	See how a basement stood up to a tornado that destroyed the house above it Learn why the U.S. government is making a change to its terror alert system Hear advice on overcoming obstacles from a young entertainer who 's done so Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- Investigators trying to figure out what caused Wednesday 's massive bridge collapse are focusing on the southern end of the span , which "  behaved differently " as it fell , the National Transportation Safety Board said Friday . The NTSB says one part of the bridge shifted 50 feet as it fell , while other sections collapsed in place . The NTSB , which is investigating the disaster that killed at least five people and injured dozens , is also hoping another video provided by the Army Corps of Engineers will provide new images of the collapse . What 's getting investigators ' attention is the way the southern part of the bridge fell in a video they 've already examined -- recorded by a security camera near the bridge 's north end -- and the way the section settled after the collapse . "  It appears that it has shifted approximately 50 feet to the east and when we compare that to what we 've seen in the rest of the bridge -- the rest of the bridge appears to have collapsed in place , " said NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker , who is leading a 19-member team charged with determining the cause of the accident . "  We 're going to take a look at any unique design factors that could have created that shift ... for whatever reason . " It 's not the answer to the mystery of why the bridge fell , but a step forward , Rosenker said . The NTSB will also examine three more videos provided by the Army Corps of Engineers , one of which may show another view of the bridge falling , Rosenker said . Investigators are n't optimistic the other two will show anything because they were n't pointed at the bridge . On Thursday , U.S. Transportation Secretary Mary Peters notified state transportation departments to immediately inspect all bridges of the same design as the one that collapsed Wednesday on Interstate 35W into the Mississippi River in Minneapolis . Brian Turmail , spokesman for the Transportation Department , said there are about 750 bridges across the country that have similar steel deck truss designs . Turmail said the measure is being taken "  out of extreme caution . " Two reports published since 2001 have pointed to structural problems with the Interstate 35W bridge , but both reports determined the bridge was safe despite deficiencies . See which states have most troubled bridges " "  The bridge 's deck truss system has not experienced fatigue cracking , but it has many poor fatigue details on the main truss and the floor truss system , " said a report conducted for the Minnesota Department of Transportation in 2001 . The 40-year-old bridge is of a type known as deck steel truss . It has three parts : a deck , superstructure and substructure . The deck is made of concrete and rebar , the superstructure is made of steel and the substructure is made of steel and concrete footing , according to Rosenker . The executive summary of the 2001 Minnesota Department of Transportation report -- undertaken by the University of Minnesota 's Department of Civil Engineering -- points to fatigue problems with the bridge 's approach span , the segments that connect the main span of the bridge to land . However , the report said , "  Fatigue cracking is not expected during the remaining useful life of the bridge . " Watch the bridge collapse " In 2005 , the U.S. Department of Transportation 's National Bridge Inventory database concluded the bridge was "  structurally deficient . " Minnesota Department of Transportation bridge engineer Dan Dorgan said the term "  structurally deficient " is a Federal Highway Administration rating . Inspectors rate sections of the bridge on a 1 to 9 scale , with 9 being in excellent condition , he said . "  A structurally deficient condition is a bridge that would have a rating of 4 either in the deck , the superstructure or the substructure , " he said . "  Any one of those in condition 4 or less is considered structurally deficient . " But , he noted , out of 13,000 state and local bridges in Minnesota that are 20 feet and more in span , 1,160 of them -- 8 percent of the state 's bridges -- are considered structurally deficient . Tom Everett of the Federal Highway Administration 's National Bridge Inspection Program said the structurally deficient rating was a "  programatic classification rather than an indication of safety . " "  It does not indicate a bridge is dangerous or that that bridge must be replaced , " he said . The Minnesota bridge was deemed structurally deficient in 1990 , Dorgan said , "  due to corrosion of the bearings , so they were not able to move as freely as designed . " Later , inspectors found corrosion of steel around joints in the bridge and fatigue cracks in the approach spans . Those problems were repaired in the 1990s . "  Recent inspections in 2005 and 2006 found no evidence of cracking or growth in the existing cracks in the tab well that have been there since the day the bridge was built , " he said . Dorgan also cited an in-depth study of the bridge 's fatigue potential conducted from 2004 to 2007 that recommended two alternatives for the bridge 's future -- to add steel plates to reinforce critical parts of the bridge or to conduct thorough inspections of the wells inside the box to determine whether there were cracks . "  We chose the inspection route , and began in May , " he said , adding that officials intended to replace the bridge about 2020 . "  We had the bridge partially inspected and were going to complete that this fall after construction was done . " During a Wednesday news conference , Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty described the bridge deficiencies as "  minor " and said the state was told that the bridge 's deck might need to be rehabilitated or replaced in 2020 or later . View photos from the disaster " "  It was last inspected both in 2005 and 2006 . There were no structural deficiencies identified according to -LSB- the Minnesota Department of Transportation -RSB- , " Pawlenty said . Most bridges are inspected every two years and receive ratings based on the conditions of various components , according to the U.S. Department of Transportation . In addition to "  structurally deficient , " another bridge classification is "  functionally obsolete , " according to the Federal Highway Administration . A bridge is tagged structurally deficient when significant bridge elements have deteriorated and the bridge 's load-carrying capacity is reduced , according to the highway administration . A bridge is dubbed functionally obsolete when the bridge does not meet current design standards . Neither label indicates a bridge is unsafe for travel , the highway administration said . As of 2003 , there were about 160,570 bridges deemed structurally deficient or functionally obsolete , according to the American Society of Civil Engineers . The number represented 27.1 percent of the nation 's bridges . The American Society of Civil Engineers also reported that the number of bridge deficiencies had steadily declined from 34.6 percent in 1992 to 27.1 percent in 2003 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : NTSB says one section of bridge shifted 50 feet as it fell The rest of the bridge appears to have fallen in place Investigators to examine video that may show another view of the collapse
CNN  Fortunately , the intensive diplomatic efforts to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran and another war did n't stop after 47 Republican senators , led by freshman Sen. Tom Cotton , appeared to try to goad Iran 's leaders into forgoing a diplomatic solution to the nuclear dispute . Neither have they stopped since Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu delivered what was effectively a reelection campaign speech on the House floor . Despite so many concerted efforts to sabotage our diplomats , our negotiators are still hard at work to secure an agreement with Tehran that , if successfully concluded , will go down in the annals of diplomatic history as marking a new era for U.S.-Iran relations . Indeed , progress toward a political framework would move us closer to attainable safeguards on Iran 's nuclear program as well as jump-start a more productive relationship that could pay extra dividends for years to come . Before President Obama 's phone call with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani last fall -- the first direct contact between U.S. and Iranian heads of state in more than 30 years -- such an agreement seemed unthinkable . Now , with clear-eyed diplomacy , negotiators from the U.S. and five other countries , plus Iran , are in reach of delivering a peaceful resolution to the decade-long impasse over Iran 's nuclear program . Diplomats have tackled thorny , complex nonproliferation issues that have never been comprehensively addressed in a multilateral agreement before . They have labored to eliminate Iran 's potential pathways to a nuclear weapon while allowing the country to maintain a limited nuclear energy program , but under what is arguably the world 's most locked-down nuclear inspections regime . U.S. , German , British , French , Chinese and Russian negotiators are continuing to build on the solid success of the preliminary nuclear accord negotiated last year , the so-called Joint Plan of Action . That plan continues to grant inspectors daily access to Iran 's nuclear facilities in order to verify its adherence to the agreement . As a result , Iran 's nuclear program will be frozen for the first time since its inception , as diplomats craft a comprehensive resolution to this standoff . If and when a final agreement is reached , the President may temporarily waive some sanctions if Iran 's compliance can be verified . Congress has , for its part , authorized the President to provide limited , temporary and reversible sanctions relief so long as doing so advances U.S. national security interests . As former National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft and countless other national security experts have attested , such a diplomatic solution to this crisis is squarely in the national interests of the United States . In exchange for Iran following through on its promises to constrain its program in accordance with the agreement , the U.S. Congress will be asked to lift sanctions permanently . If Tehran demonstrates its long-term commitment to limit its nuclear program to exclusively peaceful purposes , then when the time comes , Congress should be ready to lift the sanctions . In the interim , it is crucial that all parties scrupulously adhere to the terms of this landmark agreement . While Iran must not install unauthorized centrifuges , attempt a secret program or otherwise fail to adhere to the agreement , the U.S. Congress also has responsibilities under the agreement , including appropriations for its execution and refraining from imposing new sanctions in violation of either the letter or the spirit of the deal . All this suggests that to jeopardize such progress at this critical stage would be reckless , if not foolhardy . Of course , history suggests that we should be cautious . And the stakes are indeed extremely high . But the last thing the world needs is another major war in the Middle East . Members of Congress should therefore join the preeminent statesmen , military officers and the overwhelming majority of the American public in welcoming what is poised to be a diplomatic success -- one that could protect U.S. security and prevent further instability in the Middle East that would result from a nuclear Iran . We should ensure that our diplomats have the support they need to reach the finish line and that our President is able to cross it .	47 Republican senators last week sent an open letter to Iran 's leadership Steve Cohen and Lawrence Wilkerson say Iran talks are at a critical stage
CNN  -- Thousands of people were evacuated from the coast of southern Spain on Friday as a wildfire menaced the wealthy resort town of Marbella , local authorities said . About 4,000 people were evacuated from the village of Ojen and an additional 2,000 people from the eastern part of Marbella , said Maria Jose Figueira , a spokeswoman for Marbella 's government . The fire has been brought under control in Marbella but continues to rage out of control north of Marbella near Ojen and Coin , Figueira said . At least one person is feared dead after a charred body , thought to be that of an elderly man , was found in Ojen , she told CNN . An injured German couple has been admitted to the Carlos Haya Hospital in Malaga , she added . The wildfire started Thursday in Coin , to the north of Marbella , Figueira said . It was at its most intense at noon Friday near the villages of Ojen , Coin and Monda , Spain 's Efe news agency reported . A racetrack in Marbella and a sports center in the Monda area have been set up as shelters for those forced to leave their homes , the news agency said . However , those previously ordered to leave their homes in Marbella can now return , Figueira said . The Costa del Sol , in Spain 's Andalucia region , is popular with visitors for its Mediterranean beaches and sunshine , and is home to large numbers of expatriates , particularly from Britain . The UK Foreign Office said it was working with Spanish authorities . "  We estimate that several hundred British nationals have been evacuated , including some 300 who have been relocated to evacuation centers in the La Cala de Mijas and Calahonda areas , " a Foreign Office spokeswoman said . Marbella , studded with luxurious villas , is known as a destination for the rich and famous . Monda and Ojen lie in the foothills of the Sierra de las Nieves , a mountainous area designated a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve in 1995 , according to the Costa del Sol Tourist Board . Greek island fights fires , drop in tourism Wildfires challenge firefighters in northern California CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Thousands of people are evacuated in the Marbella area of the Costa del Sol The forest fire broke out Thursday to the north of the resort town A charred body has been found and two people have been injured , authorities say
Jackson , Georgia  CNN  -- Troy Davis , whose case drew international attention , was put to death by lethal injection for the 1989 killing of an off-duty police officer in Savannah , Georgia , prison officials announced Wednesday night . Until the very end , Davis maintained his innocence . After he was strapped to the death gurney , he lifted his head to address the family of the slain officer . He told the family of Mark MacPhail that he was not responsible for the officer 's death and did not have a gun at the time , according to execution witnesses . Davis said the case merited further investigation , talking fast as officials prepared to give him the lethal cocktail . The execution followed the U.S. Supreme Court 's rejection of a stay , allowing the state to proceed . Davis was declared dead at 11:08 p.m. ET . Throughout the day , Davis ' lawyers and high-profile supporters had asked the state and various courts to intervene , arguing he did not murder MacPhail in 1989 . Davis initially had been scheduled to die by lethal injection at 7 p.m. ET . But the proceeding was delayed more than three hours as the justices pondered a plea filed by his attorney . Several hundred people , most of them opposing the proceeding , gathered outside the state prison in Jackson where Davis , 42 , awaited his fate . Others held a vigil in a nearby church . The inmate 's sister , Martina Davis-Correia , was among those who held a vigil outside the prison . Before the U.S. Supreme Court 's decision , she said officials needed to take more time to examine the case . "  When you are looking at someone 's life , you ca n't press rewind , " she said . More than 100 officers , many in riot gear , stood guard over the largely-quiet gathering , which featured candles , occasional prayers and songs . "  Tonight the state of Georgia legally lynched an innocent man , " Davis ' lawyer Thomas Ruffin Jr. said . "  Tonight I witnessed something tragic . " Amnesty International condemned the execution in a statement . "  The U.S. justice system was shaken to its core as Georgia executed a person who may well be innocent . Killing a man under this enormous cloud of doubt is horrific and amounts to a catastrophic failure of the justice system , " Amnesty said . Anneliese MacPhail , the slain officer 's mother , said she was relieved and that justice was served . Davis ' supporters , who also rallied outside the U.S. Supreme Court building , argued that his conviction was based on the testimony of numerous witnesses who had recanted , including a jailhouse informer who claimed Davis had confessed . "  There 's a genuine feeling among people here and across the nation that we 're about to do the unthinkable , " said Isaac Newton Farris Jr. , president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference . But prosecutors have stood by the conviction and every appeal -- including the last-minute petitions filed Wednesday -- has failed . Davis ' supporters cheered and hugged each other when news of the earlier delay reached them . Davis ' attorneys started the day by asking a judge in Jackson , where Georgia 's death row is located , to halt the proceeding , citing a new analysis they say shows ballistics testimony at his trial was "  inaccurate and misleading . " They also note that a federal judge found in 2010 that a jailhouse informer 's testimony that Davis confessed to killing MacPhail was "  patently false " and that prosecutors knew a key eyewitness account was wrong . "  Clearly , the fact that Mr. Davis ' death sentence rests in part on ` patently false ' and egregiously inaccurate and misleading testimony , evidence and argument renders the death sentence fundamentally unfair , unreliable and therefore violative of the Eighth and Fourteenth Amendments , " his attorneys argued in a motion filed Wednesday morning . That appeal was denied Wednesday afternoon . The state Supreme Court followed suit a short time later , leading his attorneys to turn to the U.S. Supreme Court in the final hour before the execution . Davis has been scheduled to die three times before , most recently in October 2008 . That time , the U.S. Supreme Court halted the execution two hours before it was scheduled to take place . This time , Davis declined to request the special last meal offered inmates prior to execution and was offered a standard meal tray : Grilled cheeseburgers , oven-browned potatoes , baked beans , coleslaw , cookies and a grape drink . "  He has continued to insist this is not his last meal , " said the Rev. Raphael Warnock , the senior pastor at Atlanta 's Ebenezer Baptist Church . Pope Benedict , South African anti-apartheid leader Desmond Tutu and former President Jimmy Carter said the execution should have been called off . Amnesty International and the NAACP led efforts to exonerate Davis , and U.N. human rights officials joined those calls Wednesday . "  Not only do we urgently appeal to the government of the United States and the state of Georgia to find a way to stop the scheduled execution , but we believe that serious consideration should be given to commuting the sentence , " read a joint statement from the U.N. special rapporteurs on arbitrary executions , judicial independence and torture . But the man who originally prosecuted the case , Spencer Lawton , said those who do not believe there is physical evidence in the case are wrong . "  There are two Troy Davis cases , " Lawton said Tuesday . "  There is the legal case and the public relations case . We have consistently won in court , and consistently lost in the public relations battle . " Since Davis ' 1991 trial , seven of the nine witnesses against him have recanted or contradicted their testimony . The U.S. Supreme Court ordered a district court in Savannah to review his claims of innocence in 2009 , but District Judge William Moore ruled the following year that the evidence did "  not require the reversal of the jury 's judgment . " The parole board rejected a plea for clemency on Tuesday . In Georgia , only the board -- not the governor -- has the right to grant clemency . And a request that Davis be allowed to sit for a polygraph by his attorneys was also rejected by the state Department of Corrections . Davis ' supporters argue he was the victim of a rush to judgment by police seeking justice for the death of one of their own , as well as widespread racial prejudice in the criminal justice system . Warnock said several other inmates have been proven innocent in recent years . Supporters argued that the original witnesses who testified against Davis were fearful of police and spoke under duress . Other witnesses also have since come forward with accounts that call Davis ' conviction into question , according to his supporters . According to prosecutors , Davis was at a pool party in Savannah when he shot a man , Michael Cooper , wounding him in the face . He then went to a nearby convenience store , where he pistol-whipped a homeless man , Larry Young , who 'd just bought a beer , according to accounts of the case . Prosecutors said MacPhail rushed to the scene to help , but Davis shot him three times . They said Davis shot the officer once in the face as he stood over him . A jury convicted Davis on two counts of aggravated assault and one count each of possessing a firearm during a crime , obstructing a law enforcement officer and murder . The murder charge led to the death sentence . Anneliese MacPhail said earlier this week that she did n't begrudge protesters their opinions . But she said they do n't understand the facts of the case . "  To them the point is the death penalty . Ninety-nine percent have absolutely no idea who Troy Davis is or who Mark MacPhail was , " she said . "  They 're just following their belief . " CNN 's David Mattingly , Vivian Kuo , Bill Mears , Gustavo Valdes and John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	Inmate tells victim 's family he is not guilty Troy Davis put to death late Wednesday U.S. Supreme Court denied stay of execution The original prosecutor says the facts support Troy Davis ' sentence
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea said Tuesday that it would release an unspecified number of prisoners in February to mark the birthdays of the two dictators who ruled the reclusive nation for a total of more than 60 years . The amnesty of "  convicts , " ordered by a parliamentary decree , will begin February 1 , the state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  reported . KCNA said the move ties in with the centenary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the revered founder of North Korea who ran the country between 1945 and 1994 , and the 70th birthday of his son , Kim Jong Il , who succeeded him and remained in power until his death last month . Leadership of the repressive regime has now passed to a third generation of the Kim family : Kim Jong Un , the youngest son and chosen successor of Kim Jong Il . North Korea tends to grant amnesties to prisoners at five-year intervals after an important date , like the founding of the Korean Workers ' Party , according to Park In-ho , the president of Daily NK , an internet news company that monitors developments in North Korea from Seoul . But the centennial of Kim Il Sung 's birthday , for which huge commemorations are expected , could result in a particularly large release of prisoners , Park said . In any year , Kim Il Sung 's birthday on April 15 , known as the "  Day of the Sun , " is one of the biggest dates in the North Korean calendar . His 100th birthday , combined with the 70th anniversary of the birth of Kim Jong Il on February 16 , is likely to considerably intensify the regime 's commemorative efforts . But Park cautioned that whatever the scale of this year 's amnesty , which is unlikely to include a high proportion of political prisoners , he does not think it will represent an improvement in North Korea 's human rights record . "  We have had heard that usually within three months , large numbers of other people get hauled into the prison camps again , " he said . "  So in the long run , the country maintains almost the same number of prisoners consistently , aside from the one or two months immediately after the amnesty order . " Gauging the number of people detained by North Korea is difficult because of the regime 's secretiveness and restrictions on foreign agencies operating there . International organizations estimate that North Korea holds about 200,000 political prisoners . Park said that he believed the overall prison population to be between 300,000 and 400,000 . North Korea is estimated to have a total population of about 23 million people . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The prisoner amnesty ties in with the birthdays of two dead North Korean dictators Pyongyang does n't specify how many prisoners will be released The regime periodically carries out amnesties on important anniversaries International organizations estimate that North Korea holds about 200,000 political prisoners
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Six U.S. soldiers were killed Wednesday in Iraq when a bomb exploded in a booby-trapped house while they were on patrol north of Baghdad , the military announced . U.S. soldiers conduct a house-to-house assessment mission in Baghdad on Wednesday . Four soldiers were also wounded in the attack and evacuated to a coalition forces hospital , Multi-National Corps-Iraq said . The troops were taking part in Operation Iron Harvest -- a new drive against Islamic militants in northern Iraq after a spate of attacks on local anti-insurgent groups . The operation is part of a nationwide push against jihadists loyal to al Qaeda in the provinces of Diyala , Salaheddin , Nineveh , and Tameem . "  It will be a difficult fight , but we will continue to execute simultaneous operations in each one of our four provinces , " said Maj. Gen. Michael Hertling , commander of U.S. troops in northern Iraq . But resistance in the "  breadbasket " region in eastern Diyala so far is "  less than anticipated , " he said . The offensive -- which has been centered near Muqdadiya -- has left 20 to 30 suspected insurgents dead in the area around that city , Hertling said . About 24,000 U.S. troops , 50,000 Iraqi soldiers and 80,000 local police are based in the region . In addition , about 15,000 Iraqis are taking part in anti-insurgent groups known as Concerned Local Citizens or Awakening Councils . The groups will perform defensive security tasks during the operation , the U.S. military said . The new push comes just short of a year since President Bush ordered almost 30,000 additional troops to Iraq to secure Baghdad and its surrounding provinces . Al Qaeda in Iraq has been deeply rooted in Muqdadiya , about 62 miles north of Baghdad , since about 2004 . Wednesday 's deaths occurred in an agricultural area on the north side of the Diyala River from the city . The U.S. military has conducted operations there in the past and has frequently come under fire . One recent operation ended with several insurgents killed and a large amount of weapons and explosives seized , a military source told CNN . The bombing Wednesday was the first incident involving multiple deaths of U.S. soldiers in Iraq since September 10 , when seven Multi-National Division-Baghdad soldiers died and 11 were injured in a vehicle accident in western Baghdad . The last attack in which so many U.S. troops died from hostile action happened May 28 , when six Task Force Lightning soldiers were killed by explosions near their vehicles during operations in Diyala province . Awakening Councils Iraq 's concerned-citizens groups began forming in the country 's predominantly Sunni Arab regions in late 2006 , and their cooperation with U.S. forces against the jihadists has been credited with much of the decline in violence in Iraq since summer . But that cooperation has made them an increasing target for al Qaeda in Iraq , which Hertling said has launched a campaign of intimidation against the locals . Monday , five severed heads were left on a road leading to Baquba "  with Arabic writing in blood on the forehead which said , ` Join the Concerned Citizens and you will end up like this , ' " Hertling said . And he played video from an aerial surveillance drone that showed three people in Diyala assassinating another person -- pulling the victim from a vehicle , shooting him and leaving him in a ditch . They were eventually captured , and information was found linking them to al Qaeda in Iraq , he said . Hertling said that even though there has been a reduction in attacks across the country , there has been an increase in "  high-profile , spectacular " events in his region , citing a suicide vest attack and a bridge bombing that sparked media attention and made the region look as if it were "  reeling . " But he said attacks like those will prove to be the jihadists ' "  Achilles ' heel , " turning the population against them and driving them toward the concerned citizens ' groups . "  It 's sort of a reverse counterintuitive logic , " Hertling said . "  They are trying to intimidate people that join them by killing them , and it 's causing more people to go against them . " And Hertling said Nineveh -- home of the country 's third-largest city , Mosul -- is an important geographic region because it borders Syria . Sunni militants long have crossed the border from Syria into Iraq to stage attacks , and Mosul 's diverse , cosmopolitan population has made it an easy place for jihadist operatives to hide , he said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Troops were taking part in new offensive , dubbed Operation Iron Harvest Six soldiers die when bomb explodes in booby-trapped house Blast also leaves 4 U.S. soldiers wounded It 's the first incident involving multiple deaths of U.S. soldiers in Iraq since September
CNN  -- An online campaign to get One Direction to visit a Colorado teen critically wounded at school has led to a video message from the British boy band . Claire Davis , 17 , is in a coma in a Littleton , Colorado , hospital six days after another senior at Arapahoe High School shot her and then took his own life . Friends , who said Davis is a big One Direction fan , began a Twitter campaign to get the group 's attention using the hashtag #Get1DtoClaire . The group recorded a 13-second video message and sent it directly to Claire 's family , a source close to One Direction told CNN Thursday . While it was not intended to be shared online , her boyfriend apparently uploaded it to YouTube , the source said . The video shows singer Liam Payne delivering the message as the other four members stand by . "  Hi , Claire . We 've heard you were a big fan and we just wanted to show you some love , " Payne said . "  What 's happened to you is absolutely terrible , something we ca n't bear thinking about , so we just wanted to share some love with you . All our prayers are with you and your family . Hope you get well soon . Lots of love . " Louis Tomlinson then blew a kiss toward the camera . The group could n't be with Claire , but wanted to do something for her , the source said . Claire Davis described as sweet , smart , a horse lover Word of the One Direction video spread quickly on Twitter Thursday . "  Guys 1D found out about Claire , " read one tweet linking to the YouTube message . "  In case you have n't seen this ... #get1Dtoclaire worked !!!! So so proud of everyone , " said another . The shooter , identified as 18-year-old Karl Pierson , was looking for revenge against a librarian , but could n't find the faculty member . He killed himself as a school resource officer closed in , police said . Davis was a random victim , police surmised , and the gunman and victim did n't know each other . Colorado school shooter planned larger attack , Sheriff 's Office says CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  What 's happened to you is absolutely terrible , " Liam Payne says in video "  All our prayers are with you and your family . Hope you get well soon . Lots of love , " he says One Direction sent the video to the family , but her boyfriend uploaded it to YouTube Claire Davis is in a coma six days after being shot by a classmate at school
CNN  -- As plans for the weekend funeral of singer Whitney Houston took shape , investigators continued Thursday to look into the singer 's prescription drugs and her actions in the days before her death . Investigators are aware of Houston 's partying at the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills , California , and other venues "  even the night before she died , " a source close to the death investigation told CNN 's Don Lemon on Thursday . Hotel personnel have said Houston , 48 , was "  partying the night before her death in the bar , " the source said . Investigators are looking at video from Houston 's television appearances and other reports as part of the investigation into her physical state and behavior leading up to her death , the source said . Houston died Saturday on the eve of the Grammy Awards . Hotel surveillance video could reveal Houston 's activities in the common areas of the hotel , the source said . The source would not confirm such video exists , but said investigators have requested it . The anti-anxiety medication Xanax was among prescription drugs found in the room , the source said . Houston 's family members and staff confirmed she used the medication , the source said , but investigators do n't know whether she took it the day she died . No Valium or other drugs classified as benzodiazepines , or sedatives , were found in the room , according to the source . Houston also had a prescription for the antibiotic amoxicillin , the source said , but "  if taken as prescribed , it 's not going to kill you . " Medicine and pill bottles found in Houston 's hotel room are currently undergoing basic testing , but nothing so far indicates anything criminal occurred , the source said . Officials are trying to speed up toxicology testing , the source told CNN . The source also said any preliminary reporting that family members were told a deadly mixture of alcohol and drugs led to Houston 's death is speculative . Investigators do not know what mixture , if any Houston , had in her body . When paramedics arrived in Houston 's hotel suite , she was in the room , not in the bathroom , the source said . "  She was lying on the floor , wet , on her back " and had already been removed from the bathtub , according to the source . "  No one official ever saw her in the bathtub or the bathroom , " the source said . "  The assistant and a bodyguard reported to emergency personnel that Houston was removed from the tub . " Her body was initially discovered by her assistant , Mary Jones , who was often called "  Aunt Mary , " a family source said earlier this week . The source said investigators have contacted physicians and pharmacies around the country for information . The Mickey Fine Pharmacy and Grill in Beverly Hills was one of the pharmacies subpoenaed , the source said . The pharmacy did nothing criminal and is not the focus of the investigation , the source said . One of the prescriptions found in Houston 's suite was from Mickey Fine , according to Ed Winter , assistant chief coroner at the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office . But "  the prescription that came from Mickey Fine is not something that would kill her , " Winter has said . Mickey Fine is "  getting a bad rap from some in the media as if they 're the ones doling out prescriptions , " the source told CNN . "  They 're actually the good guys and have been extremely cooperative with the investigation . " Winter has said that while prescription medication was found in Houston 's room , the amount was less than that usually present in overdose deaths . A second source , briefed on Houston 's behavior and activity in the days before her death , said she was seen ordering and consuming considerable quantities of alcohol at the hotel two mornings last week . Houston ordered the drinks before 10 a.m. last Wednesday and Thursday from the bars in the lobby and pool area , the second source said Wednesday . Guests both days overheard Houston loudly complaining about her drinks , accusing bartenders of "  watering down " or "  putting too much ice " in them , the source said . Other guests expressed concern about Houston 's erratic behavior , according to the source . Her disheveled appearance , including mismatched clothing , suggested to them that she was intoxicated . The source said Houston was seen jumping in and out of the pool and doing somersaults in the pool area . Saturday , the day she died , Houston was seen drinking at the pool in the morning , although the source noted witnesses said her behavior did not appear erratic . Houston 's death certificate , filed Wednesday , listed her cause of death as "  deferred , " meaning a determination is delayed pending more information . Speculation has grown while authorities await the outcome of toxicology tests that could take weeks . "  I know there are reports that she maybe was drowned or did she overdose , but we wo n't make a final determination until all the tests are in , " Winter said earlier . He ruled out foul play and said there were no injuries to Houston 's body . Houston 's battles with drug addiction had cast a shadow in recent years over her impressive singing voice and her talent . However , a close family friend told CNN Tuesday that Houston had not used "  hard drugs " for several years , although she was taking medication for a throat infection and Xanax or a similar drug for anxiety and to help her sleep . The friend said Houston was also known to have a drink if she went out . In Newark , New Jersey , fans left balloons , candles and photographs of the singer in front of the church where her funeral will take place Saturday . At New Hope Baptist Church , the Newark house of worship where Houston sang as a child , preparations were under way for the private , invitation-only service . Actor Kevin Costner , who starred with Houston in the 1992 hit movie "  The Bodyguard , " will speak at her funeral , according to a source with knowledge of the funeral plans . The ceremony will feature performances by Stevie Wonder , Alicia Keys and Aretha Franklin , who is Houston 's godmother , a Houston representative said . Singer Roberta Flack will attend , but it was not known Thursday whether she would perform . Houston 's former husband , Bobby Brown will attend and perform later in the day with his group New Edition . Brown considers performing as therapy to get him through a difficult time , a source close to him said . Houston 's funeral will be broadcast Saturday Samuel DiMaio , Newark police director , told reporters Thursday his advice to fans and curious members of the public was to stay home and watch the ceremony on television , as they will not be able to get close to the church . The service is expected to be made available for television and web streaming , Houston 's publicist said . A perimeter will be set up for four blocks in two directions , and two blocks in the other directions , DiMaio said . The closest the public will be able to get is a staging area two blocks away . Although the family is not commenting on Houston 's burial location , her death certificate filed Wednesday in Los Angeles lists it as Fairview Cemetery in Westfield , New Jersey . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie announced earlier this week that he plans to have the state 's flags fly at half-staff on Friday . Since then , Christie has been standing ground against critics who disagree with his choice to use a tribute typically used to honor fallen soldiers or first responders . One Twitter user weighed in , "  Our flag is to be used to honor true American heroes , the ones you just disrespected . " To that response , Christie seemed to agree to disagree . "  Many in the state are mourning the loss of a cultural icon in NJ 's history , " he wrote . "  We are recognizing her for those contributions . " Educators and Houston friends in East Orange , New Jersey , where Houston attended school . are firm in the their recollections . "  She was a beautiful little girl , very quiet , " said Henry Hamilton , who was Houston 's principal while she was at Franklin Elementary School . "  She was well-respected and never came to the office for discipline problems . " The school is now called the Whitney E. Houston Academy of Creative and Performing Arts . Childhood friend Erica Taylor said the Houston residence was popular in the summertime : It was the only one to have a built-in swimming pool . "  We would talk about boys and what we were doing over the summer and how it was just fun to be in the pool , " said Taylor . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Kareen Wynter , Ross Levitt , Gary Tuchman , Stan Wilson , Alan Duke , Denise Quan and Deb Feyerick contributed to this report .	Investigators trying to speed up toxicology results , source says New Jersey governor catches heat on flags flying half-staff Friday Police advise Houston fans to watch funeral on TV , Internet Residents of East Orange , New Jersey , recall Houston 's school days
CNN  -- A Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , police officer who told authorities he was shot while on patrol last month has admitted he shot himself intentionally , the city 's police commissioner said Tuesday . Sgt. Robert Ralston , 46 , confessed to police early Tuesday morning that he made up the story , possibly to a get attention or a transfer , Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said in a news conference . Ralston reported that on April 5 he saw two African-American males arguing on a train track in West Philadelphia . He told investigators that when he stopped the two men for questioning one of them pulled out a gun and shot him in the left shoulder . His claim sparked a search for a phantom suspect . Ramsey noted that there were many inconsistencies throughout the month-long investigation . "  The evidence never did match up . We have forensic evidence at the scene that did not match with the story , " he said . One example of inconsistent evidence was that the gunpowder residue found on Ralston 's shirt matched the ammunition used by the police department , he said . The commissioner said that Ralston , who is white , told police his attackers were black because the district where the shooting took place is predominately black . "  It 's troubling in a lot of ways , " Ramsey said . "  It inflames racial tensions in our community , and that 's certainly something we do n't need . " Ralston , a 21-year veteran of the police force , will be made to pay the cost of the investigation that followed his report , and has been suspended with the intent to dismiss , Ramsey said . He will not , however , face criminal charges because police granted him immunity to obtain his confession .	Philadelphia Police Sgt. Robert Ralston confessed to making up story to get attention or transfer Ralston reported he was shot during encounter with African-American males on train track Inconsistent evidence trapped Ralston , Commissioner Charles Ramsey says Ralston suspended with intent to dismiss ; no criminal charges in exchange for confession
CNN  -- Even as they trade barbs publicly -- and even as artillery shells and accusations continue to fly in Syria -- the United States and Russia could take solace Friday in at least one respect : They are still talking . Discussions between the two in Geneva -- centered around Moscow 's proposal to have Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government hand over its chemical weapons stockpile -- were supposed to end Friday . They continued through the night and were extended into Saturday for a reason , U.S. officials said . "  If there was no opening , we would n't still be here , " a senior State Department official said . An Obama administration official said separately that "  we are coming closer to agreement on the scope of Syria 's chemical weapons stockpile . " And even before the Geneva talks ' extension was announced , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov signaled their intent to meet again : on September 24 in New York on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly . The prospect of yet another round of negotiations in the next few weeks pointed to a potentially bigger endgame for the United States and Russia in the hastily arranged meeting they began on Thursday in the Swiss city . That 's not to say all of the many outstanding issues -- on Syria 's chemical weapons and much more -- have been resolved . Senior U.S. administration officials told reporters on condition of not being identified the main sticking point was what consequences al-Assad and his government should face . These officials have no expectations Russia would agree to any U.N. resolution that included authorization for possible military force against Syria . The United States , therefore , will not insist it be included . That runs counter to Obama 's call for the international community to take action , including a potential military strike , for what the United States and allies call a chemical weapons attack by al-Assad 's forces last month outside Syria 's capital that they say killed more than 1,400 people . Obama has threatened to act alone , if necessary , and his administration credits that threat with Russia 's surprise proposal last week to have Syria turn over its chemical weapons arsenal to international control . Outside of the United Nations , however , administration officials insisted they would not take the military threat off the table . A senior defense official said there has been "  no change " in the military 's planning or readiness levels and commanders have not been instructed to change their "  posture " in any way . Chemical weapons report expected Monday The United Nations -- and especially its Security Council , including permanent members the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain -- could play a key role in the international community 's response to Syria . And a report by its inspectors looking into an August 21 chemical weapons attack outside Damascus could be pivotal in guiding where countries come down on the issue . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-mooon is expected to present the report to the Security Council at 11 a.m. Monday , three diplomatic sources said . Ban said Friday that he believes it "  will be an overwhelming report that chemical weapons were used . " The big questions are by whom and , if that 's settled , what the world should do about it . Al-Assad and other Syrian officials have vehemently denied their forces were responsible , despite assertions by Obama and others to the contrary . Russia has stood by its longtime ally Syria , challenging the validity of the U.S. claims . At the same time , and as the threat of U.S.-led strikes loomed , Moscow raised its proposal on Syria 's chemical weapons stockpiles and working through the U.N. -- this after , time and again , blocking U.N. action involving Syria . Al-Assad quickly agreed , leading to the talks between Kerry and Lavrov in Geneva that began Thursday . Syria also told the United Nations on Thursday that it has sent the paperwork for joining the Chemical Weapons Convention , which bans such armaments . The Syrian submission was being reviewed by U.N. lawyers . If deemed sufficient , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon would register it and Syria would officially be a member state in the convention . U.N. envoy : U.S.-Russia talks ` extremely important ' At first , the Geneva talks were about Russia 's proposal Monday for Syria to give up control of its chemical weapons , which the United States had demanded in order for Obama to drop plans to launch military strikes . Syrian crisis : Keeping up with key developments Now the stakes have gotten higher , with Kerry telling reporters that progress in the broader peace process will largely depend on whether the current Geneva negotiations on Syria 's chemical weapons succeed . A communique from last year 's Syrian peace talks attended by all parties called for a ceasefire and establishing a fully inclusive transitional government to write a new constitution . That went nowhere , however . In fact , the U.N. estimates more than 100,000 people have been killed since the civil war began in 2011 , in addition to more than 2 million becoming refugees and over 4 million being displaced within Syria . Lakhdar Brahimi , the joint U.N.-Arab League envoy on Syria , expressed fresh hopes Friday that a peaceful , political solution to end the war could be reached . Kerry and Lavrov 's talks were a big reason for his optimism , with Brahimi calling them "  extremely important " -- not regarding chemical weapons , but for the peace process generally . ' A criminal act ' To keep up pressure on al-Assad , Obama on Friday described last month 's chemical weapons attack a "  criminal " act . Ban weighed in as well , saying the Syrian leader "  has committed many crimes against humanity , and therefore I am sure there will be surely a process of accountability when everything is over . " U.S. officials say the mere existence of talks with Russia on the matter is progress , noting that such a prospect would not have been considered just a week ago due to Moscow 's repeated efforts to block U.N. action against Syria . Syrian civil war : 5 things to pay attention to today Speaking to reporters Friday after he and Lavrov met with Brahimi , Kerry called the talks about Syria 's chemical weapons "  constructive . " "  We are working hard to find common ground to be able to make that happen . And we discussed some of the homework that we both need to do , " Kerry said . Lavrov said Russia had promoted a peaceful solution to Syria 's civil war , adding that the communique agreed to in last year 's first round of peace talks involving all the parties had been "  basically abandoned . " On chemical weapons , Lavrov said international officials had to work together "  to design a road which would make sure that this issue is resolved quickly , professionally , as soon as practical . " Opinion : Is diplomacy the harder solution in Syria ? Getting chemical weapons fraught with challenges Even if all parties agree , weapons experts say the already major challenge of putting Syria 's chemical stockpile under international control would be extremely difficult , if not impossible , amid an active civil war . Syria this week acknowledged that it possesses chemical weapons and wants to join the global convention that bans them . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reports that the convention would become legally binding on Syria 30 days after it formally joins , meaning al-Assad 's government would have to permit inspections at that time . After another 30 days -- which would be 60 days from when it formally joined the convention -- Syria would have to declare its chemical weapons stockpiles . On Thursday , al-Assad noted that joining the convention would give Syria the standard 30 days from compliance to declare its stockpiles , but Kerry responded by expressing concern about that long a time period , saying "  we believe there is nothing standard about this process . " At the State Department on Friday , spokeswoman Marie Harf said that "  verifying , accounting for securing and destroying a large stockpile of chemical weapons takes time , " adding that "  it 's very difficult to do , particularly in an active war zone . " "  If we keep forward momentum , if we believe there 's a credible and verifiable plan on the table to do just that , we 'll keep moving forward with that process , because resolving this issue diplomatically is certainly preferable to resolving it or to dealing with it with military action , " Harf said . In Turkey , U.S. soldiers guard against Syrian missile threat Political hurdles Obama had tried to put together a NATO coalition to attack Syria , but the British Parliament voted against taking part , denying him a normally reliable ally . Other allies said they wanted U.N. authorization in the form of a Security Council resolution before they would join a coalition . The president then asked Congress to authorize a military response in Syria but appeared in danger of losing that vote until the Russian proposal Monday provided a diplomatic opening . In a speech to the nation Tuesday night , Obama made moral and strategic arguments for taking action on Syria , challenging Congress and the American public to look at video footage of victims of the chemical attack . Russian President Vladimir Putin responded with an op-ed posted Wednesday night on the New York Times ' website , saying "  there is every reason to believe " Syrian troops were n't responsible , while challenging Washington and the idea of "  American exceptionalism . " His remarks provoked a strong reaction in the United States , with some U.S. politicians deeming them insulting and sickening . But rather than step back , Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov fired back by claiming Washington was "  unaccustomed  to  competition " in global matters and has "  grown too used to patting everyone on the back patronizingly . " Other questions loom in Washington . One has to do with the Syrian opposition , some of whom are already receiving U.S.-funded weapons and ammunition , according to a U.S. official . Yet there 's some questions about the mix of moderates and Islamist extremists among the rebels , including some who are affiliated with al Qaeda . Then there 's the issue of Syria 's chemical weapons themselves , and whether it 's possible to track all of them down . Some U.S. intelligence analysts believe it 's known where most of Syria 's stockpile is stored , according to two U.S. officials familiar with internal discussions . But others say the United States might not be able to verify the location of up to 50 % of them . 7-year-old 's story shows pain , worry of Syrian refugees CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Athena Jones , Greg Botelho , Saad Abedine , Hamdi Alkhshali , Samira Said , Jethro Mullen , Elise Labott , Chris Lawrence , Jamie Crawford , Ben Brumfield and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N.-Arab League calls the Kerry , Lavrov talks "  extremely important " NEW : A Russian spokesman says U.S. is "  unaccustomed " to competition Official : Two sides are "  closer to agreement " on scope of Syria 's chemical weapons
CNN  -- Managers will be able to demand review of up to two umpiring decisions beginning full time with the regular season in April , Major League Baseball announced Thursday . And for fans who want a second look at every close play , MLB said it 's now OK for the home team to show all replays on the ballpark screens , even if the play is n't being reviewed . "  The new system will give managers valuable recourse in potentially game-changing situations , " outgoing Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig said through a written statement . "  The opportunity for our fans to see more replays in our ballparks is also an important modification that the clubs and I favored . " In past seasons , only home run and other "  boundary " calls could be reviewed . Beginning next season these decisions can be reviewed : -- Batter hit by pitch ; -- Fair/foul  outfield only  ; -- Fan interference ; -- Force play  except the fielder 's touching of second base on a double play  ; -- Ground-rule double ; -- Home run ; -- One runner passing another on the base paths ; -- Record keeping  Ball/strike count to a batter , outs , score , and substitutions  ; -- Stadium boundary call  e.g. , fielder into stands , ball into stands triggering dead ball  ; -- Tag on baserunner  including steals and pickoffs  ; -- Trapped ball  outfield only  ; -- Timing play  whether a runner scores before an unforced third out  ; -- Touching a base . A manager will verbally indicate he wants a challenge , MLB said . The replay officials will be based in New York at what MLB calls the Replay Command Center , staffed by more umpires . A replay official will overturn the call if he decides there is "  clear and convincing evidence . " The crew at the stadium will listen for the decision over headsets and wo n't be able to see the replay as it is being reviewed . Managers may challenge one call . If the challenge results in a call being overturned , the manager is granted a second challenge . The umpiring crew chief may also call for review , provided the play comes after the seventh inning and the manager 's challenges are exhausted . A manager may ask for a review of whether a hit should have been called a home run , or vice versa , but that that review will not count as a challenge . The new replay system will be tested during some televised spring training games in March . The decision was approved unanimously Thursday by the owners of the 30 major league teams .	Manager will get a second challenge if he gets first one right Review center will be in New York , staffed by other umpires New calls that may be challenged include hit-by-pitch decisions , outfield trap plays Home runs may be reviewed but are not subject to challenge
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela was always mindful that his leadership role in the liberation of South Africa from apartheid might not have been possible if he had not been imprisoned . "  It is possible that if I had not gone to jail and been able to read and listen to the stories of many people . ... I might not have learned these things , " Mandela said of the insights that he gained during his 27 years in jail . In an interview less than a year after he had stepped down as the country 's first black president , Mandela shared with me reflections of how prison changed him . He said that reading the biographies of great leaders who had been able to overcome their shortcomings and rise to do great things had inspired him . He said it also helped him to realize that behind every seemingly ordinary person lay the potential of greatness . "  I have been surprised a great deal sometimes when I see somebody who looks less than ordinary , but when you talk to the person and they open their mouths , they are something completely different , " he said . Mandela said that prison gave him time to think about the times when he had failed to acknowledge people who had been kind to him . Mandela said that at the height of the struggle against apartheid , he and other leaders were understandably angry at the humiliation and loss of dignity of those who suffered under the unjust policy . It meant their actions were driven by anger and emotion rather than by reflection and consultation . "  But in jail -- especially for those who stayed in single cells -- you had enough opportunity to sit down and think , " he said . There was time to listen to the stories of people who were highly educated and who were widely traveled and experienced . "  When they told of their experiences , you felt humbled , " he said . Mandela said that he had learned that when you had the moral high ground , it was better to sit down and talk to people and persuade them of the correctness of your cause . "  If you have an objective in life , then you want to concentrate on that and not engage in infighting with your enemies , " he said . "  You want to create an atmosphere where you can move everybody toward the goal you have set for yourself , " Mandela said . Nelson Mandela : A man of many handshakes In his twilight , Mandela was at pains to publish and acknowledge his weaknesses and shortcomings in his family life , in his relationships with women and his first wife , Evelyn . He was keen to dispel any notion of sainthood that might be bestowed on him . He also spoke increasingly about the importance of changing oneself . "  One of the most difficult things is not to change society -- but to change yourself , " Mandela said in 1999 at a tribute to billionaire businessman Douw Steyn who had made his Johannesburg residence available to Mandela as a retreat after his prison release in 1990 . Mandela had given similar advice to wife Winnie in a letter written to her in 1981 after she had been jailed by the apartheid regime . Mandela noted that there were qualities "  in each one of us " that form the basis of our spiritual life and that we can change ourselves by observing our reactions to the unfolding of life . Ten years later , Mandela said that it gave him a feeling of fulfillment to see that Douw Steyn had changed and had learned to share his resources with the poor . "  It enables me to go to bed with an enriching feeling in my soul and the belief that I am changing myself " by reconciling with former adversaries , Mandela said . I believe that the essence of Mandela 's greatness was to change himself fundamentally during his period in jail and emerge as a potent leader and example for all humanity . Opinion : Nelson Mandela saved my life The reflections took me back to the extraordinary day of Mandela 's release . The day the legend became a man . Even now , the moment seems frozen in time . It was February 11 , 1990 , and the African sun shone from a clear blue sky on a windless summer 's day in Cape Town . About an hour 's drive from the city , the international media thronged around the entrance of a neat prison warder 's house to await the emergence of one of the century 's most iconic figures . I had arrived late at the prison and wandered unnoticed into the prison grounds where my slate-blue cotton suit coincidentally blended in with the uniform color of the South African police . That might have had something to do with the fact that I was not challenged when I strode confidently into the prison grounds . But to this day I do not know . An unscheduled wait of an hour while Mandela consulted an anti-apartheid delegation including his wife Winnie , who had arrived an hour late , seemed like an eternity . When Mandela , flanked by Winnie , finally emerged walking down the driveway towards the prison premise gates , I lost all sense of time and self and strode towards Mandela to shake his hand and congratulate him on his freedom . He recognized me from the photograph that accompanied my regular column I had written for the Cape Times , where I often analyzed the successes and setbacks of the anti-apartheid movement and the African National Congress in exile . His face broke into a broad smile as we shook hands and he continued his historic walk to freedom . At the time , I was the southern Africa correspondent for the Christian Science Monitor which was for many years the only international news publication that Mandela was allowed to read in jail albeit in a vetted form with pages and sections frequently removed . On his first visit to the United States in 1990 , Mandela broke from his official program on Sunday , June 24 to pay an unscheduled visit to the headquarters of the Monitor at One Norway Street in Boston to the astonishment of the editor and staff .  Today the Monitor is online only . The newspaper ceased daily publication in 2009 . South Africa since apartheid : Boom or bust ? I received an incredulous call from my foreign editor , Jane Lampman , on that Sunday asking me if I could guess who was standing outside the building with two bodyguards asking to see the editor . It was , she said , Nelson Mandela . I was astonished too . Mandela was intrigued that the founder of the newspaper , Mary Baker Eddy , also founded a religion . Mandela came to respect the Monitor 's sustained and fair coverage of South Africa during his time in jail . To this day , Mandela 's weaknesses , his turbulent youth and his sometimes tempestuous relationships with women can still detract from the iconic status that Mandela achieved in his own lifetime . But , the responsible airing of his weaknesses -- including his own acknowledgment -- in fact humanized Mandela and focused on his extraordinary strength of character and commitment in overcoming both his weaknesses and adversity in his own lifetime . It augmented Mandela 's greatness . Carrying on the work of Nelson Mandela It is Mandela 's achievement as a universal icon that has always fascinated me most . He first conquered his jailers by convincing them that they were the ones imprisoned by their own unsustainable policies based on fear and racial injustice . And then he negotiated them out of power with the sheer force of his moral authority and belief in himself . Mandela 's example and actions in becoming the country 's first black president struck a mortal blow to racism worldwide and helped build confidence and pave the way for Barack Obama to pull off a similar feat in the United States . If Mandela has a global heir in the ongoing campaign against racism and the quest for human dignity it has to be Barack Hussein Obama . The power of Mandela 's leadership was rooted in the fact that at key moments in his life he acted independently of the movement to which he dedicated his life and to which he deferred as a "  loyal and obedient " member . He did so when he decided in 1986 to begin negotiating with his jailers from behind bars not knowing where it would end . He did so in continuing to refer to former President F. W. de Klerk as a "  man of integrity " long after it was less popular to do so in the ranks of the African National Congress . And he did so again when he went out on a limb within his own constituency after his release to support the overwhelmingly white South African rugby team in the World Cup in 1995 . Mandela said that even if he wanted to he could not bind future generations to remember history in a particular way . The lesson of Mandela 's life is that he has no need to bind anyone to his legacy nor does he need any organization to do so . His actions in his own lifetime are his legacy and they will remain indelibly etched in history for generations to come as a living example to inspire the leaders of tomorrow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Battersby .	Nelson Mandela , who freed South Africa of apartheid , has died at age 95 John Battersby : Mandela said that being in prison for 27 years changed his world view "  One of the most difficult things is not to change society ... but to change yourself , " Mandela said Battersby : Mandela 's strength of character made him a potent leader and example for humanity
CNN  -- Roger Ebert 's death , coming so soon after he announced he was curtailing his movie-reviewing schedule because of recurring cancer , is being greetedâ $ " especially across the Internet -- with widespread shock , and the kind of grief one feels when one loses a longtime neighbor , a trusted friend , a beloved teacher whose lessons may not have had an immediate impact but became more meaningful with time . Who could have imagined the American people would ever feel that way about a critic , any critic ? Few could have as far back as 1975 when Ebert , the prize-winning film reviewer for the Chicago Sun-Times , first teamed up with his Chicago Tribune competitor Gene Siskel for a locally broadcast weekly series , "  Coming to a Theater Near You . " Over the next 24 years , their weekly half-hour of movie clips and clipped arguments became an ever-expanding nationwide franchise . It catapulted both men to fame and riches befitting media icons -- and altered preconceived notions of what a critic looked and sounded like . Opinion : Ebert 's sheer love of life In fact , it 's only natural the blogosphere should feel the pain of Ebert 's leaving . One could say that blogs of all shapes , sizes and subjects owe their existence in part to the examples set by Siskel and Ebert . Long before Siskel and Ebert helped embed the "  thumbs up/thumbs down " judgment meme in television folklore , critics were viewed in the popular imagination as fastidious bullies , often packing European accents and high-end vocabularies , with nothing but bad will to deliver to anything they saw or heard . The type was best embodied in past epochs by the performances of George Sanders or Clifton Webb , who portrayed acid-tongued theater critics in , respectively , "  All About Eve "  1950  and "  Laura "  1944  . Siskel and Ebert knew about those movies , but they knew many more things those mythical assailants of reputation could not . The broad perspective they brought to movies also widened the public 's view of critics . They were bright Midwestern guys who were , yes , erudite enough to know their European classics as well as the comparative merits of animated Disney musicals . They also were capable of squirting venom on things they did n't like with conspicuous panache . But their warm manner , open-ended aesthetics and companionable personalities helped viewers understand that criticism was n't always about being , well , critical . It was a way of seeing the world , of thinking your way through something you otherwise took for granted . Their approach made criticism not only less threatening and formidable , but it also made critical thinking seem accessible , even , well , friendly . HLN : Favorite Roger Ebert quotes Siskel accurately rated Ebert the better prose stylist of the pair . Certainly , he was the more celebrated writer , having been the first movie reviewer to win a Pulitzer Prize for criticism , in 1975 . As idiosyncratic as his style could be  rakish and puckish when he felt mischievous ; oracular and didactic when he felt messianic  , he was never conspicuously out for blood the way Simon Cowell , the serpentine , post-millennial , popular prototype of a critic , often seemed to be when assessing talent on TV . His annual movie yearbooks exhibited his witty , humane approach to reviewing and to celebrity interviews , which somehow retained his personal touch even in later years as publicists tightened their control over one-on-one access to actors and directors . He was never shy about showing off his knowledge of movie history , but he also never made it seem like a closed shop , open only to a favored few . He wanted more readers to like better movies . And he carried out his mission through a website that became as much a trendsetter for other Internet venues as the Siskel-and-Ebert model became for point-counterpoint TV panel shows . One sensed Ebert 's enjoyment at being a role model for movie geeks who wanted to get their own aesthetic values aired on the Web . As with his late partner , Ebert worked at putting on no airs . He seemed less like a snooty aesthete than a regular guy who just happened to know a little more about movies than anyone else in the neighborhood and set up a little corner stand to talk about them . If , as is often remarked , everybody 's a critic , then Roger Ebert was one of the crucial forces responsible for empowering everybody to believe they 're critics . Remembering Roger Ebert This may annoy those who remain averse to the idea of criticism itself . But Ebert , who also used his blog for occasional political or social commentary , would probably reply by saying that , if anything , there are n't enough people engaging in critical thinking when it comes to matters affecting their own lives . And by "  critical , " I doubt very much that Ebert would have meant a position of carping or complaining or even cutting-down-to-size so much as a state of heightened perception , of being open enough to the possibility that whatever you 're looking at or listening to may not be what it seems -- or should be . As the lights went down one last time , Ebert would have loved it if all those people sitting in the dark and hoping for the best understood that his approach to movies was big enough , openhearted enough to embrace far more than the movies he 'd loved all his life . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : News of film critic Roger Ebert 's death lamented across Internet He says in many ways blogs owe existence to example set by Ebert , critic co-host Siskel He says they changed view of what a critic does , made it less formidable Seymour : Ebert 's approach was openhearted enough to assess all manner of cinema
Mashable  -- How is new CEO Marissa Mayer going to revitalize Yahoo ? By making it more like Google , the company she just left . According to AllThingsD 's Kara Swisher , Mayer has instituted a few changes already at Yahoo 's Sunnyvale , CA , headquarters . Among them : establishing a weekly all-hands meeting on Friday afternoons , and making all the food in its URLs Cafe , which previously priced egg white muffin sandwiches at $ 3.65 and teriyaki chicken paninis at $ 5.31 , free . Of course , it 's easy to say that all of this has been borrowed directly from Google , but these kinds of offerings have become standard at many Silicon Valley offices â $ " the fact that Yahoo has , until now , lacked them has likely been a sore point for some of its engineers . Both Facebook and Twitter , for instance , serve up free snacks and daily catered meals to employees . They 're small changes , yes , but they 're likely to improve the morale of a company whose public image and internal image has deteriorated over the last seven years . In addition to the new meeting and food policy , Swisher reports that Mayer is also planning "  major changes " to workspaces "  to make -LSB- them -RSB- more collaborative and cool , " and improving the swag offered in its stores . She 's also pushing to improve Yahoo 's core products , including e-mail , Flickr and search . Several of Swisher 's sources said that "  big splash tech or product deals ... perhaps via an acquisition " may be announced "  in the days ahead . " Yahoo could not be reached for comment . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	New Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer has started weekly all-hands meetings on Fridays She has made all food in the company cafe free Facebook and Twitter already serve free daily meals and snacks to employees Mayer has made major changes to workspaces
Tokyo  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrived in Japan on Sunday for the last stop of his Asian tour , a trip that has largely focused on the provocations coming out of North Korea . Kerry met Sunday with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida to discuss regional tensions , climate change and cybersecurity . "  We can not in any way allow North Korea to possess nuclear weapons , " Kishida said . Also , "  we agreed North Korea must stop its provocative speech and and behavior . " North Korea threatened in early March to launch a pre-emptive nuclear strike against the U.S. and South Korea and has made a series of other threats since then . . Kerry said the parties need to work privately at "  the highest levels of government " in order to bring about a peaceful resolution to the situation . "  Hopefully North Korea will hear our words and recognize that for the future of its people and for the future of stability in the region ... there is a clear course of action they 're invited to take , and they will find in us ready partners , " he said . North Korea issued a scathing warning to Japan on Friday , saying Tokyo should "  stop recklessly working for staging a comeback on Korea , depending on its American master , " state media reported . Japan 's Transport Ministry has issued a notice requiring its airplanes to report to the U.S. military if they fly near the U.S. military 's Kadena base in Okinawa prefecture , the Kyodo News Agency said . The notice , made at the request of the U.S. military in Japan , is believed to be part of precautions taken against possible North Korean missile launches . Opinion : Why I fled North Korea As Kerry visited the Japanese capital , North Korea responded to South Korea 's call last week for open talks . "  If they have true intent for dialogue , they should drop the attitude of confrontation to begin with , not getting inveigled in wordplay , " North Korea 's state-run news agency KCNA reported . "  The possibility of dialogue entirely depends on their attitude . " South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se , speaking with Kerry on Friday , urged North Korea to open talks . "  We urge North Korea to cease its reckless behavior and to stop issuing threats , " he said . Future talks on climate , cybersecurity Kerry said Japan and the United States agreed to make climate change a high priority as countries around the world seek consensus on a new international agreement to take effect in 2020 . "  The foreign minister and I agreed to raise the initiative above the level that it is today ... because of the urgency of this issue , " Kerry said . "  We have agreed to engage in a new bilateral dialogue based on three pillars . " Those areas of concern and focus are agreeing to a climate change pact for the next decade , lowering carbon emissions to reduce their impact on the climate , and planning new growth so that it has minimal effect on the climate , Kerry said . iReporter : Foreigners in South Korea unconcerned with threats from the north In late November nearly 200 delegations gathered in Qatar to advance discussions on a new treaty while moving to extend the Kyoto Protocol , which most countries ratified in 1997 . But not every nation signed on to the pact 's second commitment period , which ends in 2020 . Kerry also said high-level talks on cybersecurity will take place May 9-10 . Visit to Beijing In his first trip to Asia as secretary of state , Kerry visited South Korean and Chinese leaders amid growing tension over North Korea . Washington wants Beijing to "  stop the money trail into North Korea " and give Pyongyang a strong message that China wants the Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons , two U.S. administration officials said . On Saturday , Kerry and Chinese leaders said their two nations would work together to press North Korea to tone down its provocations . He met with Chinese President Xi Jinping , Premier Li Keqiang and State Councilor Yang Jiechi . Kerry told reporters in Beijing that the United States and China are calling on North Korea to refrain from any provocative steps -- including any missile launches . Yang said China 's position is "  consistent and clear-cut . " "  China is firmly committed to upholding peace and stability and advancing the denuclearization process on the peninsula , " Yang said . He also said Beijing will work with its international partners to help restart the stalled six-party talks on North Korea 's nuclear program and hold it accountable to its international agreements . China , U.S. to work together to calm down North Korea Support for Seoul Kerry landed in Beijing after leaving Seoul , South Korea , where he pledged unbending U.S. military support against any attack from the North . During his visit to Seoul on Friday , Kerry said the United States would talk to North Korea , but only if the country gets serious about negotiating the end of its nuclear weapons program . "  North Korea will not be accepted as a nuclear power , " Kerry said in the South Korean capital . His trip to Seoul came a day after a Pentagon intelligence assessment surfaced suggesting North Korea may have developed the ability to fire a nuclear-tipped missile at its foes . The Defense Intelligence Agency assessment is the clearest acknowledgment yet by the United States about potential advances in North Korea 's nuclear program . U.S. officials think North Korea could test-launch a mobile ballistic missile at any time in what would be seen by the international community as a highly provocative move . But a senior administration official said there 's no indication that any such missiles are armed with nuclear material . Pentagon spokesman George Little said that "  it would be inaccurate to suggest that the North Korean regime has fully tested , developed or demonstrated the kinds of nuclear capabilities referenced " in the DIA study . The DIA has been wrong in the past , producing an assessment in 2002 that formed the basis for arguments that Iraq had nuclear weapons -- a view later found to be incorrect . 5 things we still do n't know about North Korea 's nukes CNN 's Barbara Starr , K.J. Kwon , Kyung Lah , Judy Kwon , Laura Smith-Spark , Chris Lawrence , Elise Labott and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	NEW : Kerry says Japan , U.S. ready to work with North Korea to resolve tensions Kerry 's visit to Japan is the last stop in his Asia tour North Korea tells Tokyo to "  stop recklessly working for staging a comeback on Korea " Kerry : China and the U.S. call on Pyongyang to refrain from provocative steps
London  CNN  -- I remember well the shock when in 2000 Alex Rodriquez signed a 10 year , a quarter of a billion dollar deal  $ 252 million  to play baseball with the Texas Rangers . It was beyond reality , and it did n't work out for the Rangers . He was later traded to the Yankees who happily increased the deal . Good for Rodriguez . But at least he was being paid to work . Rory McIlroy has now become Nike 's poster boy -- certainly there will be a lot of strings attached ; but he 's not being paid by Nike to swing a club . He 'll get millions more to do that . Read more : Nike unveils Rory McIlroy : Tiger 's heir apparent Good for McIlroy . It 's a better deal from Nike than Woods got . His baseball cap now switches from Titleist to the Nike tick . TV ads have already been shot . Now , I wonder which stable of Nike 's sports stallions will he join ? Will he join Roger Federer and Michael Jordan at causing little or no offenses on or off the field of play ? Will he join Lance Armstrong and one day cause a massive scandal putting his Nike contract in jeopardy ? Or will he join the middle rank of bad boy athletes who 's off the field scandals do n't cost them their Nike deal ; think Kobe Bryant or of course , Tiger Woods . What 's the difference ? Lance Armstrong is accused of cheating his fans and his beloved sport and cashed in on that cheating . But remember , Nike actually stood by Armstrong for months in 2012 , when all others headed for the exit . It seemed to have taken Nike 's top brass some time to realize the evidence was too strong to ignore . His upcoming ` confession ' will hopefully clarify his involvement in doping . Tiger has never been accused of on-the-field cheating . Still , he lost many of his sponsors while Nike hung on . The others could not stand the heat . For Nike , it 's not just about celebrities endorsing products . It 's about products themselves . Air Jordans are sold through jumpman23 , a fully fledged subsidiary of Nike . It includes endorsements from good guy athletes like CC Sabathia , Derek Jeter and Josh Freeman . Kit sold through Federer and Woods are not subsidiaries of Nike , but you ca n't miss the connection . In November , Forbes Magazine said Woods "  delivered " 50 % more  $ 6 million  for his brands than McIlroy in 2012 . I wonder if it will be the same will be in 2013 , as McIlroy will undoubtedly remain World No. 1 in golf rankings this year and now shoots near the top as a global sports brand .	In November , Forbes Magazine said Woods "  delivered " 50 % more for his brands than McIlroy in 2012 . For Nike , it 's not just about celebrities endorsing products . It 's about products themselves , writes Boulden
CNN  -- Throw confetti ! Drop balloons ! Give someone a snog ! What better way to welcome the new year than with a party , some good food or a burning boat ? And of course , few parties are as lavish , ridiculous or exhilarating as a New Year 's Eve party . Whether it 's the champagne , the fancy dress , the delicious food , the spectacular location , amazing decorations , or the elusive promise of a kiss at the end of the night , New Year 's Eve is the pinnacle of the year 's social events calendar . That 's why this year we asked you to share your most memorable NYE party shots from around the world . Think you 've partied harder ? Share your images with us on CNN 's iReport .	Few parties are as lavish , ridiculous or exhilarating as a New Year 's Eve party You shared your most spectacular party shots with us on iReport
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Many are nominated , but only a few carry home hardware during Hollywood 's awards season . For the rest , the gift bags and beauty suites in the days leading up to the Oscars promise the biggest rewards . A-list Academy Award nominees get thousands of dollars in gifts from companies hoping to associate their products with their celebrity , while D-listers get bags of swag valued in the hundreds of dollars . "  It 's something they anticipate from year to year , " said Lisa Gal of Hollywood Baskets , who puts together a high-end gift bag that goes to 30 Oscar nominees and presenters who stay at the Four Seasons Hotel in Beverly Hills . The Academy Awards are Sunday night . Stars checking into the Four Seasons will find a KitchenAid mixer set up in their room , customized with 22K gold paint and Swarovski crystal by Nicole Dinardo and valued at $ 1,500 , Gal said . A Traveler 's Choice luggage bag sits nearby , filled with 20 other gifts valued at $ 7,000 , ranging from a $ 25 pack of Sunny Sleevz -- to protect their arms at the beach -- to $ 500 worth of Intelligent Nutrients , a line of certified organic beauty products . Some products come from established companies -- such as the high-end Norman Love chocolates -- while younger , smaller ones get into Gal 's bag -- including Symone Prince Beauty . "  They can be in there with the big guys , " Gal said . The key to being selected for the bag is quality , she said . "  We have to make sure this is up to par on the celebrity 's level , so it 's very exclusive , " she said . Getting in the Oscar bag can be a big boost for a product , said Asha Blake , whose Goldenheart Media partners with Gal . "  It 's great exposure for the companies in media press releases , not just about being in front of celebrities , " Blake said . "  It 's a different way of doing advertising in this day and age . " Gal ca n't reveal which stars get her bags until they check out of the hotel Monday , but her SAG Award and Golden Globe gift list included Glenn Close , Colin Firth , Michelle Williams , Morgan Freeman and Ryan Seacrest . "  Only the most recognizable , important people staying at the hotel " get her gift bag , but sometimes there are more big stars than bags . Gal scrambled to put together an extra bag one year when "  Avatar " director James Cameron was left out . One gift bag is set aside for donation to a charity , which can then auction it off , Gal said . Publicist Roger Neal pioneered the practice of connecting the gifting with charities with his beauty and couture suite at the L'Ermitage Hotel before the Oscars 16 years ago . "  Just to give celebs free stuff is meaningless , but when there 's a purpose with it , then I feel good about gifting them , " Neal said . The 200 celebrities , including 10 Oscar nominees , who attended his four-day suite event this week autographed items that will help an organ transplant foundation and a foster children 's charity . Two teens who live in foster homes were pampered with facials , massages and other beauty treatments , Neal said . They also left with suits , he said . A-listers visting Neal 's suite included "  Artist " actress Penelope Ann Miller , "  Bridesmaids " actress Wendi McLendon-Covey , Annie Mumolo , nominated for writing "  Bridesmaids , " and actors Joe Mantegna , Eric Roberts and Quintin Aaron . Richard Middleton , executive producer of "  The Artist , " brought his wife with him Tuesday , Neal said . She was given a Shekhar Rahate designed gown to wear on the red carpet . Seamstresses worked overnight to resize it for her , he said . Eimear O'Kane , whose "  Pentecost " is nominated for best live action short film , was gifted a handbag and jewels by designer Timmy Woods of Beverly Hills to carry on the red carpet Sunday . Kari Feinstein 's Oscar Style Lounge in West Hollywood 's Mondrian Hotel offers something for everyone , with companies handing out gifts "  based on the caliber of celebrities , " Feinstein said . Best supporting actress nominee Octavia Spencer would likely be offered a $ 1,000 piece of jewelry from Devora Libin Jewels and a week at the Capella Hotel in Cabo San Lucas , Mexico . But some reality TV stars who show up may have to settle for a years supply of popcorn from Popcorn Indiana . "  We try and make sure that everyone that comes is someone who is recognizable with a lead part in a movie or TV show , " Feinstein said . But this year 's D-lister could be next year 's A-lister .	Lisa Gal prepares $ 7,000 gift bags for Four Seasons ' top celeb guests Roger Neal 's beauty and couture suite pampers actors , but benefits orphans A-listers get jewels , D-listers popcorn at Kari Feinstein 's Oscar Style Lounge
Atlanta  CNN  -- A woman without hope when the weekend started , Theresa Nash snuggled with her two sons Ben and Henry in Atlanta on Sunday , overwhelmed at how quickly things had changed . Both boys hugged their favorite stuffed animals : Henry clutched a red hippo and Ben , a teddy bear in a blue T-shirt . "  It is by the grace of God and all the people in this country and all the angels in heaven and all the people praying ... " Nash told CNN 's Don Lemon , launching into a list of folks who helped bring the 10-day ordeal to an end . The two boys were found Saturday evening in Austin , Texas -- about 950 miles west of their hometown of Roswell , an Atlanta suburb -- after a man who had been watching CNN 's coverage of the case called police . Their father Daniel Cleary , is in police custody . He will be charged with interstate interference with custody , a felony , and extradited back to Georgia , according to Roswell Police Lt. James McGee . Nash said she did n't know why her estranged husband did not bring the boys home as planned Wednesday from a trip to Tennessee that began December 19 . She told CNN affiliate WSB-TV that she had not heard from him since December 22 . Henry -- at 8 years old , the younger , but more talkative of the two bothers -- said he had no idea people were worried about them . Cleary had told them their mother was in the hospital , Nash said . Police first issued an Amber Alert for the suspect and his two sons on Thursday , eight days after they were last seen in Georgia . "  Suspect & children are believed to be traveling in a 2002 silver Jeep Grand Cherokee ... traveling on west side of Nashville , TN , on Interstate 40 , " the alert stated . The next day , authorities released pictures of the father and his two boys taken from surveillance cameras December 23 and December 24 at a Walmart in Jackson , Tennessee . Still , they did n't know exactly where they were . That is until Saturday evening when a person at the Crossland Austin West hotel in Texas , who had been watching CNN , recognized the Cleary brothers and called 911 , said Austin police Lt. Wuthipong Tantaksinanukij . Around the time her estranged husband was being taken into custody , Nash got a call from a man who said , "  I 'm sitting here with your two sons . " Asked if it was the best thing she had ever heard , "  Oh my goodness , " she said . Unaware of how worried everyone was , Henry , who celebrated his birthday on Saturday , bragged about how he 'd been kicking 9-year-old Ben 's butt on iPad games . There will be more games to play . Nash got an Xbox for the boys for Christmas . There was also a remote-controlled helicopter under the tree . Following a quick trip to Texas to pick up the boys , Nash was back home Sunday , marveling in how quickly hopelessness had turned to thanksgiving . "  We will be eternally grateful every minute of our lives for the rest of our life , " she said . "  I 'm  more grateful than I ever could have thought possible . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Jason Morrell and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	"  We will be eternally grateful every minute of our lives , " mom Theresa Nash says Daniel Cleary failed to return his sons as planned and had n't been heard from An Amber Alert went out Thursday ; the boys were found Saturday evening A person alerted police after recognizing the missing boys on CNN , police say
Some days start out historic . The gay civil rights movement has reached the Supreme Court -- a milestone by any measure . We wo n't know what the justices will decide until June , but it is not too early to reflect on how we got here . The sea change in public opinion on gay rights in general and same-sex marriage in particular has been unprecedented . A decade ago , just 27 % of Americans backed same-sex marriage ; today it is a clear majority . In recent weeks , politicians like Hillary Clinton and Republicans Jon Huntsman and Rob Portman have declared their support for marriage equality . And while far more elected Democrats than Republicans support same-sex marriage , polls show that this is increasingly more of a generational divide than a partisan divide . In fact , a majority of Republicans under age 50 now support the freedom to marry -- including more than 60 % of evangelicals under 30 . How did this happen ? First , give the activists their due . Thought leaders like Evan Wolfson and Andrew Sullivan deserve a lot of credit for taking early stands in favor of the freedom to marry . Former San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom also brought recognition to the issue by officiating over same-sex marriage ceremonies at City Hall . CNN Poll : "  Rob Portman effect " fuels support for same-sex marriage The movement to encourage gays and lesbians to publicly come out has also broken down barriers , forcing friends and family members to confront reality , leading to greater compassion and recognition of the moral imperative of civil rights , rooted in the golden rule : Treat others as you would like to be treated . But the mainstreaming of marriage equality reflects a strategic shift as well as a cultural shift . Instead of activists bringing attention to the cause with street theater tactics that often alienate more people than they attract , there has been a relatively recent move to build bridges beyond the base . This means outreach to Republicans as well as making counter-intuitively conservative arguments for same-sex marriage . Embodying this strategic shift is Ted Olson , the former Bush administration solicitor general who teamed up with David Boies , his opponent in the Bush v Gore Supreme Court case , to argue that California 's Proposition 8 banning same-sex marriage was unconstitutional . I interviewed them in 2010 and their comments reflected many of the arguments Olson made at the Supreme Court on Tuesday . "  We as conservatives should support the right of decent taxpaying citizens and individuals who want a stable relationship that forms a building block of our neighborhoods and our economy and our society , " Olson said . "  These are people that want to participate in life as citizens the way the rest of us do . We should be supportive as conservatives and as liberals . It 's not exclusive to either party or either part of the political spectrum . " "  This is not and should not be viewed as a conservative or liberal or Republican or Democratic issue , " Boies added . "  This is a civil-rights issue and a human-rights issue . " Opinion : Will gay rights infringe on religious liberty ? This is an essentially centrist strategy : Define the common ground that exists on any given issue and then build on it , proceeding from broad principle rather than partisan politics and positional bargaining . Olson and Boies , a Republican and a Democrat , are proud members of their parties . But their powerful partnership represents an understanding of the vital center as a dynamic way of solving problems , creating new coalitions that can help overturn decades of stubborn stereotypes about the split-the-difference impulse of the "  mushy middle . " Look at the ads that have been run in favor of marriage equality , especially this effort by the Respect for Marriage coalition  which , full disclosure , my wife and fellow CNN contributor , Margaret Hoover , participated in  that included public testimonies in favor of marriage equality by Colin Powell , Dick Cheney and President Obama , highlighting unexpected common ground . Notice the images of apple pie Americana that begin the ad , making the visual case that marriage is an essentially conservative institution that leads to societal stability and reduced dependence on the government . Likewise , look at the 131 Republicans who signed on to the amicus brief in support of the freedom to marry , including prominent members of the Bush administration and the Romney campaign , both of which had pledged to pursue a federal marriage amendment . It is a heartening sign of centrists and libertarians breaking the social conservative stranglehold on the GOP . It is a reminder that the essence of evangelism is winning converts . Language also matters . To some ears , "  Gay marriage " is more polarizing than "  freedom to marry "  the preferred term for conservatives  and "  marriage equality "  a phraseology that unites liberals  . The emphasis on individual freedom and civil rights helps humanize the issue . Opinion : The real ` modern family ' in America All this is a form of triangulation : trying to achieve progress on policy by depolarizing an issue , creating new coalitions . It is effective . And it is built on a sturdy foundation because it reminds us of deeper truths , namely that there is more that unites us than divides us as Americans . Perhaps not coincidentally , it also is the type of argument that might sway swing votes on the Supreme Court -- as well as swing voters -- to support this extension of individual civil rights . The shift in public opinion overturns centuries of established thought about marriage influenced by culture and religion . The fact that it has been comparatively rapid is a reflection of the durability and flexibility of our democracy . We can adapt as part of our never-ending effort to form a more perfect union . Whatever the Supreme Court ultimately decides about the constitutionality of Proposition 8 and the Defense of Marriage Act , the movement of same-sex marriage from the margins to the mainstream has been achieved . Opinion : California wants a do-over on same-sex marriage vote The centrist model by which it moved forward can be replicated as we try to call a ceasefire in the culture wars and actually start to solve problems through the process of addition rather than division .	John Avlon says the success of the gay rights movement is historic Avlon : Whatever court decides , same-sex marriage has been endorsed by majority in U.S. Supporters of gay rights skillfully positioned the movement as bipartisan and centrist , he says Avlon : Progress on gay rights is a model for reaching consensus on other issues
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British Museum plans to display a statue of supermodel Kate Moss that it bills as the largest gold statue built since ancient Egypt . The statue of Kate Moss will be displayed in the British Museum in a gallery holding anicent Greek sculpture . Called "  Siren , " the statue will be part of a group of major sculptures by leading British artists to go on display at the museum in October , the museum announced . The museum says the artist , Marc Quinn , claims it 's the largest gold statue since ancient Egypt . His previous work included the marble sculpture Alison Lapper Pregnant , which appeared on a plinth in London 's Trafalgar Square . The Kate Moss statue , weighing 50kg , will be displayed in a gallery of the museum that houses ancient Greek sculpture . The museum calls it a "  fitting setting " for the statue of Moss , "  interacting with the great Greek beauties that surround it . " Moss , whose slight frame was at the forefront of the waif look in the mid-1990s , is now nearly as well known for her celebrity lifestyle as her modeling career . The one-time girlfriend of British rocker Pete Doherty is a tabloid newspaper and celebrity magazine favorite , and now dates Kills guitarist Jamie Hince . She has recently mixed her modeling work with designing collections for the British clothing giant , Topshop . Other artists exhibiting include Damien Hirst , who most recently created a $ 100 million diamond-covered skull , and Angel of the North creator Anthony Gormley . The exhibit is expected to run from October 4 through January 25 , 2009 .	Statue of Kate Moss billed as largest gold statue built since ancient Egypt Called "  Siren , " the statue will be on display at the British Museum Moss statue will be displayed in gallery housing ancient Greek sculpture
CNN  -- Townsend Farms is recalling bags of a frozen fruit mix commonly used in smoothies because they could be contaminated with the hepatitis A virus , the company said in a statement . Townsend 's Organic Antioxidant Blend is suspected in an outbreak of the virus that has affected five Western states , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Thirty-four people have been infected with hepatitis A , and 11 of them have been hospitalized as of Monday . Infections have been reported in Arizona , California , Colorado , Nevada and New Mexico , the CDC website said Tuesday . Nineteen of the 25 ill people interviewed by the CDC reported eating the Townsend Farms Organic Antioxidant Blend . The fruit mix with contaminated ingredients was sent to Costco stores and Harris Teeter stores . At Costco , the recalled codes include T012415 through T053115 ; consumers can find these on the back of the package near the words "  BEST BY . " Harris Teeter packages have "  BEST BY " codes of T041615E or T041615C . The outbreak has been traced to pomegranate seeds from Turkey that are in the Townsend Farms fruit mix , according to the company statement . The mix contains pomegranate seeds and other produce from Argentina , Chile and the United States . "  There is no indication that cherries and other berries are contaminated , " said William E. Gaar , an attorney for Townsend Farms . State health departments , the Food and Drug Administration and the CDC continue to investigate . The company was notified about the outbreak Thursday by the CDC , which sent investigators to the Townsend Farms processing plant in Fairview , Oregon , Gaar said . Hepatitis A is usually transmitted via contaminated food or water , or by someone who 's infected , according to the Mayo Clinic website . Frequent hand-washing is recommended to limit the spread of hepatitis A . The highly contagious infection inflames the liver and limits its ability to function . "  Mild cases of hepatitis A do n't require treatment , and most people who are infected recover completely with no permanent liver damage , " the Mayo Clinic website says . Severe cases can lead to liver failure and death , according to the World Health Organization . There are an estimated 1.4 million cases of hepatitis A annually worldwide . Consumers who may have eaten the contaminated product should contact their doctor , and the product should be thrown away immediately . CNN 's Jacque Wilson and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Townsend Farms recalls Organic Antioxidant Blend containing frozen fruit Thirty-four cases of hepatitis A are being investigated The outbreak has been traced to pomegranate seeds from Turkey Hepatitis A inflames the liver and limits its ability to function
CNN  -- Get four successful women together on a movie set and you 'd think it 's all claws , all the time . Some rumors would insinuate that "  Sex and the City 's " Kim Cattrall does n't get along with her co-star Kristin Davis , while another would allege there were catfights on the set of the sequel , as the stars revealed in the June issue of Marie Claire magazine . Last week there was a similar tiff making headlines , although the spat seemed to be a bit one-sided . In an interview with Out magazine , pop star Christina Aguilera referred to fellow superstar Lady Gaga as a "  newcomer " who was "  fun to look at , " but Aguilera posted a statement on her website claiming that there was n't any malice behind those words . "  It is very easy for comments to be taken out of context and create unnecessary drama -- especially between us women , " Aguilera said in the statement . "  So I would like to tell you all directly so my words can not be misconstrued to sell someone else 's story . ... I have absolutely nothing against Lady Gaga or any other female artist in this business . " As Aguilera noted in her statement , this is n't the first time she 's "  been unfairly pitted against another female artist . " If Aguilera or the "  Sex and the City " stars really are estranged from other famous women , so be it -- but why no mention of their relationship with co-stars Chris Noth or John Corbett ? For that matter , where are the stories about how the male actors got along on the set ? "  There are hardly ever any stories about male celebrities fighting , " said celebrity blogger Vera Sweeney , who runs IAmNotObsessed.com . "  Even when Shia LaBeouf got into that car accident while on a date with Isabel Lucas -- even though she was dating Adrian Grenier at the time -- nothing happened . Adrian said they were n't serious , and the story was dropped . " Obviously , this does n't mean that male celebrities are never pitted against one another in the media -- take a look at earlier beefs between Kid Rock and Tommy Lee , Eminem and Moby or Nas and Jay-Z . The difference , said Robert Thompson , director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University , is that those battles are often steeped with violent overtones , and they 're treated with more severity than the disputes female celebrities are rumored to have . Or , Sweeney said , the "  celebrity men in conflict " angle will be given a different spin . "  Instead of there being a power struggle or an emotional issue , different work ethics will most likely be cited , " she said . "  For example , when Christian Bale and Johnny Depp filmed ` Public Enemy ' it was said that both men wanted to stay in character even when they were n't shooting . So it was understood why they were n't friendly with one another in between takes -- because they were ` in character . ' If two women did that , it would be pitched as a cover-up for a more deep -LSB- ly -RSB- rooted reason . " The actresses themselves seem to accept it as just another part of an oft-dirty business . "  The chemistry among the four of us is very strong , -LSB- but -RSB- ... the press has to put women in these boxes , rather than show them as the movie portrays them : working together and being powerful , " Cattrall said in the Marie Claire interview . "  Things just have to be explosive for no other reason than for people 's imaginations . " A likely reason for the media coverage , explained pop culture expert and "  The Cult of Celebrity " author Cooper Lawrence , is because "  it 's much easier to believe that women do n't like each other . It 's one of the few bastions of sexism that 's left in our culture , and we ca n't imagine that powerful , successful women could ever get along . " It all boils down to the gender norms many of us are raised with , Thompson said . "  One theory we can reject is that the women are fighting with each other more than the men are . ... Anyone who 's been in a workplace knows that it 's not an inherently gender-specific sort of thing , " Thompson said . But "  with the gender norms that we 've all grown up with , men manifest their ` cattiness ' differently than women ; we 're OK with the idea that women are emotional , and we expect them to be . " But said Ian Drew , senior editor of celebrity magazine Us Weekly , you ca n't discount the reality of the entertainment industry -- and that 's to sell albums and rack up box-office numbers . "  Obviously , this is a competition , " Drew said . "  People need to be responsible for their own actions -- -LSB- Aguilera -RSB- did say those words , and she said those things for a reason . Lady Gaga , for example , never says anything negative about anybody . " If these stars would n't send the media smoke signals with their words or actions , Drew said , the media would n't start yelling fire . "  No one is a victim in the celebrity world , " he added . "  Very few of those rumors end up not being true . " Regardless of whether they 're true or not , Sweeney said she 's willing to bet the stories of this starlet being angry at that one are n't likely to let up anytime soon . "  The question is n't why are these stories about women catfights being created , " she said . "  Unfortunately , the question is why not ? People enjoy the drama , and drama and divalike behavior sells . "	There were rumors of rivalries on "  Sex and the City 2 " set ; stars say they 're untrue Generally , such gossip is about women ; male stars do n't raise same issues , observers say Author : Fair or not , "  it 's much easier to believe that women do n't like each other " Us Weekly editor says , "  No one is a victim in the celebrity world "
CNN  -- Venezuela has thwarted a plan by two paramilitary groups to kill President Nicolas Maduro , state-run VTV reported Monday . Interior Minister Miguel Rodriguez Torres said members of the groups , made up of nine Colombian citizens , were arrested Sunday in the country 's northwest before they were able to enter the capital , Caracas , with heavy weapons . Intelligence officials are tracking a third group , he said . "  This may be part of a plan that was orchestrated from Colombia to kill President Maduro and de-stabilize the Venezuelan government , " he said . The two nations have had a contentious relationship since 2007 when then-President Hugo Chavez said he was cutting ties with Colombia and especially former President Alvaro Uribe . He said the Colombian president had bowed to pressure from Washington "  to get rid of Chavez . " In March of this year , Maduro struck a similar tone , accusing Uribe of hatching a plan to send a paramilitary force into Venezuela to kill him . An attorney for Uribe called Maduro "  a desperate person who holds power illegitimately . " Maduro was sworn in as president on April 19 after winning a tightly contested election against Henrique Capriles Radonski . Election officials credited Maduro with 51 % of the vote . The election followed the death of Chavez , who died in March following a long battle with cancer . He was 58 . While both Maduro and Capriles have publicly called for peace after the announcement of the tight election results , tensions have been running high in Venezuela . Venezuela 's opposition has filed a lawsuit with the country 's Supreme Court , contesting the results , citing election irregularities that totaled more than 180 pages . Ahead of the suit , Capriles told CNN affiliate Globovision that the results were illegitimate and new elections should be held . "  According to the law , " he said , "  what should happen would be a new election , without any of the irregularities that we have denounced . "	The government says two paramilitary groups plotted to kill Maduro The groups are made up of nine Colombian citizens Maduro won a tightly contested election against Henrique Capriles Radonski Former President Hugo Chavez died in March
The man suing ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez for shooting him in the face has responded to Hernandez 's request for a delay in the lawsuit until his murder charges in Massachusetts are resolved . Alexander Bradley , in a motion filed by his lawyer on September 12 , argues there 's no reason for a delay , because the cases are completely unrelated with no overlapping issues . His attorneys further state any additional delays would be "  highly prejudicial " to Bradley 's case because there is no way of telling how long Hernandez 's murder case will take to come to a conclusion . In court papers , Bradley 's attorneys maintain "  delaying this case , for what could be years , would be extremely prejudicial to Mr. Bradley in terms of seeking compensation for the very severe injuries he suffered as a result of being shot in the eye . " Grand jury calls 2 to testify in deaths possibly linked to Hernandez Bradley is suing Hernandez , claiming the then-New England Patriot tight end shot Bradley in February after the two got into a fight at a Miami strip club . In a lawsuit filed in June , Bradley said Hernandez fired at him during a limo ride after leaving the club and that Hernandez intentionally "  possessed a gun which he was not legally licensed to have . " Bradley said he lost the sight in one eye and continues to receive treatment . In a motion filed in early September by his lawyers , Hernandez argues that he 's unable to defend himself while battling murder and weapons charges stemming from the execution-style killing in June of Odin Lloyd . Bradley appeared in July before a grand jury investigating Lloyd 's death . Prosecutors wo n't comment on why Bradley was called to testify , citing the secrecy of the proceedings . However , one of Bradley 's lawyers has asserted the grand jury likely wanted to relate Hernandez 's alleged conduct in Florida to Lloyd 's slaying in Massachusetts . Hernandez 's lawyers state "  it is beyond any reasonable contention that the issues in Bristol County  Massachusetts  ... overlap those of this case . " Hernandez pleads not guilty In court papers , Hernandez maintains it would be difficult to adequately defend himself against Bradley 's suit while simultaneously battling a murder charge from a jail cell where he 's being held without bail . His lawyers also argue that if he had to answer questions in the civil lawsuit during an ongoing criminal case , he would be forced to invoke the Fifth Amendment to protect himself from self-incrimination . In some jurisdictions , they add , invoking the Fifth Amendment would amount to an admission of guilt . Bradley 's attorneys say this argument should not be "  well taken , " citing case law that says use of the Fifth Amendment privilege does not compel an adverse judgment and the mere possibility of suffering a disadvantage does not justify the issuance of a stay . Messages to Hernandez 's lawyers were not answered . Hernandez , who pleaded not guilty in Lloyd 's death , is next expected to appear in court on October 8 in Fall River , Massachusetts .	Alexander Bradley says his suit against Aaron Hernandez is unrelated to murder charge Ex-NFL player Hernandez is accused of shooting Bradley in face in Florida Hernandez currently faces murder charge in death of Odin Lloyd It would be tough to fight both cases at same time , Hernandez argues
CNN  -- In a crackdown on football match-fixing , Singaporean authorities have arrested more than a dozen people they suspect of being members of an organized crime syndicate . The arrests come amid a global effort to uncover corruption in the sport , which European police officials believe has reached some of the world 's most high-profile games including World Cup qualifiers and UEFA Champions League matches . Among the 14 people detained in Singapore during the 12-hour operation on Tuesday is the crime group 's suspected leader , the Singapore Police Force and the city-state 's Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau said in a joint statement late Wednesday . The statement did n't disclose the names of the arrested suspects , and authorities would n't say whether Tan Seet Eng , a Singaporean man also known as Dan Tan , was among them . Singapore police said earlier this year that Tan , considered to be a key suspect in the global match-fixing scheme , was helping them with their investigations . Europol , the European Union 's law enforcement agency , said in February that it was investigating hundreds of games on suspicion of match-fixing . It pointed to "  a suspected organized crime syndicate " in Singapore as masterminding the alleged scams and working with criminal networks in Europe . Singaporean authorities said some of the people they detained this week , including the suspected leader , are "  the subject of ongoing investigations in other jurisdictions for match fixing activities . " Australian soccer hit by ` disturbing ' match-fixing scandal ` An important step ' Interpol , the international police organization , said it had helped to connect investigators in Singapore and Europe . "  Singaporean authorities have taken an important step in cracking down on an international match-fixing syndicate by arresting the main suspects in the case , including the suspected mastermind , " said Ronald K. Noble , Interpol 's secretary general . "  No person should doubt Singapore 's commitment to fighting match-fixing . " The suspected leader and four others are being held for further investigation , the Singaporean agencies said . The nine remaining suspects will be released on bail , they added . The people arrested -- 12 men and two women -- are all Singaporean and are aged between 38 and 60 , Singapore authorities said . "  Singapore is committed to eradicate match-fixing as a transnational crime and protect the integrity of the sport , " the police and the corruption investigation bureau said . "  All cases will be pursued vigorously with a view to bring perpetrators to justice . " European police officials in February described their investigation as "  the biggest-ever investigation into suspected match-fixing in Europe . " A total of 380 games in Europe -- including World Cup and European Championship qualifiers -- were deemed suspicious , with 425 match and club officials and criminals involved from 15 different countries .	The arrests include the suspected leader of an organized crime group Interpol : Arrests "  an important step " in cracking down on match-fixing Earlier , European police officials announced a huge investigation They said hundreds of games were under suspicion
CNN  -- Once a year , the largest arts festival in the world takes over Scotland 's capital turning the city into a smorgasbord of comedy , theater , dance and more . Dispelling the stereotype that women ca n't do comedy , CNN takes a look at the funniest female comedians appearing at this year 's Fringe Festival in Edinburgh . Janeane Garofalo Star of "  The Larry Sanders Show , " "  Seinfeld , " and "  24 , " Janeane Garofalo is returning to the Fringe for a second time since her 2009 Edinburgh debut . The American comedy icon and two-time Emmy nominee gives punters a slice of her raw repartee in her self-titled stand-up show , which runs for just four nights . "  Janeane Garofalo . " 22:45 , 20th -- 23rd August , Assembly Rooms , George St , Edinburgh . Sarah Millican Sarah Millican has fast become the designated darling of comedy thanks to her regular U.K. television appearances and blistering stand-up set . With her Edinburgh tour sold out months in advance , this upcoming show looks set to be the British comedian 's greatest venture yet . "  Sarah Milican : Home Bird . " 18:40 , 1st -- 25th August , The Stand , York Place , Edinburgh . Tig Notaro Described by the illustrious Louis C.K. as "  an amazing example of what comedy can be , " Mississipi-born Tig Notaro makes light out of heartache in "  Boyish Girl Interrupted . " Having sold 75,000 copies of her live set online , Notaro is technically more popular than KISS , and a must see first Fringe show . "  Tig Notaro : Boyish Girl Interrupted . " 18:45 , 16th -- 25th August , Gilded Balloon , Teviot Row , Edinburgh . Sandi Toksvig As a British radio comedy stalwart , Sandi Toksvig 's Edinburgh show is a hot ticket at this year 's Fringe . A member of the illustrious Footlights troupe during her student days at Cambridge , the half Dane has also turned her hand to novel writing , penning more than 20 books for children and adults over the past two decades . "  Sandi Toksvig , My Valentine . " 16:00 , 3rd -- 11th August , Pleasance Courtyard , Edinburgh . Lucy Porter After a brief break from the stand-up world , Lucy Porter returns to Edinburgh with her chatty and witty humor . In this year 's show , expect to hear Porter 's hilarious tales from her quest to find her spiritual home in the north of England . "  Lucy Porter -- Northern Soul . " 17:10 , 31st July -- 25th August , The Stand , York Place , Edinburgh . Bec Hill Fringe regular Bec Hill returns to Edinburgh this year fresh off the back of her European tour . Having performed stand-up since the age of 19 , Hill is no stranger to the live circuit in both Britain and her native Australia , and the purveyor of ` paper puppetry ' looks set to have another hit show this year . "  Bec Hill : Bec by Popular Demand . " 16:00 , 1st -- 25th August , Gilded Balloon , Bristo Square , Edinburgh . Claudia O'Doherty As one of the breakout hits of last year 's Fringe , Aussie Claudia O'Doherty 's set is definitely one to look out for . The self-proclaimed ` cheer-jerker ' returns to the Festival for the fourth time with "  Pioneer , " a guaranteed mix of all things odd . "  Claudia O'Doherty : Pioneer . " 21:50 , 31st July - 26th August , Pleasance Courtyard , Edinburgh . Katerina Vrana Bringing a slice of sunshine to Scotland this year is Katerina Vrana , a Greek born U.K. dweller who can even deliver sets in both languages . Following a sell out tour at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival earlier this year , Vrana 's debut solo show confronts stereotypes , identity and delusions of grandeur . Katerina Vrana , "  Feta with the Queen . " 22:00 , 2nd -- 25th August , Laughing Horse @ Espionage , Victoria St , Edinburgh . Caroline Rhea Alongside her legacy as Aunt Hilda in "  Sabrina , the teenage witch , " Caroline Rhea has enjoyed a successful stand-up career to date , including several past outings at the Fringe . Her newest show includes a variety of spontaneous musings from one of America 's best loved small screen stars . "  Caroline Rhea . " 20:15 , 31st July -- 26th August , Gilded Balloon Teviot , Edinburgh . Susan Calman Susan Calman 's comedy CV is undoubtedly one of the most masterful on the circuit . Having appeared across radio , television and the stage for nearly a decade , the diminutive Scot is developing her latest show with the help of an Edinburgh audience this summer . "  Susan Calman : Always  A Work in Progress  . " 18:00 , 1st -- 12th August , Stand III & IV , York Place , Edinburgh . Zoe Lyons Acerbic satirist Zoe Lyons is gracing the Fringe this year with "  Pop up Comic " -- a show that is n't afraid to ask the big questions . Prams for dogs and so much more are covered with the trademark Lyons energy that has cemented her status as a favorite on the U.K. hit show "  Mock the Week . " "  Zoe Lyons -- Pop up Comic . " 17:00 , 1st -- 25th August , Assembly Rooms , George St , Edinburgh . Gemma Whelan "  Game of Thrones " star Gemma Whelan is no stranger to the small screen , but this year sees her take character comedy to Edinburgh 's stage for the first time . Chastity Butterworth , Whelan 's charming yet incongruous creation , is going all out this year . "  Chastity Butterworth & The Spanish Hamster . " 17:45 , 31st July -- 26th August , Assembly Roxy , Roxburgh Place , Edinburgh . Bridget Christie Offbeat comedian Bridge Christie returns to the Fringe this year with her latest offering "  A Bic for Her . " As a front runner in the funny feminist brigade , Christie 's eighth solo Edinburgh show looks set to be her usual winning mix of avant-garde entertainment . "  Bridget Christie -- A Bic for Her . " 11:10 , 3rd -- 25th August , The Stand , York Place , Edinburgh .	The biggest arts festival in the world runs from August 2-26 in Edinburgh , Scotland Female comedians from all over the globe come to perform A mixture of household names and up-and-comers will be treading the boards
CNN  -- Some 5,000 residents in eastern Pennsylvania were allowed to return to their homes Saturday afternoon , some 12 hours after they were evacuated when a tractor-trailer carrying 33,000 pounds of toxic hydrofluoric acid overturned after the driver tried to avoid a deer , authorities said . Traffic is backed up Saturday after a truck spilled hydrofluoric acid in eastern Pennsylvania . State police identified the driver as Raymond Leblanc , 54 , of Harrow , Ontario , Canada . Leblanc , who initially was trapped in the truck , was taken to a hospital where he was treated and released . Police said a passenger in the truck was unhurt . No other injuries were reported . The truck flipped over on its side and slid along northbound State Road 33 , which was closed in both directions from Belfast to Saylorsburg , Pennsylvania , from the time of the early-morning accident until about 6 p.m. Saturday . Most of the acid in the tank was in the form of pressurized gas , but there also was some water , said Northampton County spokesman John Conklin . State and federal hazardous materials experts stopped the leak by noon . The wreck occurred at 3:30 a.m. near Wind Gap . Conklin said many evacuees -- those living within a mile of the accident site in Plainfield Township -- went to a shelter set up at nearby Pen Argyl High School in Pen Argyl , Pennsylvania . A dispatcher with the Northhampton County Division of Emergency Management said residents were allowed to begin returning to their homes about 3:45 p.m. Saturday . Hydrogen fluoride is a hazardous chemical compound used mainly for industrial purposes such as etching glass , and is extremely corrosive . It also is an ingredient in high-octane gasoline , refrigerants , aluminum and light bulbs . Contact with concentrated solutions can cause severe burns , according to medical authorities . Inhaling the gas causes respiratory irritation , severe eye damage and pulmonary edema .	5,000 evacuees able to go home 12 hours after evacuated because of acid spill Canadian driver tried to avoid hitting a deer , flipped tractor-trailer Leak of highly corrosive hydrofluoric acid stopped
CNN  -- A Florida appeals court Wednesday struck down a state law barring gay men and lesbians from adoption on the basis of equal protection under law . The Florida 3rd District Court of Appeal upheld a trial court ruling that Florida 's explicit ban was unconstitutional , noting that the state 's adoption law required officials to assess potential adoptive parents in "  the best interests of the child . " "  By the time of the trial below , the application of the statutory ban was contrary to both the professional judgment of the Department and the legislative directive to assure ` the best interest of the child ' in ` every ' adoption , " wrote Judge Cindy S. Lederman in the 42-page ruling . Shortly after the unanimous ruling was announced , Gov. Charlie Crist -- who is running for a U.S. Senate seat as an independent -- said the state would "  stop enforcing the ban . " A supporter of the ban earlier in his career , when he was a Republican , Crist added that he was very pleased with the ruling . Joe Follick , the spokesman for the Department of Children and Families , said the department has 30 days to decide on an appeal , "  but we will make a decision sooner than that . " "  We are analyzing the court 's opinion and wish to give any decision to appeal a thorough review , " he said , adding that their decision would consider "  the impact on the family directly involved in this case . " "  As of now , this decision does stand as the law in Florida , and we are currently not enforcing the ban , " he said . "  The primary consideration on whether to appeal is finding the balance between the value of a final ruling from the Florida Supreme Court versus the impact on the Gill family . " The Florida Supreme Court several years ago considered a challenge to the law based on equal protection but sent the case back to the district court to collect more information . The case was later abandoned . The current case involved a gay man who was a licensed foster parent , allowed under Florida law , who wanted to adopt two boys who had been placed in his care after the Department of Children and Families removed them from their home for neglect . The Center for Family and Child Enrichment , a private , nonprofit company that provides adoption services through a contract with the state , reported that "  the home presented a suitable environment " and that the gay man -- identified as "  F.G. " in court documents and as Martin Gill by the American Civil Liberties Union , which represented him -- "  met all the criteria required to adopt the two boys . " But the center recommended against the adoption because of the Florida law , and the department denied the application . "  The Department acknowledged that it would have approved the application if it had not been for the statute , " Lederman wrote . Gill sued , and the trial court agreed that the ban was unconstitutional . The department appealed the ruling to the district court . In the ruling , Lederman wrote that gay men and lesbians are the only people barred from adopting in the state law and that the ban could stand up only if "  there is a rational basis for the difference in treatment . " Instead , she wrote , the argument against was not that gay men and lesbians were unfit parents . "  Instead , the Department argues that there is a rational basis for the prohibition on homosexual adoption because children will have better role models , and face less discrimination , if they are placed in non-homosexual households , preferably with a husband and wife as the parents , " she wrote . "  But that is not what the statute does . " The law does not prohibit single people from adopting -- and does not bar gay men and lesbians from fostering children or guardianship , she noted . "  It is difficult to see any rational basis in utilizing homosexual persons as foster parents or guardians on a temporary or permanent basis , while imposing a blanket prohibition on adoption by those same persons , " she wrote . Gill was delighted with the ruling . "  This is just the news that we have been waiting so anxiously for here , " he said in an ACLU statement . "  This is a giant step toward being able to give our sons the stability and permanency that they are being denied . "	NEW : Department of Children and Families has 30 days to decide on appeal NEW : Spokesman says department will consider "  the impact on the family " Governor says state wo n't enforce ban Court sees no "  rational basis " for ban
Cartagena , Colombia  CNN  -- When a 12-day-old boy died in her arms , Catalina Escobar was devastated . She was working as a volunteer in the maternity clinic at one of the largest hospitals in Cartagena , Colombia . At that time -- October 2000 -- such incidents were n't that unusual ; on average , at least one infant a day died at the overcrowded and underfunded facility . But when Escobar learned that the baby 's teenage mother had not been able to raise the money for treatment that would 've saved his life , she was crushed . "  His mother -LSB- needed -RSB- $ 30 that I had in my pocket . I will never forget that , " she said . "  It was a preventable death . " Less than a week later , Escobar endured another , more personal loss : her second son , 16-month-old Juan Felipe , died in a tragic accident when he fell from the balcony of her home . She was overwhelmed by grief . "  It was agony , " said Escobar . "  I did n't want any mother to feel the same pain , so ... I took action . " The successful businesswoman sold her international trading company and dedicated herself to helping the city 's most impoverished children and their young mothers . In the last 10 years , her Juan Felipe Gomez Escobar Foundation -- named for her late son -- has brought health care to tens of thousands of children in Cartagena and provided more than 2,000 teenage mothers with counseling , education and job training . At first , Escobar focused on lowering the infant mortality rate at the hospital where she 'd volunteered . It was more than double the national average . She built a state-of-the-art neo-natal unit , brought in experts to train the clinic 's staff and established a program to cover the medical costs for babies born to impoverished mothers . Five years later , the rate of infant deaths at the hospital had dropped 67 % . From the start , Escobar noticed that 70 % of the mothers she was working with were between the ages of 14 and 16 . Most lived in the slums outside of the city , which have grown during the last decade as people have fled violence in the northern areas of the country . "  You see these girls , -LSB- with -RSB- their tiny faces ... they 're babies holding babies , " said Escobar , 42 . She realized that the only way to ensure the long-term health of the children was to enable these teenage girls to break the cycle of poverty . "  When a girl gets pregnant , she drops out of school . ... Next year , she 's going to be pregnant again , " Escobar said . "  She 's repeating the same patterns of the mother , the grandmother . " The Colombian government reports that nearly 20 % of girls between 15 and 19 years old are or have been pregnant -- nearly triple the U.S. rate . In Cartagena , where one-third of residents live at or below the poverty line , it 's an equation that means these young mothers have very little chance of improving their lives . Escobar is hoping to change that through her teen mothers program , which aims to teach young women how to support themselves and their children . It started with just 30 girls in 2002 , but it has expanded in the last decade . With the opening of her foundation 's new center last year , 400 pregnant teens and young mothers now enroll every year . Built in one of the city 's many slums , the center is an elegant , modern structure , equipped with a daycare , medical center , cafeteria and classrooms . It 's light years away from the impoverished world of these teen mothers . For Escobar , that 's the whole point . "  When they come here , this is a piece of heaven -LSB- on -RSB- Earth , " she said . "  They deserve the very best . " For the first year , young mothers come to the center every weekday , leaving their babies at the daycare while they attend classes . They receive instruction on basic hygiene -- many have never encountered indoor plumbing before -- and learn how to care for their infants . Because food is often scarce at home , the girls also receive a hearty hot lunch . During the first six months , the teens take part in therapy sessions to help them understand their new reality and responsibilities . Escobar says that many of the teens she 's worked with have been victims of rape and sexual abuse , so counselors work intensively with each girl . The goal is to help them come to terms with their past so they can focus on the future . The center also teaches teenage mothers about reproductive health and contraception . "  Girls tell me they do n't understand how they got pregnant . They think it 's from a kiss , " Escobar said . "  They do n't know that the option of using condoms exists . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes While the program aims to prevent future pregnancies , Escobar also wants to give these young mothers the tools they need to change their lives . The girls can finish high school on site , take computer classes or learn vocational skills like sewing or jewelry-making . The teens also make and sell products at the center 's bakery , which helps fund the program , and the foundation offers micro-loans to help them start their own businesses . The program also helps mothers find jobs or provides them scholarships to help them continue their education at a trade school or university . The teens return to the center every week so Escobar 's staff can track their progress and assist with any problems . Within two to four years , Escobar wants her girls to be providing for their families and be on their way to a better life . She says that two-thirds of those who 've completed the program have gone on to find jobs . "  I want my girls to be empowered , " she said . "  Earning money provides them with independence and allows them to gain back control of their lives . " That 's exactly what Yerlis Bautista has been able to do . She dropped out of school when she got pregnant at 16 , but through Escobar 's foundation , she enrolled in a beauty salon course . She recently earned her diploma , an accomplishment that makes her glow with pride . "  I feel great , since I was able to accomplish a goal that I had wanted , " Bautista said . "  Now I am working in the best beauty salon ... earning a good salary . " She said Escobar and the program gave her a new outlook on life . "  It is better to go forward with my future , to not just sit around like other girls , " she said . "  Because I have been a fighter , I have found a better future for my child . ... I will keep fighting so he can have everything . " Escobar believes that attitude change is what will help these young mothers have long-term success . For her , each girl she helps is cause for celebration . "  These teen mothers are my own daughters , " Escobar said . "  When they get here and they make it through , I feel so proud of them . " Escobar is always looking for more ways to have more impact . In 2005 , she established a medical clinic that has provided health care to more than 84,000 low-income residents of the community -- mostly young mothers and their children . And she 's planning to build an early childhood education center where the girls can bring their children ages 1-5 . In the coming years , she is hoping to expand her program throughout Colombia . While Escobar has accomplished a great deal in the last decade , one thing is clear : Her personal war on poverty has just begun . "  I 'm so passionate about it because we are seeing progress . ... We are changing the lives of these girls , " Escobar said . "  I wake up every single morning thinking , ` What else can I do to help them ? ' " Want to get involved ? Check out the Juan Felipe Gomez Escobar Foundation website at juanfe.org and see how to help . CNN 's Laura Klairmont contributed to this report .	Catalina Escobar began a foundation to improve children 's health The foundation also provides teen mothers with education and job training In Colombia , one in five girls age 15-19 is pregnant or has been pregnant Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- The two little girls vanished nearly 40 years ago , their disappearance long faded from the public consciousness , their names etched in a stone marker their hope-sapped parents placed in a local cemetery . But Maryland police have been tenacious about solving this cold case . And on Tuesday they breathed new life into it , when they announced a possible breakthrough . Convicted sex offender Lloyd Lee Welch Jr. , 57 , who 's been serving a prison sentence in Delaware since 1997 , was near Sheila and Katherine Lyon on that March day in 1975 when they went missing , Montgomery County Police Chief J. Thomas Manger told reporters Tuesday . Welch was at a plaza that was among the last places that the two girls were seen alive , and he was observed paying attention to the sisters , Manger said . He declined to state how police obtained this lead . Manger said that anyone who has information about Welch should call authorities . Police released photographs of him and his now-deceased girlfriend , Helen Craver , about whom police are also seeking information . "  We need to know more about his activities , " Manger said . Welch , who also went by the name of Michael Welch or Mike Welch , worked as a ride operator for a carnival company that set up their attractions in malls around the country , Manger said . His girlfriend also worked at the carnival company . Welch has "  multiple convictions for sex offenses against young girls , " Manger said . Investigators believe Welch may have been involved in other unsolved crimes around the country . He was also a drifter and sometimes stayed in homeless shelters , Manger said . Montgomery County police have stopped short of calling him a suspect in the two sisters ' disappearance . The case faded from the headlines years ago . If they 're alive , the women would be 48 and 50 years old now . After years of holding out hope , their parents gave up . Sixteen years ago , they set a marker for their daughters in a cemetery with their dates of birth and the date they went missing , the Washington Post reported . But the police department has not forgotten Sheila , who was 12 , and Katherine , who was 10 , the day their older brother , Jay Lyon , saw them last . Maybe , in part , that 's because he joined the police force as a homicide detective just a few years after that . Taken : The coldest case ever solved Walk to pizza parlor The girls must have been full of anticipation when they decided to step out for some fun in their neighborhood not far from Washington , D.C. . Their birthday dates were just one day apart , and celebrations were coming up in just a few days . It was also the first day of Easter school vacation . They walked half a mile to a nearby strip mall to check out the Easter decorations , the Montgomery Gazette reported . Their mother told them to be home by 4 p.m. . At 7 p.m. , police received a call reporting them missing , the privately run missing persons website CharleyProject.org reported . Police swarmed out looking for them and questioned passersby . A medley of witnesses said they 'd seen the girls . One saw them walking to the shopping center . Another -- a child -- saw them talking to a stranger , a man holding a microphone and a briefcase . Police drew a composite of him based on the witness 's description . But the girls walked away from him . An hour later , their brother Jay , 15 at the time , spotted them at the shopping center eating pizza . And after that , someone else saw them walking in the direction of their home , according to the CharleyProject description . Had they arrived , they would have made it home on time . Back then , it was common for children to walk to places in the neighborhood without their parents . But when the girls disappeared , that feeling of safety was shattered , the Gazette wrote . Now-dead convict likely linked to Florida woman 's '89 disappearance Celebrity case The girls ' father , John Lyon , was a well-known radio host in Bethesda at the time , so the story of his daughters ' disappearance made the rounds . Anonymous callers rang the family demanding money , CharleyProject.org claims . One of them demanded their father deposit $ 10,000 in a particular location . He complied . No one picked up the cash . The man called again , but when asked for evidence that he actually had the girls , he broke off contact . In the ensuing years , the tips faded . The case languished . Until Tuesday . Arrest in 40-year-cold murder case Senior couple charged in decades old cold cases Oklahoma deputies pull bodies from lake , may date to '60s , 1970 disappearances Police : Evidence in killing of former beauty queen points to ex-priest CNN 's Michael Martinez and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Police ask public for information about convicted sex offender Lloyd Lee Welch Jr. . Sheila Lyon was 12 , her sister Katherine 10 , when they vanished Their brother , Jay Lyon , saw them eating pizza that day A few years later , he joined the police force
CNN  -- Funeral services will be held Monday morning for a Texas man who died at a baseball game last week . Shannon Stone will be buried in his hometown of Brownwood , Texas . The 39-year-old firefighter fell to his death Thursday while trying to catch a ball at a Texas Rangers game . Ronnie Hargis was seated in the stands near Stone and tried unsuccessfully to save him . "  Your first instinct is to reach out and grab him , " Hargis told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  I tried to grab him . I could n't catch him . He went down . As he went by me I tried to grab him again and I missed and ... it looked like he was in slow motion as he was going to the ground . There was nothing I could do but watch him fall . " In the second inning of the ill-fated game , star outfielder Josh Hamilton tossed a souvenir ball into the stands after a batter hit a foul ball . Stone stuck out his glove and reached for the ball , but lost his balance and flipped over the railing of the outfield seats . He fell about 20 feet and crashed head-first into a scoreboard , suffering fatal injuries . Stone died of blunt-force trauma , according to the Tarrant County medical examiner . His 6-year-old son , Cooper , witnessed the tragic accident . "  It 's just the cruelest of reminders of just how fragile human life can be , " said Joe Trahan , sports anchor at CNN-affiliate WFAA . "  The mind-boggling thing about this is that everyone 's intent was right . " Trahan provided details of the incident for Lemon . "  Josh Hamilton flipped a foul ball up to a little girl an inning or so earlier , " Trahan said . "  And he heard at that point Cooper Stone ask for a ball . Most of the time , big-leaguers would n't even hear that , but he made a note of it , he 's trying to do the right thing . " Rangers president Nolan Ryan , a Hall of Fame pitcher , said earlier that the club would review the height of railings at the stadium , even though they currently exceed the city 's code limits . Trahan told Lemon that club management is already working on making changes at their stadium . "  I 've spoken to Rangers officials , and they tell me that there are meetings that have already taken place with city leaders , meetings with architects at the ballpark , contractors . They 're trying to find a permanent solution , not a stop-gap one . " But fan-awareness also plays a crucial role at stadiums , according to Trahan . "  This is a stark and cruel reminder that  safety  is everyone 's responsibility when you go to the ballpark , " he said , adding that he was surprised that injuries did n't happen more often , especially "  down the first and third base lines ... those are rocket shots coming off those bats . " But Trahan also said that the accident should be kept in perspective . "  We go back to the unexplainable issue of why this happened , because there have been thousands and thousands of balls hit in that area , people with gloves trying to get balls and nothing has happened until now . " The Rangers held a moment of silence before Friday night 's game against the Oakland A 's . Members of both teams wore black ribbons . Flags at Rangers Ballpark in Arlington have flown at half-mast all weekend . The team has set up an account accepting donations in Stone 's honor with the Texas Rangers Baseball Foundation . Donated money has been earmarked to help the Stone family . The Rangers have donated an undisclosed sum , according to the team 's website , and the A 's donated $ 5,000 .	Shannon Stone died after falling over railing at Rangers Stadium Sports anchor : Accident a reminder of "  how fragile human life can be " Outfielder had heard Stone 's son ask for ball and pitched one toward him Rangers have set up account in Stone 's name
CNN  -- The French spend more time eating and drinking than anyone else among the world 's wealthy nations , a new study reveals . The study , by the Paris-based Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development  OECD  , found that the average French person spends nine hours sleeping every night , and spends two hours a day eating . On the other end of the spectrum , the average Japanese gets seven hours of sleep and also spends longer at work -- and getting to work -- than on leisure activities . And when it comes to food , Mexicans spend the least time : just over an hour a day . The survey looked at 18 countries among the organization 's 30 members to see how people use "  that most fundamental of resources : " time . The results were released Monday . Among the organization 's findings : The lowest obesity rates ? South Korea and Japan with less than 4 percent of the population exceeding a BMI of more than 30 .	Average Japanese spends longer at work and getting to work than on leisure South Korea and Japan have the lowest obesity rates Survey looks at 18 countries among OECD 's 30 members to gauge use of time
CNN Student News  -- January 18 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Tucson , Arizona • Tunisia • Athens , Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News ! We 're back from the long weekend and ready to kick off 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines . We start in the U.S. state of Arizona . First Up : Arizona Shooting AZUZ : U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords could be released from a hospital there in just days or weeks . Congresswoman Giffords was one of the victims of the shooting attack in Tucson , Arizona earlier this month . On Sunday , doctors upgraded her condition from critical to serious , so that 's a step in the right direction . Hundreds of people took to the streets on Sunday to participate in a "  Walk for Peace . " Organizers said they wanted to honor the victims of the shooting and find a way to help bring the community together . Some congressional leaders from both parties are trying to come together in their own way , starting with something small : sitting together at the State of the Union address . This is the speech that the president gives to Congress every year . And what you see in these pictures is last year 's State of the Union address . You notice that one section is standing , while another is sitting ? That 's because Republicans and Democrats usually do n't sit together during these speeches . This year , though , you might see a different seating arrangement . Junior Theater Festival AZUZ : This weekend , here in Atlanta , a cast of thousands got together for the Junior Theater Festival . The event celebrates the performing arts . It takes place the same weekend as Martin Luther King Day . In recognition of his dream , students at the festival had the chance to talk about their dreams . Listen to what they had to say . KATE HILSCHER , STUDENT : I have a dream that some day kids will have a bigger voice in their communities . I feel like kids have a lot to say , but it 's often not heard by the adults around them . QWANIKWIA HICKLEN , STUDENT : My dream is to become an endangered species specialist and help save a kind that 's dying off slowly . ELIZABETH RENEGAR , STUDENT : A few of my dreams are to adopt a child from a foreign country and give them a home , a lot better home than they could 've had . CASEY TAYLOR , STUDENT : One of my dreams is to possibly design and run lighting for large theatrical productions . Martin Luther King Jr. was a great man and inspired me and many other people for wonderful dreams . AZUZ : Not the only way that people paid tribute to the civil rights leader this weekend . As Samantha Hayes reported yesterday , Americans all across the country took part in community service projects and honored Dr. King 's legacy . BEGIN VIDEO SAMANTHA HAYES , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : At a Washington , D.C. middle school , President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama worked with a mentoring program on a service project , a Martin Luther King Day tradition for the first family . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Michelle and I and the girls are extraordinarily proud that each year on Martin Luther King 's birthday , this is how we celebrate , is making sure that we 're giving a little something back to the community . HAYES : It 's been nearly 43 years since the civil rights leader was assassinated at a hotel in Memphis before a protest march . In Atlanta , not far from King 's childhood home , family members laid flowers at the gravesite where King and his wife Coretta Scott King are buried . Today marks the 25th anniversary of the Martin Luther King holiday . In 1994 , Congress designated it a national day of service . Jesse Jackson , who was with King at the time of his death , says his dream has not been fully realized . REV. JESSE JACKSON , RAINBOWPUSH COALITION : He would be delighted to know we 've come to a higher level of socialization enough to vote for each other across lines of race , gender and religion . And so , President Barack Obama is in Washington today as head of state . He would find delight in that . But then on the other hand , the issue of violence , the shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords , it simply illuminates , we pray to God for her recovery , but it illuminates just how much more violent we 've become . HAYES : Back in the nation 's capital , a memorial honoring Dr. Martin Luther King is scheduled for completion later this year . For CNN Student News , I 'm Samantha Hayes . END VIDEO I.D. Me TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a country located in northern Africa between Algeria and Libya . I got my independence from France in the 1950s . My capital city is Tunis . I 'm Tunisia , and I 'm home to around 10.5 million people . Protests in Tunisia AZUZ : Tunisia is forming a new government that 'll be responsible for leading the country to new elections . All of this is coming after weeks of riots and protests . People are upset about bad living conditions , high unemployment and accusations of government corruption . There 's been fighting between protesters and police . And the Tunisian president -- who 'd been president for 23 years -- was forced out of power . Why does this matter to America ? Well , for one , the U.S. and Tunisia are close allies , especially when it comes to fighting terrorists . Another concern : Before all of this started , Tunisia was considered a pretty safe and stable country . Some experts argue that what 's happening in Tunisia could inspire similar protests in other countries . What 's the Word ? JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the Word ? a type of financial aid that students earn through academic achievement SCHOLARSHIP That 's the word ! Funding Free Tuition AZUZ : Well , here in Georgia , we have something called the HOPE Scholarship . It 's for students who do well in high school and go to college in state . But the scholarship is facing some potential challenges . Kyra Phillips heads to Athens and my alma mater -- the University of Georgia -- to look at how HOPE has helped , and why the scholarship could be in trouble . BEGIN VIDEO DANYELLE REYNOLDS , UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA JUNIOR : Go Dawgs ! KYRA PHILLIPS , CNN ANCHOR : University of Georgia junior Danyelle Reynolds beams with school pride . She is a Georgia Bulldog through and through . She 's also a HOPE scholarship recipient , and that means she does n't pay a dime toward tuition . REYNOLDS : Initially , I was actually looking at going out of state . But once I saw the numbers of out-of-state at some schools and then paying in-state and not having to pay for that tuition , so just paying for housing and books and some of the fees , it was really a no-brainer . PHILLIPS : A no-brainer to more than a million Georgia students who have taken advantage of the scholarship since it was introduced in 1993 . Here 's how it works : Earn a 3.0 grade point average in an in-state high school and maintain your grades at college . Amounts vary , but some students can get up to $ 6,000 a year for tuition , fees and books at any eligible Georgia university or technical school . It 's funded by the state lottery , but demand is high and more money is going out than coming in . Lawmakers are dipping into reserves , scrambling to cover costs . And Georgia 's new Republican governor says something needs to change . GOV. NATHAN DEAL ,  R  GEORGIA : I am dedicated to honoring the promise that has been made to our students through HOPE and will work with the general assembly to tailor the program to the financial realities that we face today . PHILLIPS : Other legislatures in other parts of the country are watching for Georgia 's next move . More than a dozen other states modeled their own scholarship programs on HOPE . Many of them are now caught in the same kind of budget crunch . NANCY MCDUFF , ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT , UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA ADMISSIONS & ENROLLMENT MANAGEMENT : I do n't know that any other program is identical to what we have in Georgia , nor has it been around as long and had a chance to grow . So , they 're watching us carefully , and we 're hoping that we 'll be able to to preserve this so that students and families will be as impacted as least as possible given the current economic situation . PHILLIPS : Spend a day in this college town , and you 'll be hard pressed to find a Georgia student who has n't benefited from HOPE . Freshman Lindsey Harris says the opportunity has been a life-changer . LINDSEY HARRIS , COLLEGE FRESHMAN : It 's pretty much the only way I was going to be able to go to college . PHILLIPS : And unfortunately , her family is n't banking on the scholarship for the younger siblings . AMY HARRIS , LINDSEY HARRIS 'S MOTHER : I 've got a 10-year-old also and 5-year-old . I 'm not really counting on HOPE being there in eight years or 13 years for them . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Want to expand your geographic genius ? You know you do . Our downloadable maps : just what you 're looking for . You can go to CNNStudentNews.com every day and use these free resources to help you pinpoint locations in the headlines , like today 's maps for Athens , Tucson and Tunisia . They 're always free , always at CNNStudentNews.com ! Before We Go AZUZ : And before we go , we have a truly memorable musical performance for you . ELIZABETH HUGHES , 8-YEAR-OLD NATIONAL ANTHEM SINGER : The bombs bursting in air , gave proof ... AZUZ : Eight-year-old Elizabeth Hughes did n't quit singing ; her microphone quit working . It died partway through her performance of the national anthem . She never stopped singing . And eventually ... she got some help . The crowd came to the rescue ! And the awesome anthem was captured in this YouTube video . Goodbye AZUZ : Of course , the video has turned Elizabeth into a bit of a star . She certainly is a bright spot . You know , like a spangle . And it 's easy to see why after that banner performance . Star ... Spangle ... and Banner . Well , we 'll wave goodbye and see you tomorrow . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Learn about a possible seating change for the State of the Union address Hear how some Americans honored the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . Consider the challenges facing a scholarship program in the state of Georgia Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
InStyle.com  -- New York City restaurateur Donatella Arpaia shows how to cook flawless pasta , how to pair it with the ideal sauce , and even the secret to boiling water  yes , there 's a right way ! Donatella Arpaia gives her bucatini the taste test . Pasta 101 • Always buy 100 percent durum-wheat pasta made in Italy  De Cecco is a good supermarket brand  . • Cook pasta in a two gallon stockpot . Bring water  a gallon for every pound  to a rolling boil , then add two tablespoons of salt per gallon . Never add oil , which prevents sauce from adhering to pasta . When water returns to a boil , add pasta . Stir often to prevent sticking . • A minute before the package time indicates , take out a piece of pasta and bite it . As soon as it 's a uniform , translucent color , drain  but never rinse  , add sauce and serve . Sauce secrets • Marry the sauce to its pasta : When pasta is just shy of done , add it to the pan of sauce . Toss over high heat for 2 minutes  add a little reserved pasta water if sauce is too thick  . • If you are using cheese in your dish , mix in a couple tablespoons with drained pasta first ; it makes the pasta stickier so sauce clings to it . • Do n't over-sauce pasta . Use it as a condiment , with just enough to cover each strand . • Use the right pasta shapes : Flat  like fettucine  with creamy sauces ; long , thin  spaghetti , linguine  with seafood sauces ; holes or ridges  rigatoni  or molded  farfalle  with chunky sauces ; very thin  angel hair  with light sauces ; thick and tubular  ziti  for baked dishes . Must-haves Arpaia gives the secrets to making pasta at home taste as delicious as at her restaurants : 1 . Fresh rosemary smells great and is handy to snip into a dish . 2 . Present pasta beautifully in a ceramic bowl . 3 . Add Italian sea-salt tablet to boiling water . 4 . A must : sleek stainless spaghetti tongs that effortlessly hold pasta . 5 . Arpaia 's easy pasta enhancements : arrabiata sauce , black truffle oil and anchovy oil . 6 . Opt for handcrafted pasta . Recipes Bucatini with Shrimp Ingredients 4 tbsp olive oil 1-1/2 lb . large shrimp , peeled and deveined Salt and pepper 1 onion , chopped 3 cloves garlic , chopped 1 cup white wine 2 cans  35 oz . each San Marzano whole tomatoes , crushed 1 tsp red pepper flakes 1 cup torn basil leaves , plus more for garnish 1 lb . cooked bucatini 2 cups fresh buffalo ricotta  or substitute regular ricotta Directions 1 . Heat 2 tbsp olive oil in large skillet over medium-high heat . Season shrimp with salt and pepper . 2 . Cook shrimp about 3 minutes or until partially cooked through . Remove shrimp from skillet ; set aside . 3 . Heat remaining 2 tbsp olive oil in skillet . Add onion and garlic ; cook 3 minutes or until softened . Add wine . 4 . Add tomatoes and red pepper flakes . Simmer uncovered for 15 minutes . Meanwhile , cook pasta . Return shrimp to skillet ; add basil and continue simmering for 5 minutes . 5 . Season with salt and pepper to taste . Spoon sauce over hot pasta . Dollop with ricotta and garnish with basil leaves if desired . Serves 8 . Orecchiette with broccoli rabe Ingredients 1-1/2 lb . broccoli rabe , trimmed and coarsely chopped 1 lb . orecchiette 1/2 cup olive oil 5 cloves garlic , chopped 5 anchovy fillets , mashed  optional 1 tsp red pepper flakes 1/2 cup toasted slivered almonds 2 tsp salt Shaved Parmesan Directions 1 . In large pot of boiling , salted water , cook broccoli rabe for 3 minutes . With slotted spoon , remove from water ; drain well . 2 . Return water to boil ; add pasta and cook according to package directions ; reserve 1 cup water ; drain well . 3 . In large skillet heat oil over medium heat and cook garlic until softened , about 1 minute . Stir in anchovies , if using , and pepper flakes . 4 . Add broccoli rabe , pasta and reserved water ; cook until heated through and liquid has been reduced . 5 . Stir in almonds . Season with salt . Garnish with Parmesan . Serves 8 . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	New York restaurateur Donatella Arpaia shares pasta tips Always use 100 percent durum-wheat pasta Do n't over-sauce pasta , use just enough to coat each strand
CNN  California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom is opting out of running for retiring Sen. Barbara Boxer 's seat , he announced Monday in a Facebook post . "  It 's always better to be candid than coy . While I am humbled by the widespread encouragement of so many and hold in the highest esteem those who serve us in federal office , I know that my head and my heart , my young family 's future , and our unfinished work all remain firmly in the State of California -- not Washington D.C , " he wrote . "  Therefore I will not seek election to the U.S. Senate in 2016 . " Boxer 's retirement sets off wild scramble His decision not to run focuses attention on California Attorney General Kamala Harris , another California rising star who 's considered a top contender for the seat if she jumps in . Both have been developing their statewide and national profiles , and they also share the same California-based strategists , increasing the likelihood that if one runs for Senate , the other would opt out . California political observers speculated before Newsom 's announcement that they two might have struck a pact where Harris runs for Boxer 's seat and Newsom waits to run for Governor after his two terms as lieutenant governor . She was mum on the topic when asked about her future political plans by the Los Angeles Times on Sunday . "  I am just enjoying this day , thank you , " she said . But she wo n't have a walk to the seat if she runs . A wide array of potential contenders in both parties have expressed interest in the seat , including billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer and , over the weekend , former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , another of the state 's rising Democratic stars . California 's jungle primary system means all candidates , regardless of party , face off on the primary ballot , and the top-two vote-getters head to a runoff in November . The prospect has some Republicans hopeful that too many Democratic candidates running could split the party 's vote and leave them an opportunity to make it through to the second round of voting . They admit , however , that 's a long-shot â $ " the GOP 's bench in California remains thin , and the state is reliably blue .	California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom announced he wo n't run for Sen. Barbara Boxer 's seat His decision opens the door for Attorney General Kamala Harris to run Many of California 's rising Democratic stars have expressed interest in the race as well
CNN  -- Paul F. Crouch , co-founder of the Trinity Broadcasting Network , died Saturday at age 79 , according to his website and the network 's Facebook page . "  We are grateful for the life of this amazing servant of God . Please pray for the Crouch family during this time , " said the announcement . No further details on the televangelist 's death were immediately available . On November 5 , TBN said Crouch fell ill and was hospitalized in Texas in late October . He returned to California for treatment of "  his heart and related health issues , " a network spokesman said . Crouch received a pacemaker in 2012 . TBN , based in Orange County , California , bills itself as the most-watched faith channel in the United States . Kenneth Thomas , a commenter on the TBN Facebook page , said of Crouch : "  He was a great blessing to the body of Christ and to the world ! " Crouch , a native of St. Joseph , Missouri , began his broadcasting career in the 1950s , working at commercial stations . The pastor worked for the Assemblies of God in Burbank , California , during the early 1960s , operating its TV and film production . In 1973 , he and his wife , Jan , founded TBN , according to his website biography . Among the TBN programs they hosted is "  Praise the Lord , " known for its ornate sets and diverse programming . The network has a substantial international following ; Crouch appeared on the show from Madrid , Spain , in October . A network tribute posted Saturday afternoon said Crouch was a "  television visionary " committed to spreading the gospel . TBN has 84 satellite channels and thousands of television and cable affiliates around the world , according to the website . "  In a world filled with wars , disasters , plagues , and political turmoil TBN helps viewers understand major world events , " it says . Crouch served on the board of The Holy Land Experience , a biblical museum and experience in Orlando , Florida . People we 've lost in 2013	Paul Crouch dies at 79 He was a familiar face on Trinity Broadcasting Network He worked in radio and TV for nearly 60 years
CNN  Way out beyond Mars , but before you get to Jupiter , is a planet . You read that right . There 's a planet between Mars and Jupiter . You may not have heard of it , but it was discovered in 1801 -- 129 years before Pluto . It originally was called a planet , then later an asteroid and now it 's called a dwarf planet . Its name is Ceres  pronounced like series  and you 'll likely be hearing a lot more about it in the coming weeks . Ceres is one of five named dwarf planets recognized by NASA and the International Astronomical Union  IAU  . The other four are Eris , Pluto , Makemake and Haumea . But Ceres is the first of these worlds to get a visitor from Earth : NASA 's Dawn spacecraft is arriving on March 6 . "  Ceres is a ` planet ' that you 've probably never heard of , " said Robert Mase , Dawn project manager at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . Ceres may be considered a dwarf planet , but it 's "  the giant of the main asteroid belt , " Dr. Marc Rayman , chief engineer and mission director of the Dawn mission , told CNN . "  It is not only the largest object between Mars and Jupiter , it is the largest object between the sun and Pluto that a spacecraft has not yet visited . " "  We are tremendously excited , " Rayman said . "  We have guided this robotic probe for well over seven years on an interplanetary journey of more than 3 billion miles . Along the way we sailed past Mars . We spent 14 months orbiting and scrutinizing the giant protoplanet Vesta . ... Now , finally , we are on the verge of conducting the first exploration ever of the first dwarf planet . " Images taken on February 19 when Dawn was about 29,000 miles  46,000 kilometers  from Ceres show a bright spot on Ceres and a dimmer companion amid the small world 's cratered surface . NASA says both spots appear to be in the same basin . The images are puzzling to scientists and they say they 'll have to wait until Dawn gets even closer to sort out the cause . "  We we will have to wait for better resolution before we can make such geologic interpretations , " said Chris Russell , principal investigator for the Dawn mission , based at the University of California , Los Angeles . Rayman said Ceres ' surface is pretty beaten up and that its craters are "  scars from life in the rough and tumble asteroid belt . " Why study a beaten-up space rock ? Rayman said because it 's a survivor -- and a mysterious one . Made up of rock and ice , Ceres may even have liquid water deep beneath its surface -- "  perhaps as ponds or lakes or even oceans , " Rayman said . He said Ceres "  appears to have been in the process of growing to become a full-sized planet when Jupiter terminated its growth nearly 4.6 billion years ago . " So by studying Ceres , scientists learn more about how the rest of the solar system formed . And he said , we should study Ceres because it 's there -- and we need to understand the universe we live in . "  We should study it because we hunger for knowledge and understanding . Grand undertakings like this nurture our spirit , " Rayman said . Rayman said that if you had learned about the solar system 200 years ago , "  you would have learned that Ceres was a planet , just as people who learned about the solar system in more recent generations learned that Pluto is . " Speaking of Pluto , the most famous of the dwarf planets gets its own visitor in July . The New Horizons spacecraft is closing in for a flyby of Pluto and its moons . This talk of planets and dwarf planets is still a little confusing , so here 's the most recent tally : NASA currently recognizes eight planets : Mercury , Venus , Earth , Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune , and the five named dwarf planets we listed earlier . But a sixth possible dwarf planet already is on NASA 's watch list . Called 2012 VP113 , it 's believed to be one of the most distant objects in our solar system . On its Solar System Exploration website , NASA says the object was nicknamed "  Biden " after Vice President Joseph Biden because of the VP in its initial designation . It will be up to the IAU to decide whether i2012 VP113 is a dwarf planet and whether it gets an official name . But expect the numbers for planets in our solar system to keep changing . Mike Brown , the CalTech astronomy professor who helped discover dwarf planet Eris and who takes responsibility for killing off Pluto as a full-fledged planet , has his own tally listing more than 360 possible dwarf planets . And NASA has said there may be many more dwarf planets that we have n't found yet . So Ceres , and its cousins , may soon outnumber the traditional planets you learned about in grade school .	NASA spacecraft is closing in on tiny world Ceres New images show mysterious bright spot has a companion
Seoul  CNN  In the first few days after the Sewol disappeared beneath the Yellow Sea , divers pulled body after body from the watery wreckage , bringing the dead home . And throughout the following days , weeks and months , Park Eun-mi waited to see if one of them was her 16-year-old daughter , Huh Da-yun . The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the South Korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor . The Sewol sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island , off South Korea 's southern coast . "  We kept waiting with belief in finding our daughter . I thought once , ` Somebody will be the last person and what if it 's Da-yun ? ' " Park said . A year later , Park 's life remains at a standstill . Nine have yet to be found . "  We , the families of the missing victims , are still living the day -- April 16 , 2014 , " said Park , who is in poor health , but refusing treatment . "  I can not think about anything except to find my daughter and other missing people . " Park 's case is an unsettling one -- emblematic of what remains unresolved a year after the Sewol ferry sank . Dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges . But families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking of the Sewol are far from resolved . On April 16 , the Sewol ferry , carrying hundreds of high school students , began sinking after taking a sharp turn . Passengers were told repeatedly by the crew members to stay where they were as rescuers would arrive soon . Many of them listened to the instructions and remained in place . As the ferry tilted sideways , water seeped in and objects in the ship toppled over , injuring people and blocking their way out . Anger over how the crew failed to evacuate the passengers intensified when video surfaced of the ferry 's captain in his underwear leaping into the arms of the Korean Coast Guard while hundreds remained trapped in the vessel . Divers had to pluck the bodies from the water one-by-one , bringing the youngsters back to land in black body bags where they were met with the gut-wrenching cries of their families . On Thursday , the one year anniversary of the disaster , South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye called for the salvage of the Sewol 's wreck "  as soon as possible . " "  Recently , there was an announcement that it is technically possible to salvage Sewol ferry . I believe that it is now time to earnestly prepare to salvage , " she said . A government study on raising the ferry released last week identified a crane and floating dock as the safest way to look for the missing . The Sewol ferry is over 20 years old and there are fears it could fall apart during the extraction , according to the South Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries . The agency anticipates a complicated technical operation to remove the ferry , which would weigh about 10,200 tons above water . The process could take over a year and a half , and that it would cost the South Korean government anywhere from $ 91 million to $ 182 million . The victims ' families have demanded that the ship be recovered in order to thoroughly investigate the accident . Since the days immediately after the disaster , families have criticized the government over its response . Communication over the rescue efforts were jumbled , paving way for rumors and hoaxes . Criticism swirled over the South Korean Coast Guard 's effectiveness in carrying out the rescue operation . The captain of the first coast guard ship sent to rescue the Sewol passengers was found guilty of negligence and making false reports . The recovery efforts have also taken a deadly toll with a total of six deaths -- a diver searching the Sewol died in May , and in July , five people died after a helicopter carrying emergency workers involved in the operation crashed . Park , the South Korean president , pledged major reforms , dismantled the coast guard and vowed an investigation into what went wrong . That promised investigation has been hampered by politics and disagreements between the families and the government over who should participate in the investigation . Earlier this month , several dozens of family members marched to Seoul from Ansan , the suburb where most of the students had resided . Some of the families shaved their heads to demand political action . Several laws have been passed to inspect cargo weight and increase oversight in the industry . In the case of Sewol , the ferry was found to be loaded with double its capacity . Its cargo was n't secured properly , which threw the ship off balance as the containers tumbled and knocked the vessel off balance . An inexperienced crew and redesigns of the ship to handle more passengers and cargo were also cited as factors in the disaster . The sinking spurred a debate about the shortcomings of the government and what preventive measures should have been taken . "  The tragedy of Sewol was also virtually caused by accumulation of corruption , irregularity and going blind eyes , " Park said on Thursday . "  Corruption and deep-rooted evil are issues that can lead to taking away people 's lives . We take this very seriously . " In the immediate aftermath , South Korean prosecutors arrested the captain , crew members and business associates . Sewol 's captain , Lee Joon-seok , who was widely derided for jumping to safety , was sentenced to 36 years in prison for abandonment causing death and injury , and violating sea laws . In July , the body of a billionaire Yoo Byung Eun , who was believed to have connections to the company that owned the ferry , was found decomposing in a plum field . But some families say that wider , systematic problems that allowed the disaster to occur have n't been addressed . Whether the ferry will be raised and an independent investigation will be held remains to be seen . CNN 's KJ Kwon and journalist Jungeun Kim contributed to this report in Seoul .	Sewol ferry sank a year ago off the coast of South Korea , killing 304 people Families hold protests , vigils , say not much has been resolved since sinking Government has yet to decide whether to raise the ferry
CNN  -- Seventy dollars . Gary Bender had difficulty believing what was right before his eyes . Bender , an accountant who lives in Irvine , California , was looking at a hospital bill he had found while going through the possessions of his late mother , Sylvia . "  I 'm kind of the family historian , " he told me . "  I keep things . " What he was looking at was the bill for his own birth , in 1947 . The bill had been mailed to his parents after they , and he , had left Grant Hospital in Columbus , Ohio , in May of that year . The grand total for his mother 's six-day stay at Grant , for the use of the operating room , for his days in the nursery , for the various medicines and lab work -- for all aspects of his birth -- was $ 70 . "  It made me think , ` How did we get from that , to where we are today ? ' " Bender said . He was referring to the soaring costs of health care in the United States . For all the discussion of how out of hand the price of medical treatment has become , somehow that one old piece of paper put the subject in sharper focus for Bender than all the millions of words in news accounts analyzing the topic . 10 ways falling off the fiscal cliff could hurt your health "  It ca n't just be inflation , can it ? " he asked . No , it ca n't . According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , $ 70 in 1947 would be equivalent to $ 726 in 2012 dollars . Does it cost $ 726 for a hospital stay to deliver a baby these days ? Dream on . According to a 2011 report from the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists  ACOG  , the cost for a hospital stay , including physician fees , for a conventional birth with no complications was a little over $ 11,000 in 2008 , the most recent year the report covered . For a birth involving a Caesarean section , the cost was around $ 19,000 . While five - or six-day hospital stays were commonplace for mothers and newborns in the 1940s , today they routinely leave the hospital within 48 hours of childbirth -- so the higher costs are for shorter stays . At Grant Hospital in Columbus -- now called Grant Medical Center -- a spokeswoman told me that the average cost for having a baby is around $ 15,000 . So what exactly has happened , for costs to rise so astronomically ? A lot of things , said Dr. Gary Hankins of the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston , a former chair of ACOG 's obstetric practice committee . The technology available to keep mothers and babies safe is light years removed from what was available in 1947 , he said , and "  regrettably , the technology is expensive . " He said that in almost every way , new mothers and their babies are better off now than they were 65 years ago . The antibiotics that have been developed to fight infections , the improved surgical procedures , the sophisticated anesthesia , the highly accurate electronic fetal monitors and other medical machinery -- all provide advantages for mother and child that did not exist in 1947 . Medical malpractice insurance premiums figure into the high cost of childbirth today , he said . And there are some physicians who question whether all procedures that are regularly performed , increasing costs , are routinely necessary . But for all the frustration that patients feel about the price of medical care , one fact is indisputable : The rate of infant mortality , and the rate of mortality for new mothers , has plummeted , said Hankins . In 1950 nearly 30 infants out of 1,000 died at or soon after birth ; in 2009 , that number was 6.4 out of 1,000 , according to the ACOG report . It may be more expensive to give birth to a child today , but both the mother and child , if there is trouble during delivery , have a much better chance of survival than they once did . Opinion : Fairness needed for pregnant workers At Grant , where Gary Bender was born , Dr. Michael Sprague , medical director of women 's health , told me that "  infection , blood clots , hemorrhage -- our ability to diagnose and treat all of these " is considerably better today . "  You never know who that patient is going to be , " Sprague said -- the mother or baby who suddenly requires all the resources a hospital maintains , at great expense , to save lives during delivery . I sent copies of Gary Bender 's childbirth bill to Hankins and Sprague . Both were amazed at the particulars : The hospital room charge for Sylvia Bender was $ 7 per day , for six days . The cost for Gary to stay in the nursery was $ 2 per day . The flat rate for maternity service was $ 15 . Grant Hospital , by the way , was not an anomaly ; a 1947 brochure from Santa Monica Hospital in California , to use one example , listed a similar price structure for having a baby : $ 17.50 for maternity service , $ 2 per day for the nursery , an extra $ 15 if the birth was by cesarean section . And Gary Bender , who came into this world for $ 70 ? He told me that last year , the cost of the health insurance he and his employer sign up for , covering him and his wife , was in excess of $ 18,000 -- and that was before a single visit to a physician , and before a single prescription was filled . "  It just astonishes me that in our lifetime , we have seen such extremes in medical costs , " said Bender , who was one of more than 3.8 million American babies born in 1947 . And who -- with that old hospital bill still in hand -- lived to tell the tale . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene 's friend found the hospital bill from his birth in 1947 . It was $ 70 , $ 726 in 2012 dollars He says the price of a hospital birth in 2008 was $ 11,000 . Why is it so expensive now ? He says huge pricetag is partly due to advanced technology that has greatly cut infant mortality Greene : Some say not all costly procedures necessary , but outcomes are better now
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Los Angeles County coroner has ruled that Michael Jackson 's death was a homicide involving a combination of drugs . Michael Jackson was found dead on June 25 . He had been preparing for a comeback concert series in London . "  The drugs propofol and lorazepam were found to be the primary drugs responsible for Mr. Jackson 's death , " said a news release issued Friday by the coroner . "  Other drugs detected were : midazolam , diazepam , lidocaine and ephedrine . " The release said Jackson died from "  acute propofol intoxication , " but said "  other conditions contributing to death : benzodiazepine effect . " Lorazepam , midazolam and diazepam are benzodiazepines . A lawyer for Jackson 's personal physician criticized the coroner for releasing only a brief summary of his findings , saying it contained "  nothing new " and had "  all the earmarks of police gamesmanship . " Michael Jackson 's family issued a statement in reaction : "  The Jackson family again wishes to commend the actions of the Coroner , the LAPD and other law enforcement agencies , and looks forward to the day that justice can be served . " Federal and state agencies also have launched independent investigations into "  matters uncovered " by Los Angeles police while looking into Jackson 's death , authorities said . Watch a report on the coroner 's findings " The Los Angeles Police Department , which has been conducting a criminal investigation of Jackson 's death , requested at an interagency meeting last week that federal and state agencies pursue their own investigations , according to statements issued Friday by California 's attorney general and the Drug Enforcement Administration . The full and final autopsy report and the complete toxicology report "  will remain on security hold at the request of the Los Angeles Police Department and the Los Angeles County district attorney , " the release said . See a timeline of events in the case " Dr. Conrad Murray , Jackson 's personal physician , told investigators that he had given Jackson three anti-anxiety drugs -- lorazepam , midazolam and diazepam -- in an effort to help him sleep in the hours before he stopped breathing , according to a police affidavit made public earlier this week . Murray also told detectives he administered a dosage of the anesthetic propofol , diluted with lidocaine , to Jackson a short time before he stopped breathing , the affidavit said . The 32-page sworn statement was written by Los Angeles Police detective Orlando Martinez to outline probable cause for warrants to search Murray 's offices , home and storage rooms in Texas and Nevada . Murray told detectives he had been treating Jackson for insomnia for six weeks , giving him 50 milligrams of propofol , the generic name for Diprivan , diluted with the anesthetic lidocaine every night via an intravenous drip , the affidavit said . Worried that Jackson might become addicted to the drug , Murray said he tried to wean Jackson from it , putting together combinations of other drugs that succeeded in helping him sleep during the two nights before his death . But on the morning of June 25 other drugs failed to do the job . Murray recounted the events to detectives in an hour-by-hour account that was detailed by Martinez : • About 1:30 a.m. , Murray gave Jackson 10 mg of Valium  diazepam  . • About 2 a.m. , he injected Jackson with 2 mg of the antianxiety drug Ativan  lorazepam  . • About 3 a.m. , Murray then administered 2 mg of the sedative Versed  midazolam  . • About 5 a.m. , he administered another 2 mg of Ativan . • About 7:30 a.m. , Murray gave Jackson yet another 2 mg of Versed while monitoring him with a device that measures the oxygen saturation of his blood . • About 10:40 a.m. , "  after repeated demands/requests from Jackson , " Murray administered 25 mg of propofol , the document said . "  Jackson finally went to sleep and Murray stated that he remained monitoring him . After approximately 10 minutes , Murray stated he left Jackson 's side to go to the restroom and relieve himself . Murray stated he was out of the room for about two minutes maximum . Upon his return , Murray noticed that Jackson was no longer breathing . " Efforts at CPR proved fruitless . Jackson was pronounced dead at UCLA Medical Center at 2:26 p.m. . Earlier this week , Murray 's lawyer disputed the final section of the timeline . "  Dr. Murray simply never told investigators that he found Michael Jackson at 11 a.m. not breathing , " Chernoff said . "  He also never said that he waited a mere 10 minutes before leaving to make several phone calls . In fact , Dr. Murray never said that he left Michael Jackson 's room to make phone calls at all . " In Friday , Chernoff criticized the coroner 's office for making the "  contains nothing new . " "  For two months we have been hearing the same information , usually from leaks out of the coroner 's office , " Chernoff said . "  One has to wonder why the coroner felt compelled to release anything at all if the police investigation is not yet complete . " Agents from the California attorney general 's office also will investigate physicians whose names have come up in the course of the Jackson death probe , Attorney General Jerry Brown said . The federal drug administration also responded with its own independent investigations "  into matters that the LAPD 's investigation uncovered that may not be directly related to the cause of death , " the agency said . Last week Drug Enforcement agents executed a federal administrative search warrant at the Mickey Fine Pharmacy in Beverly Hills , California , looking for prescription records relating to Jackson , an agency spokesman said . The pharmacy sits directly below the offices of Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein . Shortly before his death , Jackson visited the building several times to see Klein . Klein , who treated Jackson for decades , denied in a CNN interview last month that he had given Jackson dangerous drugs . Attorney General Brown said that agents with his Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement "  will review relevant records and documents . " The attorney general 's office maintains a computerized prescription drug monitoring system that tracks controlled substances . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer for Jackson physician says report reveals "  nothing new " Federal , state agencies launch independent probes into Jackson 's death Jackson died from lethal combination of drugs , Los Angeles coroner 's office says The legendary pop singer was found dead on June 25
CNN  -- As a gung-ho supervisor , Stephen Jackson was so adept at finding and photographing sleeping airport security guards that colleagues called him the "  Nighttime Ninja , " he says . Now the 38-year-old former U.S. Marine says he has been fired in retaliation for repeatedly bringing attention to the sleeping habits of subordinates who were supposed to be protecting New York 's JFK Airport . Jackson said he reported to his bosses about a half-dozen instances in which guards fell asleep on post during his six months at the airport . But he says his employer -- FJC Security Services -- only took action in one case , suspending a guard who he had documented twice falling asleep . "  At JFK , they did n't want to know about it . They did n't want to deal with it , " said Jackson . "  I was told that , ` Listen , You fly under the radar here . You do n't have to be so gung-ho . ' " Jackson this week provided the New York Post and CNN with photographs that he says show security guards asleep at JFK posts . An official with FJC Security , which provides security for JFK , painted Jackson as a disgruntled employee who released the photos to damage the company after he was fired for misconduct . FJC vice president and chief security officer Matt Horace said the photos were "  never brought to the attention of FJC . Had he taken the proper steps as supervisor , those employees would have gone through the proper steps up to and including termination . " FJC provides security under a contract with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , operators of JFK . #Avgeeks : The new warriors on terror at the airport While the Transportation Security Administration provides the high-profile job of screening passengers and baggage , airports are responsible for providing perimeter security under plans that undergo TSA scrutiny and approval . Most large airports contract with private firms for that security work . Jackson , of Staten Island , said he informed supervisors about sleeping guards and showed them photos . But he says he met resistance . "  My complaints fell on deaf ears , or at least somebody who did n't want to be bothered , " he said . Jackson said FJC responded differently if sleeping guards were discovered by the Port Authority or by other FJC officials . Those discovered by the Port Authority were fired , he said , while those discovered internally were not . In May , a TSA inspector "  found one of our guards sleeping " at the airport 's "  H post " -- an access point to an airport operations area -- and reported it to the company , Jackson said . But the company "  made no issue of it , " he said . A TSA official said the validity of that claim could not be immediately determined . The Port Authority on Monday said it "  immediately directed FJC to permanently remove from Port Authority premises the guards shown sleeping in photos and/or on video as well as any other guards caught sleeping at our facilities . " "  The Port Authority will not tolerate unacceptable performance from its vendors , " the statement said . Jackson was fired May 28 for "  gross misconduct and security infractions , " the FJC 's Horace said . Jackson allowed an off-duty guard to photocopy log entrees . "  When we became aware of it , an investigation was pursued and Mr. Jackson was terminated . " Jackson told CNN the guard was a union shop steward and that he and another supervisor "  challenged " him . But Jackson said they were told the steward had permission and that he reported it "  about an hour or so after the fact . " "  They suspended the other manager and fired me , " Jackson said .	Stephen Jackson says he was fired for exposing guards sleeping at JFK airport Security company at airport painted the ex-Marine as a disgruntled employee Jackson said he told supervisors about sleeping guards , showed them photos
The offices of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo burned early Wednesday morning , the day it was due to publish an issue with a cover appearing to make fun of Islamic law . The cover has a bearded and turbaned cartoon figure of the Prophet Mohammed saying "  100 lashes if you 're not dying of laughter . " The magazine 's publication director said the fire was caused by a Molotov cocktail . The executive , identified on CNN affiliate BFM-TV as "  Charb , " expressed outrage at the attack . "  The arsonist did n't read this magazine -- no one knows what 's in this magazine except for the ones who will buy it this morning , " he said . "  People acted violently over a magazine where they do n't even know the content . This is what is most deviant and dumb , " Charb said . French Interior Minister Claude Gueant expressed the support of the nation for the magazine . "  The freedom of the press is a sacred freedom for French people . Everything will be done to find the perpetrators of this attack , " he said . Bertrand Delanoe , the mayor of Paris , "  strongly condemned this act of violence . " "  We may not agree with this week 's edition of Charlie Hebdo , but we are in a society that needs freedom of expression , and any violence that undermines this freedom ... is absolutely unacceptable , " he said on BFM-TV . He offered to help Charlie Hebdo find other offices "  in order to support the newspaper and its freedom . " Paris police confirmed that a fire started at the Charlie Hebdo building at 1 a.m. Wednesday and was extinguished about two hours later . They could not confirm that the fire was started by Molotov cocktails . An investigation is underway , they said . France has been wracked by tensions over its rapidly growing Muslim minority . The country banned the wearing of Islamic veils and other face coverings earlier this year , claiming they were both degrading and a security risk . Belgium has passed similar legislation , and Switzerland banned the building of minarets , the tall spires which often stand next to mosques . Muslims around the world have demonstrated over cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed , and some of the cartoonists have been attacked or threatened . Islam generally bans depictions of its founder . The French magazine received threats after it announced an edition guest-edited by the Prophet Mohammed and dedicated to the Arab Spring , Charb told BFM . "  I do n't think Islam is a taboo subject , I think we have the right to talk about anything , " he said . The issue is renamed "  Charia Hebdo , " a reference to Islamic law , or sharia . The website of the magazine has also been hacked by "  Cyber-Warrior TIM " claiming to be from Akincilar , "  for Islam . " The redirect page says , "  You keep abusing Islam 's almighty Prophet with disgusting and disgraceful cartoons using excuses of freedom of speech . " It has messages in both English and Turkish . The hacking group does not claim to be responsible for the physical attacks on the building in its statement .	The mayor of Paris "  strongly condemns " the "  act of violence " Charlie Hebdo releases a special "  Arab Spring " edition The cover features a bearded and turbaned cartoon figure of the Prophet Mohammed Police can not confirm the fire was caused by arson
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- A Sri Lankan Cabinet minister on a "  fast unto death " to protest a U.N. human rights panel announced Friday that he had resigned his post as his supporters marched in Colombo carrying placards condemning the world body . Crowds carrying portraits of former minister Wimal Weerawansa marched to the Russian Embassy to seek Moscow 's help in stopping the United Nations from probing alleged war crimes . They handed a memorandum to that effect to an embassy official . Police said the about 200 people carried placards condemning the U.N. move and shouting slogans against Secretary General Ban Ki-moon . Organizers said a similar request will be made to the Chinese Embassy . Meanwhile , several nations expressed dismay at the blockade of the U.N. compound and Weerawansa 's leading role . "  Peaceful protest is part of any democracy , but blocking access to the United Nations -- of which Sri Lanka itself is a member -- as well as intimidating and harassing U.N. personnel is a breach of international norms and harmful to Sri Lanka 's reputation in the world , " said a statement from the United States , Germany , France , Italy , Britain , Switzerland , the Netherlands , Romania , Norway and the European Union . "  We call upon the government of Sri Lanka to take all appropriate steps to ensure the safety and security of U.N. personnel and premises , " it said . Weerawansa continued his fast for a second day , rejecting warnings from a doctor to drink water or risk affecting his kidneys . He said he would go without food until Ban dissolves a three-member panel that is looking into human rights abuses in the final stages of a decades-long war that ended in 2009 between the government and the Tamil Tiger rebels . The United Nations has been concerned about accountability issues related to the rebels ' defeat , including alleged war crimes by troops and rebels -- allegations that both parties deny . "  Ban 's move is intended to bring President Mahinda Rajapaksa before a war crimes tribunal . We will not allow that to happen , " Weerawansa told a news conference earlier in the week . Weerawansa 's Cabinet colleagues visited him at a special tent outside the U.N. compound in Colombo . He lay on a mattress on a specially-constructed dais protected by plain-clothed security . Visits by ministers signalled government backing for Weerawansa 's protest against the United Nations . Meanwhile , the United Nations office continued to function with limited staff . External affairs minister , G.L. Peiris , defended the protest in Parliament . He said it "  is in conformity with the law " and added that the government has no right to suppress peaceful demonstrations who are entitled to democratic rights .	Ex-minister protests a U.N. panel that addresses human rights violations Accuses the panel of seeking to bring Sri Lankan president before a war crimes tribunal Crowds march through Colombo carrying placards condemning the U. N. move Several nations dismayed at blockade
CNN  -- The increasingly slapstick global steeplechase in pursuit of Edward Snowden , the former American contractor who leaked top-secret details of surveillance programs , looks like a cross between "  The Hunt for Red October " and "  The Bonfire of the Vanities . " Nobody , except perhaps Snowden himself , is coming out of this well . While the CIA 's Public Enemy Number One plays Captain Marko Ramius , keeping stumm beneath the  radio  waves in the Moscow transit zone , Very Important People are making themselves ridiculous in vintage Tom Wolfe style . High on the list is John Kerry , U.S. Secretary of State . Huffing and puffing , Kerry warned China and Russia of "  consequences " if , as seems probable , they have conspired to deliberately thwart U.S. justice by twisting the long arm of the law . Like too many American politicians , Kerry seems to believe "  the law " is what the White House counsel and U.S. Justice Department deem it to be on any given day , and that this made-in-America "  law " applies inexorably to every country and every corner of the world . Wrong , John . It 's like invading somebody else 's country without a U.N. Security Council resolution , or entering a home without a warrant . Not advisable , unless you relish hand-to-hand combat and endless sarcasm . Quite what Kerry 's "  consequences " may be is not specified -- but the idea sounds arrogant to foreign ears . Perhaps the U.S. will retaliate by ordering the secret hacking of Chinese government data banks ? Wait a minute . Has n't that been done already ? To Asian eyes , Snowden is a new , more useful kind of Quiet American . Having picked his brains or pockets or both , Hong Kong happily let him go . Russia says it feels "  threatened " by U.S. criticism . This is as close as Sergei Lavrov , Moscow 's dour foreign minister , has ever got to making a joke . If Putin and pals can stiff Obama on Syria and Iran , they can certainly "  lift " a tale-teller and endure a cyber-tiff or two . These are tears of laughter , not pain . Crowing Chinese comments about how the heroic Snowden has "  torn off Washington 's sanctimonious mask " give a clue to what is going on here . So , too , does the uppity behavior of tiny Ecuador and Iceland . If these international minnows dare challenge the pomp and majesty of Imperial America , how stands the Empire now , Caesar ? Fraying at the edges , is the answer . Admit it . For Obama et al , it 's a "  pants-down " day . L'affaire Snowden has provided a glorious field day for all those "  surrender monkey Commie pinko crypto-Marxist long-haired G8-loathing eco-friendly global-warming anti-free market anti-capitalist anti-McDonald 's  anti-stereotype  " anti-Americans who just love to hate the "  Land of the Free . " It 's surprising how many of them there are these days . Perhaps it has something to do with Guantanamo . For sure , the Beijing Politburo has no problem with detaining people indefinitely without charge . After all , they 've been doing it for years . But it comes hard from a global superpower that is constantly lecturing China and everybody else about the inviolability of human rights . Perhaps it 's a Bradley Manning thing . There 's a lot of sympathy out there for the pint-sized soldier who dared to share the State Department 's incredibly tedious cables , then got treated worse than a mass murderer . Every country has its own experience of U.S. bullying . In Britain , the case of Pentagon hacker Gary McKinnon , accused by the U.S. of the "  biggest military computer hack of all time " , became a cause celebre . In the end even Britain 's sycophantic Cameron government was obliged , by force of public opinion , to throw out the U.S. extradition demand . Where could Snowden go next ? Perhaps it 's the way the U.S. ignores its friends ' environmental and resource concerns . Perhaps people in the global village are growing less tolerant of a domineering , one-size-fits-all philistine culture . Iran has a pithy catchphrase for it . It calls America the "  Global Arrogance . " Or perhaps it 's a "  white man 's burden " thing . That 's the phrase the British used to morally justify their empire-building . They were doing good , or so they told themselves , annexing all those countries and subjugating their peoples . Geopolitically speaking , Washington took over where London left off , post 1945 . Except the US equivalent phrase is "  right man 's burden " . That is to say , we  that 's the imperial Washington ` we '  are  always  right , and you  lesser mortals , sadly benighted  are  always  wrong . The world watched this attitude play out in Afghanistan and Iraq  intervention to make America 's streets safe  and now in Syria  non-intervention to make America 's streets safe  . Pity all those displaced and terrorised Middle Easterners , but hey , we fixed Osama did n't we ? Strange that sense of triumph over the killing of the 9/11 mastermind was not universally shared . Extra-judicial assassination , drones , killer robots , extraordinary rendition , black ops , wet ops , psy-ops , silly ops ... The world is a bit tired of all this American posturing , grandstanding , and self-serving banditry . So now it 's cyber-ops , but wholly unofficial , courtesy Mr E. Snowden . It would hard to accept it is real , if you did n't suspect it was virtual . Rather than decry it , many applaud it . The White House is furious at the non-cooperation it has received . But has it occurred to them that maybe not just the Russians and the Chinese , but those soft , liberal Europeans and all the other neutrals also do n't like the idea of being spied on by an out-of-control transnational agency beyond the reach of the law , any law , anywhere ? Obama and Kerry can talk about security until they lose signal . Right now , the rest of the world is talking sovereignty , privacy and individual rights . And enjoying the moment when the big guy takes a fall . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Tisdall .	NSA leaker Edward Snowden has hidden in Hong Kong and Moscow airport U.S. secretary of state warned China and Russia of "  consequences " Simon Tisdall : L'affaire Snowden has provided a glorious field day for anti-Americans Every country has its own experience of U.S. bullying , writes Tisdall
Bastrop , Texas  CNN  -- A raging wildfire near Austin , Texas , killed two people , officials said Tuesday , as firefighters fought to gain the upper hand against flames , wind and fatigue . The deaths raise the overall toll from the outbreak of fires to four lives lost . A wildfire killed a woman and her 18-month-old child Sunday when flames engulfed their home near Gladewater , officials said . "  Texas is in a difficult situation right now , and our priorities are pretty simple . No. 1 is to protect life at all costs , " said Nim Kidd , chief of the state Division of Emergency Management . The Texas Forest Service said it has responded to 181 fires that have burned more than 118,400 acres over the last week . The fires have destroyed more than 700 homes since Sunday , according to the forest service . More than 1,000 homes have burned in the state since fire season began in November , Gov. Rick Perry 's office said . Winds that had peaked at nearly 30 mph had calmed to little more than half that Tuesday , giving firefighters a bit of a break . "  It 's been a little calmer today , " Mary Kay Hicks , a forest service official , told CNN 's "  AC 360 . " "  The wind has really died down and helped us get more of a handle of what 's going on out there , " she said . The largest fire , near Austin , has spread across 30,000 acres , destroying more than 600 homes and forcing the evacuations of at least 5,000 people , officials said Tuesday . Known as the Bastrop County Complex , the fire has burned largely uncontrolled since it began Sunday afternoon . The two people killed by the blaze near Austin were not public safety personnel , according to incident command officials . The officials declined to offer details . "  I do n't think it 's registered in our brains that our house is gone and that , really , half of Bastrop is gone , " said evacuee Claire Johnson . The danger from a fire near Houston -- called the Magnolia fire -- appeared to be lessening for the most populated areas . Officials in Harris County , which includes Houston , said the fire was no longer a threat there . Also , many residents were being allowed back into their homes Tuesday in neighboring Montgomery County . About 4,000 homes in Montgomery had been evacuated , according to Lt. Dan Norris of the county 's emergency management office . Firefighters continued to battle hot spots in Montgomery , but the bulk of the problems from the Magnolia fire appeared to be centered in Waller and Grimes counties , Norris said . Another blaze in Grimes County , the Riley Road fire , has destroyed 20 homes and has hundreds more in its path , the forest service said . It had burned 3,000 acres as of Tuesday , according to the forest service . Two major fires in Travis County destroyed 44 structures and damaged 74 others , Roger Wade , a spokesman for the Travis County Sheriff 's Office , said Tuesday . Authorities allowed residents of the Steiner Ranch area , burned by one of those Travis fires , to return to their homes Tuesday afternoon . Nichelle Bielinski was one such resident . Standing amid the ruin of her two-story house , where smoke was still rising , she took stock . "  I 'm OK , " she said . "  I am the luckiest person in the world . My family is safe . " Four firefighters working the Magnolia fire were taken to a hospital for treatment of heat exhaustion , according to the Montgomery County Office of Emergency Management . One also had an ankle injury . All injuries were minor , the agency said . The Bastrop County fire started Sunday and spread quickly Monday on winds fueled by what was once Tropical Storm Lee . As the fire spread , firefighters would leave one structure thinking it was safe to work on another , only to return and find the first building had burned , said Tim Simpson , a firefighter deployed to Texas from Johnsondale , California . "  We were doing everything we could , " he said . Firefighters accustomed to attacking a fire head-on could do little more than pick around the edges , trying to protect whatever they could , said Tom Boggus , director of the Texas Forest Service . "  We 've been very defensive . It 's all we could do until now , " he said . The historic drought in Texas has created ideal conditions for the rapid spread of wildfire . So far in 2011 , 7.2 million acres of grass , scrub and forest have burned in wildfires nationwide . Of those , some 3.5 million acres -- nearly half -- have been in Texas , according to Inciweb , a fire-tracking website maintained by state and federal agencies . Tuesday marked the 294th consecutive day of wildfires in Texas , according to Inciweb . More than 2,000 firefighters are working fires across the state , Boggus said . Fatigue is a major issue , he added , especially for volunteer firefighters from local departments who form the backbone of the response . Boggus said Texas officials are seeking additional resources from around the country to help battle the fires . CNN 's Jim Spellman , Chris Welch , Melanie Whitley and Rich Phillips , and journalist Jocelyn Lane , contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's been a little calmer today , " a fire official says A blaze near Austin is blamed for 2 deaths , raising the overall death toll to 4 More than 700 homes have burned in the last two days , the Texas Forest Service reports The largest fire , the Bastrop County Complex , is up to 30,000 acres and is largely uncontained
The Pentagon broke federal law by exchanging five Taliban detainees for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl without giving Congress the appropriate notice , Congress ' independent investigative arm announced Thursday . Susan Poling , general counsel for the U.S. Government Accountability Office , wrote in a letter to nine Republican senators that the Pentagon should have notified "  the relevant congressional committees at least 30 days in advance of the transfer . " Moreover , Poling noted that the GAO also concluded the Defense Department broke the law by using "  appropriated funds to carry out the transfer when no money was available for that purpose . " Poling noted that her office was n't weighing in on Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel 's decision to carry out the prisoner swap , but rather his "  responsibility to comply with a notification condition on the availability of appropriations to transfer individuals from Guantanamo Bay . " Talking to CNN on Thursday evening , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby noted Hagel 's previous admission "  that we probably could have done a better job keeping Congress informed . Absolutely . " But that does n't mean the Defense Department did anything illegal , Kirby said . He stated officials felt they had "  to move quickly " out of concern for Bergdahl 's life . The Pentagon said that President Barack Obama 's administration felt "  it was necessary and appropriate to forgo 30 days ' notice " to do so . "  We ... believe that it was lawfully done , lawfully conducted , " Kirby said of the exchange . "  And this was a judgment that was shared by the Justice Department . " Poling 's letter was in response to a June 13 request from the GOP senators for her opinion on the matter . Captured in Afghanistan early in the summer of 2009 , Bergdahl was freed almost five years later in exchange for five men who were being held at the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . U.S. soldier freed in swap At the time of his release , the 28-year-old was the longest-held U.S. soldier since the Vietnam War . The swap stirred sharp criticism , especially among Republicans who questioned whether the U.S. government might encourage its enemies to take more Americans captive . Others -- including members of his unit -- accused him of deserting his comrades in the midst of a war . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . There has been no definitive conclusion Bergdahl was a deserter . He met for two days earlier this month with an Army investigating officer who has been reviewing his case . Unless he requests an extension , the investigating officer has until mid-August to complete the probe . A report would typically be issued about a month later . As for Bergdahl , he 's back in the active military . Following his release in late May , the Idaho native underwent medical care and mental counseling at an Army hospital in San Antonio before taking a desk job at Fort Sam Houston , according to military officials . Bergdahl finishes with Army investigator Sen. Saxby Chambliss made no mention of Bergdahl -- including how he went missing , his time in captivity or his future -- in a statement Thursday on the GAO 's findings . The Georgia Republican did , however , reference "  the Taliban Five " and repeated Poling 's assertions about the Defense Department handling of this matter . In doing so , he reiterated a claim made by many in his party -- as evidenced by the GOP-led House giving the go-ahead earlier this summer to sue Obama over executive orders -- that the administration has often overreached its authority . "  While the President has a habit of ignoring laws relating to domestic policy , such as health care and immigration , this latest overreach regarding our national security has dangerous implications , " Chambliss said . "  The United States has a long-standing policy of not negotiating with terrorists for good reason , and these senior Taliban leaders will soon rejoin the fight . "	Critical GOP senator : "  This latest overreach ... has dangerous implications " Bergdahl was captured in 2009 , released in 2014 in exchange for 5 Taliban detainees GAO : Congress should 've been told 30 days before ; funds were n't authorized Pentagon spokesman : The swap "  was lawfully done ; " officials had to move quickly
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Some Florida amusement park visitors may enjoy space-themed roller-coasters , but the first vehicle they board at Orlando International Airport may be the most futuristic ride of their vacation . Four hydrogen shuttle buses are part of the fleet at the Orlando International Airport . The airport is testing four Ford shuttle vans equipped with internal combustion engines modified to run on hydrogen instead of gasoline . "  It 's quiet , it does n't shake like diesel , it does n't have that diesel smell , " said Rafael Sanchez , who has been driving the vans for a year . The quieter engine makes conversation inside the bus easier than in conventional vehicles . "  Hydrogen is one of the many technologies we are exploring , trying to become more of a green airport , " said Ronald Lewis , director of airport operations . Vehicles powered with hydrogen engines are different from the many vehicles across the nation that run with the help of hydrogen fuel cells -- which are the gold standard of green machines . The use of hydrogen in internal combustion engines is far less efficient than in the fuel cells . The modified engines aboard the Ford E-450 shuttle buses are 6.8 liter V-10s . The airport 's fleet also includes three gas-electric hybrid vehicles and 24 biodiesel buses . The facility also powers its maintenance equipment -- such as lawnmowers and tractors -- with biodiesel . But like many experiments with alternative fuels , the price is very high and the long-term outcome is unknown . Proponents of hydrogen technology have long had a chicken-and-egg dilemma over whether to build million-dollar fueling facilities or to wait until more vehicles are in use . Energy companies are reluctant to pour money into expensive fueling stations without a lot of hydrogen vehicles around , but consumers are not likely to buy a vehicle without adequate places to fill up . "  It is clear nothing is going to displace gasoline or diesel for 20 , 30 , maybe 40 years , " said John Lapetz , who has been working on alternative fuels at Ford for more than 20 years . The Orlando project has several goals : To get average consumers acquainted with hydrogen and to acquire data on the buses ' performance in a setting where they are in use almost nonstop . Lapetz said it 's an effort to use a technology that customers take for granted  the internal combustion engine  , while preparing for the day when drivers can complete the divorce from fossil fuels . At the Boggy Creek Hydrogen Fueling Station in Orlando , the hydrogen is produced on-site . "  We are doing a process called steam methane re-forming , which is natural gas to hydrogen , " said Puneet Verma , manager of biofuels and hydrogen at Chevron Technology Ventures , one of the players involved in the project . During a careful fueling process , technicians check for leaks of the highly flammable hydrogen -- leaks both in the bus and the fuel pump . Because a fossil fuel , methane , is used to make the hydrogen , the buses are about 12 percent cleaner than gasoline or diesel when their entire carbon footprint is measured . "  We view the hydrogen efforts as a technical success , " said Verma . "  This is the first time we have been able to demonstrate actual production of hydrogen at the station . It 's not necessarily an economic success yet . " "  The ultimate goal is hydrogen fuel cell cars , " Verma said . "  The hydrogen internal combustion engine buses are much less expensive to manufacture , but they consume a lot more hydrogen . " Verma said the buses are "  valid transition technology " aimed at quickly building significant demand for hydrogen , which would then justify an expensive infrastructure . The hydrogen test project also includes the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority , Ford Motor Company , the Florida Department of Environmental Protection , Progress Energy and SeaWorld . Hydrogen buses began shuttling SeaWorld employees in February from the park 's outer parking lots to their workplaces . "  The environment is really an important part of SeaWorld 's culture here , " said Kelly Bernish , director of environmental health and safety at Busch theme parks SeaWorld , Discovery Cove and Aquatica . Bernish described the venture as another opportunity for "  employees to feel like they can impact the environment by using this kind of vehicle , that will lessen our footprint on the world . " SeaWorld 's Discovery Cove animal training supervisor Jay Tacey said "  somebody has to get the ball rolling . Until somebody takes that first step , there 's always going to be the ` what if ? ' " Airport Operations Director Lewis said being in on the hydrogen experiment early could pay off in the long run . "  We are hopeful that since they built the facility here , the only one in the southeast United States , that there will be a long-term usage for it . "	Orlando airport tests cleaner hydrogen-powered internal combustion engines Smoother , quieter engines require million-dollar fueling stations Testers hope to learn more by gathering data from nonstop shuttle usage Hydrogen engines cheaper than hydrogen fuel cells , but they use more hydrogen
CNN  -- Allies of Philippines President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo on Wednesday defeated an attempt by opposition leaders to impeach her on large-scale corruption charges -- the fourth such attempt in four years . Protesters display slogans in front of the House of Representatives in Manila on Tuesday . The House Justice Committee dismissed the impeachment complaint by 42-8 votes , saying that it was "  insufficient in substance , " the state-run Philippines News Agency reported . The complaint alleged that Arroyo and her husband were directly involved in an Internet broadband deal with a Chinese firm . The deal was ultimately scrapped amid allegations of corruption . "  I 'm not saying that there is no substance  to the complaint  , but it was insufficient , " Deputy House Speaker Pablo Garcia told the committee before the vote . "  The allegations are not allegations of fact . They are conclusions , opinion , inferences , and even arguments , " Garcia said , according to the news agency . Arroyo first took office in 2001 . Since then , she has survived four impeachment attempts and periodic rumors of coup . She won re-election in 2004 , but opposition parties called into question the legitimacy of that race . During the vote count , Arroyo was tape-recorded talking to a senior election official , which opposition leaders charge is evidence she manipulated the outcome . The president has denied any wrongdoing . The first of the impeachment charges were brought against Arroyo in 2005 for vote-tampering . Congress rejected the charges . The opposition then tried to impeach Arroyo in 2006 and 2007 -- and Congress dismissed those attempts as well . Her six-year term ends in 2010 .	Complaint alleged that Arroyo and husband were involved in deal with Chinese firm First of impeachment charges brought against Arroyo in 2005 for vote-tampering Opposition parties called into question legitimacy of Arroyo 's 2004 re-election win
CNN  -- RadarOnline released another audio recording Tuesday of a vicious argument allegedly between actor Mel Gibson and his ex-girlfriend Oksana Grigorieva , in which the man is accused of striking the woman and the couple 's child -- an accusation the man does not deny . The website has been releasing similarly explosive recordings since July 9 . It has not disclosed how it obtained the audio . The recordings are taken from a phone call and capture an obscenity-laced rant by the man as he spews racial and ethnic slurs , sexual insults and death threats . The site claims the male voice is that of the 54-year-old Gibson . CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the recordings . In the recording released Tuesday , the woman tells the man he needs to seek help for his current mental state , referencing an earlier altercation between them while she was holding their child in her arms . "  You 're acting as a crazy man right now and you have been for many , many months , " the woman says . "  And you hit me , and you hit her while she was in my hands ! Mel , you 're losing your mind . You need medication . " The man responds with a slew of obscenities , and ends the rant by saying , "  I want my child , and no one will believe you . " Grigorieva , 40 , has acknowledged that the female voice on the recordings is hers and that the other voice is Gibson 's . CNN 's efforts to obtain comment from Gibson have been unsuccessful . The couple have been locked in a custody dispute over their 8-month-old daughter . The Malibu Hills Police Department opened an investigation earlier this month into an alleged domestic violence dispute between Gibson and Grigorieva . Grigorieva filed a restraining order against Gibson alleging that he struck her in the face , according to her spokesman , Stephen Jaffe . The recordings "  will be part of the investigation , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said last week . It is not known how RadarOnline obtained the recordings . Jaffe has said that the site did not receive them from Grigorieva . Gibson came under fire in 2006 when he admitted to making anti-Semitic remarks during a drunken driving arrest . He issued an apology at the time , and appealed to the Jewish community to help him recover from his alcohol addiction .	The recording allegedly captures an argument between the actor and his ex-girlfriend "  No one will believe you , " the man says after being accused of striking his child Police are investigating domestic violence allegations against Gibson Gibson has not commented on the recordings
Wired  -- The timeline for autonomous cars hitting the road en masse keeps getting closer . GM 's Cadillac division expects to produce partially autonomous cars at a large scale by 2015 , and the automaker also predicts it will have fully autonomous cars available by the end of the decade . Audi and BMW have also shown self-driving car concepts , with the former working with Stanford to pilot a modified TT up Pikes Peak . Meanwhile , Google is ripping along at its own rapid pace with a fleet of fully autonomous Toyota Prius hybrids that have logged over 300,000 miles . And the company has pushed through legislation that legalizes self-driving cars in Nevada . California is close behind , and Google has also been busy lobbying joyriding lawmakers in Washington , D.C. . But while we know that robo-cars are coming , the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers  IEEE  recently released predictions that autonomous cars will account for up to 75 percent of vehicles on the road by the year 2040 . The organization went even further , forecasting how infrastructure , society and attitudes could change when self-driving cars become the norm around the middle of the century . IEEE envisions an absence of traffic signs and lights since highly evolved , self-driving cars wo n't need them , and it believes that full deployment could even eliminate the need for driver 's licenses . Google gets license to operate driverless cars in Nevada While this all sounds sci-fi , we 're already starting to see separate threads of this autonomous-car future being weaved in current real-world tests . It 's been assumed that the largest hurdle for autonomous cars is building the infrastructure . Not so , says Dr. Alberto Broggi , IEEE senior member and professor of computer engineering at the University of Parma in Italy . Broggi , the director of a 2010 project that successfully piloted two driverless cars on an 8,000-mile road trip from Parma to Shanghai , points out that two current types of self-driving cars will need less infrastructure , not more . "  The Google cars are based on very precise maps and they have sensing primarily based on a LIDAR technology , " he told Wired . "  The cars that we tested on the route from Parma to Shanghai had no maps , and had sensing primarily based on cameras . In both cases , the cars have no help from the infrastructure . " When reached for comment , a Google spokesman declined to make a statement on this story and IEEE 's predictions on autonomous cars . But Broggi also delineates between what he sees as different levels of self-driving technology as the features mature , and adds that infrastructure in the form of centralized communication once large numbers of autonomous cars are on the road will be crucial -- and have the greatest impact . This could lead to traffic lights , speed limits and even driver licensing disappearing . "  Autonomous cars alone will bring limited benefits , " he says . "  They would be able to locate obstacles , avoid them and follow the road . But efficient autonomous operations would also require that vehicles coordinate with each other . " A nascent form of vehicle-to-vehicle communication  V2V  is currently being tested in a NHTSA field trial in Ann Arbor , allowing cars to share situational data to avoid crashing into each other . Meanwhile , Volvo is testing the concept of using "  road trains " in Europe to allow for more efficient driving . "  A train of vehicles moving very close to each other would reach a higher throughput -- the number of cars per road unit -- and have lower fuel consumption due to aerodynamic drift , " says Broggi . Vehicle-to-infrastructure  V2I  communication would also allow vehicles to share their position , destination and intended route with a central station , Broggi continues , that could coordinate and dispatch information about traffic and route vehicles accordingly . "  Suppose all cars are connected and a central station knows precisely their position and destination , " Broggi says . "  The central station can send speed adjustment commands to the vehicles that enter an intersection in such a way that they do not collide and they occupy the intersection area one at a time , optimizing their movements . In this case , traffic lights will not be required since coordination is reached at a higher level . " We 're already seeing a basic form of this in testing going on in Europe that combines V2V and V2I communication , collectively known as V2X . IEEE also foresees autonomous vehicles accelerating car sharing and helping make it more widespread , especially for people within a wider range of ages and physical abilities . And driverless cars may even eliminate the need for driver 's licenses . "  People do not need a license to sit on a train or a bus , " said Azim Eskandarian , director of the IEEE 's Center for Intelligent Systems Research , in a statement . "  In a full-autonomy case in which no driver intervention will be allowed , the car will be operating . So there will not be any special requirements for drivers or occupants to use the vehicle as a form of transportation . " IEEE also predicts that the biggest barrier to pervasive adoption of driverless cars may have nothing to do with technology , but will be general public acceptance . While the average driver may grasp the basic benefits of autonomous cars -- increased fuel efficiency and safety , along with a reduction in traffic -- it may not be enough to get them to let go of the steering wheel . Jeffrey Miller , IEEE member and associate professor of computer systems engineering at the University of Alaska-Anchorage , believes that baby steps in the form of driver assist systems may help . "  As more vehicular controls begin being automated , such as parallel parking and automatic braking , people will become more accepting of autonomous technologies , " Miller told Wired . "  So by 2040 , driverless vehicles will be widely accepted and possibly be the dominant vehicles on the road . " Overheard on CNN.com : Autonomous cars reduce ` crashes ' ? Press any key to continue Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	IEEE : 75 % of cars will be autonomous by 2040 The engineering group says traffic lights will go away Driver 's licenses may also become relics of the past Professor : ` By 2040 , driverless vehicles will be widely accepted '
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama marked the one-year anniversary of his controversial economic stimulus plan Wednesday , declaring the $ 862 billion package an unequivocal success that has created or saved millions of jobs . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and members of Obama 's cabinet also fanned out across the country in a slew of separate events designed to amplify the president 's claims . Republican opponents belittled the president 's assertion , and characterized the plan as a massive waste-filled Washington special-interest giveaway that expanded the deficit while failing to slow rising unemployment . The radically different claims reflected the high political stakes tied to the public perception of what many observers consider the signature legislative achievement of Obama 's first year in office . "  We have rescued this economy from the worst of this crisis , " Obama said at the White House . "  We acted because failure to do so would have led to catastrophe . We acted because we had a larger responsibility than simply winning the next election . We had a responsibility to do what was right . " The measure "  was never intended to save every job , " he said . "  Businesses are the true engine of growth -LSB- and -RSB- always will be . But during a recession ... what government can do is provide a temporary boost . " The program , he said , has "  run cleanly , smoothly and transparently . " Vice President Joe Biden , the administration 's point man on implementation of the plan , argued that "  without any question " the package is working and "  laying the foundation " for long-term economic growth . "  We know times are -LSB- still -RSB- tough for too many people , " he said . But there is "  no reason we 're not going to come out of this -LSB- downturn -RSB- stronger than when we went into it . " The bulk of the money initially allocated for the plan has not actually been spent yet . Through the end of January , roughly $ 334 billion in spending has been approved , of which $ 179 billion has actually left federal coffers . Another $ 119 billion has gone to tax cuts . The federal government now expects to distribute $ 32 billion in stimulus funds per month , up from an average $ 27 billion a month over the past year , according to Biden . Now that the economy is no longer in free fall , the mix of spending will change , senior administration officials said . Until this point , the bulk of the spending has been on tax relief and direct aid , such as unemployment benefits . To date , only $ 31 billion has been spent on projects such as infrastructure , high-speed rail , broadband and health technology . But in the second phase of the act , the amount of money going to these initiatives will more than double to $ 7 billion a month as work on them ramps up . The administration views this spending as setting the stage for a lasting expansion . "  Many projects are just now getting under way , and will be creating jobs throughout 2010 and beyond , " Biden said earlier this week . "  Work on many Recovery Act projects will accelerate in the spring and summer months as weather conditions permit work on roads , bridges , water projects , and Superfund site cleanups . " In depth : The stimulus project Payments to states and individuals will fall to $ 11 billion per month , from $ 14 billion . Much of this spending -- such as Medicaid funding and additional unemployment benefits -- was meant to stabilize the economy during the recession . The administration will reach its goal to disburse 70 percent of the Recovery Act funds , or $ 551 billion , by September 30 , senior administration officials said . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office recently hiked the cost estimate of the stimulus plan to $ 862 billion , though the administration still uses the original $ 787 billion figure . Republicans have torn into what they argue is the stimulus ' failure . The Republican National Committee released a video Wednesday claiming that "  the American people are tired of politicians who do n't admit when their policies do n't work . The president and the Democrat Party can either admit their policies failed and change course now or continue their binge spending agenda and face certain defeat at the polls in November . " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said earlier in the week that taxpayers "  are n't getting their money 's worth from the trillion-dollar ` stimulus ' and struggling families and small businesses are rightly asking , ` Where are the jobs ? ' " House GOP Whip Rep. Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said states have lost a total of 2.9 million jobs between the bill 's enactment last February through December , though the administration projected stimulus would save or create 3.5 million positions . Obama teased congressional Republicans on Wednesday for slamming the plan "  even as many of them show up for ribbon-cutting ceremonies for projects in their districts " funded by the act . In the final quarter of last year , the Recovery Act directly funded nearly 600,000 jobs , according to the Web site Recovery.gov . The figure is based on about 160,000 reports from state , local and corporate recipients who have spent $ 57.9 billion in stimulus money . It does not tally jobs created indirectly through companies buying supplies for stimulus projects , people spending their tax cuts , increased unemployment benefits and the like . In total , the economic stimulus program has boosted employment by 1.5 million to 2 million jobs , the president 's chief economic adviser said in mid-January . That figure is derived from a mathematical formula based on how much money has flowed out the federal door . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll conducted last month found a majority of respondents -- 56 percent -- opposed the stimulus plan . Forty-two percent supported it . Fifty-eight percent , however , believed the stimulus had stabilized or improved the economy , while 41 percent said it either had no effect or had made the economy worse . The poll of 1,021 adults was conducted by telephone from January 8-10 , and had a sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN 's Tami Luhby and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Obama says stimulus plan rescued economy from "  worst of this crisis " Program , one year old , has run "  smoothly , cleanly , transparently " , Obama says Republicans charge the program expanded deficit without creating jobs Stimulus laid foundation for long-term growth , VP Joe Biden says
CNN  C-SPAN 's live telecast of the White House Correspondents ' Association dinner on Saturday night , hosted by Cecily Strong of "  Saturday Night Live , " was not Strong 's finest hour , though the entire affair seemed like five of C-SPAN 's longest hours . Even so , there were some genuinely funny moments , although the ratio was low , and you had to be patient to get to them . But when you step back and look at the event as a whole , and appreciate what 's really happening -- in terms of press freedoms and even a U.S. president willing and able to poke fun at himself as well as others -- it 's hard not to think of this particular Beltway-meets-showbiz event as a wonderfully American exercise in tolerance and good humor . That being said , it 's a very tough room -- and not just because the Washington Hilton ballroom is so cavernous . More than 2,000 credentialed White House journalists and their mostly celebrity guests convened for the occasion . And convened , and convened , and convened , as time dragged on and dinner was served late . President Barack Obama , as Strong 's warm-up act , did n't hit the podium until 10:20 p.m.  Strong got her turn at 10:45 . Obama , as in past years , came out strong -- a tough act to follow for any comedian . He had strong comedy lines and delivered them with timing that many stand-up comics would envy . Noting his lame-duck status , Obama said his advisers asked him if he had a bucket list . "  I have something that rhymes with bucket list , " he claimed to have replied . Obama , noting the night 's guest speaker , said , "  On ` Saturday Night Live , ' Cecily impersonates CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin . " Then , after a brief but well-timed pause , he added , "  Which is surprising , because usually , the only people impersonating journalists on CNN are journalists on CNN . " Obama was nailing his own punch lines frequently , and perfectly . Then , to up the ante on his time at the podium , he welcomed his "  anger translator " -- a recurring character played by Keegan-Michael Key on Comedy Central 's "  Key & Peele . " It was a clever surprise , and the crowd reacted with surprising enthusiasm  I would n't have presumed most of them knew of Key 's character or his series  , though Key 's jokes lost something in the translation , and did n't pack the punch of Obama 's . But the bit ended with a great twist : Obama himself getting so worked up about a snowball being carried into Congress to denounce global warming that the President 's "  anger translator " had to calm Obama down instead . And then came Cecily Strong , with a sly opening line referring not only to her appearance as one of the few female guest speakers at the correspondents ' dinner , but to the upcoming 2016 presidential election . "  Feels right , " she said , "  to have a woman following President Obama . " From there , the crowd seemed as tough as advertised , with "  oohs " often as loud as laughter , as Strong went from one target to another . She even got "  oohs " when her targets were outside the room , as when she said , noting how Obama has aged visibly in office , "  Your hair is so white now , it can talk back to the police . " But the seemingly tepid response to Strong 's routine may have been partly due to the late hour . She came on after not only the dinner service and Obama , but after scholarship awards , correspondent awards and tributes and other bits of official business . And her routine was n't over until 11:08 p.m. -- making it a longer TV show than even the Emmys . Before the main event finally began , C-SPAN filled the time scanning the room with its cameras , but providing only ambient sound with very few identifying voice-overs or prerecorded features . Once in a while , you could see someone recognizable in the large , oddly eclectic crowd : Tea Leoni , Ivanka Trump , Larry Wilmore , Jane Pauley . For the most part , though , it was like playing a frustratingly difficult Beltway game of spot-the-face-in-the-crowd -- a sort of "  Who 's Waldo ? " And after a few hours watching a gaggle of people chat and eat , all I wanted to do was go home . And I was already home . But I stayed tuned , just so I could watch , and grade , the results . Final tally : Obama gets an A - , Keegan-Michael Key a C , Cecily Strong a B - , and the entire telecast and event an A + for democracy -- but a D as television .	David Bianculli : Correspondents ' dinner , and Cecily Strong as host , were mostly weak , but Obama had some funny zingers He says "  anger translator " bit was funny , but crowd was tough on Strong as event went on and on
Tegucigalpa , Honduras  CNN  -- U.S. Vice President Joe Biden vowed Tuesday to help Honduras and other Central American nations defeat drug traffickers and fight corruption . But at a meeting with Central American presidents in Honduras , Biden stopped short of supporting a proposal that has gained growing attention in the region in recent weeks : drug legalization . Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina said last month that he supported measures to decriminalize drug production , trafficking and consumption . On Tuesday , Central American leaders announced plans to debate the idea at a meeting later this month . Biden "  said that he was in favor of an open and genuine debate about the decriminalization of drugs as long as the procedures and possible results are analyzed , " according to a Honduran government statement distributed to reporters after Tuesday 's meeting . "  Resources can not be wasted if they are not going to achieve concrete results , " the statement said , quoting Biden . "  Resources must be focused on integrated , conclusive strategies and programs . " After meeting with Mexican President Felipe Calderon on Monday , Biden said there was no chance the Obama administration would change its policy opposing drug legalization , according to Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . "  In every country that has experimented with the legalization or decriminalization of drug consumption , the part of the population that consumes illegal substances grows , " he said , according to Notimex . In an interview with CNN en EspaÃ ± ol last month , Perez Molina defended his position . "  What I 've done is put the topic back on the table . I think it is important for us to have other alternatives and to talk about decriminalization . ... We need to talk about decriminalization of the production , the transportation and , of course , consumption , " he said . On Tuesday night , Honduran President Porfirio Lobo said Central American leaders meeting in Tegucigalpa "  listened with attention and interest to the proposal of the president of Guatemala about the search for alternative mechanisms for the fight against drug trafficking " and would debate the issue at a meeting in Guatemala on March 24 . Honduras is a key drug trafficking corridor and has the world 's highest murder rate , with 82.1 murders per 100,000 inhabitants in 2010 , according to the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime . Lobo and other Central American leaders have repeatedly argued that drug use in the United States fuels escalating violence throughout the region . On Tuesday , Biden told reporters the United States "  shared responsibility " but also noted that Central American countries must work to stop drug production . He pledged that the United States would provide economic assistance and training to Honduran law enforcement and judicial officials . "  One of the areas in which we will hopefully be of help is in vetting the police , the prosecutors and the judges , " Biden said . "  My experience has been : The people of the country have to be able to have confidence in the integrity of each of those institutions , if progress is going to be made . " Journalist Elvin Sandoval and CNN 's Patricia Janiot contributed to this report .	NEW : Central American leaders will debate drug legalization on March 24 Joe Biden says he supports debate over drug legalization , but U.S. wo n't change stance The vice president says the U.S. shares responsibility for security problems in the region Guatemala 's president has said he supports decriminalization measures
Washington  CNN  -- More than half the public says Obamacare has helped either their families or others across the country , although less than one in five Americans say they have personally benefited from the health care law , according to a new national poll . A CNN/ORC International survey also indicates that a majority of Americans oppose the Affordable Care Act , but some of that opposition is from people who do n't think the law goes far enough . The poll , conducted this past weekend , was released on Wednesday , one day after a federal appeals court upheld Obamacare tax subsidies . That ruling came just a couple of hours after a separate appeals court struck down such subsidies for the millions of Americans enrolled in the federal government 's HealthCare.gov exchange . According to the poll , only 18 % of the public say they or their families are better off now that the major provisions of the health care law have been implemented . Another 35 % report that , while their lives have not improved , the Affordable Care Act has benefited other people in the United States . Add those two numbers together and that means 53 % say that Obamacare has helped either their families or others across the country . Forty-four percent tell us that the health care law has not helped anyone in the country . According to the poll , 40 % of Americans say they support the health care law , basically unchanged from March but up from 35 % in December , which was a record low in CNN polling . Fifty-nine percent of those questioned say they oppose the measure , down five points from December . "  Not all of the opposition to the health care law comes from the right , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Thirty-eight percent say they oppose the law because it 's too liberal , but 17 % say they oppose it because it 's not liberal enough . That means more than half the public either favors Obamacare , or opposes it because it does n't go far enough . " As expected , the poll indicates a continued wide partisan divide between Democrats and Republicans over the law and whether it 's working . Political battle over Obamacare The measure was passed into law in 2010 , when the Democrats controlled both houses of Congress . The law , considered President Barack Obama 's signature domestic achievement , was a major issue in 2010 and 2012 , and is again in 2014 , as many Republicans continue to call for Obamacare to be repealed and replaced . While the Obamacare website suffered a disastrous rollout last autumn , things have improved . Major flaws with HealthCare.gov were addressed and major gains in enrollment were made . But Republicans continue to keep their midterm campaign focus on the health care law . Earlier this month House Speaker John Boehner made Obamacare the focus of his lawsuit against the President . The GOP obsession with the health care law may be smart politics : Midterm electorates are smaller than those of presidential elections , and the contests are often all about getting out base voters -- and the GOP base continues to hate Obamacare . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International from July 18-20 , with 1,012 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points . CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Poll : More than half of public says Obamacare has helped their families or others New survey says majority of Americans still oppose Affordable Care Act Obamacare will be focus of GOP in midterm elections this year
Past , present and future came together on a thunderstorm-filled Sunday , as President Barack Obama received an honorary doctorate and gave the commencement speech at historically black , all-male Morehouse College , where the Rev. Martin Luther King and many other prominent African-Americans spent their formative years . After opening with several one-liners , and more smiles than we 've seen from him in the damage-control-filled recent weeks , Obama delivered a serious message to the class of 2013 . During a speech rife with both personal and historical references , the president invoked a past full of challenges , often resulting from racism , but noted that African-Americans need to break free from that past to succeed in a globally competitive economy . "  I understand that there 's a common fraternity creed here at Morehouse : ` Excuses are tools of the incompetent , used to build bridges to nowhere and monuments of nothingness , ' " Obama said . "  We 've got no time for excuses -- not because the bitter legacies of slavery and segregation have vanished entirely ; they have not . Not because racism and discrimination no longer exist ; we know those are still out there . It 's just that in today 's hyperconnected , hypercompetitive world , with millions of young people from China and India and Brazil -- many of whom started with a whole lot less than all of you did -- all of them entering the global workforce alongside you , nobody is going to give you anything that you have not earned , " he said . Opinion : What Obama must say to African-American grads "  Nobody cares how tough your upbringing was . Nobody cares if you suffered some discrimination . And moreover , you have to remember that whatever you 've gone through , it pales in comparison to the hardships previous generations endured -- and they overcame them . And if they overcame them , you can overcome them , too , " he said . Morehouse valedictorian Betsegaw Tadele praised Obama for setting a strong example . "  There is no impossible . There is no unbelievable . There is no unachievable , if you have the audacity to hope , " Tadele said , paraphrasing the name of the president 's 2006 book , "  The Audacity of Hope . " Following Tadele -- whom Obama jokingly called "  a skinny guy with a funny name " -- Obama reflected on how being an African-American has affected his personal journey . "  Whatever success I have achieved , whatever positions of leadership I 've held , have depended less on Ivy League degrees or SAT scores or GPAs , and have instead been due to that sense of connection and empathy , the special obligation I felt , as a black man like you , to help those who need it most ; people who did n't have the opportunities that I had -- because there , but for the grace of God , go I. I might have been in their shoes . I might have been in prison . I might have been unemployed . I might not have been able to support a family . And that motivates me , " the president said . Big-name college commencement speakers of 2013 The president 's repeated mention of connection to the black community comes after blunt criticism from Morehouse alumnus Kevin Johnson , a pastor from Philadelphia , who criticized Obama in an April 14 editorial in the Philadelphia Tribune , calling him "  a president for everyone , except black people . " Johnson gave a baccalaureate sermon on Saturday as part of Morehouse 's graduation weekend . The president 's speech on Sunday was well-received , though the crowd had to brave some thunder and lightning and endure pouring rain . One awkward silence came when Obama slightly deviated from his prepared remarks . He was expected to say , "  Be the best husband to your wife , or boyfriend to your partner . " However , instead , he said "  Be the best husband to your wife , or your boyfriend , or your partner , " eliciting some clearly confused responses from the crowd . Later , he noted that Morehouse men can set examples for other groups that have been subjected to discrimination : Hispanics , gays and lesbians , Muslims , and women . "  It is not just the African-American community that needs you . The country needs you . The world needs you . As Morehouse men , many of you know what it 's like to be an outsider ; know what it 's like to be marginalized ; know what it 's like to feel the sting of discrimination . And that 's an experience that a lot of Americans share , " he said . Obama said his job , as president , is to advocate for policies that generate more opportunity for everyone , and he implored the Morehouse grads -- and all Americans -- to "  advocate for an America where everyone has a fair shot in life . " "  There are some things , as black men , we can only do for ourselves . There are some things , as Morehouse men , that you are obliged to do for those still left behind . As graduates -- as Morehouse men -- you now wield something even more powerful than the diploma you are about to collect . And that 's the power of your example , " he said . Students scarred by war earn college degrees Obama finished his speech with another message not just to the newly minted Morehouse grads , but to all Americans -- a message based on Martin Luther King 's refusal to be afraid . "  That 's what being an American is all about . Success may not come quickly or easily . But if you strive to do what 's right ; if you work harder and dream bigger ; if you set an example in your own lives and do your part to help meet the challenges of our times , then I am confident that , together , we will continue the never-ending task of perfecting our union , " he said . And despite lots of big-picture talk about success and giving back , Obama made it clear that without appropriate focus on those closest to you , big-picture accomplishments mean little . "  Everything else is unfulfilled if we fail at family -- if we fail at that responsibility . I know that when I am on my deathbed someday , I will not be thinking about any particular legislation I passed . I will not be thinking about a policy I promoted . I will not be thinking about the speech I gave . I will not be speaking about the Nobel Prize I received . I will be thinking about that walk I took with my daughters . I 'll be thinking about a lazy afternoon with my wife . I 'll be thinking about sitting around the dinner table , and seeing them happy and healthy and knowing they were loved . And I 'll be thinking about whether I did right by all of them . "	President Obama gives the commencement speech at historically black college The president says African-Americans have "  no time for excuses " if they want success An alum who has criticized Obama for doing too little for blacks spoke Saturday Thunderstorms marred Sunday ceremony
CNN  -- The midterm elections are around the corner . The big question will obviously be what happens to control of the House and Senate . But control of Congress is only one part of the equation . There are a series of issues that will shape the individual races that will tell us a lot about which way American politics is heading . Can mainstream Republicans take the party back ? There are a number of House and Senate primaries where Republicans , organized through business-backed organizations , are trying to seize back control of their party . Former Ohio Rep. Steven LaTourette and the Main Street Partnership , a group with strong backing from the corporate world , are trying to counteract the power of the tea party , which they believe is damaging the standing of the GOP . "  We want our party back , " LaTourette explained to the The New York Times . In the 2nd District of Idaho , Rep. Mike Simpson is facing a strong challenge in the May primaries from Bryan Smith , a tea party Republican who has received support from the Club for Growth . Smith is challenging the eight-term incumbent by depicting him as an embodiment of Washington Republicans who refuse to stand firm for real budget cuts , a legislator who agreed to reopen the federal government even without what conservatives would consider a good budget deal . The Main Street Partnership has been fighting back . The most visible battle between a mainstream Republican and tea party Republican is taking place in Kentucky , where Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is facing a challenge from Matt Bevin in the primary . In Texas , the controversial right-wing Rep. Steve Stockman is running against Sen. John Cornyn . Can Democrats take advantage of Republican problems ? Despite the fallout from the rollout of the Affordable Care Act , Democrats are hoping that they can take advantage of the turmoil facing the Republicans over the recent year , as the party 's approval ratings have plummeted in light of the budget battles and the public 's unhappiness with the party 's growing extremism . There are certain must-wins for Democrats if they are to show that they are capable of taking advantage of this moment . In Florida 's 13th District , Alex Sink , a well-known and well-respected Democrat , is attempting to win the seat of long-term Republican veteran Bill Young , who recently died , leaving open this highly competitive district . If Democrats ca n't win this special election on March 11 , it will signal trouble . Democrats will also be looking for a win in Florida 's 2nd District , where Gwen Graham is trying to defeat Rep. Steve Southerland in a test of whether the South has really softened as conservative territory . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has been pouring resources into the district to paint Southerland as a poster child for the House GOP . "  Congressman Southerland 's reckless plan to repeal the entire Affordable Care Act would mean 614,200 consumers in Florida would be left without health insurance rebates , " said one party spokesperson . What effect will the politics of immigration have ? After the 2012 election , many experts predicted that the immigrant vote would continue to flow toward the Democrats while Republicans will pay the electoral price for their obstruction . Now we 'll find out if that 's correct . In Colorado 's 6th District , Republican Mike Coffman , a former opponent of immigration reform who changed his tune after redistricting brought an infusion of Latinos into his constituency , is struggling to hold on to his seat . Democrats are hoping that the sizable Hispanic population in suburban Denver will demonstrate their opposition to what the House Republicans have been doing by blocking legislation that would offer a path to citizenship . Which is the more politically potent issue -- opposing Obamacare or supporting the minimum wage ? Both parties are putting forth national issues for candidates to run with in their districts and states . Democrats are honing in on the issue of economic inequality , stressing their campaign to raise the minimum wage from $ 7.25 to over $ 10 by 2015 . For Democrats , the risk is alienating Democrats from centrist constituencies who believe this will damage the economy . But they hope that the strong support in polls for the minimum wage boosts their candidates . Rep. Steve Israel , chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , predicts that there are at least 12 seats where labor-based campaigns to raise the minimum wage will help Democrats . "  The refusal to increase the minimum wage is just one of the ways House Republicans have inflicted harm on the economy and hurt people 's pocketbooks , " Israel said . For Republicans , the risk is they will be perceived as a party that is stuck in the mud , at a time that millions of Americans are starting to finally see benefits from the ACA rather than simply see the program as something abstract that threatens their families . In Arkansas , Republicans are counting on Sen. Mark Pryor 's support for the Affordable Care Act as a useful target for Rep. Tom Cotton to unseat this incumbent . Republicans will do the same in Louisiana , where Sen. Mary Landrieu has a record of statements in support of the health care program . How much money should we spend on elections -- and where should it come from ? This is the question now asked of every congressional and presidential election , but it is one we need to continue asking . On both sides -- the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , Freedom Works , Club for Growth , and America Rising on the right and American Bridge and Priorities USA on the left -- independent organizations are ready to roll in an unprecedented effort . With each election we have been seeing the cost of campaigning rise and the need for candidates to court donors as more and more urgent . The Kentucky Senate race will probably be the most expensive ever . All of this fuels the power of private money in our political system , undermining trust in government and supporting gridlock . When the results become clear in November , we will know a lot more about the general tenor of the American electorate . Politicians in both parties will have a better read of the kind of electorate they will be facing as they move into the 2016 presidential election . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	As 2014 elections loom , there are questions beyond which party controls Congress Julian Zelizer asks whether mainstream GOP can overcome tea party direction He says which argument is stronger : against Obamacare , or for minimum wage hike ? Zelizer : What impact will the politics of immigration reform have on the result ?
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Jim DeMint , who announced on Thursday that he is leaving the Senate next month , will be joined by 35 other members of Congress who are retiring after the end of the 112th Congress . Here 's a look , by the numbers at what the members will get and what they will leave behind as they leave the Hill : 36 : Members of Congress who are retiring after the 2011-12 session ends . 25 : House members who are retiring . 11 : Senators who are retiring . 20 : Democrats who are retiring . 15 : Republicans who are retiring . 1 : Independent who is retiring . 5 : Number of terms held by retiring Sen. Jeff Bingaman , D-New Mexico , the most of any retiring senator . 18 : Number of terms held each by retiring Reps. Norm Dicks , D-Washington , and Dale Kildee , D-Michigan , the most of any retiring representative . 495 : Retired members of Congress who were receiving pensions as of October 2011 . 5 : Lowest number of years of federal service in which an active or former congressman is eligible for an annual pension at age 62 . 80 : Percent of a congressman 's final active salary that may be used as the maximum starting amount of his or her retiring annuity . 18Â 1/2 : Years Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , the longest-serving Republican woman in the Senate , will have been in office at the time of her retirement . 1.1 % : Amount of projected pay adjustment for 2013 that retiring congressmen are going to miss out on . $ 27 : Price  in February  of a shampoo , haircut and blow-dry at the Senate Hair Care Services salon , which has been open since 1859 . $ 150,000 : Amount for which retiring Rep. Dennis Kucinich sued the House cafeteria after biting down on an olive pit in his sandwich , requiring extensive dental work . The suit was settled in January 2011 . 8 : Number of terms Kucinich served in Congress before he announced his retirement in May . At least 13 : Write-in votes for Hank the Cat , a politically minded Virginia feline who and came in third in the Senate race behind former Gov. Tim Kaine , a Democrat , and former Sen. George Allen , a Republican . He meowed his retirement via his Facebook page on November 15 . Who will replace DeMint ?	36 : Members of Congress retiring after the 112th Congress 20 and 14 : House Democrats and Republicans retiring , respectively $ 150,000 : Amount for which retiring Rep. Dennis Kucinich sued House cafeteria after mishap 5 : Lowest number of years of service after which a lawmaker is eligible for an annual pension
Washington  CNN  -- After three weeks on the ground , Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner soon will return to the skies -- but only so engineers can test the plane 's troubled electrical and battery systems , the Federal Aviation Administration said Thursday . The FAA approved test flights for the Boeing planes with strict conditions to assure safety : Only essential personnel will be on board , crews must continuously monitor the plane for battery-related problems and tests will be conducted over unpopulated areas . "  These flights will be an important part of our efforts to ensure the safety of passengers and return these aircraft to service , " the agency said . Boeing spokesman Marc Birtel said in a statement that the company is "  confident " the tests could be conducted safely , and said one Boeing aircraft has been designated for the test . Flights are planned in the U.S. Northwest . Although there are only 50 Dreamliners in service worldwide , the stakes are high for the world 's largest aircraft manufacturer . Following a difficult development , Boeing has several hundred 787s on order at roughly $ 200 million apiece . The Dreamliner is the first commercial aircraft to have extensive use of novel lithium-ion batteries , which can hold more electrical power in a smaller , lighter space . Dreamliner battery type requires safeguards , safety advocate says The FAA announcement comes on the same day the National Transportation Safety Board told reporters it had identified the exact battery cell that first short-circuited on a plane in Boston in early January , but still had not determined the root cause of the electrical short . It listed among the possibilities a manufacturing flaw , a design defect or problems with external systems that charge and discharge the battery . The safety board also said it is placing under the microscope Boeing 's testing program , which led to the certification of the lithium-ion batteries for the plane . Those tests apparently led the airplane builder to greatly underestimate the chances of battery failure , the safety board said . Boeing had estimated a "  smoke " event would occur "  less than once in 10 million flight hours " with the batteries , Deborah Hersman , the safety board 's chairman , said . But two batteries failed after fewer than 100,000 hours of actual flight , one leading to a fire aboard the 787 on the ground in Boston . Further , Boeing 's indications that heat damage in one battery cell would not harm adjacent cells proved false , Hersman said . "  The assumptions used to certify the battery must be reconsidered , " Hersman said . Hersman 's statements cast doubt on the safety of the battery technology and the FAA 's certification process for approving technology . It also appeared to dispel any hopes for a quick resolution to the problem , which has led to the grounding of the Dreamliner fleet globally since Jan. 16 . The safety board plans to release an interim report of its findings within 30 days . Japan 's ANA replaced faulty batteries on Dreamliner last year The FAA -- the ultimate arbiter of when the plane can resume flying -- has declined to predict when the 787 will return to commercial service . Speaking about the January 7 fire in Boston , Hersman said the plane 's flight data recorder showed the battery underwent an unexplained drop in voltage from 32 volts to 28 immediately before the incident , as the plane was being serviced on the tarmac . The voltage drop was consistent with the charge of a single cell on the eight-cell battery , she said . Hersman said investigators believe the problem originated in cell six , which shows multiple signs of a short circuit -- an unintended path of electricity . The short circuit resulted in a thermal runaway -- a chemical chain reaction -- in cell six , which spread to adjacent cells . "  Charred battery components indicated that the temperature inside the battery case exceeded 500 degrees , " Hersman said . But investigators still do n't know what caused cell six to short-circuit in the first place . They have ruled out two possibilities -- mechanical "  impact " damage , like that caused by being dropped , or short-circuiting outside the battery . But several other possibilities are being explored , including contamination or defect during manufacturing , flaws in the design or construction of the battery , and problems with battery charging . That final possibility -- battery charging -- leaves open the possibility that the problem could reside outside the battery itself . When the FAA approved the use of the lithium-ion batteries on the Dreamliner , it imposed nine "  special conditions " that were designed to prevent or mitigate problems . In a joint statement on Thursday , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood and FAA Administrator Michael Huerta reiterated that they are determined to fix the problem . "  Based on what information our experts find , the FAA will take any action necessary to further ensure safety . We must finish this work before reaching conclusions about what changes or improvements the FAA should make going forward , " the statement read . "  The FAA is focused on the review and activities to understand the root cause . Once the review is complete , the FAA will make any analysis and conclusions public . " Boeing said it has hundreds of experts focused on solving the battery situation . "  We are working this issue tirelessly in cooperation with our customers and the appropriate regulatory and investigative authorities . " What 's wrong with the Dreamliner ? CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	FAA authorizes Dreamliner test flights as part of effort to address electrical problem Boeing "  confident " flight tests can be performed safely Safety board investigators intensify scrutiny of tests that led to battery approval Dreamliners grounded in January ; plane is big bet for world 's largest plane manufacturer
The Pentagon tried to clarify remarks made by Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , when he told a Senate committtee on Wednesday that the U.S. military is seeking "  permission " from a foreign organization to intervene in Syria . "  He was re-emphasizing the need for an international mandate . We are not ceding U.S. decision-making authority to some foreign body , " a defense official told CNN . In testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee , Panetta had an exchange with Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , who said Congress was circumvented when Obama decided to join the NATO coalition in Libya . Sessions said , "  We spend our time worrying about the U.N. , the Arab League , NATO and too little time , in my opinion , worrying about the elected representatives of the United States . As you go forward , will you consult with the United States Congress ? " Panetta replied , "  You know , our goal would be to seek international permission . And we would come to the Congress and inform you and determine how best to approach this , whether or not we would want to get permission from the Congress . " Latching onto the words "  permission " and "  inform , " Sessions ripped into Panetta : "  Well I 'm troubled by that . I think it does weaken the ability of the United States to lead . I do think ultimately you need the legal authority from the United States of America , not from any other extra-territorial group that might assemble . " But even when Sessions gave Panetta a chance to clarify , Panetta continued to say the U.S. would seek "  permission " so that there was a legal basis to act . "  I 'm really baffled by the idea that somehow an international assembly provides a legal basis for the United States military to be deployed in combat , " Sessions said . "  I do n't believe it 's close to being correct . They provide no legal authority . The only legal authority that 's required to deploy the United States military is of the Congress and the president and the law and the Constitution . " After the exchange , committee chairman Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , tried to help Panetta clarify further . "  I do n't think the word permission is appropriate even in that context . By the way , I think what -- you really corrected it when you said a legal basis in international law would help you achieve an international coalition , " Levin said . "  That 's correct , " Panetta responded . After the hearing , Sen. Sessions told Security Clearance in an interview that Panetta 's comments were "  very revealing of the mindset " of the administration . Panetta "  seemed so natural in expressing it as if he did n't understand this went against " the fundamentals of our government . While Sessions said he does not think the U.S. should act alone , he said there are indications that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is gaining momentum and "  the window of opportunity could be closed . " "  The delays that are taking place out of a determination to get a major worldwide support , I suppose could be costly , " Sessions said in the interview . The defense official , who did not identify himself because he did not want to speak publicly for the secretary , further explained the rationale for seeking international agreement . "  The legitimacy is greater if there is some form of international mandate . There 's a sense that unilateral U.S. action would be perceived in the wrong way , especially in this part of the world . Does the U.S. want to go it alone in another Arab country ? That figures into the calculus . " The official said a United Nations Security Council resolution , like the one that authorized action in Libya , is n't necessarily the only way to go about this . "  Some kind of mandate from a regional organization could signify this is not just a unilateral effort on our part , " he said . This is important not only to the U.S. , but to other nations in the region that oppose al-Assad 's regime , the source said . The official also emphasized that international agreement is just one of the concerns . The other part of the equation is the Syrian military and dense population centers , which are big factors in any military intervention , said the source . "  The complexity of that can not be overstated . This is a very hard problem set we 're dealing with . "	Panetta had an exchange with Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama Sessions : Congress circumvented when Obama joined NATO coalition in Libya Panetta said , "  You know , our goal would be to seek international permission " Sessions "  baffled by the idea " that international group must approve U.S. combat
CNN  -- In a recent Fortune magazine essay , Warren Buffett -- one of the world 's wealthiest people -- explains why women are key to America 's prosperity . CNN 's Poppy Harlow sat down with the Berkshire Hathaway chairman and CEO to talk about girls education , his sisters , his family and how , as he says , "  If I had been born a female , I would have been very unhappy about the Constitution . " Watch the full interview in Part 1 and 2 of the videos . More : Jennifer Buffett -- Make schools safe for girls everywhere More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Photos : The girls ' stories from "  Girl Rising " How to help	Billionaire Warrent Buffett talks to CNN 's Poppy Harlow about girls education More about CNN 's Girl Rising project
CNN  -- Movie audiences have always known the joys of in-seat snacking , but it took the theaters a while to come around . Owners of nickelodeons and movie palaces refused to sell food until the 1920s , according to "  Shared Pleasures , " a history of movie presentation by Douglas Gomery . Munching on peanuts and popcorn during a show was low-class , they believed , associated with the circus and the burlesque house . The wonderful new art of the cinema needed a refined atmosphere , more like the concert hall than the carnival . Of course , people ate anyway . As each new theater opened , candy stores and street vendors set up shop nearby , selling bags of treats to be smuggled past the ushers . It took the Great Depression to loosen the owners ' scruples . Andrew F. Smith 's book "  Popped Culture " details the way movie theaters got into the popcorn business . Looking for extra revenue streams , the theaters began leasing space to vendors : prime locations right next to the box office , or even "  lobby privileges " for a dollar a day . When they saw the kind of profits the popcorn sellers were turning , they took over the stands themselves . The movies turned popcorn into a snack phenomenon : 5 million pounds were grown in the United States in 1934 , 100 million pounds in 1940 . The owners also realized that setting up candy counters and staffing them with high school students  preferably female and pretty  was an easy way to turn a buck , and all the new brands of packaged candy made their way into theaters . Soft drinks showed up via the Coca-Cola company . After World War II , salesmen traveled the land , setting up soda stands at movie houses throughout the country . With more and more independent theaters opening  A 1948 antitrust ruling forbade Hollywood studios from running their own .  , owners looked to the refreshment stands as a way to cover the cost of renting films . Trying to sell more snacks , they instituted intermissions in the middle of films and commissioned cartoons of singing , dancing treats to push the goods . Art houses , showing foreign films to an urbane crowd , began to pop up in big cities and university towns in the late '40s . As historian Barbara Wilinsky points out in her 2001 study "  Sure Seaters : the Emergence of Art House Cinema , " the new highbrow theaters tried to distinguish themselves from mainstream joints by serving coffee and pastries : more intellectual fare , apparently . The arty Trans-Lux chain even set up faux-Parisian "  street " cafes in some of its branches . In most of the country , though , the drive-in ruled . With more space available , the menu expanded : hot dogs , burgers , even barbecue and fried fish sandwiches were offered to car-bound audiences .  Folks in Texas got pickles , which are still served there today . The late '70s saw the death of the drive-in and the neighborhood theater as more multiplexes opened . On the food front , the bold invention of the era was snack counter nachos . Introduced by Frank Liberto at a Texas Rangers game in 1977 , chips with gooey "  cheese " soon moved from stadium to multiplex lobby . Liberto 's company , Ricos Products , is still the leader in the field , selling orange goo and orange-goo-dispensing equipment to theaters from China to Dubai . Another company , Taste of Nature , founded in 1992 by two business school graduates , also broadened the movie snack menu . They 're the people who brought those bulk bins of yogurt pretzels and gummy candies to lobbies everywhere . Their original goal was to offer healthy alternatives to the usual snack counter candy , but they discovered that people were n't quite ready to give up the junk . Health was on people 's mind in the '90s however : A1994 report by the Center for Science in the Public Interest broke the news that a large movie popcorn had as much saturated fat as six Big Macs . Sales dipped -- just a bit - -- and many snack counters started using slightly more healthy canola oil rather than coconut . The latest trend is theaters offering "  luxury " options : premium screening rooms with cocktails , wine lists and upscale menus . At the Gold Class Cinema in Redmond , Washington , you can get $ 17 crab cakes to nibble while watching the film . Florida 's CinéBistro chain offers Asian mojitos and bottles of Veuve Clicquot  straw not included  . It seems some theater owners are still hoping to create that refined atmosphere they longed for a century ago . Popcorn , though , is not going anywhere .	Movie theater owners originally did n't want to sell food , believing it was low-class After Great Depression , they rented concession stands , eventually running them Premium screening rooms offer cocktails , wine lists , $ 17 crab cakes
CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Tuesday that his country has "  been able to control " the U.S. drone that Iran claims it recently brought down , Venezuelan state TV reported . "  There are people here who have been able to control this spy plane , " Ahmadinejad told VTV . "  Those who have been in control of this spy plane surely will analyze the plane 's system . Furthermore , the systems of Iran are so advanced also , like the system of this plane . " Ahmadinejad did not elaborate or specify what precisely he meant when he referred to people "  who have been able to control " the drone . He spoke in Farsi , which VTV translated into Spanish . The Farsi portion of the interview was not audible . President Barack Obama said Monday that the United States has asked Iran to return the drone aircraft that Iran claims it recently brought down in Iranian territory . "  We 've asked for it back . We 'll see how the Iranians respond , " Obama said . Ahmadinejad 's comments to VTV seemed to suggest that Iran did not plan to return the aircraft . "  The North Americans at best have decided to give us this spy plane , " Ahmadinejad said . "  In the unpiloted planes , we have had many advances , much progress and now we have this spy plane . " Defense Minister Brigadier General Ahmad Vahidi said the drone no longer belongs to Washington . "  The U.S. spy plane is among the assets of the Islamic Republic of Iran , " Vahidi told reporters Tuesday , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . "  Our country will decide what to do with it . " The United States owes Iran an apology and needs to admit its crime , Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said Tuesday , the Iranian Students ' News Agency report . "  The U.S. should know that what it did regarding violation of our air space can put international peace and security in danger , " he said . "  The U.S. should take responsibility for the consequences of the measure . " American officials have not confirmed that the drone shown in a video released last Thursday by Iranian media is a U.S. aircraft . But Pentagon spokesman George Little has said that an American drone is missing and had not been recovered . Two U.S. officials have confirmed to CNN that the missing drone was part of a CIA reconnaissance mission that involved both the intelligence community and military personnel stationed in Afghanistan . Iran 's official Islamic Republic News Agency said the country 's armed forces had downed the drone near Kashmar , some 225 kilometers  140 miles  from the border with Afghanistan on December 4 . The Ahmadinejad interview was aired in Venezuela Monday night . Officials say the fall of this drone is not related to an incident Tuesday in which a U.S. drone crashed upon landing at an airport in Seychelles . For one thing , they seem to be two different kinds of drones -- the one over Iran was apparently a sophisticated stealth-type vehicle while the Seychelles one is of more conventional design .	The spy plane belongs to Iran , defense minister says President Obama has asked Iran to return the drone "  There are people here who have been able to control this spy plane , " the Iranian president tells VTV U.S. officials have said that the missing drone was part of a CIA reconnaissance mission
CNN  -- The body of a man swept away while swimming in a rain-swollen creek in western North Carolina was found Sunday , authorities said . The body of a child who was dragged away by the swift currents was recovered Saturday evening . The drownings happened after 4 inches of rain fell over five hours in North Carolina 's Piedmont region , prompting officials to declare a state of emergency in Catawba County . First responders stayed busy racing to save people stuck in fast-moving waters and closed dozens of roads Saturday because of major flooding . Delilah Lovett , 10 , of Charlotte and Juan Alberdi , 48 , of Huntersville -- members of different families who were visiting the area together -- were both swimming in what is known as the "  bathtub " on Wilson 's Creek in Caldwell County around 6:15 p.m. Saturday , the Caldwell County Sheriff 's Office said . Rain , which had already stopped , raised Wilson Creek 2 feet above normal levels and created "  very swift currents , " according to a statement from the sheriff 's department . Kayakers found Delilah 's body nearly an hour after she disappeared , it said . Search and rescue crews found Alberdi on Sunday , about a quarter mile north of where they were first told he went into the water , according to LouAnne Kincaid , a spokeswoman for Caldwell County . Catawba County officials reported 10 swiftwater rescues for residents needing help getting out of their homes and vehicles Saturday afternoon , said Mark Pettit , an emergency official in the county . Some 52 roads in the inland county had been closed at that point , six of which might not see any traffic for as long as three months , according to Pettit . Lincoln County -- which is just south of Catawba County and about 35 miles northwest of Charlotte -- saw 8 to 10 inches of rain in 12 hours , county emergency management spokesman Dion Burleson said . First responders had done as many as five rescues by late Saturday afternoon , Burleson said , though things appeared to be on the upswing . The spokesman said the water rescue operation had been demobilized because waters were receding .	NEW : Search crews find body of a 48-year-old swimmer from Huntersville Kayakers find girl who drowned in a swollen Catawba County creek First responders conduct swiftwater rescues to help people out of homes , cars
CNN  -- The director of a Somali radio station was shot dead and a colleague seriously injured in the capital , Mogadishu , on Sunday , according to a local journalist and a Somali journalists ' organization . Colleagues carry the body of Somalia 's Shabelle radio network 's director , Mukhtar Mohammad Hirabe , on Sunday . The assassination of Mukhtar Mohammad Hirabe of Shabelle Media follows last week 's abduction of a station director for TV Universal . Hirabe was shot in the head , the journalist said . His colleague Ahmed Omar Tajir was hospitalized . Two men with pistols attacked the two men as they were talking together , said a statement from the National Union of Somali Journalists . Hirabe , 48 , director of Radio Shabelle , was shot in the head five times , and Tajir -- identified in the statement as Ahmed Omar Hashi , 47 , Radio Shabelle 's news editor -- was shot twice in the stomach . Five journalists have been killed in the east African nation this year , including three from Shabelle , the group said . The incidents have left the media community reeling in the east African nation , which has not had an effective government since 1991 . The union 's statement condemned the violence , with its secretary general , Omar Faruk Osman , saying Hirabe 's death was "  premeditated and targeted . ... Colleagues who are committed to do their job in this extreme situation need to be protected . " Another journalist , Nur Muse Hussein , 56 , died last month after being shot in April , the organization said . CNN regularly works with Somali journalists who are employed by Shabelle Media . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Radio station director Mukhtar Mohammad Hirabe was shot five times in the head His radio colleague was shot twice in the stomach as he walked with Hirabe Five journalists have been killed in Somalia in the past year ; three from the station
CNN  -- Taylor Swift may be breaking records in the music industry , but Beyonce is breaking the bank . The superstar singer has for the second year in a row topped Forbes ' list of the top-earning women in music . The artist known as Beyonce Knowles Carter slid into the No. 1 slot last year with $ 53 million in earnings ; she more than doubled that in 2014 by earning $ 115 million . "  Beyonce played 95 shows during our scoring period , bringing in an average $ 2.4 million per city , " Forbes reports . "  She added endorsement deals from the likes of H&M and Pepsi -- plus her self-titled surprise album , which hit iTunes in December 2013 and quickly became one of the year 's top sellers -- to send her income into nine-figure territory . " Swift came in second with $ 64 million in earnings , which she can add to her accomplishment of selling almost 1.3 million records during the first week of the release for her "  1989 " album . Pink ranked No. 3 with $ 52 million , followed by Rihanna with $ 48 million and Katy Perry with $ 40 million . Forbes bases its list on calculating income from record and merchandise sales , touring , endorsements , publishing and other ventures , without deducting for management and/or attorney fees . The earnings were calculated from June 2013 to June 2014 and were based on data from Pollstar , the RIAA and Nielsen SoundScan , as well as interviews with managers , lawyers and executives .	Beyonce tops the list for second year in a row Endorsement deals and a major tour helped Taylor Swift came in second on Forbes ' list
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A former New York City bouncer was sentenced to life without parole Wednesday for the brutal slaying of a graduate student from Boston , the Brooklyn district attorney 's office said . Darryl Littlejohn , 44 , is already serving prison time for the attempted kidnapping of another student in 2005 . Darryl Littlejohn , 44 , was convicted of first-degree murder last month in the 2006 death of Imette St. Guillen , 24 , who had been studying criminology at John Jay College of Criminal Justice . Littlejohn , who is already serving 25 years to life for the October 2005 attempted kidnapping of a 19-year-old Queens college student , will serve out the sentences consecutively , said Sarah McNaughton of the Brooklyn district attorney 's office . During the trial , witnesses said they saw Littlejohn and St. Guillen leaving The Falls bar in lower Manhattan together early February 25 , 2006 . Littlejohn was working as a bouncer at the bar . Hours later , St. Guillen 's nude body was found in an isolated lot in Brooklyn . Her face was covered with strips of packing tape , and a sock was stuffed into her throat . She died of asphyxiation , and investigators determined she had been raped . Littlejohn was charged with murder after investigators linked his DNA to blood found on plastic ties used to bind St. Guillen 's hands behind her back . Littlejohn 's attorney , Joyce David , has filed an appeal on behalf of her client and maintains his innocence . She said that although Littlejohn has a long criminal record , he has no history of violence against women . The horrific incident spread shockwaves through New York City nightlife , which relies heavily on unlicensed bouncers to keep order in the city 's bars and nightclubs . Littlejohn is being held at New York 's Rikers Island maximum security facility . CNN 's Chris Kokenes and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report	Darryl Littlejohn was convicted last month of murdering Imette St. Guillen , 24 Witnesses saw the two leaving Manhattan bar the morning of February 25 , 2006 Investigators linked his DNA to ties used to bind St. Guillen 's hands behind her back Lawyer for the former bouncer says he is innocent
CNN  -- When iReporter Carlos Ortega evacuated Galveston 's West End last week , there was a road , a row of houses and about 150 feet of sand between his house and the water . Now the surf laps about 30 feet from his door . iReporter Carlos Ortega says there 's "  not an inch that is n't damaged " in his Galveston , Texas , neighborhood . Hurricane Ike devastated the Texas city over the weekend , and Gov. Rick Perry said it could be weeks before residents could return . "  There 's substantial structural damage , obviously ...  no  electrical power , " he said . "  It 's going to be a while . " Ortega , a professor at the University of Houston , and his partner walked about six miles down the beach on Sunday and said there 's "  not an inch that is n't damaged . " iReport.com : See Ortega 's home before and after Ike He said one beachfront house was knocked off its stilts and was lying on the ground like an amusement park funhouse . A dead cow washed in front of another home . "  It was pretty depressing and devastating to see how everything was just torn up , " he said . "  People 's lives and houses were just torn up . " All but two of the houses on the "  front row , " nearest the beach , in their Bermuda Beach subdivision were destroyed , he said . "  You would n't know there was a house there . " "  The house across the street from us is completely gone , and there 's no trace of it , " he said . The first floor of their house is covered with 3 to 4 feet of sand and debris , including huge chunks of asphalt from the road that ran in front of the house . "  We do n't keep anything of value down there , " he said , because people expect to get high water occasionally . There were some windows out on the second level , but they did not have much water damage . Ortega said the storm washed a Jet Ski out of the garage and dumped it about five blocks away . iReport.com : Have you been home after Ike ? Share your story It still worked , Ortega said , but was stuck in the sand . Ortega rode out the storm at his house in Houston , which also suffered some damage . "  The expectation was that it was going to be like three years ago when the last storm  Rita  came through , and it was so much worse , " he said . iReporter Matteu Erchull stayed on Galveston Island during the storm . "  I think everybody downplayed the severity of the storm , including myself , " he said , adding that he did n't regret staying . iReport.com : Ike passes over Galveston iReporter After the storm , he put on his fishing waders and helped rescue some of his neighbors . "  Some people literally hid in their attics . Right after the storm , you go into these areas , and they were just helpless , " the former Eagle Scout said . "  They were just waiting . " Nearly 2,000 people who did not evacuate have been rescued along the southeastern Texas coast , said Steve McCraw , director of the Texas Office of Homeland Security . On Sunday , a Galveston County sheriff 's official said three bodies were pulled from storm wreckage in Port Bolivar , bringing to 10 the number of reported deaths in Texas linked to Ike . Erchull said he got through the storm OK , but most of his stuff was ruined . "  I lost everything . Water rose up to about 10 feet . Got into everything and flooded everything I had , " he said . He said he tried to wash his clothes , but he just could n't get the smell out . "  The smell was just this really musky moldy wet smell , it 's really hard to explain . Imagine leaving your clothes accidentally in the washer for 10 days , it 's just disgusting , " he said . Erchull said there 's no power on the island , and the National Guard was going door-to-door asking people to leave . He went to Dallas , where he was up all night telling his friends what had happened and what to expect when they get back . "  It 's hard to tell people that there 's not much to go back to , " he said .	Galveston residents may not be able to come home for weeks iReporter Carlos Ortega says beachfront houses are gone in his neighborhood iReporter Matteu Erchull rode out storm and lost everything Are you cleaning up after Ike ? Share photos , videos
CNN  Emma Watson is the new Belle of the "  Beast . " The "  Harry Potter " star revealed Monday that she 's been cast as Belle in the live-action version of "  Beauty and the Beast . " Disney confirmed the news . The film will be directed by Bill Condon  "  Gods and Monsters , " the final two "  Twilight " films  . According to the Internet Movie Database , Stephen Chbosky  "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower "  will have a hand in the screenplay . The original "  Beauty and the Beast , " from 1991 , was the first animated feature to be nominated for a best picture Oscar . It featured the voices of Robby Benson as the Beast and Paige O'Hara as Belle , and it included the memorable songs "  Be Our Guest " and "  Something There . " It was turned into a Broadway musical in 1994 , the first of Disney 's animated films to make the jump to Broadway . Naturally , the Internet went completely nuts over the news . Fans will have to wait a while , though . The film is n't even scheduled to go into production until later this year . No release date has been announced .	Emma Watson will play Belle in a live-action "  Beauty and the Beast " The new film is based on the 1991 Disney classic
