CNN  Well , there 's one thing we can be sure of when the Oscar nominations are announced Thursday morning : Adam Sandler 's "  Blended " wo n't get any love . Other than that , the battle for nominations is pretty wide open .  Yes , even "  Transformers 4 : Let 's Destroy the Earth Again Really Loudly " will probably pick up a nod in a technical category . It 's a strange year for the Academy Awards , where the divide between blockbusters and critic-friendly movies continues to grow . Of all the likely major-category nominees , only "  Gone Girl " and "  Into the Woods " were $ 100 million-level box-office hits . The films that have dominated awards season -- "  Boyhood , " "  Birdman , " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " and "  The Theory of Everything " -- have remained unseen by the majority of moviegoers . Still , the Oscars are as much a useful promotional exercise for little-seen films as they are a celebration of the booming blockbuster .  The actual Oscars show is February 22 . With that in mind , here are our thoughts on who will make the final cut in the six major categories . Best picture Locks : "  Boyhood , " a coming-of-age story filmed over 12 years , and "  Birdman , " about a faded movie star mounting a Broadway comeback and shot as if in one long continuous take , have drawn near-universal raves for their audacious filmmaking . "  Selma " infuses a pivotal historical moment with fresh urgency . Count on nods also for two well-made British period dramas , "  The Imitation Game " and "  The Theory of Everything . " Under the Academy 's confusing voting system , there can be between five and 10 best picture nominees , unlike the other categories . Count on nods for eight or nine films . Contenders : The Golden Globes ' love for Wes Anderson 's "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " makes it a likely nominee . David Fincher 's "  Gone Girl " has been a critical and commercial smash . "  Foxcatcher , " based on a tragic true story , is respected but may be too downbeat for Academy voters . That leaves an opening for "  Whiplash , " the riveting indie drama about a music student falling under the spell of an abusive mentor . Wild cards : Clint Eastwood 's topical "  American Sniper , " just hitting theaters this week , is gaining momentum . Few people have seen J.C. Chandor 's crime drama "  A Most Violent Year , " but it 's getting strong reviews . Then again , the Academy may want to lighten things up by honoring the star-studded Sondheim musical "  Into the Woods . " Best actor Locks : Michael Keaton , in a career-defining role , will earn his first-ever nomination for "  Birdman . " He 'll be joined by three actors who brilliantly channeled real-life historical figures : Eddie Redmayne as disabled physicist Stephen Hawking in "  The Theory of Everything , " David Oyelowo as a flesh-and-blood Martin Luther King Jr. in "  Selma " and Benedict Cumberbatch as Alan Turing , the closeted World War II codebreaker in "  The Imitation Game . " Contenders : In the creepy-role acting sweepstakes , Jake Gyllenhaal 's bloodthirsty TV cameraman from "  Nightcrawler " may have the edge over Steve Carell 's homicidal millionaire in "  Foxcatcher . " But voters may prefer the surprisingly nimble comic skills of Ralph Fiennes , whose resourceful concierge held "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " together . Wild cards : Bradley Cooper bulked up to play a lethal but conflicted soldier in "  American Sniper . " And do n't forget Timothy Spall , who won best actor at Cannes for his performance as the titular British painter in "  Mr. Turner . " Best actress Locks : "  Still Alice " has barely opened , and reviews have been mixed , but Julianne Moore , who plays a woman with early-onset Alzheimer 's , has been leading handicappers ' surveys since it screened at the Toronto film festival . Reese Witherspoon , who holds "  Wild " together , is also a sure bet . Contenders : Despite what Maggie Gyllenhaal said at the Golden Globes , rich leading roles for women are hard to come by in movies , which makes this category harder to fill than best actor . Relative newcomer Rosamund Pike will probably get in for playing the shifty wife in "  Gone Girl . " Amy Adams got a boost from her Golden Globe for "  Big Eyes . " Felicity Jones seems to be on everybody 's shortlist for "  The Theory of Everything . " And Emily Blunt is earning good reviews for "  Into the Woods . " Wild cards : Previous Oscar winner Marion Cotillard was brilliant in two movies : "  The Immigrant " and "  Two Days , One Night . " She may pick up a nomination for the latter . "  The Homesman " earned respectful reviews , and two-time Oscar winner Hilary Swank was singled out in many of them . Jennifer Aniston has been playing the publicity game -- and earning raves -- for "  Cake . " And what about Gugu Mbatha-Raw ? The British actress was great in "  Belle " and "  Beyond the Lights . " Best supporting actor Locks : We can start with J.K. Simmons , who was given a terrific part as a brutal music instructor in "  Whiplash " and played it to the hilt . We can also probably end with him , since he 's the odds-on favorite to win . Contenders : But the category has to be filled out with five nominees , so for starters , look for Edward Norton as a pompous actor who goes head to head with Michael Keaton in "  Birdman " and Ethan Hawke as the good-hearted but sometimes absent father in "  Boyhood . " Other possibilities are Mark Ruffalo , one of the wrestling brothers in "  Foxcatcher , " and Robert Duvall , who 's been the only actor noticed in "  The Judge . " Wild cards : "  Inherent Vice " received mixed reviews , but Josh Brolin 's ramrod-straight cop got plenty of praise . Albert Brooks continues his good work as a character actor in "  A Most Violent Year . " And for a real left-field pick , how about Tyler Perry as a slick lawyer in "  Gone Girl " ? Sure , he may not have known who David Fincher was , but he did a splendid job under Fincher 's direction . Maybe he even picked up a few directing tips . Best supporting actress Locks : Patricia Arquette has earned much praise , and a Golden Globe , for her struggling but empathetic mom in "  Boyhood . " Emma Stone made a strong impression as Keaton 's bitter daughter in "  Birdman . " Meryl Streep will probably earn her annual nomination  her 19th !  for a showy role as "  Into the Woods ' " singing witch . Contenders : Keira Knightley ably crashed the all-male codebreakers ' club in "  The Imitation Game , " while Laura Dern was deeply affecting as Reese Witherspoon 's dying mom in "  Wild . " Wild cards : Voters may want to reward Jessica Chastain for her ruthless wife in "  A Most Violent Year "  and , indirectly , for "  Interstellar "  . Rene Russo was superb as a desperate TV news producer in "  Nightcrawler . " And the always-memorable Tilda Swinton has support for her fascist-on-a-train role in the overlooked "  Snowpiercer . " Best director Locks : Richard Linklater pioneered a new method of feature filmmaking with "  Boyhood , " and the gamble paid off . Alejandro Gonzalez-Inarritu brought a bravura style to "  Birdman . " Contenders : This may finally be the year that quirky formalist Anderson  "  The Grand Budapest Hotel "  gets in . The film won the Golden Globe for comedy/musical , and he picked up a Directors Guild nomination -- a key indicator , given that Oscar nominations are voted on by peers . Ava DuVernay has been the driving force behind "  Selma " and would be the first African-American woman in this category . And Morten Tyldum directed "  The Imitation Game , " the kind of upright , British-flavored movie the Academy loves ... even though Tyldum is Norwegian . Wild cards : Eastwood earned a DGA nod for "  American Sniper , " and he 's beloved by peers . Two youngsters , J.C. Chandor  "  A Most Violent Year "  and newcomer Damian Chazelle  "  Whiplash "  , could find support . And then there 's 84-year-old Jean-Luc Godard , the ornery French New Wave pioneer who 's never received a competitive Oscar nomination  he did get an honorary Oscar in 2011  . His film "  Goodbye to Language " was hailed at Cannes , although Godard , being Godard , might just set his Oscar nomination certificate aflame .	The Oscar nominations will be announced about 8:30 a.m. Thursday "  Boyhood , " "  Birdman " and "  Selma " are the frontrunners Here are our predictions for who will be nominated in the major categories
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Broadening the number of health care professionals who can administer vaccine , New York Gov. David Paterson issued a sweeping executive order Thursday officially declaring a state of emergency due to the increase in H1N1 cases , including 75 H1N1-related deaths in New York state . The announcement , which comes on the heels of President Obama 's declaration of H1N1 flu as a national emergency , expands the categories of health care professionals who can give the vaccine to include dentists , pharmacists , podiatrists , midwives and emergency medical technicians , the executive order said . At a news conference Thursday afternoon , Paterson stressed that his order is not intended to incite panic but rather allocates the necessary resources to effectively combat H1N1 flu , also known as swine flu . "  If an enormous number of flu vaccines came into the state because of an epidemic and an emergency and we need to administer them as widely as possible , we have expanded the health care personnel who would be deemed to have the authority to administer the flu vaccine , " Paterson told reporters . Under current state law , some health care professionals are prohibited from delivering the vaccine because of limits on their professional duties . The governor 's order waives any law that would prevent these people from giving vaccinations , according to Claire Pospisil from the New York state department of health . "  It 's called an emergency declaration , but what it does is that it provides New York the capability that once vaccine supplies become more available , it allows  health departments  to quickly vaccinate as many people as possible , " Pospisil said . Dr. Mark Feldman , a retired dentist who serves as executive director of the New York State Dental Association , which represents 75 percent of the dentists in the state , said he would be more than willing to help administer the vaccine . "  If there is a shortage and they need more hands , I can do my part , " Feldman said . Health care professionals named in the executive order may not administer the vaccine at their individual practices . Rather , they must do so at a New York state health department distribution center . Feldman thinks it would be wiser to allow these health care professionals to distribute the vaccine at their private practices . "  If there is a severe outbreak , to go to a mass distribution center , you risk being exposed , " Feldman said . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg issued a statement Thursday supporting Paterson 's order . It will "  let a larger number of health care workers administer vaccines , and strengthen our health department 's ability to track the use of vaccine supplies , " the statement read . About 800,000 people in New York City became infected with the disease during the first wave of the virus last spring , according to the New York City Department of Health The New York health department will provide training for administering the vaccinations , though the exact amount of training required is yet to be determined , according to Tom Dunn of the New York state education department , which issues vaccine licenses .	Gov. David Paterson declared a state of emergency because of increase in H1N1 cases Order allows dentists , pharmacists , podiatrists , midwives to give vaccines Paterson said increasing those who can give vaccine would help state in emergency Retired dentist : "  If there is a shortage and they need more hands , I can do my part "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Singer Chris Brown publicly apologized for assaulting his pop star girlfriend , Rihanna , in a video statement posted on his personal Web site Monday . Chris Brown , shown here at his June 22 court appearance , has publicly apologized in a video posted Monday . "  I have told Rihanna countless times , and I 'm telling you today , that I 'm truly , truly sorry in that I was n't able to handle the situation both differently and better , " Brown said . "  What I did was unacceptable , 100 percent . I can only ask and pray that you forgive me . Please . " Brown , 20 , was arrested after an early morning argument inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street in February . He admitted guilt to a felony assault charge in June in a plea deal under which he will serve five years of probation and do about 1,400 hours of "  labor-oriented service . " Sentencing is set for August 5 . A publicist for Rihanna , whose real name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty , has not responded to CNN requests for comment on the apology . Watch Brown ask for forgiveness " Brown , in the two-minute video , said he had wanted to "  publicly express my deepest regret and accept full responsibility " since February , but he remained silent on the advice of his defense lawyer . "  Although I will do some interviews and answer some questions in the future , I felt it was time you heard directly from me that I am sorry , " he said . "  I have tried to live my life in a way which can make those around me proud of me , and until recently , I think I was doing a pretty good job , " Brown said . "  I wish I had the chance to relive those few moments again , but unfortunately I ca n't . I can not go into what happened , and most importantly , I 'm not going to sit here and make any excuses . " The incident began when Rihanna , who was riding in the sports car driven by Brown , found a text message on his cell phone from "  a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with , " according to a sworn statement by Los Angeles Police Detective DeShon Andrews . "  A verbal argument ensued , " followed by the physical attack , the statement said . It went on to describe the assault in great detail , saying Brown punched Rihanna numerous times and put her in a headlock , restricting her breathing and causing her to start to lose consciousness . He threatened to beat her and kill her , according to the statement , and he bit her ear and her fingers . Eventually , "  Robyn F. began screaming for help and Brown exited the vehicle and walked away , " the statement said . "  A resident in the neighborhood heard Robyn F. 's plea for help and called 911 , causing a police response . An investigation was conducted and Robyn F. was issued a Domestic Violence Emergency Protective Order . " At the end of his statement , the detective said Brown sent a text message nine days later , apologizing . "  I take great pride in me being able to exercise self-control , and what I did was inexcusable , " Brown said in his video apology . "  I am very sad and very ashamed of what I 've done . My mother and my spiritual teachers have taught me way better than that . " Brown , who lost several product endorsements after his arrest , said he realizes he has "  truly been blessed " and he intends "  to live my life so that I am truly worthy of the term ` role model . ' " "  As many of you know , I grew up in a home where there was domestic violence , and I saw firsthand what uncontrolled rage can do , " he said . "  I have sought and I am continuing to seek help to ensure that what occurred in February can never happen again . And as I sit here today , I can tell you that I will do everything in my power to make sure that it never happens again . And I promise that . " His probation requires that Brown complete domestic violence counseling . The judge said he can not have contact with Rihanna again until that is completed .	Chris Brown posts an apology on his Web site Brown struck a plea deal last month for incident involving girlfriend Rihanna Brown : "  I 'm not going to sit here and make any excuses "
CINCINNATI , Ohio  CNN  -- "  Would you rather just sit there and cower underneath a desk when someone executes you or would you rather have a chance to defend your life ? That 's what it really boils down to . " Michael Flitcraft says students should be allowed to protect themselves from potential killers . Michael Flitcraft , a 23-year-old sophomore at the University of Cincinnati , has become a leading advocate for college students to carry weapons on campus . He 's an organizer for Students for Concealed Carry on Campus , a grass-roots organization that was formed after last year 's Virginia Tech massacre that left 32 college students and professors dead . The group boasts more than 25,000 members . Standing on the Cincinnati campus , Flitcraft calmly explained he is licensed to carry a weapon in Ohio . He wants to carry his gun on campus to defend himself from potential killers , but by law he ca n't . "  To me it makes no sense that I can defend myself legally over there , " he said , pointing to the city streets . "  But I am a felon if I step on the grass over here . " Watch a growing movement for guns on campus " The issue of guns on campuses has intensified over the last year in the wake of the Virginia Tech shootings and picked up again after the more recent killings at Northern Illinois University . Lawmakers in at least nine states are considering legislation to allow guns on campus . Other states have struck down legislation . Utah is the only state to allow weapons at all public universities . Colorado allows students at universities to carry weapons , except the main university campus in Boulder . In Virginia , Blue Ridge Community College allows students with a proper concealed-weapons permit to be armed . See the status of guns on campus " For many , allowing college students to carry a gun is a tricky and complex issue . "  I do n't think the answer to bullets flying is to send more bullets flying , " said Gene Ferrara , the police chief at the University of Cincinnati . "  My belief is we ought to be focusing on what we do to prevent the shooting from starting . " Ferrara was a Cincinnati cop for more than a dozen years before he became chief of police at the university . He also said that there are practical concerns from a law enforcement perspective : If you 're responding to the scene of a shooting , how do you sort out who is the bad guy and who is the heroic student with a permit ? "  The other side of that , I shoot everybody with a gun who does n't have a uniform on and I then I end up shooting somebody who was a citizen with a carry permit , " Ferrara said . He says education and outreach are key and that providing students with safe and anonymous ways to report suspicious behavior can go a long way in preventing violence . "  All of the research shows someone knew before the shooting started that the shooting was going to happen . " At the University of Cincinnati , most of the students who spoke to CNN said the idea of guns on campus scares them . "  I think that it is completely absurd , " said senior Jacob Metz . Freshman Lauren Reams added , "  It shocks me . " Security officials insist that young adults are safer on campus than just about anywhere else . Since the so-called Texas Tower shootings at the University of Texas in 1966 when 17 people were killed , there have been about a dozen shootings at colleges or universities . At Weber State University in Utah where students can carry concealed weapons , professor Ron Holt said a weapon provides added protection from potential gunmen . "  I see carrying a concealed firearm as a kind of life insurance policy ; 99.99 times you will never need it , " he said . Flitcraft and other students across the nation who support gun rights say they wo n't give up . Students for Concealed Carry on Campus has established a page on the social network site Facebook . They do n't want all students to be armed ; what they 're pushing for is for students 21 and older who are licensed gun owners to have the right to carry guns on campus . The group is busy planning a protest for later this month in which students who support guns on campus will come to school wearing empty holsters . "  What is a better situation : Someone coming in and shooting in a classroom -LSB- or -RSB- someone in that classroom having a chance to defend their life and take out that threat ? " Flitcraft said . E-mail to a friend	Cincinnati student is leading advocate for college kids to be armed At least nine states are considering legislation to allow students to carry weapons Police chief : "  I do n't think the answer to bullets flying is to send more bullets flying " "  I see carrying a concealed firearm as a kind of life insurance policy , " professor says
CNN  -- An Army social worker who was preparing to deploy to Afghanistan in 2009 told a military court Monday that she thought the shooting at Fort Hood was a training exercise . She comforted a soldier who later died , she said . Capt. Dorothy Ellen Carskadon was in the Soldier Readiness Processing Center for a final checkup on November 5 that year when admitted gunman Maj. Nidal Hasan began shooting . She dropped to the ground , she said at Hasan 's court-martial . Hasan is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32 others in the shooting rampage at the Army post near Killeen , Texas . Carskadon said she heard Pvt. Francheska Velez screaming "  my baby , my baby " as she cradled her stomach . She crawled to Velez and tried to comfort her , telling the private that it would be OK and that the training exercise would end soon . Velez died in the attack . Carskadon noticed blood dripping from her own head and tried to stand , but her leg went numb . As she fell , she was shot in the stomach . She collapsed and thought to herself , "  I 'm through with this field exercise and I chose not to move anymore . " She awoke in a hospital intensive care unit with four gunshot wounds : one that grazed her head ; another through her right hip ; a third lodged in her right leg ; and a fourth in the abdomen . Also Monday , a nurse relived the chaos as she hid from Hasan and called 911 . Shanika Hairston choked back tears as prosecutors introduced the 911 call she made as gunshots rang out while she administered immunizations to soldiers who were about to be deployed . The 911 operator was periodically drowned out by gunfire and screams . After the recording finished , Hairston described seeing a man shot to death in front of her . "  Solider behind me stood up , his eyes got real wide , and then he fell , " she said . Hairston maintained her composure throughout her testimony and was excused by the court . As she exited the courtroom , loud sobs could be heard through the heavy wooden doors . At the beginning of the day , Hasan excused a member of his defense team from the proceedings , saying that Lt. Col. Christopher Martin needed to do an unspecified task on his behalf .	An Army social worker , shot 4 times , thought the Fort Hood shooting was an exercise She comforted a soldier who later died , she said at Maj. Nidal Hasan 's court-martial A nurse said she saw a man shot to death in front of her as she hid from the gunman
CNN  The faded downtown of a small town in Georgia , made famous by an appearance on "  The Walking Dead , " can now be yours for the right price . Nine buildings in downtown Grantville are for sale on eBay , and the seller says it 's a bargain . Jim Sells , Grantville 's former mayor , bought the buildings in a foreclosure deal about four years ago during the recession . Sells and another investor are now putting them on the market for the starting bid of $ 680,000 . The town was the setting for "  Clear , " an episode in season 3 of the hit AMC television show , in which protagonist Rick Grimes returns to his abandoned hometown to look for weapons . A Facebook page offers walking tours of the town 's filming locations . But soon that wo n't be Grantville 's only claim to fame , Sells says . The former mayor says four movies are slated to be shot in Grantville in upcoming months . ` Walking Dead ' tourism comes to life in Georgia Since the sale was announced , Sells says , thousands of people have checked out the listing . He says potential buyers are asking "  lots of serious questions about revenues and property taxes . " Sells says Grantville has plenty of potential but has been overlooked by developers . "  It 's a great picturesque little town , " he said . "  This is a bargain price . " The eBay sale will end March 26 . No returns or exchanges , the listing says .	A Georgia town featured on the hit AMC show is for sale on eBay The starting price for nine downtown Grantville buildings : $ 680,000
CNN  -- Somalia 's president on Wednesday declared three days of national mourning for the victims of a suicide truck bomb that killed more than 70 people in Mogadishu , the nation 's capital . According to the Health Ministry , 72 were killed Tuesday and 103 remained injured , 38 of those in serious condition . A majority of the victims were students and their parents who were registering for an education program at a government complex . Al-Shabaab , an Islamist movement that has links to al Qaeda , claimed responsibility . President Sharif Ahmed visited the scene and some of the hospitals where the victims were , the government said in a statement . Some of the injured who can not be treated in Somalia will be flown to other countries . "  At this time , when the country is in the midst of a worsening humanitarian crisis , the terrorists could not have attacked the Somali people at a worse time , " said Abdulkadir Hussein Mohamed , the country 's minister of information . According to the government , Tuesday 's bombing was the second Al-Shabaab attack in two years that specifically targeted students . In December 2009 , a suicide bomber attacked a university graduation ceremony in Mogadishu , killing more than 20 people . Al-Shabaab is a group in Somalia that was designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the United States government in March 2008 . It is waging a war against Somalia 's government to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia . Federal and African Union forces in the impoverished and chaotic nation have battled the group for years . Many analysts believe that Al-Shabaab has been severely weakened by the African Union Mission in Somalia , targeted strikes against foreign members and the weakening of al Qaeda .	A suicide truck bomb killed more than 70 people Tuesday Somalia 's president visits hospitals and bombing scene , calls for three days of mourning Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the blast
CNN  -- Let me bring you up to date in Kansas City : The home football team pulverized the New England Patriots on national television Monday night , its crowd making so much noise , quarterback Tom Brady of the visitors must have felt his eardrums were about to explode . As for the home baseball team -- uh , well , if you think Kansas City 's football crowd was loud on Monday , you should 've heard the crowd with K.C.-at-the-bat on Tuesday . Here 's what happened , in case you missed it . I fear you MIGHT have missed it , because :  1 .  This was a Kansas City Royals baseball game , which does n't normally attract a whole lot of TV viewers outside our fine states of Missouri and Kansas , and  2 .  The score was 7-3 in favor of the Oakland Athletics in the eighth inning , so perhaps by then you had changed your TV channel to CNN or some other fine network . Anyhow , doom and gloom seemed imminent for the really overdue Royals , who had finally made it to the Major League Baseball playoffs for the first time since way back in 1985 . I felt disappointment and was n't sure why . I have nothing against Oakland , a first-rate baseball team and town that has n't won a World Series since way back in 1989 . I am not anti-A 's . I just felt lousy for those true-blue , Royal-loyal , long-suffering Kansas Citians . Ahh , but then : Lorenzo Cain hit a single to make the score 7-4 . Billy Butler singled to make it 7-5 . Eric Hosmer hustled home on a wild pitch to make it 7-6 . As you might imagine -- like I say , in case you were n't watching -- K.C. 's crowd went as wild as that pitch . In the ninth inning , Nori Aoki of the Royals hit a ball to deep right field . It enabled a bubbly Jarrod Dyson to race excitedly from third base and make the score 7-up . In the 12th inning , after giving up a run and again looking as done as a flame-broiled steak , K.C. cooked up a masterpiece . Salvador Perez , a 24-year-old catcher from Valencia , Venezuela , came up with a walk-off single for an unlikely 9-8 Kansas City victory . It touched off a celebration -- if not in Venezuela -- that definitely had people dancing in the streets from Dodge City to Topeka to Independence to Branson . It was one of those sappy , happy endings that reminded you of how enjoyable baseball can be . Because it 's always so much better when everything 's on the line , when it 's not just a Tuesday night in May or June but a genuine , nerve-racking , no-tomorrow-if-you-lose October game that looks completely lost before being magnificently won . Like a lot of Americans living far , far away from our heroes of the hour , I would n't know Salvador Perez or Nori Aoki or Lorenzo Cain if any of them walked into this room right now to bring me an autographed ball . I now find myself , overnight , appreciative of them , of all those kool K.C. kids , for treating us to this majestic Royal engagement . When they play the Los Angeles Angels next in these American League playoffs , their names will be as familiar in my household as those of Albert Pujols , Mike Trout and Josh Hamilton of the Anaheim gang , each decidedly more famous in Baseball , USA . Thirty years ago  I being a seriously old dude  , I flew to Kansas City for a league championship series . The names of those Royals were not household ones -- Darryl Motley , Steve Balboni , Don Slaught -- but it was a pretty solid ball club . It had above-average pitching and a third baseman , George Brett , in his prime and on his way to the Hall of Fame . Loss , loss , loss : three strikes and the 1984 Royals were out , eliminated by the Detroit Tigers in a best-of-five series in the blink of an eye . But baseball was on the upswing in Kansas City . A year later , hopelessly behind to the Toronto Blue Jays in the ALCS and again to the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series , the relentless Royals became kings of the baseball world . They stayed alive with a thrilling ninth-inning rally for a 2-1 win in Game 6 , then took Game 7 of the 1985 World Series by clobbering the Cards 11-0 . Kansas City partied , baby ! Then never did again . No more championships . No more October playoffs , even . Combine that with no Super Bowls in the 1980s , '90s or 21st century from the Chiefs , no pro hockey or basketball , plus the added rub of watching the fans of that other Missouri baseball team  St. Louis  cheering and high-fiving and watching strutting Clydesdales year after year . Everything was definitely NOT up-to-date in Kansas City , which apparently had gone as far as it could go . Things looked bleak . As dark as when the local team was known as the Kansas City Athletics in the late 1950s and carpetbagger ownership began looking for a way to move it to the West Coast before the Brooklyn Dodgers or New York Giants could beat them to it . As bad as when K.C. kept trading top players like Roger Maris and Clete Boyer to those damn Yankees for practically nothing in return . As maddening as when owner Charlie O. Finley did move the whole shebang to Oakland in 1968 , leaving Kansas City temporarily without a team . Lawmakers led by Sen. Stuart Symington pressured baseball into giving K.C. a replacement team , pronto . Thus were born the Royals , whose first game on April 8 , 1969 , was a victory in 12 innings . Not as awesome a 12-inning victory as Tuesday night 's , but a nice win nonetheless . It was the dawn of a new era of Kansas City ball , one of powder-blue road uniforms instead of garish green-and-gold ones , one of division championships from 1976-78 and a World Series appearance in 1980 . A lot of impressive players came along , Frank White , Willie Wilson , Bud Black , Bret Saberhagen -- the mighty Bo Jackson wore the Royal blue for a while . Everything dried up . Free-spending owners turned into penny-pinchers . Valuable properties like Johnny Damon , Carlos Beltran and Zack Greinke played , but never stayed . Embarrassing records piled up , 64-97 one year , 62-100 another , a gruesome 56-106 season in 2005 . Would the poor Royals never be flush again ? Well , while fans elsewhere were distracted by Derek Jeter 's long goodbye in New York , or by the Baltimore Orioles ' rise , or by the Texas Rangers ' fall , or on the successes of the affluent Los Angeles teams and the comparatively picayune Pittsburgh one , a heartwarming story was developing in the heartland . Kansas City was hanging in there , holding its own against the rich Tigers and Yankees and Red Sox and all those other big-budget operations . Tuesday night 's triumph in the American League playoff opener turned more than a few Americans into brand new Royal backers , you can bet on that . Baseball fans coast-to-coast woke up Wednesday morning buzzing about Kansas City , something that does n't happen very often . "  When 's the next Royals game ? " somebody out there must be asking right about now . Thursday night in Anaheim is the answer , at 9:07 ET , 6:07 PT , and that 'll be 8:07 in Kansas City , for all of you there ready to make some more noise . Note : An earlier version of this article gave an incorrect age for Salvador Perez . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Mike Downey : KC Royals win do-or-die game in first playoff appearance since '85 Victory comes after a pulverizing Monday night football win for Kansas City Chiefs Downey says the free-spending Royals stopped spending during playoff drought After years of embarrassment , Kansas City fans have something to cheer about
Beijing  CNN  -- A rash of violent protests in China continued over the weekend as migrant workers and security forces clashed in a rural city about 60 miles northwest of Hong Kong , local government officials and witnesses said . The protest erupted in Zengcheng over what witnesses described as rough handling of a pregnant street vendor by security guards Friday . Local government officials said the protests involved hundreds , while other unofficial reports estimated tens of thousands of protesters . The demonstrators hurled bottles and bricks at government officials and marched to the local police station , where they damaged several cars , according to the local government officials . Protests continued Saturday and Sunday , according to local officials . The situation in Zengcheng remains tense , according to a businessman who asked to be identified only by his surname , Hu , because he was concerned about reprisals from government officials . Looting and violence is widespread at night , despite the presence of security forces , according to Hu , who said he witnessed nighttime violence before deciding it would be safer to stay inside at night . The Zengcheng riot is the latest disturbance in China , whose government is apparently unnerved by scenes of masses of protesters across the Middle East and North Africa seeking , and in some cases winning , reform from their governments . "  Because of the Arab Spring and economic insecurities people face in China , the government has been cracking down even harder on protests , even if they are of a local nature , " said Patrick Chovanec , a political analyst at Tsinghua University 's School of Economics and Management in Beijing . Last week in Lichuan , protests broke out after the prison death of a local government official who had been charged with bribery . The local government said the death of Ran Jianxin was still under investigation . They said that two local officials had been suspended and were under investigation in his death . Two others involved in the corruption case against Ran were in custody , according to the local government . Residents said they believed Ran was killed for not cooperating with other corrupt officials . A YouTube video showed people gathered in front of government buildings with a banner reading , "  Ran  offended the officials for the benefit of the people , and he was murdered . " Large protests also continued last week in Inner Mongolia , when thousands of ethic Mongolians swarmed security officers after the death of a Mongolian who had been hit by a coal truck driven by an ethnic Han Chinese . In late May , thousands of Mongolian students protested in support of the herder in Xilin Gol . And Chinese authorities arrested dozens of demonstrators in Hohhot last month as protests spread to the provincial capital and other cities in Inner Mongolia despite tightened security and reports of martial law , activists said . On Monday , military veterans openly demonstrated at Beijing 's railroad ministry , claiming they were denied jobs they had been promised . Ministry officials could not be reached for comment Monday . CNN 's Eunice Yoon , Steven Jiang and Helena Hong contributed to this report .	Migrant workers and security forces clash over the weekend in southern China The protest in Zengcheng is the latest in a series of disturbances across China China 's government , fearing Arab Spring-style movements , is cracking down
Tiberias , Israel  CNN  -- Two Americans reunited with their families Tuesday in northern Israel , a day after kidnappers freed them unharmed after three days of captivity in Egypt . "  We put our faith on God , and he do n't let us down , " Michel Louis , one of the Americans , said from the city of Tiberias . Kidnappers in Egypt released Louis , Lisa Alphonse and their tour guide Monday after holding them hostage since Friday . Louis recalled the moment the kidnappers came aboard their tour bus . He offered himself as a hostage when gunmen took Alphonse , he said . Louis is the pastor of a Pentecostal church in Boston and Alphonse is a parishioner at another American church . "  She 's a member of my group . So I said I  ca n't  leave her to go alone , because I do n't know what can happen to her , and I decide to go with her , " he said . Louis , a diabetic , was given pita bread , eggs , tea and water by his kidnappers , he said , and was moved each night to sleep in a different location . Alphonse was the only female in the group . She said she feared for her life , but had faith that God would not let her die . "  Where we were , we did n't know if we  were  coming back , " she said . Kidnappers seized the three Friday in Egypt 's Sinai region after gunmen boarded the bus , which was on its way to Israel , family members said . Michel Louis ' wife was on the bus when the kidnapping occurred . The family was not aware of security concerns in the Sinai region , where Americans had been kidnapped and swiftly released in two incidents since February , said Louis ' son , Jean Louis . "  If we were aware , I would believe we would use correct judgment not to enter that area , " he said . Kidnappings and armed robberies have increased since a popular uprising ousted Egypt 's long-ruling dictator , Hosni Mubarak , last year . In the latest incident , one of the alleged kidnappers , Germy Abu Masouh , is a member of a prominent Bedouin tribe in the Sinai . He had demanded Egyptian police free his uncle imprisoned in Alexandria on drug charges . Authorities did not give in to the kidnappers ' demands , Egyptian officials said . CNN 's Elise Labott , Kareem Khadder and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Michel Louis says he offered himself as a hostage when gunmen took a parishioner NEW : "  We put our faith on God and he do n't let us down , " Louis says Kidnappers seized the hostages Friday , released them three days later The abduction occured in Egypt 's Sinai region
CNN  -- John Memmer said his light bulb moment occurred when he could n't fit on an amusement park ride with his son . The 39-year-old auto insurance underwriter from Bloomington , Illinois , was on a family outing at a theme park in Missouri and his son , Alex , desperately wanted him to share a seat next to him . "  The attendant tried to push and squeeze me into the seat , but to no avail . I was too big to fit , " said Memmer . "  So there I was with hundreds of people staring at me as all of this was going on , and then I heard my son start to cry as I had to climb off the ride , " he said . A stranger in line agreed to sit with his son , but at that moment , Memmer knew it was finally time to lose weight . "  All the shoulda , coulda , wouldas catalyzed into an intense desire to finally do something about it , " he said . Memmer had noticed before the trip to the amusement park that he would get winded walking up the stairs in his home and had trouble keeping up with his kids while they were playing . And this depressed him . But the incident at the theme park was the "  straw that broke the camel 's back . " He started his weight loss program during the summer of 2009 and eventually lost about 115 pounds over the course of a year . His initial weight was 300 pounds . Memmer said he kept his plan simple : eating less and consuming fewer calories . "  While I was losing the weight , hunger was always a factor , " he said . "  So to counter that , I worked in lots of fruits and vegetables , as they provide lots of nutrients and have a lot of fiber and bulk per serving -- it really helped to satisfy me when I was hungry . " Memmer rediscovered his love for soup during his weight loss campaign and has learned his local grocery store stocks a large variety of options to prevent him from getting bored . Although many soups contain a high amount of sodium , Memmer says "  this does not weigh on his mind and a recent check with the doctor showed a clean bill of health . " It took some time to adjust to his new eating habits . Snacking became a rare event because he knew he was eating fewer calories and wanted to make each calorie count . He did n't want to go on a crash diet , so instead he decreased his daily caloric intake so he 'd shed about two pounds a week , which many dietitians consider safe . Memmer changed his mind-set about food , too . "  I realized early on that I would just eat absent-mindedly , and all those calories have to go somewhere , " he said . He now makes a conscious effort to be aware of what he 's consuming and mostly selects nutritious foods to eat . "  I 'm not on quite as strict a regimen as I was when I was losing my weight , but I 've found a nice balance that has allowed me to maintain my current weight level and I do n't feel deprived at all . " The main staples of his diet are vegetables , whole grains and lean meats , but nothing is forbidden . "  I may have a cookie here and there , or even a piece of pie , but I consider it a special treat instead of a daily food item . " Memmer does not think in terms of "  going on a diet " when he eats , either . "  Dieting implies that you 're making a temporary change , and what is essential is making a commitment to a different way of living , " he noted . "  Once you 've made the mental leap over that hurdle , you 've taken the hardest step . " In moments of weakness , Memmer reminds himself to try to stay focused on his goals -- and thinks of his family and how he wants to stay healthy for them . Memmer does not consider himself an athlete and does n't have a regular workout routine . But he has found ways to incorporate activity into his life . He 'll use the stairs at work and parks his car farther away from his office than before his weight drop . Work in his garden keeps him active , too . "  If you want an upper body workout , I highly recommend wrestling with a gas-powered tiller on unbroken ground , " he chuckled . He enjoys taking walks and appreciates the fact he can get around without his knees hurting or back aching , which was n't the case before he shed pounds . Memmer says his weight loss has inspired those around him and sparked a lot of conversation around his workplace . In fact , some of his colleagues have started their own campaigns to lose weight and achieve a healthier lifestyle . "  Sometimes , all it takes is a spark , someone you can point to and say -- if he can do it , so can I , " he said . As for amusement park rides , Memmer has "  upped his game " and recently spent a family vacation at Walt Disney World 's theme parks in Orlando where he was able to comfortably get on any ride he wanted with his children . "  Space Mountain and Tower of Terror were my favorite rides . " Do you have a weight loss story ? Tell us about it at iReport.com .	John Memmer lost about 115 pounds over the course of a year Memmer said he kept his plan simple by eating less and consuming fewer calories His dramatic weight loss has inspired those around him to adopt healthier lifestyles , too
CNN  -- After Venus Williams beat Caroline Wozniacki at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships , it looked as if a first all Williams tennis final in five years was on the cards . But someone forgot to tell Alize Cornet . The Frenchwoman stunned a sluggish Serena Williams in the second semifinal Friday , meaning a Williams versus Williams clash for silverware -- they have n't met in a finale since the year-end championships in 2009 -- will have to wait . It was Serena Williams ' first tournament since a back injury hampered the 17-time grand slam champion at the Australian Open , and she accepted a wildcard from organizers to fend off the boredom from just practicing . Perhaps rust was an issue . Serena Williams likened her play against Cornet in the 64 64 reverse to a ` turtle ' and gave herself the harshest of grades . "  I started out extremely slow , " Williams was quoted as saying by the WTA 's website . "  I have actually been looking at a turtle every day -- it 's a really cute turtle in the hotel . Maybe I was too influenced by it . I need to play better than that if I want to be playing on the professional tour . Maybe I can go to the amateurs . "  I have n't felt good this whole week , to be honest , just from my first match . "  She played really well . I did n't play well . I tried , though . I just kept hitting errors . I do n't think I 've made that many errors in a match in at least three , maybe four years . I think out of a 10 , I was at , like , -283 , so ... wow . " Cornet , France 's No. 1 , had lost all three of her previous encounters against Serena Williams and was 0-17 lifetime against the top four , but she served impeccably against the American . She took advantage of Williams ' normally strong second serve , winning 62 percent of those points , and did her usual scrambling from the baseline . "  It 's my best ever win , but I have n't realized it yet , " Cornet told reporters . "  I played a very good match . I did n't even realize who I was playing and that 's the way I had to be . "  I forgot it was Serena on the other side and just got on with my game . " Venus Williams has been slowed by Sjogren 's Syndrome , injuries and age but the elder Williams continues to flourish in Dubai , winning her last 14 matches . The 33-year-old owned a 4-0 record against former world No. 1 Wozniacki -- without losing a set -- prior to the semifinals and once again the Dane was overpowered , losing this time 63 62 . "  I feel like I 've just gotten so much better since my first round to now , feeling comfortable on the court , feeling comfortable when I 'm behind , feeling comfortable when I 'm in the lead , " Williams was quoted as saying by the WTA 's website . "  It reminds me of when I first came on tour , just having to learn a lot , and I feel like I 'm learning those lessons all over again . "  I had a lot of tough losses , and I realized I had to go through it . Even if I did n't necessarily get the result I wanted , I realized I was getting better . "  For me , and for every player , you just have to keep stepping up to the line and believing in yourself . " If Cornet downs Venus Williams , she would become one of the few players to beat the sisters at the same tournament . Cornet , though , trails Venus Williams 3-0 in their head-to-heads .	Alize Cornet beats world No. 1 Serena Williams in straight sets in Dubai The French No. 1 had lost all three of her previous matches against Williams Williams was playing her first tournament since suffering a back injury Cornet prevents an all Williams final after Venus Williams earlier won her semifinal
CNN  -- The European Union will launch its first naval operation Tuesday , protecting vessels from pirate attacks off the coast of Somalia , EU policy chief Javier Solana announced Monday . A French army helicopter taking off from French frigate Nivose , on patrol in the Gulf of Aden . EU foreign ministers approved the mission during their regular meeting in Brussels on Monday . Solana said the operation is "  very important " because EU vessels will be operating "  in a place in the world that everybody 's looking at because of the new problems related to piracy . " "  It 's very important that we have taken that decision to launch it tomorrow , " he added . The EU naval force will take over the role of escorting United Nations World Food Program vessels carrying food and relief supplies to war-torn Somalia , an EU news release said . Its mandate , which is spelled out in several U.N. Security Council resolutions , also will include "  the protection of vulnerable vessels cruising off the Somali coast , and the deterrence , prevention and repression of acts of piracy and armed robbery off the Somali coast , " the news release stated . The deployment follows a decision by the European Council in September that established a coordination cell that supported surveillance and protection operations by several member states off the Somali coast . Piracy has become increasingly common in that area this year , particularly in the Gulf of Aden . So far , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia 's coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . Those hijacked vessels include an enormous oil tanker , a chemical tanker , and a ship laden with Soviet-era arms , including tanks . The pirates normally hold the ships for ransom . The Somali-based pirates have extended their reach beyond Somalia 's coastline . On Saturday , a Dutch-operated container ship outran pirates off the coast of Tanzania , an IMB official told CNN . A luxury cruise ship carrying more than 1,000 passengers and crew successfully outran pirates off the coast of Yemen last weekend . A multinational fleet -- including vessels from the United States , NATO member states , Russia and India -- has been patrolling the Indian Ocean waters near the Gulf of Aden , which connects the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea . Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year . In a recent interview provided to CNN , a pirate leader claimed attacks on shipping would continue so long as life in Somalia remained desperate . "  The pirates are living between life and death , " said the pirate leader , identified by only one name , Boyah . "  Who can stop them ? Americans and British all put together can not do anything . "	EU force will take over the role of escorting U.N. World Food Program vessels Role includes "  protection of vulnerable vessels cruising off the Somali coast " Pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia 's coast this year Warships from U.S. , India , Russia and Malaysia also patrol region
CNN  -- Liverpool 's Uruguayan striker Luis Suarez has been charged by the English Football Association  FA  with making racist remarks towards a fellow player . Suarez has been accused of aiming racial taunts at Manchester United 's French defender Patrice Evra during a match in the English Premier League last month . He denies the charges and has vowed to clear his name . A statement on the FA 's web site read : "  It is alleged that Suarez used abusive and/or insulting words and/or behavior towards Manchester United 's Patrice Evra contrary to FA rules , " the association said in a statement . Blatter : No on-field racism in football "  It is further alleged that this included a reference to the ethnic origin and/or color and/or race of Patrice Evra . " The FA has taken over a month to charge Suarez and they are also investigating allegations of racism by Chelsea and England captain John Terry towards a fellow player in a separate incident . CNN Blog : How should football tackle racism ? London 's Metropolitan police have also launched a probe after Terry was accused of racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . Terry denies the claims . Liverpool said they had been informed of the charge against Suarez by the FA and planned to review the documentation . "  We will discuss the matter fully with him when he returns from international duty , but he will plead not guilty to the charge and we expect him to request a personal hearing , " the club said in a statement . "  Luis remains determined to clear his name of the allegation made against him by Patrice Evra . " Suarez 's charge comes on the day that FIFA president Sepp Blatter claimed there is not a problem with player-on-player racism within football . Speaking to CNN World Sport , the head of soccer 's world governing body suggested any player who is abused during a game should shake hands with their opponent upon the final whistle and move on . He later moved to clarify his comments , stating he was "  committed to fighting this plague and kicking it out of football . "	English Football Association charges Luis Suarez with making racist remarks Suarez alleged to have aimed racial taunts at Manchester United 's Patrice Evra Liverpool say Suarez will plead not guilty and is determined to clear his name
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel has identified six military personnel who are missing after an Israeli helicopter crashed in Romania Monday during a joint military exercise . According to Israel Defense Forces , the Israelis included : Lt. Col. Avner Goldman , Lt. Col. Daniel Shipenbauer , Maj. Yahel Keshet , Maj. Lior Shai , Lt. Nir Lakrif and Sgt. 1st Class Oren Cohen . IDF said the aircraft was carrying four pilots , two mechanics and a member of the Romanian Air Force . The Israeli CH-53 helicopter went down about 3:20 p.m.  8:20 a.m. ET  Monday , the Romanian Defense ministry said in a statement . Search-and-rescue operations began immediately , using a Romanian medical helicopter and two Israeli helicopters , the statement said . The wreckage was found a few hours later in the Fundata-Zarnesti area , near Brasov in central Romania , the defense ministry said . The crash site was in a remote area at an altitude of more than 2,000 meters  about 6,560 feet  in the mountains , according to the ministry . Fog prevented helicopters from flying to the site Monday night . Defense Minister Gabriel Oprea has ordered a commission to the site to investigate the crash , the ministry said . The exercises , scheduled from July 18 through Thursday , are aimed at training low-altitude aircraft crews in search-and-rescue operations and medical evacuations , according to the statement . A CH-53 helicopter made an emergency landing July 18 after experiencing technical problems , the defense ministry said . The problem was fixed , and it took off and landed safely . Journalist Cosmin Stan contributed to this report .	The crash occurred during a joint exercise , the Romanian Defense ministry says 1 Romanian service member and 6 Israelis were on board The Israeli crew includes four pilots and two mechanics
CNN  -- Some generations get "  American Graffiti " as a monument to their youthful folly : gleaming hotrods , drive-ins and Booker T. & the MGs . Others get "  Saturday Night Fever , " "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High " or "  Dirty Dancing . " But if you were graduating high school around the summer of 1999 , chances are your collective cinematic talisman involves horny Jason Biggs pleasuring himself with an apple pie . "  American Pie " spawned two sequels in rapid succession , taking sex-mad Jim , Oz , Stifler and pals through college and even into matrimony  "  American Wedding "  , but it 's a surprise to reconnect with the old gang nine years later , older , milder , but still hungering for a bigger slice . The reunion is the brainchild of Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg , the writers-turned-directors who made their name on a different but not dissimilar series , "  Harold and Kumar . " The original director , Paul Weitz , has long since graduated to bigger , not necessarily better , things such as "  Little Fockers " and "  Being Flynn . " It 's not a bad idea at that , even if Adam Sandler 's recent "  Grown Ups " covered many of the same bases . Hurwitz and Schlossberg respect the formula : whackily contrived sex gags sugared with sentimentality and a sliver of feminist sanity ; multiple humiliations for the nice but naughty Jim ; worse still for the cocky Stifler ; and embarrassingly crude heart to hearts with Jim 's loveable dad  caterpillar-browed comedian Eugene Levy  . Fans will appreciate the filmmakers ' dedication , and if they 're not particularly adept in the execution , maybe they do n't have to be : nostalgia is the most forgiving mistress . Jim  Jason Biggs  is still married to Michelle  Alyson Hannigan  , but both are mired in parental sexual frustration . Oz  Chris Klein  is now a cable TV celebrity with a model for a girlfriend . Kevin  anyone remember Thomas Ian Nicholas ?  is terminally boring . And Finch  Eddie Kaye Thomas  has been around the world twice and has the scars to prove it . As for perpetual bad boy Stifler  Seann William Scott  , he 's assistant to a bullying business executive , but still a legendary jerk in his own puerile imagination . Some of the girls are back too  Tara Reid , Mena Suvari , even Natasha Lyonne in an afterthought of a cameo  , but predictably , the movie only pays lip service to gender equality . Younger , hotter newcomers Ali Cobrin , Katrina Bowen and Dania Ramirez get more screen time . Where Ramirez picked up her strong Dominican accent is a mystery , but along with John Cho , she 's one of East Great Falls ' few concessions to ethnic diversity . The hard truth is time has not been kind to most of the cast . They were always a funny looking bunch . Many of them were in their mid-20s but able to pass for teenagers back when the first film was shot . Today , they seem pale , pinched or gaunt -- thoroughly ordinary-looking in a way that would normally have casting agents glazing over . Only the effortlessly egregious Seann William Scott still has a viable career in leading roles , and it 's hard to see Stifler as anything more than a step backward for him . Of course , this is the film 's greatest weakness and its secret strength : the unspoken appeal of a reunion is the chance to go back , measure up your peers and perhaps find that they 're not doing any better than you are . It 's certainly the most endearing aspect of a spotty , crude but affectionate sex comedy that 's been thoroughly superseded by the rude sophistication of the Judd Apatow comedies "  American Pie " inspired in the first place .	The film 's greatest weakness and its secret strength is the unspoken appeal of a reunion Jim is still married to Michelle , but both are mired in parental sexual frustration Younger newcomers Ali Cobrin , Katrina Bowen and Dania Ramirez get lots of screen time
CNN  -- Susan Atkins , a terminally ill former Charles Manson follower convicted in the murder of actress Sharon Tate , on Tuesday was denied a compassionate release from prison . Susan Atkins , Califorina 's longest-serving female inmate , is shown in her most recent mug shot . Atkins , 60 , has been diagnosed with brain cancer and has had a leg amputated , her attorney said . In June , she requested the release , available to terminally ill inmates with less than six months to live . The California Board of Parole Hearings ' decision -- posted Tuesday on its Web site -- came after a public hearing on Atkins ' request . It means the request will not be forwarded to the Los Angeles Superior Court that sentenced Atkins . The court would have had the final say on Atkins ' release . Her attorney , Eric P. Lampel , called the parole board 's decision "  unfortunate . " " -LSB- The board -RSB- ignored the vast majority of evidence presented , " Lampel said . "  There was a huge amount of pro-compassionate release testimony from many witnesses . It apparently fell on deaf ears . " Known within the Manson Family as Sadie Mae Glutz , Atkins and four others were convicted in connection with the deaths of five people , including Tate , in August 1969 . According to historical accounts of the murder , Atkins stabbed Tate , who was eight months pregnant , and scrawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home the actress shared with director Roman Polanski . By her own admission , Atkins held Tate down and rejected her pleas for mercy , stabbing the pregnant woman 16 times . Atkins ' request roused long-dormant memories of the two-day killing spree that terrorized Los Angeles and left seven people dead . It polarized those who were involved in the case -- and even those who were n't -- over whether she should die behind bars . Atkins told a 1993 parole board that Tate pleaded for her unborn child 's life as she held her down . "  She asked me to let her baby live , " Atkins said . " ... I told her I did n't have any mercy on her . " Three of Tate 's houseguests were also slain by the killers , as was a teenager visiting the home 's caretaker in his cottage out back . Atkins was also convicted in the earlier murder of music teacher Gary Hinman . One of the first people Atkins confessed to was Virginia Graham , who shared a cell with her before investigators determined the Manson Family was responsible for the murders . Graham said last month she believed Atkins should die in prison . "  She showed that poor woman absolutely no mercy , none , " Graham said . "  So why should anybody show her mercy at this time ? " Sharon Tate 's sister , Debra , has staunchly opposed Atkins ' release . "  She will be set free when judged by God , " Debra Tate has said . "  It 's important that she die in incarceration . " Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley said Monday he was strongly opposed to the release , saying in a letter to the board it would be "  an affront to people of this state , the California criminal justice system and the next of kin of many murder victims . " Cooley noted in his letter that Atkins was initially sentenced to death , like others in the Manson Family , including its leader , Charles Manson . Their sentences were commuted to life in prison in 1972 , when the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the death penalty laws as they were written at the time . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said Tuesday he was also opposed to releasing Atkins . "  I do n't believe in -LSB- compassionate release -RSB- , " the governor told reporters . "  I think that they have to stay in , they have to serve their time . " Even if Atkins is dying , Schwarzenegger said , "  Those kinds of crimes are just so unbelievable that I 'm not for the compassionate release . " Earlier , Suzan Hubbard , director of adult prisons in California , also recommended against granting Atkins ' request . Vincent Bugliosi , who prosecuted Atkins and other members of the Manson Family , said he supported her release , if only to save the state money . Through Monday , the cost for Atkins ' medical care since she was hospitalized March 18 totaled more than $ 1.15 million , and the costs for guarding her hospital room are more than $ 308,000 , said California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation spokeswoman Terry Thornton . Terminally ill inmates rarely are allowed compassionate release , records show . In 2007 , 60 such requests were made to the department , Thornton has said . Ten were approved . Atkins , who has been incarcerated since 1971 , is California 's longest-serving female inmate . According to a Web site maintained by her husband and attorney , James Whitehouse , she is now a born-again Christian . During her incarceration , the site says , Atkins worked to help at-risk youth , violent crime victims and homeless children , among others . The Web site does not mention Atkins ' illness . Lampel said last month Atkins is paralyzed on one side . "  She can talk a little bit , " Lampel said . "  She ca n't sit up in bed without assistance , and obviously she ca n't walk around because she 's an amputee . " Atkins has expressed remorse for her crimes . "  I know the pain I caused Mrs. Tate , " she said at a parole board hearing in 1985 . ln May , authorities dug for buried bodies at the Inyo County , California , ranch where Manson and his followers once lived , after police became aware that testing had indicated human remains might be buried there . Nothing was found , authorities said . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	Manson follower , 60 , terminally ill , expected to die within six months Susan Atkins is bedridden , can barely speak Atkins stabbed pregnant victim Sharon Tate 16 times Atkins , who was convicted of five 1969 murders , has brain cancer
Chinese authorities formally arrested prominent lawyer Pu Zhiqiang on Friday for "  picking quarrels and creating a disturbance . " His other alleged crime was "  illegally obtaining citizens ' personal information , " Beijing police said on their official microblog , adding that the investigation into Pu is still ongoing . Pu , 49 , was detained in early May after attending a low-key seminar in a private home to mark the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre . State-run Global Times newspaper said in an editorial at the time that he had crossed "  a legal red line " by associating himself with a topic still considered taboo in China . Pu took part in the student-led demonstrations in 1989 that ended in a bloody military crackdown on June 4 of that year . He later become one of the best-known lawyers in China for defending human rights in courts as well as in the media . A fierce critic of China 's once ubiquitous forced labor camps , Pu took on several high-profile clients who were victims of the "  re-education through labor " system . His cases gained nationwide attention and support , pressuring the government to re-examine the controversial system and leading to its eventual abolition late last year . Although his work had often put him at odds with the ruling Communist Party , Pu dismissed the risks in an interview with CNN last summer . "  I think I 'm fine , " he said . "  I 'm a moderate , and the government has treated me well . I 'm a veteran lawyer and have n't made mistakes in my career . I 'm not radical , and I do n't threaten the government . " Pu 's arrest comes as the latest development in a new wave of government crackdowns on human rights advocates . Police put nearly 100 people in detention or under house arrest before this year 's Tiananmen anniversary , said Chinese Human Rights Defenders , a Washington-based monitoring group . When President Xi Jinping took office in 2013 , some activists hoped he would preside over a system more tolerant of dissent and discussion . His government , however , is now widely seen as tightening the screws on the work of activists and intellectuals , including the sentencing of Xu Zhiyong , another well-known human rights lawyer , to four years in prison in January after he pushed for financial transparency for senior officials .	The government accuses Pu Zhiqiang of "  picking quarrels and creating a disturbance " He was detained in May after attending a seminar marking Tiananmen Square anniversary Pu took part in demonstrations in 1989 in the square that ended in a bloody military crackdown His work has put him at odds with the ruling Communist Party
CNN  -- As Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's calculated and risky backtracking on the U.S.-Afghan security agreement puts him on a collision course with most Afghans , the United States needs to demonstrate patience , take the Afghan public 's side and be tactful at a sensitive time in a highly volatile part of the world . Observers describe Karzai 's actions as erratic , arrogant or impulsive . Others suggest that he be ignored or bypassed . To some , he seems to be displaying signs of exhaustion and irrationality . These views miscast Karzai 's motives and miss the point of his tactical political maneuvering . He is engaging in canny clan-style brinksmanship . Karzai 's instincts are shaped by his place in history . He is bargaining with the United States over a popular deal to allow up to 15,000 foreign troops to remain in Afghanistan after the formal end of combat operations in 2014 . What lies at the heart of his aggressive posturing is the future of his family 's political and financial interests after his second term ends in 2014 . That strategy has also been markedly shaped by 12 long and strenuous years of Machiavellian exploits , insecurity and frustration with his Western backers . But , Afghans , wary of Karzai 's strategy and mindful of their destiny after 2014 , are not in a mood to tolerate such antics so late in the game . As international forces start ending their decade-long combat mission , foreign aid is shrinking considerably and Afghan security forces are tested by a nagging proxy war with the Taliban . Most Afghans are not only concerned about the future , but also about preserving the gains of the past 12 years in education , health , gender rights , media , entrepreneurship and even political freedoms . For its part , Washington needs to be mindful of the stakes and not fall into Karzai 's trap . Arm-twisting is neither advised nor helpful at this stage as Afghans exert increasing pressure at home to make the President think twice about his responsibilities and priorities . Anxieties are running high about Karzai 's last-minute wheeling-and-dealing and domestic and regional spoilers are sharpening their knives , hoping to see the back of the Americans and NATO departing South Central Asia for good next year if the agreement is not signed . If it 's not signed and foreign troops must withdraw completely , the situation is ripe for terrorist outfits to create and fill a security vacuum . It will be hard for needy Afghan forces to defend against these groups without strong logistical and financial backing . Training , advising and assisting the Afghan military and police forces over the next decade are essential elements for assuring long-term stability in the country and in fending off extremism and terrorism . Failure to sign the bilateral security agreement will diminish international commitments , lower business confidence and exacerbate an already significant economic crunch in Afghanistan . This does not mean that the Afghans , including Karzai , should blindly agree to Western terms . Karzai 's frustration to a large part stems from the inability -- perhaps unwillingness -- of Western forces to confront terrorists and extremists who are based in cross-border sanctuaries , with the exception of al Qaeda and , lately , outfits like the notorious Haqqani network . The duality apparent in Islamabad between "  good " and "  bad " Taliban -- those who are protected as strategic proxies and those they fight -- has increased mistrust between Afghanistan and Pakistan , despite Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's recent day-long visit to Kabul . Karzai is traveling to Iran and India in the next few days to have a heart-to-heart with regional heavyweights , some of whom -- like Iran - are not too keen on seeing a continued American presence in the region . Regional politics aside , the root cause of Karzai 's apparent insecurity lies in Afghan domestic politics . He wants to be kingmaker in next April 's presidential ballot , but also master of the larger endgame that might involve certain Taliban elements who , in his mind , would agree to a political deal . The Taliban are also cashing in on Karzai 's gamble . In an unprecedented move , they issued a statement Monday praising his stance on the security agreement and refrained from calling him an "  American puppet " for the first time . Some have suggested the unlikely but not impossible scenario that Karzai may exploit the uncertainty to either delay elections or call for a state of emergency and take the country down an unsteady path . But Karzai has indicated that he would not interfere in the electoral process , knowing that would shatter his legacy , leave him stranded and cornered by all sides , with the exception of the armed militants . Instead , it is more likely that Karzai 's latest risky gambit is more about style than substance ; the subtle touch has never been his strong suit . Whether these last resort overtures will open any doors to a just and peaceful settlement or help his side with the upcoming elections has yet to be determined , but at least he will be able to make a case that he did not toe the U.S. line . It is a major gamble that could backfire if U.S. patience runs out or if other regional players increase their pressure through their proxies to put him off guard or disrupt elections . Complications could also arise if he is courted too warmly by the anti-security agreement circles inside and outside Afghanistan , at the detriment of the majority pro-agreement population . The United States should spell out its own red lines but be flexible with demands that are not deal-breakers . Afghans have given Hamid Karzai the benefit of doubt for many years , but their leader 's overall record has been patchy at best . People are openly advocating reform and are concerned about the rise of entrenched cliques backed by the President that appear intent on holding the country hostage and manipulating the elections in their favor . The donor community needs to reassure the Afghan people in the face of these fears and extend the hand of friendship that has generated Afghan support for a continued international presence in the country . This can be best achieved by continuing to promote democratic governance , assist in the buildup of the Afghan national forces to help fight terrorism , protect women 's advances and invest in the young and entrepreneurial . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Omar Samad .	Omar Samad : Most Afghans upset at Karzai 's balking at deal to let some troops stay on Samad : Karzai jockeying to protect his political , financial interests after his term ends He says Afghans worry about security but also want to keep the gains of the past 12 years Samad : Afghans will deal with Karzai ; U.S. must be patient and promote democratic reforms
CNN  -- Australian Samantha Stosur made a strong start to the defense of her U.S. Open crown with a crushing opening victory at Flushing Meadows . Her Croatian opponent Petra Matric won just two games as the seventh seed marched to a 6-1 6-1triumph in just 51 minutes . Stosur won the first grand slam title of her career in New York last year , beating home-crowd favorite Serena Williams in the final . The 28-year-old will now face Edina Gallovits-Hall , an unseeded Romanian who has won through to the second round of year 's final major for the first time . Speaking after the match , Stosur explained how being away from home has helped her game . "  You 're in the spotlight a bit more back home and you see yourself on TV and the newspapers even if you 're not looking for it , " the 28-year-old told reporters . "  It 's unavoidable , whereas here there are other players that are in that spotlight instead . " U.S. Open : Get the latest scores and match statistics World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka dropped just one game against Russia 's Alexandra Panova as she secured her place in the second round . The Australian Open champion , eliminated in the third round of the 2011 event , took just 50 minutes to complete a resounding 6-0 6-1 win and set up a tie with Belgium 's Kirsten Flipkens . Olympic silver medal winner Maria Sharapova put in a powerful performance against Hungarian Melinda Czink , winning 6-2 6-2 . The 2006 champion wrapped up the match in just over an hour and will face Spain 's world No. 78 Lourdes Dominguez Lino for a place in the last 32 . A two-and-a-half-hour rain break did not trouble ninth seed Li Na , as she reached the second round for the first time since 2009 with a 6-2 6-3 victory over Britain 's Heather Watson . She will now play unseeded Australian Casey Dellacqua . Three-time champion Kim Clijsters made a fine start to the final grand slam of her career , entertaining the Arthur Ashe Stadium with a 6-3 6-1 defeat of American Victoria Duval . The Belgian , who came out of retirement in 2009 and won back-to-back U.S. Open titles , will retire after this tournament and faces Britain 's Olympic mixed doubles silver medalist Laura Robson in the next round . Fifth seed and 2011 Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova battled past Slovenian Polona Hercog 7-6 6-1 to set up a meeting with 50th-ranked Alize Cornet of France .	Reigning champion Samantha Stosur cruises through U.S. Open first round match Top seed Victoria Azarenka also through after a crushing 6-0 6-1 win Former world No. 1 Maria Sharapova and three-time champion Kim Clijsters through Fifth seed Petra Kvitova battles through first set tiebreak to make second round
CNN  -- She was the one caught driving drunk , but in an odd twist of political fate , he 's now the one who has just been indicted on felony charges . On the face of it , you might think that Rosemary Lehmberg , district attorney for Travis County in Texas , would be out of her job after being caught driving under the influence , haranguing those who took her in , being convicted and serving 20 days in jail . But it 's her bitter political rival Texas Gov. Rick Perry who 's now facing serious charges for how he reacted to what she did . Here are four reasons why Perry -- a possible candidate for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination -- is in more trouble than the district attorney caught driving with a 0.239 blood alcohol level , nearly three times the state 's legal limit . Walking the line She failed miserably to walk a straight line in a field sobriety test , but he 's accused of crossing a political legal line . Perry joined others calling for Lehmberg to step down after her DWI arrest . But when she refused , he threatened to and then did withhold funding for a program run by Lehmberg -- a powerful Democrat in a heavily Republican state . Watch Lehmberg take the field sobriety test Some saw his action as strictly political , and an illegal overreach of his powers as governor . He ended up in a police booking room , getting his mug shot and fingerprints taken -- making Rick Perry the first Texas governor in nearly 100 years to face criminal charges . And the two felony counts that charge Perry with abusing his power hit the longest-serving governor in the state 's history right at the moment he 's switching his presidential ambitions into high gear . Talking the talk In her drunken state , with a blood alcohol level of 0.239 , Lehmberg mouthed off to officers and jailers . Perry let money do the talking . He threatened to use his veto power to cut state funding for a special unit in Lehmberg 's control -- the Office of Public Integrity -- if she did not step down after her conviction . Watch Lehmberg in jail Lehmberg would not budge , so Perry pulled the $ 3.5 million in annual state funding for the unit , which ironically investigates wrongdoing by public officials across Texas . Perry has the right to veto whatever he likes , but threatening to do so to get something he wanted was illegal , according to Texans for Public Justice , a liberal group that filed the complaint against Perry . Location , location , location A blueberry in a bowl of tomato soup . That 's what Perry calls Travis County , where Democrats like Lehmberg reign . The county , home of the state capital , Austin , is a spot of blue in an overwhelmingly red state . In 2012 , Travis County voted for President Obama while the rest of the state overwhelmingly went for Mitt Romney . The members of the grand jury that approved the indictment were selected from that Democratic county , but those involved in the legal case say their decision had nothing to do with politics . CNN spoke to several grand jurors , and they said politics never entered their secret discussions . One did add though that the decision to indict the governor was not unanimous . They said the special prosecutor , Mike McCrum , was fair and demonstrated how the governor violated the law . Read the indictment The law Lehmberg pleaded guilty to DWI , served nearly three weeks in jail , went to rehab and then went back to her job as the district attorney , able to ignore the calls for her to step down . The felony charges against Perry are much more serious and would not allow him such latitude were he to be found guilty . He faces one count of abuse of official capacity and one count of coercion of a public servant , with the maximum sentence for both at more than 100 years in prison . Perry calls the charges an "  injustice . " "  The actions I took were not only lawful and legal but right , " he told reporters at the Travis County Court , where he appeared voluntarily to have his mugshot and fingerprints taken . Indeed , legal analysts , including CNN 's Jeffrey Toobin , a former federal prosecutor , question the indictment . "  The governor has the power to veto this money , " Toobin said . "  So , the question is , how can it be a crime to threaten to use a power that is entirely within the powers of your office ? " Perry is now in his last few months in office after his 14 years in the governor 's mansion . Speculation that he 's eyeing the White House continues , but he may well have to solve this court case first . 5 reasons Gov. Perry is underrated Rick Perry takes back tweet	Texas Gov. Rick Perry has been indicted on accusations he abused his power Charges stem from his threat to cut program run by a local DA unless she resigned Both Perry and the DA got mug shots -- hers for drunk driving charge But while she 's back at work , he has to defend himself against felony charges
CNN  -- More than 20 million people watched the Golden Globes on Sunday night , the highest total audience for the awards show in 10 years . The strong ratings for the Globes were another affirmation that live awards shows are a boon to television networks in this age of increasingly time-shifted viewing . According to Nielsen , the average total audience during the three-hour broadcast was 20.9 million , up from 19.7 million last year . The network that televised the awards , NBC , pulled a 6.5 rating in the key advertiser demographic of adults ages 18 to 49 , an uptick from last year 's 6.4 rating . NBC said the total viewer number was the Globes ' best since 2004 , when the program drew 26.8 million viewers . On the Internet , Nielsen SocialGuide , which measures the reach of Twitter messages , found that 2.36 million messages about the Globes reached a total of 10.4 million users on Sunday night . Entertainment Weekly , which like CNN is owned by Time Warner , observed that "  any ratings boost could be seen as another endorsement of hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler , who hosted the show for the second year in a row . They are also signed to host the awards next year . " The red carpet arrivals special on NBC , hosted by the cast of the "  Today " show , also performed well . It averaged more than 10 million viewers between 7 and 8 p.m. ET . The competing red carpet special on E! averaged 2.2 million viewers between 6 and 8 p.m. ET , which E! said was one of its highest-rated editions in Globes history . Golden Globes 2014 : The winners list Complete coverage of Awards Season	The 2014 Golden Globes had its highest total audience in 10 years According to Nielsen , the average total audience was 20.9 million That 's up from last year 's 19.7 million total audience There was also an uptick in ratings in the key demographic of adults 18-49
CNN  -- Prince Harry is currently in Cape Town awaiting an improvement in weather conditions so that he , along with his fellow Walking With The Wounded teammates , can fly to Antarctica 's Novo Airbase and begin acclimating their bodies to the extreme conditions before their 200-mile trek to the South Pole . By committing to head to the bottom of the earth alongside his team , Harry is setting a whole new precedent in terms of royal charity involvement for the future . Members of the royal family serve to provide continuity , promote British interests , and act as global ambassadors by representing all that is great about Great Britain , but a large percentage of their operational life is devoted to charity work . For decades royals have travelled the length and breadth of the country , and indeed the globe , on behalf of their many organizations . They act as patron or president , raise awareness of the cause , cut ribbons , unveil plaques , attend dinners , plant trees , and most importantly -- raise money . A royal patronage is about the best gift a charity can receive short of a wealthy benefactor bequeathing millions of dollars to the cause on their death bed , and in times of recession and economic hardship the survival of many charities rests on the regal shoulders of its patron . At 87 the Queen has more than 600 patronages and at 92 Prince Philip has about 800 . According to a recent Time magazine article , Prince Charles raised $ 224 million for his charities between April 2012 and March 2013 . Tickets to the upcoming Winter Whites Gala on behalf of homeless charity Centrepoint were going for the princely sum of  # 500 before selling out almost immediately . The reason for the large price tag and instant sell out ? Prince William , Patron of Centrepoint , will be in attendance . Charities can command top dollar when a senior royal rolls out . Along with said royal comes a legion of reporters and wealthy benefactors , and whenever Kate 's involved you can pretty much guarantee the occasion making front page news the following day . That type of attention leaves charity heads googly-eyed . The royals have always approached charity engagements with enthusiasm , well aware that their presence allows for worldwide exposure . One need only to look at coverage of Diana shaking hands with an AIDS patient in 1989 , or her walk through a partially-cleared land mine field in Angola in 1997 , to understand the power of a globally recognized figure . William and Harry , however , have taken things one step further in recent years by rolling up their proverbial sleeves and throwing themselves in at ground level . In December 2009 Prince William spent the night sleeping rough near Blackfriars Bridge in central London . He did so in order to gain a better understanding of what the homeless community experiences night after night . Had he simply dished out soup and shaken hands with a few volunteers he still would have drawn attention to the work of the charity Centrepoint , but by actually bedding down on the streets of Central London he significantly heightened public awareness . In March 2011 Prince Harry joined a team of injured servicemen for the first five days of their trek to the North Pole . Yes , of course it was about raising money for the charity Walking With The Wounded , but as Harry said at the time , it was also about raising an awareness of the debt the country owes to those it sends off to fight . Harry has made no secret of his dedication to the welfare of injured servicemen and women , and the money raised enables the charity to fulfill its mission ; however , by taking part alongside his fellow soldiers , Harry gave them far more than a well-funded charity . He showed them that they matter , that their loss matters , and that their lives may continue to inspire . Looking to the future of the monarchy , Charles has made it clear he wants to push for a more streamlined royal family , but I hope that when the time comes he will make room for extended members of the family to step up and continue their efforts on behalf of their chosen charities . As the only blood-born princesses of their generation , Beatrice and Eugenie have already shown a readiness to support causes meaningful to them . Were the Queen to give them an "  official " role , their potential could be enormous . It comes down to simple mathematics : streamline the monarchy , and funding to the smaller charities that rely on a royal patron slips down the tubes . Royals and charity work will always go hand-in-hand -- and long may it be so . Plaques will remain , trees will grow , and the work of the charity in question will continue , but it is this new hardcore approach that is so exciting . It wo n't work for everyone , and it would lose its impact if suddenly every engagement required rigorous training , compression chambers , hard hats , life vests and the likes , but we should salute Prince Harry on his epic polar endeavor . Harry 's physical disability may be limited to a broken toe , but walking alongside those brave wounded warriors will no doubt leave him with an unbreakable spirit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victoria Arbiter .	Prince Harry is in Cape Town waiting to continue preparing for a 200-mile trek to the South Pole Much of the royals ' operational lives are devoted to charity work , writes Victoria Arbiter At 87 the Queen has more than 600 patronages and at 92 Prince Philip has about 800 , she says She says Prince William and Harry , however , have taken things one step further
CNN  -- The Serbian capital of Belgrade and the lavish Claridge 's Hotel in the heart of London might be more than 1,000 miles apart , but for one day some seven decades ago the two places came much closer . On 17 July 1945 , Queen Alexandria of Yugoslavia gave birth to her son , Crown Prince Alexander , in the hotel 's 212 suite . Then British Prime Minister Winston Churchill designated the room Yugoslavian territory for the day so that the baby prince could retain his right to the throne . "  It was an extraordinary act that he did , " recalls Crown Prince Alexander . In 1941 , Germany invaded and occupied Yugoslavia forcing the country 's King -- Peter II -- to move into exile in London . Later on , he was banned from returning home by the Communist government that followed World War II Alexander , who was baptized by Queen Elizabeth and her father King George , grew up abroad and only visited his country for the first time in 1991 . Ten years later , he returned to live in Belgrade after the country 's government decided to give him and his family the right to use the city 's royal palaces , which were taken from the royals when they were stripped of their possessions and citizenship by the communists . "  I never thought we 'd come back here -- I really did n't , " he says . The power of religion After decades abroad , the return home signaled many first experiences for the Crown Prince -- and one of those included celebrating the Patron Saint Day of the Royal Family , St. Andrew the First , in Serbia . "  It 's even more meaningful doing it at home , very much so , " says Alexander , who has today a strictly ceremonial role . The Serbian Orthodox religion is closely bound to the country 's identity -- around 85 % of the 7.2 million population declare themselves as Orthodox . Since his return in 2001 , Crown Prince Alexander has enjoyed the feast of St. Andrew as an open , inter faith celebration -- a turning point for Serbian history . "  It 's wonderful and very moving for me to see that he has accomplished that because they 're all together sitting and talking to each other , " says the Crown Prince 's wife , Her Royal Highness Crown Princess Katherine . "  It 's hard to believe this country was in conflict so many years ago and for such a long time . " Luckily , it seems that those days are over . Watch the video below to find out more about Serbia 's royals and the role of religion in the country 's history . Watch this : The perseverance of Belgrade Read this : Serbia by numbers More from On the Road Serbia	Crown Prince of Serbia was born in Claridge 's a He counts Queen Elizabeth as his godmother He lived in exile from Serbia for more than 50 years The Prince and his wife are now back in Belgrade , their role strictly ceremonial
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A former CIA agent who participated in interrogations of terror suspects said Tuesday that the controversial interrogation technique of "  waterboarding " has saved lives , but he considers the method torture and now opposes its use . Ex-CIA agent John Kiriakou says he underwent waterboarding in training and cracked in a few seconds . Former CIA operative John Kiriakou also told CNN 's "  American Morning " that he disagrees with a decision to destroy videotapes of certain interrogations , namely of al Qaeda 's Abu Zubayda . Kiriakou made the remarks as two congressional committees prepared to grill CIA Director Michael Hayden on the destruction of the tapes and on "  alternative " means of interrogation . Waterboarding begins by placing a suspect on a table with the suspect 's feet slightly elevated , said Kiriakou , who was waterboarded several years ago as part of his CIA training . He said he elected not to learn how to perform the technique , which is designed to emulate the sensation of drowning . Once a suspect is secured on the table , interrogators wrap his or her face in a cellophane-like material , Kiriakou said . Watch journalist undergo , discuss waterboarding " "  There is a bladder , or a water source , above the head with water pouring down on the mouth , so no water is going into your mouth , but it induces a gag reflex and makes you feel like you 're choking , " Kiriakou said . Watch the ex-agent describe the procedure " Kiriakou said he lasted only a few seconds during his training because his body felt like it was seizing up almost immediately . "  It 's entirely unpleasant , " Kiriakou said . "  You are so full of tension that you tense up , your muscles tighten up . It 's very uncomfortable . " Abu Zubayda lasted a little longer , said Kiriakou , but not much . The former agent , who said he participated in the Abu Zubayda interrogation but not his waterboarding , said the CIA decided to waterboard the al Qaeda operative only after he was "  wholly uncooperative " for weeks and refused to answer questions . All that changed -- and Zubayda reportedly had a divine revelation -- after 30 to 35 seconds of waterboarding , Kiriakou said he learned from the CIA agents who performed the technique . The terror suspect , who is being held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , reportedly gave up information that indirectly led to the the 2003 raid in Pakistan yielding the arrest of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , an alleged planner of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , Kiriakou said . The CIA was unaware of Mohammed 's stature before the Abu Zubayda interrogation , the former agent said . "  Abu Zubayda 's the one who told us that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was so important in the al Qaeda structure , and we did n't realize at the time how important he was , " Kiriakou said . Abu Zubayda also divulged information on "  al Qaeda 's leadership structure and mentioned people who we really did n't have any familiarization with -LSB- and -RSB- told us who we should be thinking about , who we should be looking at , and who was important in the organization so we were able to focus our investigation this way , " Kiriakou said . Abu Zubayda reportedly told the agent who waterboarded him that "  Allah had visited him in his cell during the night and told him to cooperate because it would make it easier on the other brothers who had been captured , " Kiriakou said . Though the information wrenched from Abu Zubayda "  stopped terrorist attacks and saved lives , " Kiriakou said he opposes waterboarding . "  Now after all these years , time has passed , and we 're more on our feet in this fight against al Qaeda , and I think it 's unnecessary , " he said . In a separate CNN interview , Kiriakou said the Justice Department and National Security Council reportedly approved waterboarding and other "  alternative " interrogation techniques in June 2002 . "  It was a policy decision that came down from the White House , " he said . Despite the executive blessing , Kiriakou and other agents were conflicted over whether to learn the technique , he said . "  One senior officer said to me that this is something you really have to think deeply about , " the former agent said , adding he "  struggled with it morally . " Kiriakou conceded his position might be hypocritical and said that the technique was useful -- even if he wanted to distance himself from it . "  Waterboarding was an important technique , and some of these other techniques were important in collecting the information , " he said . "  But I personally did n't want to do it . I did n't think it was right in the long run , and I did n't want to be associated with it . " As for the tapes of the interrogations , Kiriakou -- who claims neither he nor the other CIA agents realized they were being recorded during the Abu Zubayda interrogation -- said he disagrees with the decision to destroy the tapes . "  I do n't see the reason to destroy them , " Kiriakou said . "  There 's a possibility that they could be used in a criminal investigation , and frankly , for the historical record , I think it 's important to have things like that maintained . " The Justice Department and CIA have announced a preliminary inquiry into the matter . Hayden , the CIA director , is slated to go before congressional committees Tuesday and Wednesday . Hayden has said the CIA destroyed the tapes "  only after it was determined they were no longer of intelligence value and not relevant to any internal , legislative or judicial inquiries . " Congressional leaders said they were never properly notified about the decision . E-mail to a friend	John Kiriakou says he questioned al Qaeda suspect but did n't waterboard him Abu Zubayda reportedly said after waterboarding that Allah told him to talk Kiriakou : Suspect gave up information on al Qaeda , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed Kiriakou : Tapes of Abu Zubayda 's interrogation should not have been destroyed
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Hong Kong authorities Sunday announced that two recalled candy products made by British confectioner Cadbury had high levels of melamine . The industrial chemical has recently been found in Chinese-made milk products that have sickened nearly 53,000 children in China , killing four . Countries around the world have since banned the import of Chinese products containing milk , or have withdrawn products that contain milk from China -- such as candy -- amid worries they contain melamine . Last week , Cadbury recalled all of its Chinese-made candy products after preliminary tests showed they contained trace amounts of melamine . Cadbury took the action because "  no level of melamine is appropriate , " spokesman Tony Bilsborough told CNN on Sunday . He could not comment on the latest test results . The company stresses that its products manufactured at its Beijing plant are only exported to Taiwan and Hong Kong , with one product -- Cadbury Eclair -- sent to Australia , Nauru and Christmas Island . Hong Kong 's Center for Food Safety tested 104 samples of products made by a variety of manufacturers , including Cadbury , Nestle , and some U.S. and Chinese companies . Only two of the samples showed unsatisfactory levels of melamine -- Cadbury Dairy Milk Cookies Chocolate  bulk pack 5kg  and Cadbury Dairy Milk Hazelnut Chocolate  bulk pack 5kg  . The sample of the Cadbury Dairy Milk Hazelnut Chocolate contained melamine levels of 65 ppm  parts per million  which is more than 25 times the acceptable level of 2.5 ppm , according to Hong Kong 's government . According to the center , a child weighing 22 pounds  10kg  would have to eat more than 10 small pieces of the hazelnut chocolate to surpass the tolerable daily intake . An average adult weighing 132 pounds  60kg  would have to eat more than 112 small pieces to surpass the level . The melamine levels in the samples of Dairy Milk Cookies Chocolate were 6.9 ppm -- more than twice as high as the legal limit of melamine . Hong Kong 's Center for Food Safety said it will continue to test dairy products and other products with dairy ingredients . Test results on other products -- including milk powder , soya drinks , yogurt , butter , baby food and frozen confections -- would be released on Monday , it said . Chinese authorities have implicated 22 Chinese dairy companies in the tainted milk scandal . Investigators suspect people watered down milk in an attempt to sell more of it , and added melamine in order to fool quality checks , Chinese authorities have said . The toxic chemical is used to bolster apparent protein levels in diluted or poor-quality milk . On Saturday China announced that a test of 607 batches of liquid milk from 27 cities found the samples to be melamine-free , state-run media said . The tests were the sixth Chinese officials have carried out since melamine was discovered in powdered infant formula last month . Chinese authorities have promised to subsidize farmers hit by the shrinking demand for milk , the news agency Xinhua said . Among them is the northern Hebei province , which has earmarked 316 million yuan  $ 46.1 million  for subsidies . That translates to giving a farmer 200 yuan  $ 29  per cow , Xinhua said . Melamine is used to bolster apparent protein levels in diluted or poor-quality milk . Chinese authorities have arrested 40 people in connection with the scandal , including two brothers who could face the death penalty if convicted . Authorities have implicated 22 Chinese dairy companies in the scandal .	Hong Kong authorities say two Cadbury products have high levels of melamine Cadbury recalled all of its Chinese-made candy products last week Chinese milk products have sickened nearly 53,000 children in China , killing four
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If the craggy , icy west coast of Greenland does n't inspire them , perhaps Vanessa Carlton 's vodka infusions will . Singer KT Tunstall relaxes as the Cape Farewell tour heads towards Disko Bay . On Friday , the American singer-songwriter and self-professed "  expert infuser " will join an unlikely ensemble of 40 artists , scientists and musicians aboard the 10-day "  Cape Farewell " expedition to Disko Bay . Musicians Jarvis Cocker , KT Tunstall , Martha Wainwright and Leslie Feist will be there negotiating the bridge with acclaimed French artist Sophie Calle , performance artist Laurie Anderson and novelist Nicole Krauss . See the full crew list They 're not there to perform but to be inspired by the scientists , their work and their surroundings , in the hope they 'll return home with a deeper understanding of climate change . "  It 's two-way traffic , " explains Cape Farewell founder , artist David Buckland . "  The place itself is inspiring , the dialogue about climate change is inspiring and the science that we actually do on board is important to the scientists , but it 's also inspiring to see scientists working . "  You do n't just look at a graph ; you actually see who gets the data that feeds into the graph . And from all that , the output is that we find this new language , this new way of communication and that 's what the creative souls are there to do . " Around midday Friday , the sturdy and ice-strengthened science research vessel , the "  Grigory Mikheev , " will depart Kangerlussuaq in Greenland bound for Disko Bay , a location on the west coast that provides some of the starkest examples of the island 's melting ice caps . There , the geologists on board will acoustically measure the seabed some two kilometers below . "  What happens is that as ice melts from Greenland it lessens the weight on the land and the land rises . This causes cracks to appear in the ocean seafloor -- this is what we think , " explains Buckland , adding "  So you can measure what 's happening to the landmass of Greenland by looking at the sea . " It 's fair to say that the work the artists are hoping to achieve on board requires less scientific rigor . When CNN spoke with British comedian Marcus Brigstocke the day before departure , he was trying to decide which suit to pack . "  I 'm wearing a suit jacket and a waistcoat , trying to work out what 's the lightest thing I can put in my bag which will also keep me sufficiently warm if I do a stand-up routine on an iceberg . " Brigstocke joined the Cape Farewell crew last year on their most ambitious voyage yet , down the east coast of Greenland . After suffering the combined trauma of seasickness and a cabin awash with sewage after a plumbing failure , Brigstocke vowed he 'd "  never , ever " do it again . "  When I asked him , he sort of went white , " Buckland laughs . "  I promised him a bigger boat this time , in a cabin that does n't do somersaults . We 're not sailing this time , which is a sadness for me , but it means we can do a lot more work . " On his return last year , Brigstocke wove his experience into a stand-up routine . This time , he 's hoping to complete the program they started filming last year on climate change and the Cape Farewell trip . "  I do n't know what the end result will be , " he says . "  It does n't particularly matter . The footage already is astonishing . " Vanessa Carlton , the U.S. musician best known for her Grammy-nominated single "  A Thousand Miles , " describes herself as "  pretty green . " "  Right now I 'm walking and I 'm carrying a reusable grocery bag -- I 've just been to the grocery store , " she tells CNN by cell phone from New York . "  I wear mostly vintage clothes . I have a very energy-efficient house -- very long-lasting light bulbs . Everything 's off unless I really need something to be on . If I 'm away for a long time , I turn off my water heater . " She 's intrigued to see how her experience on the Cape Farewell Expedition will manifest itself in her music . She 's also unsure of what she can teach the scientists on board . "  Perhaps I will have a more emotional response to the surrounding than they normally do , " she guesses , adding "  I hope that inspires their work and injects a bit of ` non-scientific ' spirit into the voyage . " Or perhaps another kind of spirit : "  I 'm an expert vodka infuser and will be teaching a thing or two about infusions . " It was a much more sober affair when Cape Farewell 's Youth Expedition wound its way from Iceland , around the southern tip of Greenland , across the Davis Strait and down the coast of Canada earlier this month . See photos of the Youth Expedition " Most of the 28 students on board returned to their respective schools this week . Luisa Lizoain , a 16-year-old grade 11 student from the University of Toronto Schools described the experience as life-changing . "  We went to a few small villages when we were in the north of Greenland and Baffin Island , " Lizoain told CNN . "  Meeting the people who live in the north put a face to climate change for me . " "  I want to try and raise as much awareness as possible and tell as many people as possible about this experience and what I 've just seen . " Martin Rose , director of the British Council Canada , which organized the Youth Expedition with Cape Farewell , says , "  It was clear that the snow was late and the glaciers are retreating year by year . " "  There are all sorts of complicated arguments around that , but symbolically it 's quite powerful to see green and red hillsides when normally there 'd now be snow , " he continued . Upon boarding , the Youth Expedition students were given sketchbooks and were encouraged to spend at least ten minutes a day being creative . While sketchbooks wo n't be standard issue for the professional artists on the Disko Bay Expedition , David Buckland says creative freedom will be encouraged . "  If anybody is inspired to do anything we 'll stop the boat and we 'll do it , we 'll find a way to do it , and that 's the rule , that 's the only rule : follow the inspiration . " And he does n't care how long it takes . Author Ian McEwan boarded the boat in 2005 and has only just revealed that his new book , "  A Boot Room in The Frozen North , " is about climate change . "  Brilliant . I can sit and wait for that , that 's fine , " Buckland says . "  It 's a difficult subject , it 's a great big amorphous subject , it 's abstract and therefore to try to make it real , on a human scale , that 's the really important message they get across . " Everyone on board the boat will be blogging about their adventure . You can have your say by posting a comment below .	Forty artists and scientists board science research vessel off Greenland coast Crew includes Jarvis Cocker , KT Tunstall , Vanessa Carlton , Sophie Calle "  Cape Farewell " expedition aims to blur barriers between art and science Ten-day trip will take crew to Disko Bay to see the affects of climate change
CNN  The luck of the Irish had nothing to do with it . Ireland continued their trademark giant killing with the first shock of this cricket World Cup by defeating West Indies by four wickets . It 's a mere eight years since Ireland made its tournament debut . Back in 2007 , they tied with Zimbabwe and picked up victories over Pakistan and Bangladesh . Four years on , there was a famous victory over England and once more they have picked up the scalp of one of the Test-playing nations . While Ireland are on a crest of a wave , the Windies are seemingly a team in disarray . The once dominant force of global cricket -- West Indies won two World Cups in the 1970s with a mixture of fearsome pace bowling and swashbuckling batting -- the current crop of players looked disenchanted on the field throughout the match . A pay dispute between the players and the West Indies Cricket Board led to their tour of India being abandoned last October and there have reportedly been further rows over the omissions of Dwayne Bravo and Kieron Pollard from their World Cup squad . The Caribbean team 's stock has fallen so far that they are now ranked a lowly eighth in the one-day international standings . Ireland captain William Porterfield was adamant in the build-up to the game that confidence was high in the camp . "  I do n't think it 'll be a surprise if we win , " he said . "  I think we 're preparing for every game and going out there to win that game , and I do n't think it 'll be a surprise to anyone if we go out there and win games . " And it was a sentiment backed in the aftermath of another major scalp , Porterfield merely adding : "  I do n't see it as an upset . " But it was the manner of the victory that was impressive . Ireland were set a target of 305 to win the game , with just four successful run chances above 300 having ever been achieved in World Cup history . Now that figure is five and Ireland are responsible for three of them . Former England player Ed Joyce was the most eye-catching of the Irish batsmen with a blistering knock of the 84 runs from 67 balls , while Paul Stirling top scored 92 and Niall O'Brien finished the innings unbeaten on 79 . It was left to John Mooney , as he had done famously against England four years ago , to hit the winning runs and spark the Irish celebrations in Nelson , New Zealand . Rubbing salt into the Windies wounds was this was a victory masterminded by a former West Indies international Phil Simmons , Ireland 's cricket coach whose nephew Lendl top scored for the Caribbean side with a century . Simmons ' Ireland side , though , are not one of the world 's Test playing nations , considered to be in the second tier of global cricket at the head of the Associates . But the pre-tournament form of both sides had suggested an upset could be on the cards . West Indies had lost their last one-day international series against South Africa 4-1 and managed a meager 122 runs in their World Cup warm-up match against England . In addition , they had lost a T20 game to Ireland in Jamaica just last year . When Ireland broke the mold at the 2007 World Cup , a documentary called The Breaking Boundaries followed while their 2011 England win led the Prime Minister elect Enda Kenny to contact the team . She said : "  Their supreme effort will lift the spirits of every single Irish person , no matter where they are in the world . Ireland 's performance is truly inspiring , demonstrating that , with self-belief , the apparently impossible can be made possible , and that real change can occur . " Quite what lies in store this time should they continue their giant killing remains to be seen .	Ireland pull-off a memorable four-victory against West Indies in their World Cup opener The Irish have a history of shock results in their brief history in the tournament West Indies , meanwhile , are a series in disarray after a series of rows
CNN  -- Colombian authorities have issued a red alert , the highest level , for the Galeras volcano , because a non-explosive eruption occurred early Wednesday . Images show a slight plume of smoke and ash emanating from the volcano , which is in southwestern Colombia , near the border with Ecuador . Officials have called on about 7,000 nearby residents to evacuate to one of nine shelters in the area , but only 205 people had gone to four of the structures by Wednesday morning , the Ministry of Interior and Justice said in a news release . The volcano is not in a heavily populated region , and there were no reports of injuries or structural damage . Galeras , an ancient volcano that previously erupted in January , became active again in 1989 . The only fatalities were in 1993 , when nine people -- all scientists or tourists in or near the volcano 's crater -- were killed . The volcano 's summit stands about 14,000 feet  4,200 meters  above sea level .	Galeras volcano previously erupted in January A slight plume of smoke and ash was seen Wednesday The volcano is in southwestern Colombia
CNN  -- Until a few months ago , Denmark 's Greenland North National Park was the world 's largest nature reserve at 972,000 square kilometers -- bigger than all but 30 countries on Earth . There are now two spots that eclipse it . For a few short weeks , the French semi-autonomous territory of New Caledonia in the southwest Pacific held the top spot , having established the world 's largest marine managed area in May . Covering 1.3 million square kilometers  502,000 square miles  -- the territory 's entire economic zone -- the Natural Park of the Coral Sea protects the world 's second longest double barrier reef and the world 's largest marine lagoon , an underwater coliseum where the level of endemism  the number of species found nowhere else on earth  is off the charts . "  Because it lies in a temperate zone , the marine biodiversity of New Caledonia 's reef is very peculiar , " says Richard Farmer , director of the Aquarium Des Lagons in the capital Noumea . "  So we have an obligation to humanity to keep the reef pristine . " On June 17 , the United States outdid New Caledonia when it declared an even bigger national park in the central South Pacific Ocean measuring 2 million square kilometers . But getting there is difficult . The U.S.-controlled islands lying between Hawaii and American Samoa that are incorporated into the new Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument are mostly uninhabited or off limits to all but a handful of scientists . New Caledonia 's park , however , is open for business . Here are three novel ways to experience the world 's largest "  accessible " national park . On a surf board On the east coast of the main island of Grande Terre , La Roche Percee beach is a long strip of sand edged by an extraordinary cliff formation that looks like a giant chess piece . It 's the only known place in New Caledonia where one can surf off the shore . The waves are for beginners but the real action lies three kilometers out to sea , where the swell hits the outer reef to produce thick and hollow waves . Manu Hernu runs Nekweta  Respect for the Ocean  , a small surfing and fishing camp set in the mangrove forest behind La Roche Percee . A typical day starts with breakfast at 6:30 a.m. followed by a half-hour motorboat ride to the outer reef . There , guests spend the next five hours surfing two different reef breaks , snorkeling or fishing for snapper to be baked back at the camp . "  We saw four - to five-foot  1.2-1 .5 meter  waves , but it can get up to six to eight feet , " says Nicolas Sarian , a surfer and recent visitor from Argentina . "  But the best things about it is nobody was there . Just Manu and me . " Nekweta Fish & Surf Camp  +687784026  offers seven-day surf camps and bungalow-style accommodation with communal meals from $ 1,386 . Book via The Perfect Wave or World Safaris . On a yacht Each June , a dozen or so monohulls and catamarans sail out of Noumea 's Port Moselle to compete for glory at the Great Lagoon Regatta . The friendly three-day , 90-nautical-mile yacht race heads along the west coast of Grande Terre to Ouen Island for a night , then through the Woodin Canal and south to Ua Islet for a second night at sea before heading back to Noumea . This is n't an event filled with wind-burnt sailors who wake at the crack of dawn to swab the decks and raise the sails . The crews -- families and groups of friends from Noumea plus a few ring-ins from Sydney and Tokyo -- spend race nights at sea eating paella , drinking punch and dancing to '80s hits on the beach . They are n't early risers . For those who are , the late-morning starts present an opportunity to borrow a kayak or tender to explore the outer reef and its rich marine life . Or to walk around a tropical island all by themselves . "  In this small part of the lagoon you have at last 50 little islands , " says Herve Moal , a super-yacht agent in Noumea who co-founded the regatta in 2011 . "  Even on the weekend you can find a place to be alone . " The Great Lagoon Regatta  +687795601  is held on the first weekend of June . Entry is free for foreign boats . Dream Yacht Charters  +687799118  in Noumea rent 43-foot catamarans that sleep eight to 10 people for $ 900 a day . Add $ 275 per day for a skipper . Through a snorkel mask Less than 20 kilometers from Noumea , Signal Island Marine Park is a campground straight out of "  The Blue Lagoon . " On weekends , rangers visit to leave chopped wood for people to enjoy campfires on the beach . Camping is free but most visitors sleep on yachts and motorboats moored around the island on floating buoys designed to protect the reef from anchor drag . More alien than the edge of space and more spectacular than an exploding supernova , the coral here is free of the bleaching and crown-of-thorns starfish infestation affecting reefs throughout other parts of the South Pacific . The rich coral creates habitat for an extraordinary number of marine species : leopard sharks , green turtles , dugongs , shoals of rare bump-headed parrot fish and yellow sea perch , poisonous but friendly banded sea snakes , clown fish , big sweetlip cod , huge toothy groupers , delicate feather starfish and the serene butterfly-shaped fish from "  Finding Nemo " known as Moorish idol . "  It 's incredible to have this quality of water and coral so close to the city , " says Bernard Andreani , a diver who runs small group snorkeling tours to Signal Island . Bernard Andreani Snorkelling Treks  +687779072 ; bernard.andreani.nc@gmail.com  offers half-day snorkeling , walking and birdwatching boat tours to Signal Island Marine Park for $ 170 for two people . Bookings essential . Tours depart 8 a.m. from Noumea 's Kuendu Beach . Getting there : Qantas and Aircalin offer codeshare flights to New Caledonia from Australia and New Zealand . Flight times from Auckland and Sydney are less than three hours . Tontouta International Airport is a 45-minute drive from the capital , Noumea . Ian Lloyd Neubauer is a Sydney-based freelance journalist specializing in adventure travel . He 's the author of two travel novels , Getafix  2004  and Maquis  2006  .	New Caledonia 's Natural Park of the Coral Sea covers 1.3 million square kilometers Signal Island Marine Park , less than 20 kilometers from the capital , is great for snorkeling The world 's largest marine managed area is the U.S. Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument
Beijing  CNN  -- In recent years Halloween has become a big deal in Beijing , with locals and foreigners hitting up dozens of themed parties around the city in their wackiest costumes . Some , however , seek out something truly macabre -- an authentic haunted house . Among the freakier options in the city is a building simply called "  no. 81 . " Unlike your average haunted house , found hidden in some dark alley or unlit street , this one sits on one of Beijing 's busiest thoroughfares -- Chaoyangmen Inner Street . The area is famous for its Western-style clubs , restaurants and concerts . But these days No. 81 has been giving the street a ghoulish boost due to its alleged ghostly residents . Decrepit is kind of scary "  The only word to describe that house is ` decrepit ' , " says Guo Tao , a former resident of the neighborhood . "  The broken windows , the crawling ivies ... not many people want to stop at that place . " The building has grown in infamy . Beijing taxi drivers have no trouble finding it when you tell them you 're looking for the haunted house on Chaoyangmen . Numerous mentions online have made it a popular site for young adventurers . "  I came here to celebrate my birthday , " said a middle school girl visiting the building last week . "  Almost all of my friends have been here , and I thought it would be nice to come here for some fun , especially as Halloween is approaching . " With theme parks getting more expensive , more young people are opting to get a "  free ride " in the city 's old , broken buildings , ignoring ` Danger ! Do not enter ' signs in the front . Next to the "  danger " sign at No. 81 , there 's a more intriguing handwritten warning on a window pane : "  There are ghosts . " Is the place even haunted ? Building no. 81 was built in 1910 to serve as a language center and rest area . When the People 's Republic of China was founded in 1949 , administrative departments moved in and used the building for offices . Local resident Guo says that in the 2000s , the building was abandoned due to a lack of funding . Over the last decade , it 's deteriorated to its current state , giving the building an eerie edge that 's led many to assume -- or hope -- that it 's haunted . Where do the ghost tales come from ? Various accounts are making the rounds , but the commonly accepted yarn has it that a number of people have unexpectedly died on the property , including workers , adventure-seekers and other innocents who for some reason or other made their way into the building . Spooky as it all sounds , a recent Xinhua state-run news agency interview with local police attempted to clear up the rumors , saying no deaths were reported to have ever taken place in the building . Meanwhile , the company that currently owns the building told Xinhua that its famously haunted space is n't actually haunted at all . Ghosts or no ghosts , for young adventurers the place is still a spooky destination -- especially around Halloween . "  I heard the building is going to be demolished or renovated soon , " said one student who recently visited the site . "  I 'm not sure if it 's true , but I really wanted to take a look before it changes . " Not freaky enough for you ? Other ghoulish options in the Chinese capital include a haunted walking tour or the Beijing ghosts tour . Susan Wang contributed to this report .	A century-old ` haunted ' building on busy Beijing road is attracting Halloween thrill seekers Legend says building haunted by people who died mysteriously on the property Current owner claims it 's not really haunted , police say no record of deaths
CNN  -- Leave it to an old naturalist to make rivers sound sexy . "  The rivers flow not past , but through us , " John Muir wrote in the 1870s , "  thrilling , tingling , vibrating every fiber and cell of the substance of our bodies , making them glide and sing . " If only we still felt that way in 2014 . Today , rivers are n't thrilling much of anybody . They 're invisible . We do n't travel by river , rarely visit their banks . We do n't know their stories . That 's most of us , at least . I 've discovered as part of my reporting on rivers for CNN 's Change the List project , that there remains a vital sect of pleasantly anachronistic River People . They 're folks who do n't mind smelling like mildew ; who affix clips and carabineers to everything in sight ; and who still value adventure over efficiency . Related : My trip down ` Apocalypse River ' I learned many of you are among them . When I put out a request for readers to send in photos and stories about their favorite rivers , I wondered if anyone would respond -- if anyone still took photos of rivers , still cared about them . But , to my delight , 89 people have submitted stories on CNN iReport -- and dozens more have uploaded images to Instagram . You 're people like Darren Palm , who sent in black-and-white photos of his grandfather catching salmon on California 's Kings River ; like Julee Khoo , who wrote that her trip on the Yangtze River "  will forever link me to my grandmother who was born and raised in China " ; like Maureen Moore , who 's photographed the Hudson River in New York when it 's covered in ice and when it 's teeming with boats ; and Sandi Kubbs , a Polio survivor , who wrote that , "  who I became is intrinsically tied up with my life rowing up and down the Little Wabash . " If anyone is going to save our rivers , it 's you . The good people at CNN iReport have compiled these submissions into a list of "  Our favorite rivers . " This list is n't clickbait , nor is it nature porn . For many , it 's nothing short of a protest -- an assertion that a river-first view will lead to a better world . As rivers have become invisible , they 've started to dry up -- and without much public alarm . The Colorado , the Rio Grande , the San Joaquin  which I recently spent three weeks kayaking  . These mighty waters often fail to reach the ocean . And many others are gunked up with pollution . The Mississippi -- which one of you , Neal Moore , traveled from source to sea -- dumps so much fertilizer into the Gulf of Mexico that it creates an aquatic dead zone the size of Connecticut . We 've strangled that river with so much concrete that it ca n't bring enough life-giving sediment to the coast . A football field of wetlands floats away each hour . We 're trashing our rivers , but there is an antidote : Telling their stories . Thanks to all of you for honoring these precious waterways . And , if you see one that 's missing , there 's still time to tell us about your favorite river .	CNN compiles a list of "  your favorite rivers " from submissions The list includes the Tunga , in India ; the Arno , in Italy ; and the Hue , in Vietnam iReporter Sandi Kubbs : "  Who I became is intrinsically tied " to the Little Wabash River in Illinois What rivers are we missing ? Nominate your favorite waterway at CNN iReport
Oklahoma City , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Anytime anyone learns that I 'm a sports columnist , one of two questions is sure to follow . It 's either "  What 's it like to be a female sports writer ? " or "  Do you go in the locker room ? " The first one is tricky to answer . The second one is not : "  Yes , and it stinks . " Locker rooms are smelly places . They are dank . They are damp . They are really not fun places to be inside . But you know what ? That 's where the athletes and coaches who I need to interview are , and so , that 's where I am going to be . The locker room has been the designated spot for postpractice and postgame interviews for at least a century . Going into one is never glamorous or fun , but it has to be done . My job has taken me inside pro sports locker rooms off and on for the past dozen years or so . While the arrival of the NBA in Oklahoma City several years has increased the frequency with which I 'm inside locker rooms , I still remember the first time that I went into a pro sports locker room . My employer , The Oklahoman , sent me to Arlington , Texas , to cover a Rangers game . With Oklahoma City being only three hours away from the Dallas-Fort Worth area , we have lots of readers who are Rangers fans . They were in playoff contention , and they were hosting a weekend series with the Red Sox . I had lots of stories to write and interviews to do , so I had to get there early for the open locker-room period before the game . As I took the elevator down from the press box to the field level , my mind was racing about all the players I needed to interview . But it was also spinning because I was n't sure what to expect in the locker room . It was n't the first time I 'd been in a locker room to do interviews , but it was the first time I 'd been inside a pro locker room . Would it be any different ? Would it be hostile ? Would it be weird ? Would it be like "  Animal House " except with millionaire athletes ? When the clubhouse attendant opened the doors signaling the start of the media availability , empty bottles of Cristal did not spill into the hallway . There were no signs of diamond-encrusted togas either . Instead , there were just a bunch of baseball players getting ready to play a game . Some ended up being knuckleheads . They refused to talk , or they hung out in the training room so they did n't have to talk . Others were great . I remember going to the Red Sox locker room to try to get a minute with Pedro Martinez . This was during the height of his popularity , so I figured there was no way I 'd get any one-on-one time . I was wrong . Martinez actually offered me the chair at his locker . I told him that it was n't necessary , that I did n't mind standing or kneeling , but he would n't hear it . He sat on the ledge of his locker , I sat on the chair , and he talked to me for a good five minutes . Whether a player was good to interview had nothing to do with my gender . I believe they treated me the same way they would 've treated a male reporter who was in my shoes . That 's continued to be my experience in pro locker rooms . I 've never felt threatened . I 've never been harassed . Frankly , I suspect that 's the experience of most female reporters who 've been in pro locker rooms . Most of us have never found ourselves in a situation like the recent one involving members of the New York Jets . -LSB- The owner of the Jets apologized to a TV Azteca reporter following allegations that Jets personnel harassed her at practice this weekend , and she accepted . -RSB- For that , we are grateful . For that , I am grateful . We have our foremothers to thank for much of the progress that has been made in the past three decades , women such as Lesley Visser , Lisa Olson , Melissa Ludtke , Christine Brennan and Michele Himmelberg . When the Association for Women in Sports Media was founded in 1987 , the treatment of female reporters in locker rooms was a huge problem -- if they were even granted locker-room access . Ludtke , then a Sports Illustrated reporter , was prohibited from entering the locker room at the 1977 World Series by Major League Baseball commissioner Bowie Kuhn , which prompted a lawsuit that led a U.S. federal judge to rule that reporters deserve equal locker-room access regardless of gender . Himmelberg battled for equal access from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1979 , then was harassed later that season by male reporters when the Minnesota Vikings banned all reporters from the locker room because of her . And while doing interviews in the New England Patriots ' locker room in 1980 , Olson was surrounded by several players , who made aggressive , vulgar comments . The players were fined , the team 's general manager was fired for trying to cover up the incident , and the resulting firestorm led to death threats . Those women were simply trying to do their jobs . They fought for that right to a fair and equal work environment , and it 's a fight that we must continue to fight . We have come so far , yet we still have so far to go . Women in sports media today may not face such extreme circumstances , but the harassment continues . There are demeaning comments . There are misogynistic jokes . Sometimes those words or actions may not even be directed to a specific female reporter , but they still create a hostile work environment . One day , I hope all female sports reporters will no longer have to face that environment when they enter the locker room . I hope they can focus on the job that they 're there to do . I hope the worse thing that they have to worry about is how much the place smells . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jenni Carlson .	Pioneering women broke the gender barrier in sports coverage , says Jenni Carlson She says interviewing athletes in locker rooms is vital to the job Much progress has been made but some reporters still face harassment , she says
CNN  -- Argentina FA president Julio Grondona has spoken about Carlos Tevez 's absence from Sergio Batista 's squad that faced Portugal on Wednesday , claiming it was a disciplinary measure . Media reports speculated that Tevez was omitted from the side that beat Portugal 2-1 in Switzerland as a favor to his club side Manchester City , ahead of this weekend 's crucial Premier League derby against Manchester United . But Grondona admitted to a radio station that Tevez was left out as a punishment for his attitude in missing last year 's friendly against Brazil in Doha , only to play for City against Fulham just four days later -- scoring twice in the match . Grondona told Radio Pop : "  Tevez 's absence was because of his attitude when he did n't come to play against Brazil and shortly after this he took the field for his club . "  That attitude did n't go down well with the coaching staff , it was a lot easier to tell us that he did n't want to come . " However , Grondona was quick to point out that Tevez was not left out because of his close friendship with former Argentina manager Diego Maradona . "  Tevez 's absence has nothing to do with Maradona , we can not go down that road , " he added . " I want to leave that crystal clear . "	Argentina FA president speaks out about Carlos Tevez 's absence to face Portugal Julio Grondona says Tevez 's omission on Wednesday was a disciplinary measure Grondona claims the coaching staff were unhappy Tevez missed friendly with Brazil Tevez blamed an injury but played for Manchester City against Fulham four days later
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush signed a controversial bill Sunday that temporarily revises federal electronic surveillance laws . "  This law gives our intelligence professionals this greater flexibility while closing a dangerous gap in our intelligence-gathering activities that threatened to weaken our defenses , " Bush said in a written statement issued by the White House . The new law gives the attorney general or the director of national intelligence the authority to approve surveillance of suspected terrorists overseas . The bill went through Congress over the weekend after heavy pressure from the Bush administration , which demanded that lawmakers remain in session until it passed . Congress responded by approving the revisions for six months . The measure updates the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which governs electronic surveillance in intelligence cases . Watch how the House was pressured to pass the bill " "  Over the past three decades , this law has not kept pace with revolutionary changes in technology , " Bush said . "  As a result , our intelligence professionals have told us that they are missing significant intelligence information that they need to protect the country . " Bush sought changes to FISA after a classified ruling by a court set up under the law to hear wiretap requests . That ruling concluded that FISA required a warrant for eavesdropping on communications between people overseas because so many phone calls and e-mails are sent through U.S. switching centers , U.S. officials said . The administration initially proposed to give the authority only to the attorney general , but agreed to add the director of national intelligence after Democrats objected to putting more power into the hands of embattled Attorney General Alberto Gonzales . Top Democratic and Republican senators have accused Gonzales of giving misleading testimony to Congress about a U.S. no-warrant eavesdropping program , the existence of which Bush acknowledged in 2005 . Critics say the program -- which included the monitoring of communications into and out of the United States by people suspected of having links to the al Qaeda terrorist network -- violated FISA . FISA was passed in 1978 after Watergate-era abuses by intelligence and law enforcement agencies that were wiretapping within the country . Early this year , the Bush administration agreed to submit the program to the FISA court . Bush insists the program protects the civil liberties of Americans . But Democrats and the American Civil Liberties Union objected to provisions in the GOP-backed bill that grant the attorney general and the director of national intelligence the authority to approve all wiretaps -- even if one party is in the United States -- with minimal court oversight . Bush said Congress will need to pass a more comprehensive reform bill when it reconvenes in September after its August recess . Congress will be called to address what Bush called "  meaningful liability protection " for those who took part in the eavesdropping program . The ACLU says the administration 's proposals would effectively "  gut " FISA . And Rep. Rahm Emanuel , the third most powerful Democrat in the House , said lawmakers "  are not going to leave Alberto Gonzales as the gatekeeper on American civil liberties . " "  That 's the fundamental problem , and we 're going to fix it when we come back , " Emanuel told reporters Sunday . "  We had to do it . We did what we needed to do . The Democrats are united in fixing this flawed law . " E-mail to a friend	New law gives AG right to OK surveillance of suspected terrorists overseas The director of national intelligence will also have this authority The bill passed Congress over the weekend Critics say the new law makes it possible to abuse Americans ' civil liberties
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Security remains a top concern , as Afghanistan holds its second-ever presidential election Thursday , prompting the government to ask for a ban on media coverage of violence . An Afghan police officer walks near a bank in Kabul where an armed robbery ended in a gunbattle . Afghanistan 's government has ordered the media to refrain from covering possible attacks on election day in an effort to "  ensure the wide participation of the Afghan people . " "  If anybody broadcasts or gives news about any movements or activities of terrorists , domestic media offices will be closed , and foreigners will be kicked out of the country , " according to a statement from Foreign Ministry spokesman Ahmad Zahir Faqiri . He said the order is in line with Afghanistan 's constitution , which allows for such mandates "  in exceptional situations " to protect "  national interest and national security . " Escalating violence in the capital , Kabul , this week has made some Afghans think twice about whether to venture out to vote . "  If we are not at peace , why should we vote , who should we vote for ? " asked Ferishta , 21 , who last weekend lay in a blood-soaked shirt and was connected to an intravenous drip after a suicide bombing . But at least one independent news agency refused to heed a blackout on reports of violence . Restricting media freedoms has no basis in the Afghan constitution , said the Kabul-based Pajhwok News Agency . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul insisted that press freedoms are necessary to ensure credible elections . "  While we recognize the sovereign rights of the Afghan government and note their intention to encourage Afghans to turn out and vote , we believe that free media reporting is directly linked to the credibility of the elections and continue to support the freedom of the press and responsible reporting , " spokeswoman Fleur Cowan said in an e-mail . On the eve of the election , roadside bombs killed three Afghan election workers in the southern province of Kandahar , and four others were killed Tuesday in the northern province of Badakshan , Independent Election Commission of Afghanistan spokesman Noor Mohammad Noor said . Amid the violence , the candidates wrapped up last-minute campaigning with the hope that the elections can showcase their country 's fledgling democracy . "  We 're at a moment of truth , " said Mark Schneider , senior vice president of the International Crisis Group , an independent advisory and analysis organization . An incumbent president and about 40 challengers , including two women , are on the ballot , vying for the votes of what the election commission says are an estimated 17 million registered Afghans against a backdrop of war , graft , poverty and illiteracy . More than 3,000 donkeys , 3,000 cars and three helicopters will traverse harsh terrain to carry voting materials to remote polling stations , the election commission says . And 30 observer groups , domestic and international , will be on hand to help guard against fraud , it says . At the heart of every vote will be the two biggest impediments to progress in one of the poorest nations in the world : stifling corruption and an increasingly bloody Taliban insurgency . International donors are helping pay for the $ 223 million electoral undertaking , and hundreds of U.S. Marines and Afghan soldiers have moved into strife-torn southern Afghanistan to protect voters against possible Taliban attacks . The top U.S. envoy to the region , Richard Holbrooke , expressed optimism that Thursday 's vote would be Afghanistan 's moment to shine . It 's tough to organize elections during a war , he said , but the reality is that violence during elections is commonplace in many parts of the world . "  Afghanistan has never had a contested election , " Holbrooke said . "  So this is a remarkable experiment in democracy and something that Afghanistan needs to give legitimacy to the new government . " That legitimacy has become a key issue in the campaign . Frontrunner President Hamid Karzai 's chief challengers -- former Finance Minister Ashraf Ghani and former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah -- have both lashed out at the incumbent for failing to rein in corruption . In its annual global corruption perception index in 2008 , Transparency International ranked Afghanistan 176 out of 180 countries and said graft is "  a major factor impeding the country 's stability and future growth . " Ghani said the most significant challenge Afghanistan 's next president will face is earning back the trust of the people . "  This government has lost it , " he said in a recent interview . "  There is no sense of trust , not only in the current leadership but in the political class as such . And in the capacity of the state or the international community to improve the lot of our people . " Ghani characterized Karzai as a "  very poor manager " who failed to deal with pressing issues and create any sense of momentum for the nation moving forward . As a guest on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " this month , Ghani said Afghanistan 's corruption had metastasized into a cancer that was "  eating through the society . " Abdullah argued that people 's dissatisfaction with the Karzai government has helped strengthen the insurgency . "  There is no doubt there is a hard-core element in it , " he said . "  But there are thousands of people under the same brand , Taliban , -LSB- who -RSB- have joined the insurgency because of other reasons . " The insurgents are filling a vacuum left by Afghanistan 's Western-backed government , which foreign diplomats and military commanders concede suffers from nepotism , corruption and predatory practices . During a recent political debate , Karzai admitted that corruption was a problem but offered no specific cures . He also has been blamed for what has become the bloodiest summer since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001 . Most polls , however , show Karzai with a commanding lead . Latifa , a Kabul housewife , said she was pleased with Karzai 's stewardship and would vote for him . "  Like raising a child for seven years , in seven years he has helped our Kabul , our Afghanistan , stand on its own two feet , " she said . "  We did n't know an election before ; we had n't seen a parliament . " But can a nation as troubled as Afghanistan carry out fair and free elections ? Some observers of Afghanistan and human rights activists have voiced their doubts . Kai Eide , the United Nations special representative in Afghanistan , said Thursday 's election will be the most difficult he has encountered in his life . Besides the violence and corruption , a weak infrastructure and a high illiteracy rate will add to election woes , he said . The problems were reflected in a new Gallup Poll that found fewer than one in four voting-age Afghans are confident the election will be fair and transparent . Voting in Afghanistan , Eide said , is not yet the kind of democratic expression understood in the West . "  If you look at the well-established democracies in the West , for instance , that 's not possible under these circumstances , " he said . "  But what my objective is that we have credible , inclusive elections where the result will be accepted by the people . That is our level of ambition , and I think we will achieve that . " Eide said that a significant number of polling stations in Helmand , Kandahar , Ghazni and Wardak provinces will not be able to open for security reasons . He said ballots ought to be counted at the polling center itself instead of transporting them elsewhere and increasing the possibility of fraud , encountered in the last election in 2004 . Of the 4.6 million new registered voters , 39 percent are women . So thousands of women had to be employed to search burqa-clad female voters at polling places . Human Rights Watch , however , said this week that the recruitment drive for women began too late and as a result , not enough women will be available for security checks . "  Women voters have been badly let down by their government and its international backers , " said Brad Adams , Asia director for Human Rights Watch . Women 's votes will be closely watched in Afghanistan , where the Taliban regime stripped women of equal rights and education , essentially hurtling them back to the Stone Age . But despite the violence , despite the threats from the Taliban to disrupt the voting , enthusiasm filled the air this week . A campaign rally resembled more a rock concert than a political event in Afghanistan , as Kabul stadium transformed into a sea of blue , Abdullah 's campaign color . Supporters hoisted banners and sported T-shirts emblazoned with Abdullah 's face . Not old enough to vote , another young woman named Ferishta -- this one 15 years old and a beauty school student -- attended a rally for Ghani with many of her classmates . "  We want a president who is peaceful and caring , " she said . "  We do n't want any more bombs . In these bombs , so many Afghans have died , one person 's son , one person 's child . " But no one can predict whether abounding energy will translate into high turnout . Not in a war-ravaged nation . Not when bombs were still exploding just hours before balloting was to begin . CNN 's Atia Abawi , Ivan Watson , Kevin Flower and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Afghan media blackout called amid fresh violence in Kabul Seven Afghan election workers killed by roadside bombs Corruption , insurgency expected to be voters ' top issues President faces major challenges from two of his former ministers
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will meet on U.S. Veterans Day with Chinese President Hu Jintao -- while both men are in South Korea -- as part of a hectic schedule of summit meetings , news conferences and cultural events on his upcoming four-nation trip to Asia , top administration officials said Thursday . The 10-day trip to India , Indonesia , South Korea and Japan encompasses a G-20 summit , an Asia-Pacific Economic Council summit , major holidays in India and Indonesia and bilateral talks with Hu and at least five other leaders , as well as four presidential news conferences , the officials told reporters . It 's all part of an administration focus on Asia as a vital region for expanding trade and fighting terrorism , said Ben Rhodes , the deputy national security adviser for strategic communications . "  If you look at the trend lines in the 21st century , the rise of Asia , the rise of individual countries within Asia , is one of the defining stories of our time , " Rhodes said , later adding , "  We see core U.S. national interests that will be advanced by us playing a key role in helping to shape the future of the region and making clear that we 're an Asian and a Pacific power . " After three days in India to start the trip , Obama heads to Indonesia to meet with President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and attend a state dinner in the nation where he spent part of his childhood . The two-day visit also will include a news conference with Yudyohono , a visit to the Istiqlal Mosque and a public speech at a yet-to-be-determined outdoor venue to the people of the world 's largest Muslim-majority nation , Rhodes said . "  In that speech , he 'll have a chance to talk about the partnership that we 're building with Indonesia , but also to talk about some of the themes of democracy and development and our outreach to Muslim communities around the world , while also speaking of Indonesia 's pluralism and tolerance as well , " Rhodes said . "  While a Muslim majority , it 's a host to a broad religious diversity , so this speech will give the president an opportunity to discuss some of the themes that many of you have heard him talk about and to do so , again , in a country where he can speak to the importance of Indonesia to him , personally , having lived there for several years in Jakarta as a boy , " Rhodes added . The trip to South Korea is for the G-20 summit in Seoul , but also will include the bilateral meeting with Hu and a speech to U.S. troops stationed there on the Veterans Day holiday in the United States . Obama 's talks with Hu will be their seventh bilateral meeting , along with three others the president has held with Chinese Premier Wen Jibao , for an unprecedented amount of top-level contact with China , noted Jeff Bader , the senior director for Asian affairs of the National Security Council . Bader said U.S.-Chinese relations have always included issues of cooperation and contention , and while attention focuses on the points of disagreement , he cited areas of agreement in recent years . "  We established a strategic and economic dialogue , " Bader said . "  We 've been favorable to greater Chinese participation , a greater role in the IMF and World Bank . We 've worked with China , I think , quite well on Iran , on the U.N. Security Council resolution , which was a stronger resolution than anyone I think inside or outside the government would have anticipated when that process started . " Relations with China on other issues , such as climate change and North Korea 's nuclear activities , were "  complicated , " Bader said . He did n't mention U.S. complaints that China 's currency is undervalued , resulting in a trade advantage for Chinese goods over American goods that contributes to the U.S. trade deficit . Obama 's Seoul visit also includes a bilateral meeting with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak and a news conference , Rhodes said . A message of the trip for North Korea will be the benefits to South Korea from its partnership with the United States and the West , according to Rhodes . "  South Korea and North Korea were basically equally developed 60 years ago and now you see a South Korea that is closely allied with the United States , that has embraced democracy , that has embraced open market reforms , is one of the most dynamic , growing economies and powers on the East Asia stage , but also the world stage , as evidenced by hosting the G-20 , " Rhodes said . In Japan , Obama will speak to a CEO Business Summit that is part of the APEC meeting , take part in the APEC events and hold bilateral talks with Prime Minister Naoto Kan of Japan , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard . It will be Obama 's first meeting with Gillard since she became prime minister in August of what Bader called "  a close ally " that has supported the U.S.-led NATO mission in Afghanistan . The trip concludes with a visit to the Great Buddha statue in Yokohama , which Obama visited as a child , Rhodes said . On Wednesday , Rhodes and other officials provided details of the India leg that starts of the trip -- a three-day visit that will include a speech to the Indian Parliament , a state dinner and laying a wreath at the grave of Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi . By starting in India , the president is signaling the importance of relations with a key economic ally , said Bill Burns , the undersecretary of state for political affairs . "  The simple truth is that India 's rise and its strength and progress on the global stage is deeply in the strategic interest of the United States , " Burns said , noting that Obama has called the U.S. relationship with India a "  defining partnership of the 21st century . " According to Rhodes , Obama will attend a business conference in Mumbai and visit the Gandhi Museum , then head to New Delhi for bilateral talks with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the speech to Parliament and the state dinner . The trip also includes a town hall-style meeting with Indian students , a celebration of the Hindu holiday Diwali and a visit to Humayun 's Tomb , an architectural precursor to the Taj Mahal . First lady Michelle Obama will accompany the president in India and Indonesia , while the two first daughters will remain home to continue their schooling , Rhodes said .	The president will visit India , Indonesia , South Korea and Japan Obama will participate in the G-20 and APEC summits The 10-day trip includes bilateral meetings and cultural events
CNN  -- The Saudi Arabian government is objecting to a number of proposed new Internet address endings , including . gay , . bar , . baby and . islam . The country claims the . gay domain would promote homosexuality and would be offensive to "  many societies and cultures . " Saudi Arabia 's Communication and Information Technology Commission  CITC  filed objections to 31 domain extensions , primarily on cultural and religious grounds . The suffixes are some of the 1,927 top-level domain names currently being considered by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers  ICANN  , the organization in charge of managing Internet naming standards . If approved , the dot-extensions would be available for new URLs , joining familiar extensions . com and . org , and country extensions such as . uk . New top-level domains would greatly expand the number of possible website addresses around the world , but getting the world to agree on common terms , trademarks and topics is a complicated undertaking . ICANN opened up the application process to the public , charging $ 185,000 for each nomination , and announced the list of candidates in June . As part of the open-consideration process , third-parties are allowed to file public comments of opposition or support at no cost for these top-level domains , as well as formal objections which cost around $ 2,500 to file . So far , the group has received no formal objections , but 6,185 public comments from individuals , organizations , companies and governments , including 166 from the Saudi Arabian government . "  We are very enthusiastic to promote the objection processes so that everyone is aware of them , " ICANN chief executive Akram Atallah told CNN . "  That 's a very powerful tool , that any individual can comment on an application and potentially stop the delegation process . " ICANN officials wo n't comment on individual applications or complaints , but encourages objections like those made by Saudi Arabia as a key part of the vetting process . "  Many societies and cultures consider homosexuality to be contrary to their culture , morality or religion , " says the CITC in its complaint . The group regulates information technology in Saudi Arabia . The objections filed by Saudi Arabia highlight the cultural issues at play for many of the more controversial domains , including anything having to do with sex , gambling , drinking and religion . When Johnson & Johnson applied for the . baby name , it was likely thinking it was a great way to promote its line of well-known baby products . However , in its complaint , the Saudi Arabian government says the name could be used to host pornographic websites , and that "  pornography undermines gender equality and threatens public morals . " The government uses the same reason in objections to various sex-related top-level domains , including . porn , . sexy , . adult , . hot , . sex , . dating and . virgin . The country is objecting to . islam because the applicant is a private company that "  can not represent the whole or even a majority of the worldwide Muslim community . " It argues that all religious communities should have a say in any approval of any related domain extensions , or they should be banned altogether . It also filed complaints for . catholic and . bible . Saudi Arabia is n't the only government filing complaints with ICANN . American clothing retailer Patagonia has applied for . patagonia , riling up the government of Argentina where the Patagonia region ,  named by Magellan in 1520 , is located . The Royal Australian Navy is objecting to the . oldnavy and . navy extensions due to an Australian law that prohibits anyone not in the navy from using the word without permission .  International trademark disputes are also common , a company name trademarked in one country may belong to an entirely different corporation someplace else , as is the issue with . abc  used by the American Broadcasting Company and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  and . merck. ICANN has set up a detailed system for handling issues for each disputed top-level domain , which includes four types of objection processes , review panels and third-party arbitrators . The full process and resulting applicant guidebook has taken about five years to develop and includes various advisory committees to help represent third-party interests , such as the the Governmental Advisory Committee  GAC  , which advises ICANN on international and local laws . Saudi Arabia does not currently have a representative on the GAC . ICANN estimates the dispute resolution process will take up to 11 months and will include criminal and financial background checks on applicants to ensure they have the knowledge and resources to support the registry . The organization hopes to roll out new names at a pace of 40 a week , according to Atallah , though the exact timing is still to be determined . Companies have a lot of money at stake in this Internet land grab , both brands that want their own vanity domains and the Internet registries that will profit by selling the new URLs . General names are the most sought after , including . app , . inc and . music . The public can submit comments until September 26 and formal complaints though January 2013 .	Government of Saudi Arabia files objection to . gay domain extension Also troubled by other potential domains related to sex , alcohol , gambling and religion ICANN considering 1,930 potential new top-level domains
MONTE CARLO , Monaco -- Russia 's Yelena Isinbayeva has broken her own world record in the women 's pole vault with a leap of 5.04 meters as she warmed up for her Olympic defense . Isinbayeva broke her own women 's pole vault world record on her third attempt in Monaco . The record came at the Monaco Grand Prix on Tuesday on her third and final attempt at the height . Her previous record of 5.03 meters was set in Rome on July 11 . Isinbayeva is the reigning Olympic and world champion . Asafa Powell claimed his third 100 meters success inside a week when he raced clear in his season-best time of 9.82 seconds . Powell shaved 0.06 sec off his previous season-best of 9.88 , set last Tuesday in Stockholm , where he saw off fellow Jamaican and world record holder Usain Bolt . On Tuesday Powell was too hot for Davis Patton of the U.S.  9.98  and Nesta Carter of Jamaica  10.02  , the fourth best time of the season all the more impressive given the calm conditions . "  I am very happy , " said Powell . "  I feel great , very fresh . I 've got a world record in my legs . I am very confident . My goal is to be consistent . " A tough headwind had compromised Powell 's attempts to have a tilt at Bolt 's mark although he still cruised to a weekend victory at the London Grand Prix at Crystal Palace in 9.94 sec . Other Tuesday highlights saw Jamaica 's Melaine Walker set a year mark in the women 's 400m hurdles in clocking 53.48 sec . Walker , who shattered her own personal best of 54.14 in the process , will hope her performance augurs well for the Beijing Games , where Aussie two-time world champion Jana Rawlinson will not be competing owing to a toe injury . Kenyan Daniel Kipchirchir Komen also set a year best mark in the 1500m , crossing the line in 3 min 31.49 sec to take 0.08 sec off compatriot Augustine Kiprono Choge 's June 1 showing in Berlin . The 23-year-old 's win tempered the disappointment of missing out on an Olympic berth . Britain 's Martyn Rooney also improved his personal best in the 400 meters for the second successive race , following up his win in the London Grand Prix with victory in 44.72 seconds . The Monaco Grand Prix was the last major international track and field meeting before the Beijing Olympics which start on August 8 .	Russia 's Yelena Isinbayeva breaks her own women 's world pole vault record Leaps 5.04 meters on her third and final attempt at height at Monaco meeting Jamaican Asafa Powell wins third 100 meters race in a week in 9.82 seconds
CNN  -- At least 60 people were killed and dozens more injured in Iraq on Wednesday during a wave of bombings and shootings , police told CNN . Most of the deaths occurred in Baghdad , where eight car bombs and two roadside bombs detonated in mostly Shiite areas . At least 54 people in the Iraqi capital died in strikes at an outdoor market , outside a coffee shop , near a Shiite mosque , inside a bus station , and at other locations . Sectarian violence between Sunnis and Shiites and political unrest have festered in recent months . In September alone , nearly 1,000 people were killed in violence across Iraq , according to the United Nations . 14 dead in wave of Baghdad bombings 36 killed in blasts targeting Iraqi Shiite Muslims on holy day	NEW : Bombings , shootings raise death count to 60 NEW : Eight car bombs and two roadside bombs detonated in Baghdad Scores of people were injured , police said
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A former transit police officer convicted last year in the shooting death of an unarmed man on an Oakland , California , train platform was freed from prison early Monday morning , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said . "  He was released at 12:01 a.m. , " said spokesman Steve Whitmore . Johannes Mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction , but California law gave him one day of good conduct credit for each of the 365 days he served behind bars , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry said in a court order he signed last week . Mehserle has been behind bars since a Los Angeles jury found him guilty on July 8 , 2010 . Mehserle , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer when the shooting occurred , said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun when he fatally wounded 22-year-old Oscar Grant on New Year 's Day 2009 . Violent protests erupted in Oakland last November when Perry sentenced Mehserle to just two years in prison , which meant he could be released after another seven months . At least 150 people were arrested during the protests , which Oakland Police Chief Anthony Batts described at the time as "  tearing up the city . " See damage caused by protesters Grant 's mother , Wanda Johnson , had asked the judge to sentence Mehserle to the maximum 14 years in prison . She and four other family members who spoke at the sentencing hearing last year called him "  a murderer . " The jury acquitted him of the more serious charges of second-degree murder and voluntary manslaughter . Although his defense attorney argued for probation , Mehserle told Perry before sentencing that he would be willing to go to prison if the sentence made his city and family safer . "  I shot a man , " he said . "  I killed a man . It should not have happened . " A conviction for involuntary manslaughter can carry a sentence of four years , but the judge had the option of adding an "  enhancement " that could have made the sentence 14 years because a firearm was used in commission of a crime . CNN 's Rick Martin , Alan Duke and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Johannes Mehserle walks out of prison early Monday The former BART officer was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Oscar Grant 's death Mehserle served one year of a two-year sentence because of credit for good conduct
Beijing  CNN  -- Xu Zhiyong , a high-profile Chinese activist accused of organizing protests against official corruption , has been convicted and sentenced to four years in prison , a Beijing court announced Sunday . The U.S. State Department immediately released a statement saying the sentence was "  retribution for his public campaign to expose corruption . " Chinese prosecutors alleged that Xu Zhiyong "  gathered a crowd to disturb public order " after a series of small protests . The demonstrators unfurled banners in Beijing calling for officials to publicly declare their assets , said Xu 's lawyer , Zhang Qingfang . Zhang told CNN before Sunday 's announcement from Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People 's Court that they expected a guilty verdict and heavy sentence because of the case 's political nature . He said they would "  definitely appeal . " The trial of Xu -- who founded the New Citizens Movement , which calls for official transparency and rule of law -- attracted widespread attention and authorities have come down hard on international media covering the case . A CNN crew recently was prevented from approaching and filming the courthouse . CNN 's Beijing correspondent , David McKenzie , was kicked , pushed and punched by Chinese security before being forced into a nearby van and driven away . Roseann Rife , an official with rights group Amnesty International , called the verdict "  shameful , but sadly predictable . " "  The Chinese authorities have once again opted for the rule of fear over the rule of law , " Rife said in a statement . "  At best , the injustice of prosecuting Xu Zhiyong is hypocrisy of the highest order . " Lawyer : Xu removed from court A former law lecturer at the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications , Xu has a reputation for taking on groundbreaking legal causes . He has campaigned for death row inmates and families effected by a poisoned milk formula scandal in 2009 . On July 16 , Xu was arrested after spending more than three months under house arrest at his Beijing home . During his trial , Xu tried to read a prepared statement highlighting the goals of the movement and declaring his innocence but was interrupted by the judge when he spoke about wanting top leaders to be transparent about their assets , his lawyer said . "  Calling on officials to reveal their assets was our effort to promote the country 's anti-graft system , " Xu said , according to his lawyer . "  More than 137 countries and regions in the world have established such systems , why ca n't China ? What are those ` people 's servants ' afraid of ? " Authorities removed Xu from the courtroom after he made those remarks , his lawyer said . Xu 's name , ` constitutional rule ' blocked on search engines Well before last week 's trial , Xu had become an international figure as activists and others demanded his release . Outgoing U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke issued a statement saying he was "  deeply concerned that ... the prosecution of  Xu and  other good-governance advocates advocates are retribution for their public campaigns to expose official corruption and for the peaceful expression of their views . " Searches for Xu 's name and "  constitutional rule " were blocked on Chinese microblogs and search engines around the time of his trial . It began amid new and potentially embarrassing revelations about the wealth of China 's elite . The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists reported that close relatives of China 's top leaders own offshore companies in international tax havens . The report said that confidential files showed that President Xi Jinping 's brother-in-law and the son of former Premier Wen Jiabao had set up companies in the British Virgin Islands . While not illegal , the findings shed light on the wealth of the country 's leaders at a time when President Xi is intensifying his campaign against high-level corruption , the report said . CNN 's Katie Hunt and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Sentence is "  retribution , " the State Dept. says He was arrested last summer after three months under house arrest Xu 's lawyer says the guilty verdict was expected and that his client will appeal An Amnesty official calls the conviction "  shameful , but sadly predictable "
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Charles and his wife , Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , arrived Wednesday in Madrid on an official three-day visit to Spain , just under a month before his son , Prince William , is to marry Kate Middleton in London , a British official said . Charles , the Prince of Wales , will meet with members of Spain 's royal family , some of whom will attend the April 29 wedding at Westminster Abbey , a spokeswoman for Spain 's royal household said . The visit also will focus on bilateral commercial relations , cooperation on climate change , opportunities for youth and cultural links , said a statement from Clarence House in London , the prince 's office . Hosts for the visit will be Spain 's Crown Prince Felipe and his wife , Princess Letizia , who will receive the visiting British royalty at the Pardo Palace , on the western outskirts of Madrid , for an opening ceremony with color guard . Pardo Palace is the former residence of the late dictator Francisco Franco and has been used , since Spain 's return to democracy , as lodging for visiting foreign dignitaries . It 's where Prince Charles and Camilla will stay for their two nights in Madrid . Later on Wednesday , Prince Charles will meet the president of Madrid 's regional government and business leaders , members of the British community in Spain and attend a dinner at Spain 's Royal Palace in central Madrid hosted by Prince Felipe . On Thursday , Prince Charles and Camilla will attend a lunch hosted by Spain 's King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia at their residence , the Zarzuela Palace in Madrid . Prince Charles is expected to make brief speeches only twice during the trip , during a toast at the Royal Palace dinner on Wednesday and at Madrid city hall on Thursday morning , said British Embassy officials in Madrid . Britain and Spain have $ 53 billion dollars in bilateral trade , with the trade balance in Spain 's favor , according to Clarence House , which said Prince Charles will engage in "  commercial diplomacy , including trade and investment promotion . " Up to a million British citizens live in Spain full or part-time and millions more visit annually , British officials said . Prince Charles and Camilla began the week with an official visit to Portugal . After two days in Madrid , they will go to Seville on Friday for more official events , and then have a private weekend in southern Spain , before their official visit to Morocco on Monday , Clarence House and British officials in Madrid said . Prince Charles has made two previous official visits to Portugal , 10 to Spain -- most recently for the 2004 wedding of Prince Felipe to Letizia in Madrid -- and two to Morocco . It is the Duchess of Cornwall 's first official visit to Portugal , Spain and Morocco , British officials said .	Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall make an official visit to Spain Their hosts will be Spain 's Crown Prince Felipe and his wife , Princess Letizia Some members of Spain 's royal family will attend the wedding of Prince William
CNN  -- Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands will abdicate her throne to make way for her son Prince Willem-Alexander . She will formally end her reign on April 30 -- the 33rd anniversary of her coronation . "  This does n't mean that I 'm taking leave from you , " she said on Monday in a televised speech announcing the decision . "  I still will be able to meet many of you . I am deeply thankful for the faith that you 've had in me ... in all these years that I 've been able to be queen , " she said . The queen turns 75 on Thursday . She had three children with her husband , Prince Claus , who died in 2002 . The oldest Willem-Alexander will succeed her to the throne . Under the Dutch Constitution the king or queen is head of state but politically neutral . She said Monday : "  I have always considered it as an extraordinary privilege to be able to put a big part of my life at the service of our country and in accordance with my task to add substance to my kingship . "  Prince Claus was a big support for many years . Until today , this beautiful task has given me a lot of satisfaction . It is inspiring to feel close to people , to sympathize in grievances and share times of joy and national pride . " She added : "  It is with great confidence , that on April 30 this year I will pass my kingship to my son , the Prince of Orange . He and Princess Maxima are fully prepared for their future task . They will serve our country with devotion , faithfully serve the constitution , and with all their talents give substance to their kingship . " Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said : "  Anyone who has met the Queen will agree that she touched people and helped them forward with her knowledge and experience and her great interest and involvement . " Read more : Dutch prince suffers brain damage after avalanche	Queen Beatrix to abdicate , handing throne to Prince Willem-Alexander She assured Dutch in televised speech : "  I 'm not taking leave from you " The queen turns 75 on Thursday
CNN  -- Onyango Okech Obama -- an uncle of President Barack Obama who has been in the United States illegally for decades -- has gotten a federal court 's OK to stay in his adopted country , according to an attorney representing the uncle . Federal immigration Judge Leonard I. Shapiro in Massachusetts agreed without argument Tuesday to allow the uncle , who has been living and working in U.S. for 50 years , to stay and obtain a green card , said attorney Margaret Wong . At the hearing , Wong said , the judge looked at Onyango Okech Obama 's character , reviewing his long-term employment with a grocery store in Framingham , Massachusetts , his tax records and his rent payments , and noting that he is not on any government assistance programs . Shapiro also took into account federal immigration law that allows people who came to United States before January 1972 to apply for residency , Wong said , adding that her client has been living in U.S. since October 1963 . "  I 'm relieved , I represented the family for some time and it 's really a relief , " said Wong . In his testimony before the judge , according to Wong , Onyango Okech Obama mentioned that Barack Obama stayed with him for three weeks during the future president 's student days , after he was accepted into law school . Wong called her client a proud , honorable gentleman who is quiet and very nice . In 2011 , Onyango Okech Obama was arrested on drunk driving charges , and ordered to regularly check in with immigration , according to Brian P. Hale , then director of public affairs for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . At the time of that arrest a federal law enforcement source who spoke on the condition of anonymity said the defendant was not legally in the United States and had been previously ordered removed from the country . "  I 'm so thankful that everything is finished , " said Wong . However , federal immigration authorities have 30 days to appeal Shapiro 's ruling .	Onyango Okech Obama is an uncle of President Barack Obama The uncle has lived in the United States without immigration papers for five decades A federal immigration judge notes his character , record of working and paying taxes The judge grants Onyango Okech Obama permission to remain in the U.S.
CNN  -- Germany laid down their World Cup title credentials with a ruthless 4-0 thrashing of 10-man Australia in Durban on Sunday . Australian attacker Tim Cahill was sent off for a dangerous tackle early in the second period when the score was 2-0 . The result put Joachim Low 's injury-hit team top of Group D on goal difference from Ghana , who earlier beat Serbia 1-0 . A late penalty by Asamoah Gyan gave Ghana a deserved victory in the opening Group D match played in Pretoria . Germany 4-0 Australia Forwards Lukas Podolski , Miroslav Klose , Thomas Muller and Cacau all scored for the three-time champions in the most one-sided match of the tournament so far . Who 's creating a World Cup Twitter Buzz ? "  Everything worked well and it is important that things went well in the first game , " Klose told AFP . "  We have earned some respect . You could see that we had fun playing football out there . " The Germans have reached at least the quarterfinal of each of the last seven World Cups and appear destined for another successful tournament after a scintillating display . After Richard Garcia had given Germany an early scare , Joachim Low 's side almost went ahead when Klose was sent racing through on goal , but he fired his shot straight at Australia goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer . Moments later , Muller found space inside the box and pulled the ball back for Podolski , who fired a first-time shot through the palms of Schwarzer and into the roof of the net . Garcia and Jason Culina both had half chances for the Australians before Klose almost gave Germany a 2-0 lead . Playmaker Mesut Ozil , one of the game 's outstanding players , fed the ball to Podolski , whose low cross was fired wastefully wide by the unmarked Klose . But Klose did not have to wait long for his 11th goal in World Cup finals . Lahm whipped in a fine cross from the right and the Bayern Munich striker darted in ahead of Schwarzer before planting his header into the top corner . Australia made a bright start to the second period and were denied a penalty when the ball appeared to strike the hand of Germany defender Per Mertesacker . Moments later Brett Holman worked some space for himself but dragged his left-footed shot wide . After 55 minutes , Australia were reduced to 10 men when Cahill clattered into Bastian Schweinsteiger and was shown a straight red card by Mexican referee Marco Rodriguez . That decision effectively ended the game as a contest and it was no surprise when Germany extended their lead , as Muller swivelled inside the area and planted a low shot off the inside of a post . Brazilian-born substitute Cacau was the next to get on the scoresheet , turning in a low cross from Ozil . Low 's men cruised their way through the rest of the match to record their sixth straight victory in the opening game of a World Cup . Ghana 1-0 Serbia Striker Gyan , who plays for French club Rennes , emphatically converted the winner from the spot past Vladimir Stojkovic in the 84th minute to the obvious delight of the partisan crowd . The victory was the first by an African team at this year 's World Cup . Ghana were awarded their penalty after Serbia substitute Zdravko Kuzmanovic needlessly hand-balled a cross which looked to be drifting harmlessly out of his team 's penalty area . Amid delirious celebrations of the African supporters in the Loftus Versfeld Stadium , Serbia struggled to find an equalizer and it was Ghana , the four-time African champions , who should have made it 2-0 before the final whistle . Ghana -- popularly known as the Black Stars -- started the match at a high tempo and created chances throughout the match , never allowing the Serbian defense to settle . This attacking pattern was set early on when Rosenborg midfielder Anthony Annan volleyed the ball wide after two minutes and Ghana 's captain John Mensah headed a free kick wide of the far post in the 19th minute . Ghana continued to press forward in the second half and came closest to scoring when Gyan rose high above the Serbian defense meeting a long throw from John Pantsil , only to head the ball just wide of Stojkovic 's left post . Serbia created fewer chances than their opponents but probably had the better opportunities to score . CNN 's World Sport blog The giant Serbia striker Nikola Zigic should have given his country the lead in the 58th minute when he met Dejan Stankovic 's cross at the far post but his control let him down and the ball dribbled away to safety . And later , when Serbia had been reduced to 10 men after Aleksandar Lukovic received his second yellow card in the 73rd minute , Serbia squandered a fantastic opportunity to break the deadlock . Striker , Danko Lazovic broke away from Fulham 's John Pantsil on the left goal-line and managed to cut the ball back into the middle of the area which Milos Krasic then struck fiercely at goalkeeper Richard Kingson , who parried the ball to safety . The resulting corner saw Manchester United 's Nemanja Vidic narrowly head over the crossbar . Serbia meet Germany next Friday in Port Elizabeth , while Ghana play Australia in Rustenburg on Saturday .	Germany thrash Australia 4-0 in their opening game of the 2010 World Cup Strikers Klose , Podolski , Muller and Cacau all score goals in Durban rout Australia talisman Tim Cahill is sent off for dangerous tackle in second half Ghana beat Serbia 1-0 in opening Group D match with late penalty by Asamoah Gyan
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Wendell Potter knows a little something about the health care industry 's practices and is not afraid of to speak out as the health care reform debate heats up around the country . Wendell Potter once was a vice president in the public relations department for insurance giant Cigna . The former vice president of corporate communications at insurance giant Cigna , who left his post , says the industry is playing "  dirty tricks " in an effort to manipulate public opinion . "  Words matter , and the insurance industry is a master at linguistics and using the hot words , buzzwords , buzz expressions that they know will get people upset , " he told CNN Wednesday . Now a senior fellow on health care for the watchdog group Center for Media and Democracy , Potter writes a blog on health care reform . He is focusing on efforts to defeat legislation supporting a government health care plan -- something he supports . In early July , Potter testified before the Senate Commerce Committee , telling senators that "  I know from personal experience that members of Congress and the public have good reason to question the honesty and trustworthiness of the insurance industry . " Potter described how underwriters at his former company would drive small businesses with expensive insurance claims to dump their Cigna policies . Industry executives refer to the practice as "  purging , " Potter said . "  When that business comes up for renewal , the underwriters jack the rates up so much , the employer has no choice but to drop insurance , " Potter had said . In an e-mail to CNN , Cigna spokesman Chris Curran denied the company engages in purging . "  We do not practice that . We will offer rates that are reflective of the competitive group health insurance market . We always encourage our clients to compare our proposed rates to those available from other carriers , " Curran wrote . But now , Potter is back in Washington at the invitation from Rep. Louise Slaughter , D-New York . He is questioning insurance companies ' public relations tactics -- and says some of the questions from town hall meetings are familiar . Watch more on the health care reform debate " "  People talk about the government takeover of the system ... that 's a buzz term that comes straight out of the insurance industry , " he said . A Cigna spokesman would not comment directly on Potter 's accusations . Instead , the company released a written statement saying officials agree that health care reform is needed . But the statement went on to say that officials do n't see how a government-sponsored plan can accomplish that . But Potter 's concerns fall right in line with the Democrats ' strategy of hitting insurance companies hard this summer . Republicans argue that insurance companies are n't solely to blame for the health care crisis , noting that many of their constituents are perfectly happy with the current system . The Democratic Party is also dealing with a group of fiscally conservative members known as "  Blue Dogs " who are worried over the high costs of the health care plans being bandied about . Slaughter says that the concerns over a government option may be set up to "  try and protect one industry " -- referring to the health insurance industry . Potter insists he has no agenda -- just a deep passion for the issue . "  This is hard to do . It 's scary to do something like this . I do n't think I 'm any more courageous than anybody but I feel I had to do this . " Potter also has said he decided to resign in 2007 after Cigna 's controversial handling of an insurance claim made by the family of a California teenager , Nataline Sarkysian . The Sarkysian family made repeated appeals at news conferences for Cigna to approve a liver transplant for the 17-year-old , who had leukemia . Cigna initially declined to cover the operation , then reversed its decision . Sarkysian died hours after the company 's reversal . CNN 's Jim Acosta and Bonnie Knapp contributed to this report .	Wendell Potter is a former vice president at insurance giant Cigna Potter says insurance companies use key buzzwords as scare tactics Potter also testified on his company 's practice of ` purging ' Cigna spokesman denies claims that the company engages in patient purging
CNN  -- Money has changed the game of golf -- and for the better , says Jack Nicklaus . The golfing legend , who holds the record for the most PGA major tournament wins , heartily approves of the big money that top players command and vast prize pots available to them . "  When we played , we had to play to win , to make a name , so that we could go make a living , " Nicklaus told CNN . "  We did n't make a living playing golf . Today ... we 've got a couple of hundred guys who can actually make a living on the golf course , which is kind of neat . They do n't have to go out and do a bunch of other things to be able to take care of their families . " After a professional career that lasted more than 40 years , Nicklaus now plays golf only once or twice a month . "  I 'm done playing golf . And my record is there . And do I enjoy it when I play ? Yeah sure . I enjoy it when I play . I have fun . But most of my efforts now are basically with my business . " Designing golf courses is Nicklaus ' business , and China is a large part of where his company , Nicklaus Design , is finding opportunities . Talking at Pine Valley , a vast Nicklaus-designed 45-hole course outside of Beijing , Nicklaus believes that China will be home to future champions as well as millions of recreational players . "  I was asked a question when I was here on a trip . And it was before golf became an Olympic sport . And they said , ` Jack , do you ever see a time when you will see a Chinese player maybe be one of the top 10 players of the world ? ' " "  I said , ' I wo n't be surprised in 10 or 15 years to see maybe half of the players in the world , come from this part of the world . ' Because I do believe that they will . I think you 're going to have a tremendous amount of players come from over here . " Nicklaus also believes golf 's becoming an Olympic event at the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games in 2016 will give the game a boost , especially in countries like China and Brazil that are relatively new to the sport . "  Will the gold medal ever compete with the Masters , the U.S. Open , the British Open ? Well , if you look at it , the rest of the world has never ever really worried too much about those . Now these emerging golf countries , you know what 's big in these countries ? Gold medals . The gold medal for the Olympics golf will be a major , major event . "  The Olympics are going to change the game from being an elitist sport to being an everyday , everyman 's sport . "	Nicklaus ' professional career lasted more than 40 years He now plays golf only once or twice a month His company , Nicklaus Design , designs golf courses Golf becomes an Olympic sport in 2016 at the Rio de Janeiro Games
CNN  -- An update rolling out Tuesday for the Xbox Live network aims to do what Microsoft has been teasing for a while -- turn a platform designed primarily for video games into one that will be the major hub for all television viewing . Microsoft promises the update , which it calls "  the future of TV , " can "  transform every Xbox 360 into an all-in-one device to enjoy your entertainment . " "  The update is another huge step toward realizing our vision of bringing you all your entertainment , shared with the people you care about , in an easy way , " Marc Whitten , Microsoft 's corporate vice president for Xbox Live , wrote on the official Microsoft blog . The Xbox was the first gaming console to include Netflix and has since added entertainment partners such as ESPN , Hulu Plus , AT&T U-verse and last.fm . But Microsoft , hoping a bevy of new apps will up the ante , is adding content from 40 new partners while making existing content easier to view . One of the free update 's key new features will be a voice-control interface that will let users retrieve videos , television channels , games or other content simply by asking for it . The feature combines the Xbox 360 's hands-free Kinect system with technology from Microsoft 's Bing search engine to hunt down the content . Primarily billed as a gaming tool , Kinect uses a 3-D video camera and voice recognition to let the user interact with the TV screen without a controller . The new partners , or updated apps , to be unveiled Tuesday include content from ESPN , Hulu , Netflix and MSNBC in the United States . In the coming weeks and months , Xbox will add YouTube , Best Buy 's CinemaNow , HBO Go , Major League Baseball and Comcast 's Xfinity On Demand . Time Warner , HBO 's parent company , also owns CNN . Microsoft said the update will also add social features , from voting on who you think will win the big game to tools letting you notify friends when you 're tackling a multiplayer game they can join . At a time when technology heavyweights such as Apple and Google are trying to gain footholds in the interactive TV market , some analysts are saying Microsoft has become the player to beat . "  Microsoft has just built and delivered it : A single box that ties together all the content you want , made easily accessible through a universal , natural , voice-directed search , " wrote James McQuivey of Forrester Research . "  This is now the benchmark against which all other living room initiatives should be compared . " With 57 million Xbox 360s already in folks ' living rooms , and 35 million of them connected to Xbox Live , McQuivey predicts that adoption of the new features "  will spread quickly and with devastating effect . "	Xbox Live update promises an all-in-one device for TV viewing Apps , including content from 40 new partners , will improve TV and video , Microsoft says Xbox 360 's Kinect system will let users surf channels through voice control and gestures There are 57 million Xbox 360s sold and 35 million users connected to Xbox Live
CNN  -- You 'd be hard-pressed to find a major sporting event these days without its own dedicated smartphone app . No longer is it enough to simply watch the action , devoted fans are now demanding a blow-by-blow account , interactive maps and player profiles all in the palm of their hands . For young fans especially , such apps have become the must-have accessories -- and British golfing bosses have finally caught on . For the first time in six years , spectators will be able to use their mobile phones at the Open Championship this summer after organizers lifted a ban on Monday . Mobiles had been barred at the golf season 's third of four major tournaments -- this year to be held at Royal Lytham & St. Annes -- since 2006 after players complained about distracting ringtones . But ruling body the R&A has now relaxed the ban for the July 15-22 event , and fans will be able to make calls in designated areas -- though photography and video recording is still banned . And to coincide with this , the tournament now offers its own mobile experience . "  We are offering spectators access to an enhanced range of apps for Android , iPhone and iPad that will offer live video of play and other attractions at The Open and will keep them up to date with essential championship information including scoring , tee times , news and an interactive course guide , " R&A chief executive Peter Dawson said on the R&A website . "  There is no denying the attachment people feel to their mobile phones both in terms of gathering information and staying in touch with family and friends . We understand this and allowing their use at the championship will enrich The Open experience . " The decision follows a PGA Tour announcement in February last year that ithe U.S. circuit would finally be lifting its phone ban . After allowing mobiles at five test events , chief of operations Andy Pazder said at the time : "  Allowing mobile devices on-site at Tour events was a tremendous fan enhancement , and did not affect the integrity of the competition . " However , the phone rules only apply to PGA Tour events , not the other three majors -- the Masters , U.S. Open or PGA Championship . The R&A said it will continue to monitor the decision . "  We understand there will be concerns over this change in policy but we will be liaising with spectators at the championship to ensure calls are not taking place near play , " Dawson said . "  Our spectators are very knowledgeable and understand golf , and so we are confident they will respect the players . "	Young tech-savvy sports fans increasingly reliant on smartphone apps Spectators able to use mobiles at British Open for first time in six years after ban lifted R&A bosses hope new phone rules will increase uptake of Open Championship apps Decision follows U.S. PGA Tour , which lifted its phone ban last year
CNN  Protests are gaining steam in Baltimore after a man died from a devastating injury he allegedly suffered while in police custody . Demonstrators have vowed they 'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice . To start , protesters say they 're looking for answers about what happened to Freddie Gray , and why . But it seems like the questions in the controversial case just keep growing . Protesters rallied at Baltimore City Hall on Thursday , and another march is planned for Saturday . Here 's a look at key issues protesters are asking about : Police say when Gray saw police on April 12 , he started running . Within minutes , they caught up with him and arrested him after finding a knife in his pocket . Protesters have echoed the claims of the Gray family 's attorney , who argues that police did n't have any probable cause to pursue him , but chased him for "  running while black . " Baltimore Police union attorney Michael Davey told reporters Wednesday that officers had every right to chase Gray . "  There is a Supreme Court case that states that if you are in a high-crime area , and you flee from the police unprovoked , the police have the legal ability to pursue you , and that 's what they did , " he said . "  In this type of an incident , you do not need probable cause to arrest . You just need a reasonable suspicion to make the stop . " An autopsy says Gray died from a severe spinal cord injury . His family says his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and later died . Police say they spotted Gray , gave chase , caught him , cuffed him and requested a "  wagon " to transport him in less than four minutes . The transport van left with Gray about 11 minutes afterward , police said , and another 30 minutes passed before "  units request paramedics to the Western District to transport the suspect to an area hospital . " Protesters want to know exactly what happened in those 30 minutes , and say it 's clear police used too much force when Gray was in their custody . Investigators still have n't said what happened inside the van . Union officials from the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 3 say something happened inside the vehicle , but they do n't know what . Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts told CNN affiliate WJZ that another prisoner inside the van said he did n't see any harm done to Gray . "  What he has said is that he heard Freddie thrashing about , " Batts said . "  The driver did n't drive erratically , was n't slamming on breaks , was n't turning corners fast or in an irrational way . " Five of the six officers involved in Gray 's arrest have provided statements to investigators , the Baltimore Police Department said Wednesday . "  They have completely cooperated with the investigation from Day 1 , " Davey told reporters . But details of what the officers said have n't been released yet by authorities . Neither have the officers ' personnel records or photos . Police say doing that would violate the law . The lack of details a week and a half after the incident is fueling cries from the public , and the lawmakers who represent them . Protesters say police should be releasing what they know now . Baltimore Police officials say they 're being as transparent as they can about the case while their criminal investigation is ongoing . And they say they plan to hand over details from the investigation to the State Attorney 's Office next week . Some protesters say the officers should be charged with murder for Gray 's death . Officials say an investigation is ongoing , and all the officers involved have been suspended with pay . At this point , it is n't clear whether any charges will be filed . The U.S. Justice Department is also investigating the case . The police union said it 's 100 % behind the officers and compared protesters to a lynch mob , accusing them of calling for charges against officers without knowing the facts of the case or giving them a day in court . "  There is , at this time , no indication of any criminal activity whatsoever , " the union 's statement said , "  but our support will not waiver for any reason . " Gray 's case is getting a lot of attention . But protest organizers say it 's emblematic of a broader problem . Some protesters say it 's not the only time they 've seen police brutality on the streets of their city . Long before they took to the streets to demonstrate over Gray 's death , some of them had already been at city hall , voicing their concerns over other cases . "  Right now there 's a lot of mistrust . They feel it 's us versus them , " Baltimore City Council President Jack Young said . "  It should not be that way and it needs to be fixed . " According to the Baltimore Sun , the city has paid more than $ 5.7 million since 2011 for more than 100 cases involving allegations of police wrongdoing . Police did n't admit fault in any of the cases . The police union said in a statement on Wednesday that the reason for the settlements was simple : City officials believe lawsuits are too costly . "  Let us be clear , we completely disagree with this policy , as many of these cases are settled without concern for the facts but , rather , to avoid the high cost of defending a potential lawsuit . We believe that these cases should be decided in court where proper time and attention can be given , " the union said . "  The ease of settlement , and substantial award amount , has led to the unjustified perception of an increase in brutality complaints . " CNN 's Dana Ford , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Suzanne Malveaux , Jake Tapper , Miguel Marquez , Brian Todd , Polo Sandoval , Justin Lear , Jason Carroll and Patrick Cornell contributed to this report .	Freddie Gray 's death has fueled protests in Baltimore Demonstrators accuse police of using too much force and say officers should face charges
London  CNN  Congolese immigrant Tarsis Mboma Thale has a small business selling T-shirts in Johannesburg , South Africa . Thale 's job normally requires him to walk the streets of the city he has called home for the past few years . But at the moment , he says , this is not an option . Because he is simply too afraid . The reason is a wave of anti-immigrant violence that has swept the country in recent days , leaving several dead as authorities scrambled to detain those responsible and prevent further bloodshed . The cause of this surge in violence is murky , with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the Zulu king , local media reported , others saying a labor dispute between locals and foreigners back in March turned nasty . Unemployment in impoverished areas has also been a factor . The violence has caused thousands of immigrants to seek refuge at police stations and shelters . Thale fears he 'll be attacked if he goes to work . "  I 'm scared to go to town because I do not know when these people can attack and it 's stressful for me , " he told CNN . "  We 're close to month end -- how am I going to pay the rent and feed my wife ? " CNN spoke to several immigrants living and working in South Africa about the crisis , which has caused South African President Jacob Zuma to postpone an overseas visit and left authorities scrambling to prevent further clashes . On Tuesday the country 's Defense Minister said South Africa would deploy troops to areas where police spread too thin in order to halt the attacks . Zimbabwe immigrant Stanley Ndlovu says he is so frightened he dare not venture outside , not even to go to the local mall . He works in Johannesburg as a cleaner and gardener , and also runs a small tuck shop where workers can buy food and basic supplies at his place of work . It 's a role he hears many South Africans say should belong to them alone . He feels the South African government has been far too slow to respond to the violence , which has erupted intermittently in various cities over the past few years . "  To stop violence they need to arrest and sentence the perpetrators , " he says . Meanwhile , Eric Kalonji left the Democratic Republic of Congo and arrived in the South African capital in 2012 , working as a waiter until the restaurant he worked at closed in January . Now devoting himself to his studies in New Zealand , he feels that the situation in South Africa is more complex than a simple case of "  us versus them . " He believes the blame lies heavily on what he calls the government 's failure to provide its people with jobs and education . "  This xenophobia thing is the result of a deeper malaise  in  South Africans " he says . "  A better policy from the government should be empowering the people with wider access to education so that they will qualify for the jobs that they say they deserve . " OPINION : Labeling South Africa turmoil ` xenophobia ' scapegoats poor blacks Kodwo Amissah Benyi , a hotel receptionist originally from Ghana , now lives in the town of Louis Trichardt in South Africa 's Limpopo province . He 's far from the worst of the violence , but still close enough to follow the news with alarm . "  I fear it may spread because I do n't know what may spark unrest , " he said . However he praised the government 's response to the attacks . "  The government is in crisis mode and Pretoria  the South African government  is responding well by verbally condemning the attacks and showing force on the ground , " he said .	Wave of deadly anti-immigrant violence has caused thousands to flee their homes in South Africa Immigrants fear further attacks despite clamp down by authorities "  How am I going to pay the rent and feed my wife ? " says one man
CNN  -- Ray Price , the Nashville star whose trademark "  shuffle " beat became a country music staple , has died at age 87 , his agent said Monday . Price 's 1956 single "  Crazy Arms " spent 20 weeks atop the country charts and introduced a bass-driven , four-four rhythm that became a touchstone of the Nashville sound -- a rhythm later dubbed the "  Ray Price beat . " "  Ray expanded country music to the masses , " Bobby Roberts , Price 's agent , said in a written statement . "  He was a true gentleman that absolutely cared about his fans . " He had started singing while in veterinary school , after coming back to Texas from World War II . His first records drew little notice , but he caught the attention of Hank Williams , who took Price on tour with him in 1951 and brought him to Nashville , where he began to sing with the Grand Ole Opry . Price "  had one of the greatest voices in country music history as well as a great sense of humor , " Roberts said . His other hits included "  Heartaches by the Number " in 1959 , a heavily orchestrated 1967 version of the traditional "  Danny Boy " and the Kris Kristofferson-penned "  For the Good Times " in 1970 . Price was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in November 2012 , according to the Country Music Hall of Fame , which inducted him in 1996 . He died Monday afternoon , Roberts said . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The 1956 song "  Crazy Arms " introduced what 's now dubbed the "  Ray Price beat " Price died Monday at age 87 after battling cancer He started singing during veterinary school ; Hank Williams took him on tour in 1951
CNN  -- Does anyone really want to be Fernando Alonso 's teammate at Ferrari ? Okay , it wo n't be like it was with Michael Schumacher between 1996 and 2006 when he was the undisputed number one in the team , but whoever ends up there will be playing -- at best -- second fiddle . Perhaps that 's one of the reasons why Mark Webber , who was touted as a possible Ferrari driver , has signed up to race alongside two-time Formula One champion Sebastian Vettel for another year at Red Bull . Webber led for much of the 2010 world championship only to lose out to Vettel at the season 's end , but last year he was completely overshadowed : one win to the German 's 11 , and that came in the final grand prix when his younger teammate had a gearbox problem and let him through . This year , though , he 's had the measure of Vettel -- he 's 16 points ahead in second place overall after heading off Alonso and Vettel to win the British Grand Prix , and he 's arguably getting on better with this year 's Red Bull . Webber pips Alonso to take British Grand Prix You 'd put your money on the Australian having a better race than his 25-year-old colleague at this weekend 's German Grand Prix . And that 's before you look at Vettel 's record in his home event , which consists of two podiums , but no win . Rewind to 2009 , and this race is where Webber won his very first grand prix at the age of 32 -- though that year it was held at Nurburgring ; this weekend it will be at Hockenheim , as the venues alternate . Red Bull 's designer Adrian Newey admitted that Webber was absolutely gutted to miss the championship in 2010 , so much so that he brought some of that negative feeling into the next season . However , the reason for his troubles last year were even more basic than that . The winning Formula for success ? 2011 was the year of the exhaust-blown diffuser -- a system whereby the designers managed to get the exhausts to "  blow " over the rear diffuser even when the driver did n't have their foot on the throttle . This created a significant amount of downforce and extra grip , meaning the cars cornered like they were on rails and the drivers got less feedback through the steering wheel . Webber was n't a fan , unlike Vettel -- who changed his style to suit the new characteristics . Not only did Webber struggle to get the best out of the super-grippy car , but he also found the Pirelli tires difficult . If you 're up against one of the best drivers in the world as your teammate , you do n't need problems like that . Sure enough he was regularly over half a second off Vettel 's pace , and that -- in F1 terms -- is an age . Webber signs one-year Red Bull extension This year the exhaust-blown diffusers have been banished from the sport , as have Webber 's troubles . Yes , the Pirelli tires continue to confound the drivers because of their complexity , but what the 35-year-old does have is that "  feel " back from the steering wheel . It may sound like a weak excuse , but in order to gain that last percent of performance in F1 , drivers need to balance the car on a knife-edge . If you are n't aggressive enough you 'll tumble down the time sheets ; if you fall the other side of the blade , you 'll rumble into the barriers . Part of that balance is being able to feel every minute detail of what the car is . Unlike 2011 , this year is not all about the speed of the Red Bull , though . The German Grand Prix will not just be a two-horse race between Webber and Vettel . Webber wins Monaco Grand Prix Ferrari has managed to transform its car into a competitive machine after a slow start to the season , and McLaren should improve following a "  crisis meeting " after the British Grand Prix . Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button finished down in eighth and 10th at Silverstone , soundly beaten by both the Lotus cars , which is not where they expected to be . There 's a limit to what a team can do in two short weeks in order to turn their fortunes around , but McLaren is the best in the business when it comes to in-season development . When the lights go out at the start of the race on Sunday , Webber will -- qualifying problems aside -- be feeling confident . And rightly so .	Mark Webber is coming out from behind the shadow of teammate Sebastian Vettel Red Bull 's veteran Australian is second in the world championship standings He signed a new one-year contract after winning the British Grand Prix two weeks ago Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso leads drivers ' standings ahead of Sunday 's German Grand Prix
CNN  -- When film director Kevin Smith tweeted about getting kicked off a Southwest Airlines flight on Saturday , the airline responded in less than 20 minutes . "  Dear @SouthwestAir - I know I 'm fat , but was Captain Leysath really justified in throwing me off a flight for which I was already seated ? " Smith tweeted at 6:52 p.m. " @ThatKevinSmith hey Kevin ! I 'm so sorry for your experience tonight ! Hopefully we can make things right , please follow so we may -LSB- direct message -RSB- ! " the airline responded at 7:08 p.m. . The airline contacted Smith personally to apologize for bumping the director of "  Clerks " off a standby flight , accommodated him on a later flight , and sent him a $ 100 travel voucher for his inconvenience . Southwest did not immediately return calls or a Twitter message for comment but posted a statement on its blog apologizing to Smith and explaining its "  Customer of Size " policy , which "  requires passengers that can not fit safely and comfortably in one seat to purchase an additional seat while traveling . " Kevin Smith ` too fat ' to fly Southwest But if Kevin Smith were , say , John Smith , who worked in Muncie , Indiana , instead of Hollywood , California , would he have gotten the same response to his tweets ? "  If the company is actively using social media -- and I think that most companies are using social media -- I think the consumer stands a great chance of hearing directly from the company and being engaged and having their issues resolved , " said Steve Loucks , vice president of communications for Travel Leaders , a large travel agency network . Southwest has more than a million followers on Twitter . Loucks believes the majority of travel companies now are using sites including Twitter and Facebook to get feedback from their consumers . "  If someone feels they are not being heard , social media is a very visible way to tell your friends , the people that follow you , that you 're not happy and hopefully the company will be paying attention , " Loucks said . Adam Ostrow , editor-in-chief of social media site Mashable.com , says many big brands are starting to dedicate entire teams to social media monitoring , because they know it 's important to respond quickly to negative comments before they become a public relations nightmare . Yet there 's a difference , Ostrow said , between responding and being able to fix the problem . "  For example , if you tweet that your plane has been stuck on the runway for four hours , JetBlue can respond to you , but they 're likely not in a position to do anything about getting your plane off the ground , " Ostrow said . JetBlue , which was n't involved in the Kevin Smith incident , is one of the most followed airlines , with more than 1.6 million followers on Twitter . JetBlue has six people who watch the airline 's social media presence . The team rarely handles issues personally -- instead directing customers to the right resource for their complaints or questions . "  We consider ourselves more of an information booth rather than a customer service counter , " public communications manager Morgan Johnston said . Johnston says all JetBlue customers are equally important , but someone with a larger voice may get noticed , and responded to by the team , faster . Ostrow recommends using the company 's Twitter name in your complaint to get noticed , as most teams are set up to monitor for these mentions . He also suggests keeping your character count short so that others can easily retweet and share their own thoughts on the issue . In her Mashable article "  HOW TO : Get Your Feedback Heard on Social Networks , " media director Mollie Vandor offers additional tips . "  First , always remember that the person on the other end of Twitter is , well , a person , " Vandor writes . "  Patience is key . You will get a better response if you give your recipient some time to look into the issue before they respond . " She also suggests avoiding people at the top of the company , instead looking for people who mention user experience , community or support on their Twitter profiles . Most of all , it 's important to hit the normal channels first before going on a social media rant , Travel Leaders ' Loucks said -- give the system time to work and only try the more high profile online complaints if the company does n't respond satisfactorily . "  We 'd want to know about it not only because we want happy customers but because we want to make sure that that never happens again . "	Kevin Smith gets quick response to his complaint about Southwest Airlines Travel experts say other customers can get the same response Use replies on Twitter to get better feedback , industry insiders say
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Some 80 years after its first launch , the iconic board game of Monopoly has finally released its first African city edition . A Lagos-themed version of the popular real estate game was unveiled earlier this week , making Nigeria 's bustling economic capital the first city in the continent to have a dedicated Monopoly edition . "  Lagos is special , it 's a megacity , one of the fastest-growing cities in Africa , " says Nimi Akinkugbe , head of Bestman Games which is distributing the Lagos edition . "  But apart from that , Lagos also holds a very special place for Nigerians all over the world . There are about 15 million Nigerians in the diaspora who are very nostalgic about Lagos ; it 's not just for Lagosians but for people all over the world , " she adds . Read related : Lagos of the future The affluent Banana Island , a man-made waterfront community boasting multi-million dollar mansions and manicured lawns , was revealed as the game 's most expensive property , joining Boardwalk in the standard U.S. edition and Mayfair in the London version . Many of the squares for the game 's upmarket locations feature sponsorship from banks , radio stations and shopping centers . In contrast , the square dedicated to the floating shantytown of Makoko , which is the cheapest piece of real estate in the Lagos edition of the game , was left unsponsored . Watch video : Monopoly adds first African city Local officials were heavily involved in bringing Monopoly to the sprawling metropolis of some 15 million people . Their goal was partly to promote the city 's rich history and landmark sites but also to encourage responsible behavior and inform citizens about laws that are often overlooked . "  You 've been caught driving against traffic . Report for psychiatric evaluation , " is the message on one Chance card , which issues a fine -- in line with the laws introduced recently by the local government to deal with the city 's major traffic problem . Read related : Africa 's daily commuting grind Another card reads : "  For using the overhead pedestrian bridge on Worodu Road , move forward three spaces . " Akinkugbe explains that many lives have been lost as people tend to cross the express highway by running across the road . "  By rewarding the person that uses the overhead bridge by moving forwards three spaces , slowly it begins to sink in , " she says . And there are also references to Nigeria 's corruption problem : "  For attempting to bribe a law enforcement agent , pay a fine , " says another card . "  This gives us an opportunity to educate the public about those things , " says Akinkugbe . " -LSB- It 's about -RSB- penalizing negative behavior and rewarding good behavior but in a fun and enjoyable way . We all know that learning through play is one of the most powerful forms of learning because it is not forced but is done in a relaxed , easy way . " Akinkugbe says that two other African countries -- South Africa and Morocco -- have a version of Monopoly , but Lagos is the only city in the continent to have its own edition . She says that the Lagos game was sold out within 24 hours of its release , as about 4,000 people got their hands on it . "  Thousands of Nigerian families they are going to be playing Monopoly over Christmas , having a good laugh and learning at the same time , and just appreciating the city , " she says . The first patented version of Monopoly was launched in the United States in 1935 at the height of Great Depression . It has since become arguably the most popular board game in the world , with several localized editions released over the years .	Lagos is the first African city to get its own edition of Monopoly The city 's Banana Island named the equivalent of Boardwalk - the game 's most expensive property Local authorities were involved in the game to promote the city and educate the city 's population
CNN  -- James "  Whitey " Bulger lived "  a relatively comfortable lifestyle " with his girlfriend for the 16 years he was a fugitive , including numerous gambling trips to Las Vegas , according to a government document filed in his case Monday . Bulger , 81 , and Catherine Elizabeth Greig , 60 , were arrested Wednesday after he was lured out of his Santa Monica , California , apartment by an FBI ruse . The alleged East Coast mobster , who was on the FBI 's Top 10 Most Wanted list , faces charges in 19 mob-related murders . The U.S. Attorney 's office in Boston , where Bulger is being prosecuted , filed a response Monday to his request that the federal government pay for his defense because of his lack of money . Agents found $ 822,198 in cash -- "  much of it in packages containing $ 100 bills that were bundled together and hidden inside a wall in the apartment " -- when they searched his home last week , prosecutors said . Bulger "  waived his Miranda rights " and told agents who were taking him back to Boston that he had been "  a frequent traveler as a fugitive . " "  Bulger acknowledged visiting Las Vegas on numerous occasions to play the slots and claimed he won more than he lost , " the filing said . "  Bulger also admitted traveling to San Diego and then crossing over into Tijuana to purchase medicines . " Bulger told FBI agents he traveled back to Boston "  on several occasions while ` armed to the teeth ' because he ` had to take care of some unfinished business , ' " the document said . Bulger refused to tell the agents any details of his Boston visits , it said . The government also said Bulger admitted to stashing cash away "  with people he trusted , " although he would not identify them , it said . Prosecutors suggested that Bulger 's brother , William Bulger , "  might also be willing to pay for an attorney to represent his brother . " They asked the court to require him to submit an affidavit before a decision is made . James Bulger can not be trusted to tell the truth about his finances , the government argued . "  He has every incentive to lie and stick the taxpayers with the bill for his defense , " prosecutors said . "  Accordingly , the court should not simply rely on Bulger 's own claims of indigence but instead should make further inquiry on this matter by requiring sworn affidavits from the defendant 's brothers , William and John . "	Bulger admitted to agents that he took trips to Vegas , Boston and Mexico , document says Investigators found $ 822,198 cash hidden in the walls of his home , filing says The document was filed by prosecutors who say Bulger should pay his own legal fees
CNN  -- A former justice of the peace and his wife have been indicted on charges of capital murder in the killings of two Texas prosecutors and the wife of one , authorities announced Thursday . The Kaufman County Grand Jury presented the indictments charging Eric Lyle Williams and his wife , Kim Lene Williams , in the deaths of Assistant District Attorney Mark Hasse , District Attorney Michael McLelland and Cynthia McLelland , the current district attorney , Erleigh Norville Wiley , said in a statement . Hasse was killed in January on his way to work at the courthouse ; McLelland and his wife were fatally shot two months later at their home near Forney . "  The murder of a public official , such as a judge a prosecutor or a law enforcement officer , is an assault on all the people of the state , because it 's an attack of the rule of law , " Kirby Dendy , chief of the Texas Rangers , said in April . Deaths may have stemmed from ex-employee 's grudge Kaufman County Sheriff David Byrnes previously said the killings stemmed from Eric Williams ' "  past legal problems with the criminal justice system of this county " -- a 2012 conviction on burglary and theft charges that led to his removal from office . His wife has confessed to involvement in the murders and implicated her husband as the trigger man , according to court papers . Byrnes said Eric Williams fired the fatal shots in both slayings . In Hasse 's death , Kim Williams was the getaway driver ; in the McLellands ' killings , she was a passenger , "  and Eric did the killing , " he said . "  We do not believe there were any other major actors in this case , " Byrnes has said . Hasse and Michael McLelland both believed that Eric Williams blamed them for his removal from office , a sheriff 's sergeant noted in Kim Williams ' arrest paperwork . The prosecutors carried handguns for their protection after the Williams trial "  because they believed Eric Williams to be a threat to their personal safety . " Williams threatened police probing slayings Eric Williams also was indicted for allegedly making a terroristic threat . He was arrested in April after a sheriff 's affidavit accused him of using his home computer to threaten police investigating the McLellands ' killings . Jack Stoffregen , chief public defender for the Lubbock-based office for the Regional Public Defender for Capital Cases , did not immediately return a call Thursday seeking comment . His office represents Eric Williams . CNN was unable to reach Kim Lene Williams ' attorney . Eric Williams ' public defender released a statement in April saying that he "  has cooperated with law enforcement and vigorously denies any and all allegations . He wishes simply to get on with his life and hopes that the perpetrators are brought to justice . "	Eric Lyle Williams and his wife Kim Lene Williams are charged with capital murder They are accused in the killings of two Texas lawmen and the wife of one Eric Williams also is charged with making a terroristic threat
CNN  -- At least 40 bodies -- all of them wearing uniforms identifying them as army officers -- have been found in a mass grave inside the headquarters of the Bangladesh Rifles paramilitary in the capital , Dhaka , authorities said Friday . Bangladeshi army soldiers gather near the Bangladesh Rifles headquarters in Dhaka Thursday . The discovery brings to at least 62 the number of army officers who have been found dead after mutinous paramilitary forces took dozens of superiors hostages at the Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  headquarters on Wednesday . The Rifles laid down their arms after Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina agreed to grant them amnesty . The bodies were found in a grave behind the mortuary building inside the BDR compound in the Pilkhana area of Dhaka , said Cmdr. Abdul Kalam Azad with the Rapid Action Battalion  RAB  , an elite internal security team that is helping with the recovery effort . "  It 's a bad scene , " Azad said . "  You can only see their legs . We 're carrying away only as many as we can fit in ambulances . Then we 're going to go look for more . " Earlier , 22 bodies had been recovered from the Buriganga River after the rebelling troops dumped them down a sewer during the standoff , authorities said . The Rifles took their superiors -- all military men -- hostage Wednesday morning after a rebellion they said was spurred by years of their grievances not being addressed . Discontent had been bubbling for years among the ranks of the BDR troops , a 65,000-strong paramilitary outfit primarily responsible for guarding the country 's borders . Watch how the paramilitary revolt spread " The recruits complained their army superiors dismissed their appeals for more pay , subsidized food and opportunities to participate in U.N. peacekeeping operations . Bangladesh and its South Asian neighbors contribute the most troops to such U.N. operations . And the pay is far greater than the meager salary the jawans -- as the BDR troops are called -- make .	Mass grave found with bodies of at least 40 Bangladesh army officers At least 62 officers found dead since mutiny by paramilitary Bangladesh Rifles Rifles laid down arms Thursday after PM agreed to offer them amnesty
CNN  -- A house that tracks your every movement through your car and automatically heats up before you get home . A toaster that talks to your refrigerator and announces when breakfast is ready through your TV . A toothbrush that tattles on kids by sending a text message to their parents . Exciting or frightening , these connected devices of the futuristic "  smart " home may be familiar to fans of science fiction . Now the tech industry is making them a reality . Mundane physical objects all around us are connecting to networks , communicating with mobile devices and each other to create what 's being called an "  Internet of Things , " or IoT . Smart homes are just one segment -- cars , clothing , factories and anything else you can imagine will eventually be "  smart " as well . But there 's a catch : So far , most Internet of Things products have been a messy tangle of different wireless protocols and brands . Many can communicate with their own apps and ecosystems but have n't found a way to play nice with each other . The Nest thermostat , which can adapt to your energy-consumption habits , is just one example . These standalone devices and ecosystems are running their own proprietary software and speaking different languages . Your smart toaster is humming along in French , for example , while your fridge is babbling about dairy expiration dates in Japanese . Now chipmaker Qualcomm is trying to give the industry a major push with an open-source project that can link all these disparate pieces . Qualcomm is hoping its platform , called AllJoyn , could act as a sort of universal translator for the industry . Over the past four years , Qualcomm has been working on its AllJoyn protocol to connect devices from different manufacturers , even if they have different communication standards . It wants to be the de facto language your fridge , lightbulbs and garage door all use to communicate . "  The only way that vision can be realized is if we turn this into a true panindustrial effort with companies all over the world , " said Liat Ben-Zur , Qualcomm 's senior director of product management . Choosing a standard Many standards already help smart devices communicate , though none has emerged as a dominant option yet . Some companies , such as SmartThings , Lowes and Revolv , depend on a physical hub to link devices . Experts say this market will struggle to really take off until someone can convince the major players it 's in their best interest to work with other brands . "  We could see a few large ecosystems emerge for  the Internet of Things  , such as we have today with Android , iOS and Windows . But consumers like to have choices and will demand that closed systems learn to communicate with each other , " explained Karen Bartleson , president of the IEEE Standards Association . If there are too many different ecosystems , people will find a way to connect them -- much like how the problem of multiple phone chargers is being solved by micro-USB , she said . "  Because  the Internet of Things  is so vast and varied , it will be hard to come up with a ` one size fits all ' standard , " said Bartleson . "  Instead of a single , dominant communication standard for IoT , there will likely be several that serve different purposes . " A company with as much industry clout as Qualcomm might have luck bridging some of the gaps . It 's a smart business move : The wireless technology giant makes many of the chips found in smartphones and tablets . It also sells the chips that will go inside smart thermostats , security systems , cars and everything else . But the connected-things revolution will only work if all the companies and products find a way to break out of their silos and work together , according to Ben-Zur . "  Oftentimes we kind of think about the evolution of the Internet in two revolutions . The first revolution was the connected Internet , " she said . "  The second kind of revolution was when we suddenly went to the mobile Internet . " Being able to access the Internet from our pockets is n't just revolutionary because it is portable . The devices collect and share information about us using built-in sensors , such as accelerometers and GPS . The Internet becomes a two-way street where we share context about our location , environment and habits so it can serve up customized information . A third revolution Ben-Zur predicts the Internet of Things will be the third revolution . Sensors will show up in more and more devices and turn them into sponges that soak up data about our habits , environment , movements and health . A smart smoke detector , for example , might also gather information about the pollen count in a house . A home security system 's motion detectors can track a family 's movements and location over time , sharing information with a central heating or cooling system to customize each room 's temperature . But it 's still to early to say for sure how all these devices will chat with each other and whether Qualcomm 's AllJoyn or some other option will take off . The exact killer apps for the Internet of Things are also a mystery . We wo n't really know how the technology will change our lives until we get it into the hands of creative developers . "  The guys who had been running mobile for 20 years had no idea that some developer was going to take the touchscreen and microphone and some graphical resources and turn a phone into a flute , " Ben-Zur said . The same may be true when developers start experimenting with apps for connected home appliances . "  Exposing that , how your toothbrush and your water heater and your thermostat ... are going to interact with you , with your school , that 's what 's next , " said Ben-Zur .	With the Internet of Things , regular appliances and objects could evolve into tech products Sensors will appear in cars , homes , toasters , clothing and more One company is trying to connect all of those devices with a common language Expert : Connected devices are the Internet 's third revolution
CNN  -- A sixth-grade Pennsylvania teacher suspected of drunk driving allegedly struck five high school students , leaving three of them hospitalized , police in Mount Carmel Township said Thursday . Victor Swaboski III , 38 , was being held at Northumberland County Prison in lieu of $ 100,000 bail Thursday , following the Wednesday night incident . He has been charged with five felony counts of accidental death or personal injury , five felony counts of assault by motor vehicle while under the influence , felony flight to avoid apprehension , and five misdemeanor counts of reckless endangerment , police said . He was also charged with driving under an alcohol restriction because he allegedly had two open beers with him at the time of his arrest , said police Chief Brian Hollenbush . Swaboski 's attorney could n't be immediately located for comment . The chief said that DUI charges are pending results from toxicology tests , to be completed within 10 days . According to CNN affiliate WBRE , three of the teens were walking and two were on bicycles when they were hit by a Jeep Liberty as they passed in front of an elementary school about 8:30 p.m. Wednesday . Swaboski was arrested a short distance from the crash scene , WBRE reported on its website . Swaboski had no prior arrests on his record , the police chief said . Student Andrew Cambell , 16 , was in serious condition Thursday at Geisinger Health System in Danville , Pennsylvania , police said . Tyler Wondoloski , 18 , and Seanna Zimmerman , 13 , were listed in fair condition , the police chief said . Two other unnamed youths were treated and released , police said .	Victor Swaboski III , 38 , is a sixth-grade teacher in Pennsylvania He is suspected of driving drunk and charged with hitting 5 high school students Three of those students are hospitalized The teacher faces multiple felony charges
CNN  -- Despite being a sport well into its seventh decade , only two women have ever driven in Formula 1 but Susie Wolff is hoping she may just become the third . On Monday , it was announced that the Scottish driver will become the first woman to take part in a F1 event of any kind in 22 years . Already a development driver with British team Williams , the 31-year-old is scheduled to take part in the first practice sessions ahead of the British and Germans grands prix in July . The last woman to drive an F1 car during a race weekend was Italy 's Giovanna Amati , who failed to qualify at Interlagos in Brazil while driving for Brabham in 1992 . However , you have to go back to 1976 to find the last grand prix featuring a female driver when Lella Lombardi finished an F1 career that had started two years earlier . Prior to that , another Italian -- Maria Teresa di Filippis -- raced for Maserati three times in 1958 . Now Wolff has been given the chance to follow in their footsteps , even if such a prospect may take some time . ` I 'm grateful for the support and belief Williams continue to show in me and 2014 promises to be a very important milestone in my career , " Wolff told the manufacturer 's website . "  My responsibilities within the team have steadily increased as I have proved myself , culminating in the opportunity to test the car at Silverstone and conduct straight line aero tests last season . "  Competing in two  practice  sessions , alongside an additional full test day this season will be a big step and I am looking forward to the opportunity to get behind the wheel on a grand prix weekend . "  It 's a challenge that I will relish and it will be a great chance for me to continue assisting the team . " In a separate interview , Wolff stated that the possibility of taking part in practice sessions on a Friday meant she had to be eyeing up a chance at driving on the Sunday . "  If you can take part in the Friday practice sessions , then of course you have to be looking at doing an actual race , " she told the British Press Association . Growing Presence This may well be some time off though , with Brazilian Felipe Massa and Finland 's Valtteri Bottas the two designated drivers for the forthcoming season . Wolff is not even the team 's reserve driver since that role is taken by another Brazilian , 21-year-old Felipe Nasr . Having competed in the German Touring Car championship  DTM  for seven years , the Scot is married to Toto Wolff , a former Williams executive director who now holds that role at Mercedes . Yet Williams ' Chief Technical Officer Pat Symonds is adamant that Wolff deserves her place in the paddock . "  Susie has become a valued member of our driver line up and 2014 will see her take on more responsibilities as we seek to make a strong step forward in performance , " he told williamsf1.com . "  Susie has demonstrated a natural talent for developing a car and providing strong feedback and these sort of characteristics will be key this season as teams seek to quickly understand and refine the radically overhauled 2014 cars . " Wolff joined Williams in April 2012 and has been credited with helping to develop various cars . Having impressed in a test at Silverstone last year , Wolff can boast good knowledge of both the track for the British grand prix and Hockenheim -- following her experiences there in DTM . The news of Wolff 's role comes 10 days after Swiss driver Simona De Silvestro joined Sauber with a view to competing in F1 next year . "  After four years in IndyCar , Simona 's ambition is to enter Formula one in 2015 , " said Team Principal Monisha Kaltenborn . "  We regard her as a very talented race driver , and we , therefore , decided to take her on board as an "  affiliated driver " and support her on her way to the pinnacle of motorsport . " Kaltenborn is one of several women in F1 , with Claire Williams working as deputy principal at the Williams team founded by father Frank in 1977 -- one year after the last woman drove an F1 race .	Susie Wolff to take part in practice sessions for two grands prix Scot will become first woman in 22 years to feature in an F1 weekend Development driver , 31 , joined Williams in 2012
CNN  -- Quick math question : What has 78 fingers , 22 arms , and no brain ? Answer : "  Z-Machines , " the robot band with a surprisingly human sound . Listen to this three-piece with your eyes closed and it could be any group of musicians plucking a guitar , twinkling on an electric keyboard , or beating a drum . Sure , there 's a synthesized quality to the music -- which sweeps from orchestral to experimental rock -- but what band does n't get a little help from computers these days ? Open your eyes and you 'll find something very different indeed . For starters , the guitarist is a humanoid looming two-meters-tall , with 78 fingers sweeping across the glowing instrument strapped to its torso . The rocking robot -- called March -- bangs its impressive mane of multi-colored cables in time to the music , albeit a little jerkily . Seated a little behind is Ashura , the drummer with 22 arms extending like a futuristic octopus and playing four times faster than any human ever could . And then there 's Cosmo , perhaps the most alien band member of all , a keyboardist with green lasers hitting each key with pinpoint accuracy . "  The footage of the robot performer is almost like watching a broken human , with a skeleton of steel , and oil for blood , " said Tom Jenkinson , better known as British recording artist Squarepusher , who composed the music for the mechanical band 's new EP . "  Using robots has this eerie narrative associated with it -- the twilight area between human and machine . It 's just a box of tricks , but it still haunts us because we see it as an impression of ourselves . " Big in Japan Created by engineers at the University of Tokyo , the robot band uses around 300 kilowatts of electricity , which designer Kenjiro Matsuo admitted : "  Is a big amount of power . " "  We just bought a power board which has a switch -- many people can try to make this kind of robot in their house now . " The machine musicians made their stage debut at a "  Future Party " in Tokyo last year , performing an electro-rock mash-up for the screaming crowd . Girls in space-age outfits gyrated around guitarist March , whose screen face flashed slogans like "  Party ! " Each time the audience raised their drinks in the air , the band would play faster , in an event sponsored by the drinks company . Soul music ? Now the machine musicians are set to release a five-track album , with the first single "  Sad Robot Goes Funny , " a more melancholy tune than you might expect from a band without hearts . "  Can these robots play music that is emotionally engaging ? ' asked Jenkinson , who composed the song and has experimented with electronic music in a career spanning two decades . "  It 's a fascinating question , and one that I 've tried to explore in this project . I 'll let people make up their own minds . " So how do you create music for a machine with 78 fingers , which can hit a note every eight milliseconds ? "  It 's just another way of making sound , but in this case what 's interesting is the aesthetics of the instrument , " said Jenkinson . "  Just like when you 're writing music for a human , there are certain possibilities and certain limits . The robot guitarist for example , can play much faster than a human ever could , but there is no amplification control . " Electronic evolution If you imagine that this is the start of a robot revolution , never fear , we 've still got a fair way to go before people tire of flesh and blood performers , said Jenkins . "  Is the performance going to be less compelling because it 's robots ? " he asked . "  For me , part of the appeal has to do with hearing a familiar instrument being ` played ' in an unfamiliar fashion . " And behind every robot musician , is a human being bringing it to life .	Futuristic robot band created by engineers in Tokyo , Japan Three-piece includes guitarist with 78 fingers , drummer with 22 arms Music composed by British recording artist Squarepusher
CNN  -- While the Zintan militia leads the battle for control of Tripoli 's airport , another set of militia and radicalized Islamist insurgents in the east are threatening a fragile Libya . The increasingly unstable political and social climate in the country is indicative of a weak and ineffective government that is failing to answer internal security concerns as well as the basic aspirations of its citizens . For these reasons primarily do the Zintan militia and renegade General Khalifa Haftar feel they have a mark to make in the security and political vacuum left by a corrupt and inept national government . While politicians in the highest echelons continue to siphon the country 's oil wealth , the armed militias in response are taking over oil terminals in the east , including Marsa al Hariga . Haftar , a Libyan exile since 1987 , returned to his home city of Benghazi from the United States , and was frequently seen in the city 's old courthouse , the headquarters of the revolution in the east . Along with the former NTC Chairman Mustafa Abdel Jalil , Haftar directed and advised in the crucial months of the revolution . As a retired General , many Libyans are unsure of the longer-term motives and personal ambitions of a man who once attempted to overthrow Moammar Gadhafi . It is no small irony that Haftar , like the rebel militias that are still fighting for control of strategic bases in the country , is directly contributing to the instability of the country and undermining what little authority the government possesses . From Sirte to Tobruk , and down to the border with Chad , there is no effective government influence . While elders in Benghazi want to negotiate with the Islamist fundamentalists , Haftar will not . His imposed policy is for these insurgents to surrender or be killed . Recently , a car bomb was detonated outside Haftar 's house , killing and injuring many . Like the brutal murder of Salwa Bugaighis on June 25 , 2014 , it is a further sign of the dangerous pitch of instability that the country has reached . Ordinary Libyans are now owning and bringing guns into their homes . Friends in Libya tell me the feeling of insecurity has permeated every household and shows no signs of abating . Meanwhile , the government is continuing to fail to live up to its promises and has not provided security or jobs to ordinary citizens . At the same time , the quest for a secular society also continues , albeit whilst people purchase guns for their households and politicians steal the country 's revenues . The United States , Britain and Europe can not afford Libya to become a failed state like Somalia . The division of Libya into east and west is not a viable option and is not in the long-term interests of Libyans or wider regional security . This debate does however highlight the old argument that the majority of the country 's oil revenues still continue to go to Tripoli and surrounding areas . Libya can be pulled back from the brink , but , the West must not leave Libya to its own  current  inept devices . The government and the military need continued specialist training , advice and resources to fight the Islamist insurgents and the disparate rebel militias across the country , and to face the new security threats coming from the south and the Middle East . This process has already begun , with the United States ' capture of the leader of the attack on the American Embassy in Benghazi in September 2012 , which killed Ambassador Stevens . The international community also needs to put pressure on the Libyan government to weed out endemic corruption . The Libyan leadership need to maintain democratic credibility , unlike the last prime ministerial run that necessitated the intervention of the Supreme Court to rule the appointment of Ahmed Mitig as Prime Minister as illegal , to order that a new election be held , this time with a full Parliament in session . The struggle to tackle armed groups in Libya continues , and it simply can not be left to one renegade general to remove Islamic insurgents and keep armed militia groups in check . The views expressed in this commentary are soley those of Sara ElGaddart .	Libya 's instability is indicative of an ineffective government , says Sara ElGaddari General Khalifa Haftar and the Zintan militia are stepping into the power vacuum , she says But ElGaddari says Haftar and rebel militias are directly contributing to Libya 's instability She says the international community can not let Libya fail and must help its government
Washington  CNN  -- Retired Gen. Stanley McChrystal has signed on with Washington-based Leading Authorities to find paid speaking appearances for him , the lecture agency announced Tuesday . McChrystal , who also will be lecturing at Yale University this fall , will earn between $ 30,000 to $ 60,000 an event , according to one person knowledgeable with the deal . He already has booked "  multiple engagements , " the source said , adding that there has been a "  significant amount of interest across industries " to hear him speak . His first paid speech will be this fall at a private engagement . McChrystal commanded the U.S.-led military coalition in Afghanistan until he resigned from the military this year after controversial comments published in a magazine profile . The retired general will speak about leadership , management strategy and global affairs , according to a Leading Authorities press release . A spokeswoman for Yale said earlier that McChrystal has been appointed a senior fellow with the Jackson Institute for Global Affairs at the university , beginning in the fall semester . McChrystal will teach a graduate-level seminar for students in the international relations master 's program , Yale spokeswoman Dorie Baker said . CNN 's Vaughn Sterling and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Retired Gen. Stanley McChrystal has signed on with an agency for speaking appearances A source says he will earn between $ 30,000 and $ 60,000 per event McChrystal already has booked "  multiple engagement , " the source says McChrystal also will be lecturing at Yale University this fall
Some corporations have religious rights , a deeply divided Supreme Court decided Monday in ruling that certain for-profit companies can not be required to pay for specific types of contraceptives for their employees . The 5-4 decision on ideological lines ended the high court 's term with a legal and political setback for a controversial part of President Barack Obama 's healthcare reform law . It also set off a frenzied partisan debate over religious and reproductive rights that will continue through the November congressional elections and beyond . All five conservative justices appointed by Republican presidents ruled in favor of closely held for-profit businesses -- those with at least 50 % of stock held by five or fewer people , such as family-owned businesses -- in which the owners have clear religious beliefs . Contraceptives or abortion ? Both corporations involved in Monday 's rulng -- Conestoga Wood Specialties of Pennsylvania and Hobby Lobby , an Oklahoma-based arts-and-crafts retail giant -- emphasize their conscientious desire to operate in harmony with biblical principles while competing in a secular marketplace . They argued the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare , violates the First Amendment and other federal laws protecting religious freedom because it requires them to provide coverage for contraceptives like the "  morning-after pill , " which the companies consider tantamount to abortion . "  The companies in the cases before us are closely held corporations , each owned and controlled by members of a single family , and no one has disputed the sincerity of their religious beliefs , " Justice Samuel Alito wrote in the majority opinion . The four liberal justices appointed by Democratic presidents , including the high court 's three women , opposed the ruling as a possible gateway to further religious-based challenges that limit individual choice and rights . What the decision means "  Into a minefield " In dissent Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote the court had "  ventured into a minefield , " adding it would disadvantage those employees "  who do not share their employer 's religious beliefs . " The practical result will likely be an administrative fix by the Obama administration that subsidizes the contraceptives at issue , said CNN political analyst Gloria Borger . "  So in terms of a real gap in medical coverage for these women , should they want it , I think what you are going to see is the government sort of picking up where Hobby Lobby would leave off , " Borger said . White House spokesman Josh Earnest signaled as much , telling reporters the Obama administration will work with Congress to ensure women affected by the ruling will continue to have coverage for contraceptives . Obama believes that women "  should make personal health care decisions for themselves , rather than their bosses deciding for them , " Earnest said , adding that "  today 's decision jeopardizes the health of women who are employed by these companies . " The decision comes two years after the justices narrowly preserved the health care reforms known as Obamacare and its key funding provision in another politically charged ruling . This time , the issue revolved around a 1994 federal law known as the Religious Freedom Restoration Act  RFRA  , which Alito 's opinion said prevents the government from "  taking any action that substantially burdens the exercise of religion unless that action constitutes the least restrictive means of serving a compelling government interest . " Alito wrote that the court 's conservative majority rejected the argument by the Department of Health and Human Services that "  the owners of the companies forfeited all RFRA protection when they decided to organize their businesses as corporations rather than sole proprietorships or general partnerships . " "  The plain terms of RFRA make it perfectly clear that Congress did not discriminate in this way against men and women who wish to run their businesses as for-profit corporations in the manner required by their religious beliefs , " he wrote . Opinion : It 's GOP vs. Democrats Complex mix Monday 's case presented a complex mix of legal , regulatory , and constitutional concerns -- over such hot-button issues as faith , abortion , corporate power , executive agency discretion , and congressional intent . The political stakes were large , especially for the future effectiveness of the health law itself , which marked its fourth anniversary this spring . The botched rollout of HealthCare.gov , the federal Obamacare website , was another political flashpoint along with other issues that many Republicans say proves the law is unworkable . They have made Obamacare a key campaign issue in their fight to take control of the Senate while retaining their House majority . "  Today 's decision is a victory for religious freedom and another defeat for an administration that has repeatedly crossed constitutional lines in pursuit of " big government , said House Speaker John Boehner , an Ohio Republican . "  The President 's health care law remains an unworkable mess and a drag on our economy . " Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , who heads the Democratic National Committee , framed the ruling as a campaign issue for November . "  It is no surprise that Republicans have sided against women on this issue as they have consistently opposed a woman 's right to make her own health care decisions , " she said , calling the ruling a "  dangerous precedent . " Barbara Green , a founder of Hobby Lobby , called the ruling "  a victory , not just for our family business , but for all who seek to live out their faith . " However , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said the decision "  jeopardizes women 's access to essential health care , " adding that "  your boss should never be able to make your health care decisions for you . " Read the ruling  . PDF Contraception mandate The section of law in dispute requires some for-profit employers to offer insurance benefits for birth control and other reproductive health services without a co-pay . A number of companies equate some of the covered drugs , such as the so-called morning-after pill , as causing abortion . The specific question presented was whether these companies can refuse , on the sincere claim it would violate their owners ' long-established moral beliefs . Supporters of the law fear the high court setback on the contraception mandate now will lead to other healthcare challenges on religion grounds , such as do-not-resuscitate orders and vaccine coverage . More broadly , many worry giving corporations religious freedom rights could affect laws on employment , safety , and civil rights . The abortion link The Hahn family , owners of Conestoga , and the Green family , owners of Hobby Lobby , said some of the mandated contraception prevent human embryos from being implanted in a woman 's womb , which the plaintiffs equate with abortion . That includes Plan B contraception , which some have called the "  morning after " pill , and intrauterine devices or IUDs used by an estimated 2 million American women . Monday 's decision comes two years after the justices allowed the law 's "  individual mandate " to go into effect . That provision requires most Americans to get health insurance or pay a financial penalty . It is seen as the key funding mechanism to ensure near-universal health coverage . Under the Affordable Care Act , financial penalties of up to $ 100 per day , per employee can be levied on firms that refuse to provide comprehensive health coverage . Hobby Lobby , which has about 13,000 workers , estimates the penalty could cost it $ 475 million a year . The church-state issue now in the spotlight involves rules negotiated between the Obama administration and various outside groups . Under the changes , churches and houses of worship are completely exempt from the contraception mandate . Other nonprofit , religiously affiliated groups , such as church-run hospitals , parochial schools and charities must either offer coverage or have a third-party insurer provide separate benefits without the employer 's direct involvement . Lawsuits in those cases are pending in several federal appeals courts . The cases are Burwell  Sebelius  v. Hobby Lobby Stores , Inc.  13-354  ; and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Burwell  Sebelius   13-356  . A Mennonite family 's fight over Obamacare reaches Supreme Court 5 questions : Supreme Court and Obamacare on contraception Opinion : How Obamacare can reduce abortions Hobby Lobby : The beliefs behind the battle	White House : Women , not their bosses , should make personal health decisions Conservative justices rule 5-4 in favor of Hobby Lobby The ruling could serve as template for future challenges to Obamacare Issue was whether businesses can opt out of mandate on religious grounds
CNN  -- Social media users who denounce drug cartel activities along the Mexican border received a brutal warning this week : Two mangled bodies hanging like cuts of meat from a pedestrian bridge . A woman was hogtied and disemboweled , her intestines protruding from three deep cuts on her abdomen . Attackers left her topless , dangling by her feet and hands from a bridge in the border city of Nuevo Laredo . A bloodied man next to her was hanging by his hands , his right shoulder severed so deeply the bone was visible . Signs left near the bodies declared the pair , both apparently in their early 20s , were killed for posting denouncements of drug cartel activities on a social network . "  This is going to happen to all of those posting funny things on the Internet , " one sign said . "  You better  expletive  pay attention . I 'm about to get you . " The gruesome scene sent a chilling message at a time when online posts have become some of the loudest voices reporting violence in Mexico . In some parts of the country , threats from cartels have silenced traditional media . Sometimes even local authorities fear speaking out . Mexico 's notoriously ruthless drug gangs regularly hang victims from bridges and highway overpasses . And bloggers who specialize in sharing news about trafficking have been threatened in the past . But this could be the first time users of such social networks have been targeted . Investigator Ricardo Mancillas Castillo said he had not encountered a threat against Internet users in his four years based in Nuevo Laredo . But the signs of torture -- the cuts , the disembowelment -- were along the lines of what officials are used to seeing in drug-related violence . In the case of the two victims found on the Nuevo Laredo bridge Tuesday , their ears and fingers were mutilated , said Mancillas , who works for the public prosecutor 's office . There are no witnesses , and it is a nearly impossible task to identify the perpetrators , he said . Thirty-six hours had passed since the bodies were found Tuesday morning , but no one had come to claim them and they remained unidentified , Mancillas said . It will be nearly impossible to determine if the two victims actually posted anything about cartels on the Internet , as people do n't usually use their real names online , he said . The placards threatened those who report violent incidents through social media networks . It listed two blogs by name , Al Rojo Vivo and Blog del Narco . They were signed "  Z , " a possible reference for the Zetas cartel , which operates in the area . Blog del Narco is a website that deals exclusively with news related to drug violence in Mexico . Its creator remains anonymous . On the Al Rojo Vivo forum , where citizens can make anonymous tips , one person wrote : "  Do n't be afraid to denounce . It 's very difficult for them to find out who denounced . They only want to scare society . " One Twitter user echoed that sense of defiance in light of the threats . "  Enough ! If we shut up today , we will have lost the ground that we have gained . This is the time to show what we are made of , " the owner of the @QuestoyQuelotro Twitter account wrote . In a statement sent to CNN , Blog del Narco said its site is not dedicated to denouncing crime , as are other sites . "  In addition , we are not in favor or against any criminal group , we only inform as things happen , " the statement said . More than 34,600 people have died in drug-related violence since Mexican President Felipe Calderon announced a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 , according to government statistics . Other reports have listed a higher toll . The latest Mexican government tally was released in January . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Rafael Romo and journalist Raul Llamas contributed to this report .	Signs say two people were killed for denouncing cartel activities on the Internet Their bodies show signs of torture Online posts have become some of the loudest voices reporting violence in Mexico Social media users say they will stand strong
Carlsbad , California  CNN  -- Charity has always been a part of every spiritual tradition , and learning to give is an essential part of everyone 's inner growth . However , charity has a dirty little secret that few of us want to face . It can fail or backfire . Our gifts can be squandered . A dollar given with compassion may wind up lining the pockets of someone who does n't deserve it . It 's a healthy sign that the public has become more aware of these drawbacks . Yet we have to be careful to ward off cynicism . To stop giving would be the wrong choice . Here 's how I empower my own giving while at the same time bringing the compassionate gift closer to the right receiver . First of all , fuel an aspiration . The most hopeless people in the world are n't the poorest ; they 're the ones who can never fulfill even a tiny dream . As a group , women are the largest population of the helpless , so I look to help them any way I can . Invest in the future , which means directing your gift to young people . Ask for accountability . Know exactly where your money is going , and demand progress reports . Take advantage of the multiplier effect . The reason micro-financing has taken off like wildfire is that small loans to individuals to help them buy their own land or start their own businesses turn out to pay off handsomely . The businesses get started and flourish . The loans are repaid quickly and thus multiply the effect of your gift . I participate in Start Fund , started by philanthropist Fred Matser of the Netherlands . But there are now many online resources for directing your gift into micro-financing . Give generously of your spirit . If you can do this , money is secondary . Personal guidance , mentoring and encouragement happen on a one-to-one basis . If you can bring your spirit into contact with someone else 's , your gift can change a life . These are simple , basic guidelines , but I believe in them wholeheartedly . I hope they come to mind the next time you get one of those annoying phone calls from a fast-talking , impersonal fundraiser who works for a cut of the money raised . There 's a better way to give , and it 's open to all of us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Deepak Chopra .	Deepak Chopra : Giving part of inner growth , but corruption in charities makes us pause Do n't stop giving , just be smart about it . Seek accountability ; ask where your money goes Chopra : Help people reach aspirations . Invest in future Give of your spirit . Helping someone in person can do more than money to change a life
CNN  -- Pam Wurst struggled for years to lose weight . One of the triggering points for her to finally shed pounds was when a 5-year-old child patted her stomach and asked : "  When is the baby coming ? " "  I about died , " she said . "  I was n't even remotely pregnant , just really overweight . " Wurst , a 39-year old instructional designer , artist and consultant from Marietta , Georgia , lost about 100 pounds , starting from 264 to a low of 155 . She lost most of her weight in the first nine months and has kept the majority of the weight off for more than six years . iReporter Seth Leigh of San Tan Valley , Arizona , a computer programmer , has also struggled with his weight . He says he found the motivation to lose at least 110 pounds in nearly seven months so he could return to the Army National Guard in 2010 as an officer .  He has lost 135 pounds to date . See his full iReport He was 401/2 when he started his weight loss regimen . "  I was facing an age deadline to get back and knew that once I turned 42 years old , it would be forever too late , " he said . The new year represents a time to create resolutions and for many Americans , weight loss will be high on their lists . And while Wurst and Leigh 's weight loss stories are a success , experts say most people will fail at following through on their resolutions . Clinical psychologist Mark Crawford of Roswell , Georgia , says some people sabotage themselves by not being clear on their goals . He offers some tips for getting it right . 1 . Be specific about your goal . "  Saying that you want to lose weight is way too general , " Crawford said . "  You should set specific goals , like you want to lose 5 to 10 pounds . " 2 . Set a realistic goal . Make sure you set something achievable and sustainable . 3 . Establish a plan to reach your goal . "  Say things like I 'm going to exercise four times a week , and I 'm going to eat smaller portions , " said Crawford . 4 . Set a time frame to reach your goal . "  Thirty days is a manageable goal to start with , and then go from there , " he said . Above all , Crawford says stay the course . "  You will make mistakes , " he said . "  You will have slip-ups , it is part of it . " But never use it as an excuse to give up . A website supported by the National Institute of Health notes "  the key to successful weight loss is making changes in your eating and physical activity habits that you can keep up for the rest of your life . " And even if you do n't need to lose weight , it 's a good idea to follow healthy eating and exercise habits to keep you healthy throughout your lifetime . How did Wurst and Leigh shed pounds ? When Wurst first started her journey , she set a goal of fitting into a size 14 . "  I did n't know how long it would take , but I felt like I could accomplish that in a year and I did , " she said . She now wears a size 10 or 12 , which exceeded her plan . Wurst said when she first started losing weight , she set a goal of exercising six days a week , and three of those days were 22 minutes of cardiovascular moves . After a few months into her Body-for LIFE-program , her job required her to travel a lot and she cut back her workouts to three to four days a week . Wurst changed her eating habits , too , and stopped eating junk food . She tries to set a goal of eating four to six small meals a day to speed up her metabolism . Her meals often include proteins with portions the size of her palm such as fish , chicken , nuts , tofu , mushrooms and eggs . She eats carbohydrates such as multigrain rice or multigrain crackers . Wurst tries her best to avoid processed foods and soda . Leigh had a different plan to shed his pounds . At the height of his exercise program , he spent up to five hours a day working out . His routine included walking , biking , swimming , lifting weights and burning calories on a treadmill or Stairmaster . The iReporter restricted his diet to about 1,500 calories a day . "  I did n't have any time to waste or any days when I could afford not to exercise and eat properly if I wanted to qualify with the right weight for the Guard , " he said . "  I had a few times during that heavy-duty weight loss period when I would go out and ride 20 miles on my bike at 11 p.m. or midnight , because I had n't exercised yet that day and I would n't let myself go to sleep having missed a day , " he noted . Both Wurst and Leigh were motivated to reach their goals , but experts differ on their opinions on how much exercise is necessary and what type of foods to eat in order to lose weight . For those of you planning a weight-loss program in 2011 , consider guidelines the National Institute of Health offers on its website to help you get started . Losing weight can be a challenge Wurst said before her big weight loss , she tried a lot of methods to lose pounds , including drugs prescribed by her doctor . "  In 2000 , they tested my thyroid and found it to be very slow , and I was prescribed 300 mg of Levoxyl a day and told it would help , " she said . Six months later , she returned to her doctor in tears and said the drugs were n't helping . "  My doc shrugged it off and said ` fat people are jolly . ' " she said . "  I was heartbroken . " She struggled for a few more years until a friend visiting from Tampa , Florida , in 2004 helped her get started on the diet and exercise regime he used . "  At last , I finally found a program that worked , " she said . Leigh said he struggled for years as a heavy person and said he weighed more than 300 pounds for about an 11-year stretch . For him , the motivation to achieve a dream is what it took to finally get him back to better health . "  I would imagine myself standing , in a nice new suit , in front of the Officer Selection Board , answering their questions about why I wanted to get back into the Army National Guard , " he said . "  I must have imagined that interview with the board a hundred times while working out , " Leigh noted . Both Wurst and Leigh say the best part of their journey is they are now happier people than they were before the weight loss . "  I feel great and love to tell people about my story , " said Wurst .	Many people will choose weight loss as a New Year 's resolution , but many will fail say experts One clinical psychologist says people sabotage themselves by not being clear on their goals Pam Wurst , iReporter Seth Leigh each lost over 100 pounds in their weight loss programs
Washington  CNN  -- Problems were reported across the country during the first-ever nationwide test Wednesday of the Emergency Alert System , designed to allow the president to address the American people during a national emergency . Some television and radio stations did not air the planned 30-second test at all . Some that aired it stayed with the signal longer than others . There were anecdotal reports of TV stations failing to air the message in Washington , Atlanta , New York , California and elsewhere . The message did not air on a cable channel being monitored in a Capitol Hill office and in the Capitol 's radio and TV gallery . The Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Federal Communications Commission , which ordered the test , stressed that it was designed to find flaws , and scoffed at reports the system had failed . By late Wednesday afternoon , an FCC official , not authorized to speak on the record , said about one-third of the test participants had filed preliminary reports , and those showed that 80 % to 90 % of the stations received the alert and were able to rebroadcast it , which was the major goal of the test . The official called the failure rate of more than 10 % "  not insignificant , " but said identifying problems "  is why we have the test . " He said the glitches were found in all modes of transmission -- broadcast , cable and satellite -- and it was too early to establish patterns . "  We 'll dig back into it , " he said . "  The nationwide EAS Test served the purpose for which it was intended -- to identify gaps and generate a comprehensive set of data to help strengthen our ability to communicate during real emergencies , " said Neil Derek Grace , FCC spokesman , in a released statement . "  Large areas of the country received the test but some areas did not . We are currently in the process of collecting and analyzing data , and will reach a conclusion when that process is complete . " A FEMA statement issued shortly after the test made no reference to problems , except to say the agency looks forward "  to working with all our stakeholders to improve this current technology and build a robust , resilient and fully accessible next generation alerting system . " "  I 'm surprised about the amount of trouble I 'm hearing about , " said warning expert Art Botterell . "  My overall impression is -- I kind of hoped for better . " In the office of Katherine Hern , a manager of warning systems for the Contra Costa , California , county government , screens "  froze up " immediately before the test , Hern said . When co-workers tried to turn to other stations , they were unable to , and had to "  not only power down the TV , but power down the cable box " to restore service to the television , she said . A cable industry group said late Wednesday that it is in the process of gathering feedback from its member companies . "  We do know that in many places , the Emergency Alert Notification flowed through to viewers without a hitch . However , we also know that in some places , it did not , " said Joy Sims , spokeswoman for the National Cable & Telecommunications Association . Stations must report the results to the FCC within 45 days . The FCC says it will not release specific test data to the public because broadcasters worry that potentially embarrassing results could discourage participation in future tests , and test data could reveal security vulnerabilities . The test was the first "  end-to-end " national test , starting with a tone sent from a FEMA operations center in Washington that was relayed to radio stations and then broadcast simultaneously on TV and radio stations in the United States . The Emergency Alert System is regularly used -- and tested -- to notify communities about tornadoes , child abductions and other events . But all previous tests have been local or regional , and involve the voluntary compliance of broadcasters . Wednesday 's test was the first national test featuring a live "  presidential " alert code , which instructed TV and radio stations that the alert took priority over all other programming . "  I think the biggest reason nobody ever tested it was because of all the concerns of what could happen and what could go wrong , " FEMA chief Craig Fugate told CNN Tuesday . "  We take a different approach . If we do n't test it , we do n't know what we need to fix . " While some problems became evident in Contra Costa , Hern said the failure was not particularly concerning . The county of 1.1 million people just east of San Francisco has set up a system of sirens , cell phone alerts , Twitter , Facebook and other devices and services to warn citizens about hazards , including releases from area refineries . Like other warning experts , Hern said it is difficult to conceive of an event that would require the president to deliver an emergency warning to the whole country . "  The whole point of a public warning is to tell people that there 's a public threat , and  to inform them about  protective action that you take . So if you have an event like 9/11 , what are you going to tell people ? Not everybody in the entire country is affected in a real physical sense , " she said . "  How often do you have that one message that applies to everyone in the country ? " Warning systems are of greater value when they are targeted to local communities , she said . But the Emergency Alert System could serve as a "  last ditch ` reassurance ' that the government is still up and running , " noted Richard Rudman , vice chair of the California EAS State Emergency Communications Committee . Rudman called the test "  useful . " Hern and others say an upgraded warning system FEMA is developing will be of greater reliability . "  I have pretty good confidence that the next generation is going to work out some of the kinks that we saw today , " she said . CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	Some television and radio stations did not air the planned 30-second test at all 80 % to 90 % of the first stations to report said they rebroadcast the alert , an FCC official says Officials say the test did what it was designed to do : find flaws in the system
CNN  -- Barcelona began the defense of their La Liga crown with a convincing 5-0 win over Villarreal in the Nou Camp Monday night . Goals from new recruits Cesc Fabregas and Alexis Sanchez followed an opener from the promising Thiago Alcantara . Lionel Messi then added a double for Pep Guardiola 's all-conquering team who have already added to their trophy cabinet with victories in the Spanish Super Cup and European Super Cup before the start of their league campaign . Arch-rivals Real Madrid opened their title bid with a 6-0 rout of Real Zaragoza Sunday and Barca were just as impressive once youth team graduate and Spanish under-21 international Thiago had set them on the way with a 25th minute opener . Home goalkeeper Victor Valdes made a brilliant save to deny Giuseppe Rossi in a rare Villarreal attack before the champions stretched their lead . Fabregas , who combined superbly with Messi in midfield , used that understanding to latch on to a neat through ball from the Argentine ace and add the second just before halftime . Any hopes of a Villarreal comeback were snuffed out quickly after the break as Chile winger Sanchez used his pace to burst clear of the visiting defense and notch the third . Messi weaved his way to add the fourth and fifth to add the icing on the cake for the three-time defending Spanish champions .	Barcelona open La Liga campaign with 5-0 rout of Villarreal Lionel Messi grabs a late double to round off scoring in Nou Camp Thiago Alcantara and new recruits Cesc Fabregas and Alexis Sanchez also score
Running for president takes blood , sweat and tears , literally . Especially the sweat . Recalling his own campaign and debate experiences , Mitt Romney sympathized with Florida gubernatorial candidate Charlie Crist on Tuesday , saying that he knows why the former governor insisted on using a fan during his debate in October . "  You may have read that one of the candidates for governor of Florida this year put a fan under his podium when he debated , " Romney said . "  I sure know why : debating can be sweaty business . " Speaking to students at his alma mater -- Brigham Young University in Provo , Utah -- on Tuesday , Romney said that debating on a national level is harder than it looks . "  You may find it hard to imagine what it is like to debate an opponent on national TV . I was not a high school debater , " Romney said . "  In fact , until I got into politics , the only person I had ever debated was my 5-year-old son , Matt . And he usually won . " "  My 2012 campaign had 23 televised debates , 20 with fellow Republicans and three with President Obama . These guys were no debate slouches . Newt Gingrich had been Speaker of the House . And President Obama , well , he had been President for four years . He kind of had his facts nailed down by that point . " Inspirational reminders To combat the stress , Romney developed a strategy to keep his nerves cool and his mind centered . "  Before every one of my debates , I did something to keep things in perspective , " Romney said . "  At the top of the sheet of paper that was placed on my podium for me to make notes , just before the debate kicked off , I wrote at the top one word : ` Dad . ' I also drew a small image of the sun . " "  Throughout the debate , when I 'd glance down at that paper , I was reminded of my father 's fearlessness in fighting for what he believed was right . And the sun ? That reminded me of the familiar scripture , ` Let your light so shine ... ' "  Win or lose a debate , I hoped I would never do anything that would dishonor or discredit the things I hold most dear . " One would assume that after two unsuccessful runs for the White House -- with millions of dollars spent , hundreds of days on the road and lots of critical press -- Romney would feel deflated , overcome and disheartened . He does n't . In fact , the former Massachusetts governor says that running for president was "  the most remarkable " of his life 's journeys . "  Despite my loss , the experience was extraordinary and revealing , " Romney said . "  I come away more optimistic about the future of the country . " From English major to White House candidate An English major , Romney said that growing up , he had no idea what he was going to do with his life , let alone run for president . "  Almost nothing I 've done in my career was planned in advance , " Romney said . "  I could hardly have predicted I would get into politics . " Of course , the notoriety that comes with running for the highest office in the United States can be exhausting . And although "  Mitt Romney " is now a household name , the former businessman does relish the time when that was n't always the case . "  One evening in a Marriott Hotel in San Francisco , I had arranged for a massage to loosen my tight back , " Romney said , recounting one of his favorite moments from the campaign trail . "  Believe it or not , the hundreds upon hundreds of handshakes that day had given me a backache . After the massage , the masseuse , obviously unaware of my political career , remarked to my assistant : ` Mr. Romney has strong legs ; he is a dancer , is he not ? ' " "  That may have been the best compliment of my campaign . "	Mitt Romney says running for president was "  the most remarkable " of his life 's journeys He recalls his best compliment of his 2012 campaign -- from an unexpected source Romney drew on his debate papers to calm his nerves The former Massachusetts governor said he did n't know he was going to be a politician
CNN  -- In a battle of underdogs Detroit and Philadelphia , the City of Brotherly Love came out on top . Philadelphia clearly won the popular vote in our unscientific poll , with 57 % of the vote , compared with 43 % for Detroit . Philly also won on Facebook with more than 1,750 "  recommends , " compared with more than 1,575 for the Motor City . "  How can this even be close ? " asks iReporter and Philadelphian Peter DeCarlo . "  Philly beats Detroit on so many levels , just to name a few : food , education , sports , location . " His Philly suggestions include the Liberty Bell , Independence Hall , the Philadelphia Museum of Art , the Schuylkill River Trail , people-watching in Rittenhouse Square and sales-tax-free clothes shopping on Walnut and Chestnut streets . "  Detroit is more than crime and urban decay , " writes iReporter Barbara Smitter , who lives just outside the Michigan city . "  It is art and philanthropy and enterprise and community . I have made it a personal mission to get out of my comfy suburban existence and see more of what makes this city so great . " Philadelphia Philadelphia 's fans find plenty to celebrate beyond the Liberty Bell and running the "  Rocky " steps up to the Philadelphia Museum of Art . Her hometown takes the cake when it comes to food , according to iReporter Katie Eisele , a suburban Washingtonian who was raised in the Philadelphia suburbs and regularly visits her family there . "  If you 're looking for a fancy , sit-down restaurant , any of the Stephen Starr restaurants are fantastic  like El Vez or Buddakan  , " Eisele writes . "  My parents also love Moshulu because it is on a beautiful ship right on the waterfront at Penn 's Landing . Also , Bistro Romano in Society Hill is a romantic and quaint Italian restaurant , great for a date night out . But if you 're looking for more of a grab-and-go type of meal ... Sarcone 's Deli , Dalessandro 's or Reading Terminal Market are great . " Speaking of Reading Terminal Market , that 's where you must go "  if you 're looking to try a lot of different types of food at once , " writes iReporter Bob Malin , a lifelong resident . "  From the fresh fish brought in the early a.m. , to the Amish making lean cuts of any of your favorite meats , to Bassett 's famous ice cream and a number of candy shops , it 's your one-stop-shop for all things edible . " You 'll also find the best sports fans in the world , according to Malin . "  For a seat with a great view of the game , Citizens Bank Park is a great time , " he writes . "  Or go to the Linc  Lincoln Financial Field  to see ` The Birds ' take on the NFC East . And the Flyers and Sixers are always a good time . ...  H  ockey is a game that Philadelphians can relate to , working hard to succeed . " Philly also has world-class art , including "  the soon to be relocated Barnes  Foundation  , which houses an unbelievable previously private collection of 19th-century impressionist art , the largest mural arts project in the country , and an incredible number of events throughout the summer , " suggests commenter Beth Schade of Philadelphia . Coming soon : "  The Welcome America festival happens every year for the Fourth of July and is a massive free outdoor concert , " Schade writes . "  Local favorite the Roots always show up . They are also known as Jimmy Fallon 's house band . There are  also  free pop-up shows all over town all summer , featuring lots of local favorites . " One of iReporter Eisele 's favorite things to do is hike in Fairmount Park , but she does n't stop there . "  While there you can take a stroll along Boathouse Row and see early-morning rowers along the Schuylkill River , " she writes . "  Visitors can also visit South Street and see the trash mural walls or see a concert at the Theatre of Living Arts . And if you have kids , the Please Touch Museum or the Franklin Institute are great places to keep them  and you  entertained . " Detroit The Motor City is probably most famous for being home to the Motown sound and the top three American automakers . And visitors can still explore the Motown era at the Motown Historical Museum or visit the Henry Ford Museum in the suburbs . However , our Detroit iReporters suggested going beyond the easy mark to explore the soul of the city and its suburbs . Take a stroll through Hart Plaza with its many sculptures to see the city 's heart , suggests iReporter Smitter . "  A short ride away and you can experience the sights , sounds and smells of Eastern Market and once again be bathed in the culture of this city , " she writes . "  A jaunt around the corner and you reach the Heidelberg Project , " a 26-year-old open air art project on the city 's East Side that uses everyday , discarded objects . "  Take a bike ride on a Saturday around Belle Isle . And speaking of urban decay , just check out the Packard plant . It has become a haven of street art . " John McGraw , an iReporter who visits Detroit several times per month for work , said he loves the spirit of the Motor City as well as its food , sports and culture . "  The spirit of Detroit is tough ; the city has been through a lot over the years , but there is a feel of determination in the air . " His recommendations : "  I really love Greektown and ... if you like Mexican food you should try Mexicantown ; it 's a little off the beaten path but well worth it . You can always hit a ballgame at Comerica Park , Ford Field or see the Red Wings at Joe Louis , " he writes . "  I also like the Eastern Market , or head over to Slows for some  barbecue  . " In suburban Detroit , iReporter Cherl Addington adores "  being nestled against Lake St. Clair , the penultimate playground tucked in between the Detroit River and Lake Huron . ... It 's like it 's our own , smaller , personal backyard lake with Belle Isle tucked in at its tip . Belle Isle 's designer , Frederick Law Olmsted , considered it his crowning achievement . ... To sit at the northern end of Belle Isle and look out at Lake St. Clair is to experience one of the most beautiful places on earth . " Do n't judge a city by its hardest times , suggest our Detroit iReporters . "  When I moved to this area from the little city , I had all of the same misconceptions that you hear about , " Smitter writes . "  Just give it a chance , and you 'll find that the city has so much more to offer than crime and fear . " Is your hometown or the city where you live now misunderstood or unappreciated ? Tell us where you live  or where you grew up  and why you love it so .	From Philly cheesesteak to fine dining , City of Brotherly Love offers many food options Outdoors types can hike in Philadelphia 's Fairmount Park , stroll along Schuylkill River Detroit has been through a lot but has a spirit that ca n't be destroyed , iReporters say iReporter loves to walk through city 's Hart Plaza , Eastern Market and Heidelberg Project
CNN  -- It was the very first race of this year 's World Championships and Lindsey Vonn was confident of wresting back her Super-G title . Just five seconds in , the story went off script , and Vonn off course . On the Schladming slopes on an arctic Austrian February afternoon , the American downhill Olympic champion 's first jump on the course initially appeared to go to plan but , as she landed , her weight seemed to shift too far forward and her right knee buckled virtually to a right angle beneath her . She skidded off the track and came to a rest 100 meters down the mountain , in a crumpled wreck in the snow , clutching her knee , her face twisted in agony before the rescue helicopter winched her up over the snow-dusted pine trees below , taking her to begin the slow and agonizing recovery process . She has been open in that recovery process , tweeting pictures of the horrific state of her blackened and swollen knee in the aftermath of her operation , keeping her followers posted on the slow and steady nature of her recovery . Less than seven months later in September , Vonn clipped back into her skis on the slopes of Portillo , Chile , to test the reconstructed knee , insisting "  I ca n't tell which knee is injured " and that she was "  skiing without fear . " Her plan is now to return to competitive skiing at the World Cup meeting in Beaver Creek , Colorado , from 29 November to 1 December . The U.S. Ski Team , their physician Dr Bill Sterett , who performed surgery on Conn , and Athletes Special Projects at Red Bull , headed by Robert Trenwalder , have been at the heart of her recovery program . The comeback goal has been all about the Olympics in Sochi in February 2014 , one year after the injury . "  Lindsey is a fighter and having her goal always in mind , she did everything needed for her comeback , " Trenkwalder told CNN . "  She has mastered it outstandingly and she always knew that she could n't do too much too early . "  But such a tremendous injury requires a very specific and well-co-ordinated rehab program . The U.S. Ski Team , Dr Bill Sterett and we at Red Bull did everything possible to create an ideal rehab environment for Lindsey . " Early in that recovery process , Red Bull published a picture of Vonn , her knee heavily strapped on a medical bed doing exercises with the caption "  not letting obstacles stand in her way . " Her program involved a strict calendar of rehab measurements and physical training but the physical side of things was only half of the battle . Returning to the slopes after crashing at high speed and with a potentially career-threatening injury can take some overcoming . "  The physical rebuild is absolutely essentially but it has to go in coordination with the rehab program , " continued Trenkwalder . "  For sure there is a mental aspect too , returning to the slopes can be a challenge . "  But when I saw Lindsey giving her comeback on skis in Chile , it was totally obvious that everything is totally fine . Skiing is her element and she was all smiles to be finally back on skis . " For all the positive noises from Vonn 's camp , however , there is still a sense -- to a certain degree -- that she is skiing into the unknown in the ensuing weeks . "  We are on target and everything looks good now , " added Trenkwalder . "  However , I can not read the future and returning to the peak depends on loads of different aspects . " For the superstar of world skiing , it is her first career-threatening injury . So just how does skier recover from those physical and mental wounds ? Perhaps there is no better person to ask than British skier Chemmy Alcott , who is in the midst of rehab from breaking her leg for the third time . The first and most serious break dates back to December 2010 during a practice run at Lake Louise in Canada . It was a jump she had tackled 60 times , 59 of them correctly but this time things went awry ... at 80mph . On this occasion , she ended up with a multitude of fractured bones in her leg , she was strapped to a stretcher and attached to a helicopter . The breaks were so severe that her ski boot liner became lodged inside her leg , the removed boot showing smashed bones and a torrent of blood as it was removed . It was an injury that kept her out of competitive action for two years but amazingly she remained conscious throughout . "  Well , for one , I do n't remember the crash , " said Alcott , who similarly has opted not to watch it back . "  I think that was my body 's defense mechanism , to shut it out . "  I 'm a very optimistic person and I do n't need to see something that could be negative . There 's nothing to be gained from reliving it . " Remarkably Alcott opted to make her return at Lake Louise of all places , which had nearly seen the end of her career , finishing an impressive 25th in the downhill against the world 's best skiers . She describes that run as "  the gutsiest performance of her life . " Clearly the mental demons were in abundance , perhaps typified by the fact that rather than her customary 10 minutes preparing at the start gate , she opted to spend just half-a-minute there . Come the run itself , though , she explained : "  I really put my brain out the window . I came out of the gate with a sense of peace and satisfaction having made it back . " She did not on that occasion nor during her latest break see a sports psychologist . "  If I felt I had a weakness , I 'd see someone about it , " she said . Instead , she talked it through with other skiers who have endured similar experiences before adding , "  I think I 'm mentally strong enough . With that Lake Louise run , I 've proved how tough I can be . "  I did n't let anything in from the past , I was n't scared , I was just excited to be back . I just do n't think of ` what ifs ' I just get on with things . "  For me , my only thought is Sochi . I 've worked so hard for it . It 's got to be . " "  Sochi doubt ? " she added , somewhat flabbergasted , in answer to the question of whether she would OK for the Winter Olympics . "  It 's just not there , I ca n't let it creep in . It 's my Hollywood ending . " There is something even more Hollywood about Vonn , with her higher profile and her on-going relationship with the world 's most famous golfer Tiger Woods . Both skiers , though , have very similar goals , to make it to Sochi . But what is it about skiers that enable them to overcome such mental battles . Is it genetic ? Dr Rhonda Cohen manages the London Sport Institute at Middlesex University and is a chartered sport and exercise psychologist whose research centers on personality , motivation , risk and reaction times especially in examining the psychology of extreme sport . "  We are all born with a genetic pattern and obviously a genetic predisposition towards certain behavior , " says Cohen . "  When you are born with more of an anxiety trait your natural reaction would be to get anxious in a stressful situation such as a broken leg . "  However , both Lindsey and Chemmy have developed excellent coping mechanisms , pushing aside thoughts of perhaps not ever being able to be the best in your sport . " But even extreme sports starts come to a point after an injury where they think enough is enough . As Cohen pointed out : "  Some skiers do give up . I have often found the length of their career as part of an odds game -- the longer they compete or engage in the sport , the greater the chance of something serious happening . " That happened in the case of Austrian skier Hans Grugger , a World Cup winner who suffered a serious head injury in a fall in 2011 . At the age of 30 , Grugger made a full recovery from those head injuries but any hopes of a return to the slopes -- at least competitively -- were curtailed by nerve damage to his right leg . He had suffered two serious falls before , much like Alcott and Vonn , and on both occasions opted to return . "  To me , that was not a problem , crashing is a part of skiing , and crashing never gave me fear for the next time , " he explained . "  But this accident was different . I could n't come back . " His comments suggest he would still be competing if given the chance but Grugger is not so sure . "  I do n't know as I just feel happy to have my life , " he adds . "  I was told if my head injury was one centimeter to the right or left , things could have been very different . " Perhaps fortunately the mental demons of the crash do not haunt him -- he has no memory from six weeks beforehand to about six weeks afterwards . However , before returning to the slopes in a more amateur fashion , he opted to watch back his horror fall . "  It was just me and my laptop , " he recalls . "  It took me a time to press play -- my finger was hovering over play for a long time . But when I watched it , it was OK . It was just like watching someone else . So when I did first ski , I was not scared . " Unlike Grugger , in retirement from the age of 30 , Vonn , who turns 29 on Friday , and 31-year-old Alcott have opted to return . Despite their crashes , they show no signs of slowing down or hanging up their skis .	How Lindsey Vonn is bidding to return from a potentially career threatening injury American 's Red Bull team insists it 's as much a mental as it is physical battle to return British skier Chemmy Alcott relives recovering from three leg breaks in her career Extreme sports psychologist on the mentality of recovering from such high-speed falls
CNN  -- I would love to say my dog is intellectually qualified to be a service animal . But he 's not . There 's barely enough brainpower there to be a lamp . In fact , Mikey 's only apparent skills appear to be power napping and somehow reaching unspeakable parts of his body with his tongue . Which , to be fair , is definitely a skill , though not one that easily lends itself to helping humans . "  There 's a little boy stuck in the well ! Quick , Mikey , molest yourself for 20 minutes ! " Alas , being a true service animal requires something special . And even some of the very brightest dogs , those with the best training in the world , never quite live up to their potential . And that 's exactly what happened to Taxi , a golden retriever/Labrador who was supposed to become a guide dog . If it was n't for those damn cats . That was Taxi 's weakness . Just could n't lay off the cats . Thus , Taxi never graduated to calmly lead blind people across the street , for fear that he might actually lead blind people across a tree . But it turns out he had another calling . Taxi became a seizure alert dog , for 14-year-old Rachel Benke of San Antonio , Texas . When Rachel was born , she had an abnormality on the right side of her brain that caused epileptic seizures . For the first several years of her life she was mostly nonverbal and could n't eat solid food . When she turned 6 , however , two corrective surgeries greatly reduced the frequency of her seizures and allowed her to start developing new skills . Then , four years ago , Taxi came into her life . Ever since , they 've been inseparable ; he even joins her at school . And this year , Taxi finally got his own picture in the yearbook . That was a big talker all over the Web this week . Because it 's adorable . When Rachel takes Taxi with her to school , he 's there to warn of oncoming seizures and to also assist her in the event of one actually happening . But mostly he just lays around , not participating in anything remotely educational . So , in a lot of ways , his accomplishments in school are slightly more impressive than mine . Unless you count occupying space and disrupting others . But there was just something about that photo . When Taxi 's big , serious face appeared in the Hector Garcia Middle School yearbook and hit the Web , people just could n't resist . There he was . Taxi Benke . Just to the right of Rachel Benke . And just to the left of : Hayden Berry . Hayden , welcome to Internet fame by association . Now 's a good time to drop your new rap LP . Anyway , it 's a well-deserved addition . Rachel 's mom had joked about Taxi 's exclusion the previous year , so this time they got it right . And , if nothing else , Taxi 's newfound Internet fame has added an interesting bit of education about seizure alert dogs . Rachel 's family can share several incidents where , somehow , Taxi just knew . He could smell it . Conversely , sometimes I drop food on the kitchen floor and Mikey literally has no idea . He 'll be just steps away . And nothing . "  Mikey , there is literally free food on the floor . That you can eat . It 's bacon , stupid . " Taxi would be all over that . Different dogs . Different skills . Now , it 's worth noting that the Epilepsy Foundation is n't fully convinced that seizure-predicting dogs do exactly as some people believe . They believe the bulk of this evidence is mostly anecdotal . So , they warn people to exercise caution when considering this type of canine service . Either way , there 's something special about Taxi . Multiple times he 's warned others about oncoming seizures . He just knows . He 's always right there on Rachel 's left side because that 's the direction she falls . And Taxi knows to position himself there so he can protect her from slamming into the ground . Again , just for comparison , I could be on fire and Mikey would be completely preoccupied , lording over his Poop Kingdom in the backyard where he 's waged a full-scale yet poorly strategized border war with Noodle , the wiener dog next door . So , clearly , Taxi is special and has earned his place in the yearbook . Right next to Rachel . And just left of MC Hayden B. Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Taxi is a seizure alert dog who did n't quite make it as a guide dog He helps 14-year-old Rachel Benke of San Antonio Taxi finally got his own photo in Rachel 's middle school yearbook
CNN  -- CNN 's story about Noor al-Zahra Haider touched readers and viewers , many of whom wrote to say they felt some responsibility for the Iraqi girl whose life was saved by Americans at the height of the Iraq War . Others simply wanted to know how they could help . Childspring International , the Atlanta-based Christian charity that sponsored her stay in the United States in 2006 , said it was setting up a special Baby Noor Fund so it could channel donations specifically to Noor 's family . Noor was born with a severe form of spina bifida . Alison Fussell , the executive director of Childspring , said Thursday the charity set up the fund after being contacted by people who saw the CNN story . She said she was not yet sure exactly how the donations would be used and that the charity was still determining what the right action would be . She said it would look into possibly linking Noor 's family with specialists in Baghdad or shipping medical supplies to them . "  We are keeping a separate account for her , " Fussell said . "  I do know that we will do the right thing . I am 100 % sure of that . " Anyone who wants to donate should include the words "  Baby Noor Fund " in the box that reads "  Who should we notify of this gift " on Childspring 's Donate Now page . One CNN reader with spina bifida wished the Iraqi girl well . "  As someone born with a mild case of spina bifida , I 've faced certain physical challenges throughout my life -- I 'm 49 -- but nothing like this young Iraqi girl , " wrote Paul Keyes . "  May God grant her continued life , improving health and a happy heart . " Another reader , John Last , wrote : "  We humans possess the power to turn our world into garden or wasteland . Tools are right here . ... So she was given hope by noble soldiers who still believe that they are warriors and not mercenaries .  The  journalist that was trying to make the difference instead of chasing some celebrity . Doctors , members of  a  charity group and host families who showed this child the best we humans can offer -- compassion . And then she was forgotten , received the worst we humans can offer -- indifference . " Noor , now 7 , was discovered by U.S. soldiers when she was 3 months old during a routine raid of her house just before Christmas 2005 . Noor 's grandmother told the soldiers that Iraqi doctors could do nothing for Noor , who was born with vertebrae that did not form completely around her spinal cord . She was certain to die . The soldiers sent her to the United States , where doctors performed life-saving surgery . After six months , she was returned to her home in the town of Abu Ghraib . Another reader , Linda Shinn , thought Noor should not have been sent back to Iraq . "  When her family asked for help , they probably thought that more could be done for her in America than was possible , and they somehow imagined that she would be returned to them in good health , " Shinn said . "  If it was just that she lacked the use of her legs , it would n't be so bad , but when it involves her bowels and bladder as well , that is just beyond what any poor family could possibly handle . If she were in the U.S. and possibly in a home for disabled persons , she might have more quality of life , and her family  would  have the huge burden of her care removed from them , and she might have actual nurses who would care for her . " Noor 's family paid a price for the association with Americans . They were threatened and forced to restart life in a new neighborhood . CNN caught up with them a few weeks ago in Baghdad and published Noor 's story on Tuesday , the 10th anniversary of the Iraq War . It evoked all sorts of emotions and comments about the war itself and what America 's role ought to be in that part of the world . Noor 's family is struggling to make sure the little girl gets the proper care she needs for her complex medical issues . Noor has a shunt in her brain to relieve pressure from fluid buildup , and she often experiences urinary tract infections that could possibly lead to renal failure . She also has no feeling in her pelvis and her legs , and she can not walk . Some of Noor 's family members wondered whether America had forgotten them . A question that naturally arose from the story was whether America owed anything to Noor . Readers felt both ways . Many agreed that Americans ought to help . "  The article speaks to the idea that many people are happy to help for a time , but it 's easy to forget once the headlines go away , " said Sharon Braddock . "  The follow-up years later presents the question of whether people who step up to assist have a duty to follow through and , if so , for how long ? If we start to help , how far should we go ? Is it the right thing to separate the child from her family ? These are all serious questions with no right or wrong answer , but we should each consider them carefully . Whatever our answer is , it tells us something about ourselves and the world in which we live , " she said . But others , like alexDW said this : "  Right now she is just a Third World girl with a bladder problem , no different from millions of others . Now the help should be directed to the people who need it most now , and I am sorry to tell you , that is probably not her . " Braddock acknowledged that Noor 's case was a tough one . Braddock likes happy endings ; she wants everyone to be in a safe place and lead a life of quality . She knows that 's easy to say but in this case , difficult to accomplish .	Childspring International has set up a special account for Noor As an infant , she was brought to America for life-saving surgery The family is struggling to take care of a disabled child in war-torn Baghdad Some readers said America has a responsibility to Noor and her family
CNN  A member of the grand jury that declined to bring charges in the August 2014 shooting death of Michael Brown is suing the St. Louis County prosecutor to be allowed to speak on the case , the American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri said Monday . The unnamed juror "  would like to talk about the experience of serving on a grand jury , the evidence presented and the investigation in a way that could contribute to the public dialogue concerning race relations , " but is barred from doing so by state law that requires secrecy about grand jury deliberations , the ACLU said in a statement . The grand jury decided in November that it would not indict Officer Darren Wilson in the August 9 , 2014 , shooting death of Michael Brown , an unarmed African-American teen whose death sparked nationwide calls for police reform . Wilson told investigators Brown charged him and he feared for his life , but Brown 's family and supporters accused the officer of needlessly killing the 18-year-old . Protests and riots followed the grand jury 's decision . The juror , referred to by the ACLU as "  Grand Juror Doe " is suing Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch because he would be responsible for bringing charges against the grand juror for speaking out , the ACLU said . The organization said it would be wrong for the state to impose a "  lifetime gag order " on the grand juror . "  The Supreme Court has said that grand jury secrecy must be weighed against the juror 's First Amendment rights on a case-by-case basis . The rules of secrecy must yield because this is a highly unusual circumstance , " ACLU legal director Tony Rothert said .	The unnamed grand juror wants to talk in "  a way that could contribute to the public dialogue concerning race relations , " ACLU says The juror is suing St. Louis County 's prosecutor to be allowed to talk "  Grand jury secrecy must be weighed against the juror 's First Amendment rights , " ACLU says
DURBAN , South Africa -- India 's Yuvraj Singh smashed six sixes in one over as England crashed out of cricket 's World Twenty20 tournament in South Africa on Wednesday . Yuvraj Singh smashes his sixth successive six off England fast bowler Stuart Broad Paul Collingwood 's side were eliminated at the Super Eights stage after South Africa earlier beat New Zealand by six wickets in Durban . England then lost by 18 runs to the Singh-inspired Indians , who kept their semifinal hopes alive ahead of Thursday 's must-win clash with the hosts . Singh reached the fastest 50 in Twenty20 history , needing just 12 deliveries , as India made 218-4 . The left-hander 's six consecutive sixes in the 19th over bowled by Stuart Broad made him the first player to do so in Twenty20 matches and just the fourth in all senior cricket . South Africa 's Herschelle Gibbs performed the feat at the 50-over World Cup in the West Indies earlier this year , while Sir Garfield Sobers and Ravi Shastri achieved it in first-class matches . Singh 's innings ended on 58 -- from 16 balls -- when he hit a full-toss from Andrew Flintoff to captain Collingwood at long-on from the penultimate delivery of the final over , in which he also cleared the boundary ropes once . Virender Sehwag top-scored with 68 off 52 balls , putting on 136 for the first wicket with Gautam Gambhir , who hit 58 off 41 deliveries . Broad ended with the embarrassing figures of 0-60 off his four overs , while fellow seamer Chris Tremlett took 2-45 . In reply , England battled gamely but could only post 200-6 in their 20 overs . Opener Vikram Solanki top-scored with 43 off 31 balls , and Kevin Pietersen hit 39 off 23 deliveries , but no-one could match the fireworks provided by Singh . Left-arm seamer Irfan Pathan claimed figures of 3-37 off four overs , while Rudra Pratap Singh took 2-28 . If India can beat South Africa , it would create a three-way tie and require net run-rates to decide the two teams going through . The Proteas have two wins from two Group E outings after beating New Zealand , who have completed their Super Eights fixtures with two victories and a defeat . South Africa restricted the Black Caps to 153-8 from their 20 overs on Wednesday , then reached the target with five deliveries to spare as Justin Kemp made an unbeaten 89 . Kemp was named man of the match after smashing a six off the otherwise economical Mark Gillespie for the winning runs . He belted six sixes and six fours in his 56-ball innings , having come to the crease in the fourth over with South Africa reeling at 17-2 . Kemp added 28 in four overs with Gibbs  19  before putting on another 65 in eight overs with Mark Boucher . Boucher departed for 23 , caught by wicketkeeper Brendon McCullum off Gillespie , who ended with figures of 2-11 off 3.1 overs . The experienced Shaun Pollock then joined Kemp , and struck one six in his unbeaten 16 off 11 deliveries to help guide the Proteas to their second victory . The in-form Craig McMillan top-scored for the Kiwis , hitting an unbeaten 48 off only 25 balls to follow up his blistering 57 in Tuesday 's five-run win against England . McCullum had put on 68 for the first wicket with Lou Vincent , scoring 38 before becoming the first of Morne Morkel 's four victims . Morkel , who ended with figures of 4-17 off four overs , then removed Ross Taylor  1  two runs later and later bowled the dangerous Jacob Oram for a quickfire 15 . He had Shane Bond caught by Boucher , and then almost became the first Twenty20 bowler to claim five wickets when his penultimate delivery -- which clean bowled Gillespie -- was declared a no-ball by umpire Billy Doctrove . E-mail to a friend	Yuvraj Singh becomes first player to hit six sixes in an over in Twenty20 game Singh hits 58 in 16 deliveries as India beat England by 18 runs in Durban England already eliminated from World Twenty20 after South Africa beat NZ
CNN  -- It was a penalty shootout that summed up Manchester United 's season -- errant , careless and ultimately forlorn . This was the team that have dominated English football for years , one of the biggest on the planet . Yet here they were , slugging it out from the penalty spot with lowly Sunderland in the semifinal of the English League Cup , with a place at Wembley at stake . Usually so composed in pressure situations , United 's players blinked , four of them missing from 12 yards out as this interminable season took another turn for the worse . Since Sunderland last won silverware in 1973 , Manchester United have won 25 domestic trophies , but before the end of January the only competition they are still in with a realistic chance of winning is the European Champions League . Yet the man who presided over the majority of those 25 trophies -- Alex Ferguson -- has gone and the man who had replaced him is looking more beleaguered by the day . David Moyes trudged off the field as Sunderland players swarmed around their goalkeeper Vito Mannone , who saved the penalty that sent them to the final of England 's second most prestigious cup competition . They will now face Manchester CIty in the final on March 2 while United , and Moyes especially , will face more intense questioning about the direction his club is going in . "  Criticism is fair if you do n't win at this football club , " Moyes told Sky Sports after the game . "  Credit to Sunderland -- they played well and we did n't . We 've played well in a lot of games this season and not got the rewards but we did n't deserve any rewards tonight . "  When we had the chances to get a second goal we did n't finish it off . I 've got no problem them getting through -- they deserved it . " In the end , United were fortunate to force the game into penalties after goalkeeper David De Gea fumbled a shot from Phil Bardsley into the net -- a gaffe that appeared to have handed Sunderland victory in the final seconds of the game . Luckily for the Spanish keeper , just 60 seconds later a dramatic goal from Javier Hernandez with practically the last kick of the match gave United one last shot at redemption . One which they could n't take . Of De Gea 's mistake Moyes said : "  David 's been really good this season . People do make mistakes but it was a costly one . That 's football and that 's the way it is just now . " Of the four missed penalties from his side Moyes simply added : "  That was poor . I would expect better . " Trailing 2-1 from the first leg , United took the lead on 37 minutes through Jonny Evans to level the scores on aggregate . But with no more goals at the end of 90 minutes the match went into extra time . Knowing they needed to score to go through Sunderland piled men forward in search of a winner but no-one at Old Trafford could have been prepared for the tumult that was to come . Phil Bardsley , who spent five years as a Manchester United player , fired in a low shot from outside the box that De Gea found too hot to handle . As Sunderland 's players celebrated in front of their 9,000 traveling fans , Moyes rolled his eyes as the prospect of a Wembley final ebbed away . But just over 60 seconds later it was United 's fans celebrating as Hernandez turned in a cross to lock the scores up on aggregate and send the tie to penalties . With the tension around the stadium palpable , the first three players to take spot kicks missed , before Darren Fletcher put Manchester United 1-0 up . But that was the only success United would register from 12 yards as successful penalties from Marcos Alonso and Ki Sung-Yueng put Sunderland 2-1 in front , either side of an Adnan Januzaj miss . Phil Jones was the next player to go wide , ballooning his effort over the bar , before Sunderland 's Adam Johnson squandered the opportunity to settle the tie . All of which meant Rafael had to score to keep United in the match , but his spot kick was saved by Mannone , sparking wild scenes of celebration from the visitors . Sunderland manager Gus Poyet , who is battling to keep his side in the Premier League , told Sky Sports : "  This feeling is for the fans . It has been a difficult season but look at them now , this is for them . "  To have a day of football like today is great for everybody and great for football . It is a great story -- let 's see if we can go one better . "  The things that happened today were incredible but the players were outstanding , they are trying hard to learn so credit to them . "	Manchester United knocked out of English League Cup by lowly Sunderland Sunderland win on penalties after a dramatic finale to the semifinal tie at Old Trafford Four Manchester United players miss in the shootout as Sunderland win 2-1 Result heaps pressure on beleaguered Manchester United manager David Moyes
EW.com  -- When we heard the rumors around a "  Mean Girls " musical , we immediately started casting the parts . But one thing we did n't account for was the idea that Amanda Seyfried might not want to reprise her role as Karen . That is so fetch : Tina Fey wants Mariah Carey for ` Mean Girls ' musical After all , what about Karen would make Seyfried not want to play her ? She 's pretty . She does n't have to think , like , ever . She gets to wear pink on Wednesdays . She has ESPN , and her boobs can predict the weather . Or rather , her boobs can tell you about the current weather conditions . So why would Seyfried want to walk away from the character who first put her on our radar ? The temptation of the dark side , perhaps ? Amanda Seyfried eyeballing Seth MacFarlane 's comedy Western Seyfried tells Allure , "  I desperately want to be Regina . " So our question for you is : Would this work ? Could Seyfried 's big doe eyes contain the ferocity necessary to be queen bee ? More importantly , could Seyfried convincingly play the girl who ca n't be killed  even when hit by a bus  ? Although Seyfried 's career has definitely sky rocketed since her days as Karen , we 're not so sure we could handle a switch up within the plastics squad . What are your thoughts ? Who would you cast as Regina George in a "  Mean Girls " musical ? See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	There have been rumors about a musical based on "  Mean Girls " Amanda Seyfried starred in the movie version as Karen In Allure magazine , Seyfried said she 'd want to play Regina in the musical But could Seyfried pull off the role of the queen bee ?
Mashable  -- Super Bowl XLVI host city Indianapolis has concocted a new way to deal with the madness that comes with managing the world 's biggest annual sporting event . The solution ? The Super Bowl 's first-ever social media command center . A team of strategists , analysts and techies will monitor the digital fan conversation via Facebook , Twitter and other platforms from a 2,800-square-foot space downtown . The station was set to open on Monday and run through Super Bowl XLVI on February 5 . The team will tweet directions to fans in search of parking , direct visitors to Indianapolis 's best attractions , and stand by to provide information in case of a disaster . "  Social media is just how people interact now , " said Taulbee Jackson , CEO of Raidious , the digital marketing agency that the Super Bowl 's host committee tapped to manage the communications hub . "  We felt it was critical to have some horsepower behind that aspect of the Super Bowl here , versus what you might have seen from other Super Bowls . " Some 150,000 people are expected to flood into downtown Indianapolis -- where the game will be played at Lucas Oil Stadium -- over Super Bowl weekend . Advanced search tools and analytics will help Jackson and his team identify fans in need of help by indexing key words and phrases . For example , a fan wo n't need to tweet , "  where can I find parking ? " to get help ; Raidious operatives will be able to pick up on a general phrase such as "  parking sucks " to offer assistance . But it wo n't be a simple operation . The command center will utilize more than a mile of Ethernet cable and more than 150 square feet of networked screen space . More than 20 people will man the center for 15 hours per day . Researchers from nearby Ball State University 's Center for Media Design will conduct a study of the command center , analyzing its strengths and weaknesses . Michael Holmes , director of the center 's Insight & Research Unit , wrote in an email that the command center is an example of the "  the ubiquity of social media and the absolute necessity for companies , organizations and communities to use these tools to improve their relations with their customer , audiences and citizens . " Both Holmes and Jackson said they would not be surprised if the Super Bowl 's first designated social-media warroom sets a precedent for other major events . "  We 're kind of breaking new ground here so we do n't know the exact numbers yet of what we 'll be dealing with , but we should be able to provide that after the game to other cities that have to deal with these types of issues , " Jackson said . "  I think a lot of brands will start to see a need for something like this . "  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Social media center opened Monday and will run through Super Bowl XLVI Techies will monitor the digital fan conversation via Facebook , Twitter and other platforms The command center will utilize more than a mile of Ethernet cable
CNN  -- If you are like a lot of people , you 've probably thought about trying to find out more about your family history some day . How did your parents first meet ? Where did your grandparents come from ? What were the family secrets that no one ever discussed ? Two years ago , I set out to do just that . Mine was a story with some superficial details that had always made for good dinner party conversation : My parents were an interracial couple who met in the mid-1950s , when "  miscegenation " was still illegal in most states in America . My father was an undergraduate at Swarthmore College , the only black male student on campus . My mother was a white French professor who cast him in a student play . When they fell in love , they had to meet in secret for a year and a half until he graduated , after which they immediately married . They both came from fascinating backgrounds : He was the son of black undertakers from Pittsburgh , who had grown up in a world that was a cross between an August Wilson play and "  Six Feet Under . " She had come to America from France as a teenage refugee with five of her seven sisters while their father , a Huguenot pastor , stayed behind to organize the small mountain village where he preached to hide thousands of Jews from the Nazis . Read an excerpt from "  My Long Trip Home " But as intriguing as those facts were , I knew that my family story did n't end there . It also included what happened after my parents divorced seven years later : My mother struggled with depression and financial hardship as she was forced to support my younger brother and me on her own . My father plummeted into an alcoholic spiral that destroyed his promising career as an Africa scholar . I battled loneliness and obesity and teenage fury as I coped with feelings of abandonment . I knew I could n't revisit the romantic aspects of the story without also reliving the tragic parts , and for most of my adult life I had no desire to do that . Then , on the Saturday after Thanksgiving 2009 , a year to the day after my father died , I woke up in the middle of the night with an urgent epiphany : I was finally ready to write my family 's story . I got out of bed and started recording memories on my laptop computer . But I quickly realized how much I did n't know , or was n't certain I recalled correctly . So I decided to tackle the project as a reporter , applying all the skills I had acquired in 35 years as a journalist . And for anyone who has thought about embarking on a similar journey , here are some of the lessons I learned : Do n't take "  I do n't remember " for an answer . Many of the "  sources " for my story -- my mother and her friends , my father 's older sister , his other wives and mistresses -- were now in their 70s or 80s . At first , they all insisted that they had forgotten most of what happened . But I asked to speak with them anyway , always arranging to meet them early enough in the day that they were n't tired and to make sure that they had all afternoon and evening free if necessary , so that we would n't be cut short . Luckily , their mental faculties were still intact . Once they got started , one memory led to another , and I ended up talking with them for hours and filling notebook after notebook . Their recall became particularly sharp when they were telling me why something I thought I knew was wrong . The urge to correct the record , I discovered , is a powerful aide-memoire . Look for every written document you can find . I asked all of my interview subjects to give me whatever they had on paper from the time : diaries , letters , academic notes and reports . Some of it no longer had relevance , but the prospecting yielded many nuggets of gold . My mother found a diary that her father had written as a missionary in Africa in the 1930s , dreaming of returning to Europe to help battle Hitler . Longtime friends gave me a series of letters that my mother had written in the happy early years of her marriage , when I was a toddler and my parents took me with them to England and Africa while they did field research . There was another batch from the ugliest days of their divorce , when we were living in Los Angeles and she was on the verge of losing her mind . My father 's brother-in-law searched through a drawer and found a 12-page testimonial that my black granddad dictated to an attendant in a nursing home on his 75th birthday . His "  autobiography , " as he called it , recorded how he grew up on a tenant farm in Texas , the son of a sharecropper who was born a slave , and how he made his way north as a teenager to work in the Pittsburgh steel plants and then became one of the city 's first black funeral home owners . Explore the surrounding history . With the help of interlibrary lending and the Internet , I tracked down archives and out-of-print books and court records that helped paint a larger picture of the worlds that my parents and grandparents inhabited . Thanks to Google Maps ' Street View , I was able to look at pictures of some of the many homes where I lived as a child , some remarkably the same as I remembered , others sadly gone or condemned . And like any good investigative reporter , I used the details I discovered in the written documents to question my sources again . These later interviews often elicited secrets that had n't emerged before -- like the grounds for my parents ' divorce , or the legal battle my father fought after being fired from one of his university jobs , or the details of the hard-core rehab facility where he stayed for six months to finally stop drinking . Not everyone who reports their family story will be obsessed enough to write a book about it , as I have done . But you are bound to discover things that will surprise , amuse and even shock you . And if you 're like me , you will find it enlightening to start seeing your family members not just as forces in your life , but as characters in a drama -- shaped by historical time and geographical place and their own personal angels and demons , like protagonists in a novel . "  Was it therapeutic ? " people ask me , and the answer is yes , but in a different way from conventional treatment . Call it "  contextual therapy " : the placement of your own story in a wider human narrative , where every family story is utterly unique yet entirely universal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Whitaker .	Mark Whitaker set out to tell the story of his family , a year after his father died His parents were an interracial couple who braved prejudice and faced many struggles To tell your family 's story , act like a reporter , interview your older relatives , Whitaker says Search for any documents that could help and explore surrounding history
CNN  It lays claim to being the most isolated human settlement on earth , a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean , home to just under 270 people . Now , the tiny settlement of Tristan da Cunha is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over to secure its future well into the 21st century . With the help of the Royal Institute of British Architects  RIBA  , the UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable as it approaches the 200th anniversary of its settlement . As a sign of just how removed Tristan da Cunha is from the rest of the world , there are only seven family names on the islands . Those who live there are mainly the descendants of Dutch , American and Italian sailors as well as 19th century British explorers . There are also a handful of expatriate Brits . But watching hit TV series "  Lost "  or reading up on William Golding 's "  Lord of the Flies " wo n't be required research for competition entrants . Instead , those with experience of renewable energy in remote regions , modern housing and developing cost-effective agrarian systems are encouraged to apply . "  The competition is looking at enhancing the built environment on the island  and  making all structures more energy efficient , " the island 's administrator , Alex Mitcham told CNN when visiting the UK recently . Mitcham explained that most existing homes and public buildings on Tristan da Cunha are small , bungalow-type structures made from made from a mix of concrete and local volcanic rock . Few have simple insulation that can lead to energy savings while the infrastructure for things like renewable power generation and internet provision remain limited . The island is also only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year through a small port in its only town , Edinburgh of the Seven Seas . According to James Porter of RIBA Competitions , contestants will have to factor in irregular design questions such as "  how can we get the material ashore and how can we actually think of ways that we can put things together once there ? " "  There are limitations on the amount of cargo that can be trans-shipped , " he added . In total , Tristan da Cunha is made up of four islands . Tristan is the largest land mass and the only one to house people . Two more unpopulated islands , Nightingale and Inaccessible , lie close by . A third , Gough , is situated roughly 230 miles away . Both Gough and Inaccessible are UNESCO World Heritage sites . The closest mainland port is Cape Town , South Africa , some seven days sailing time and 1,750 miles north-east . Tristan already has a pub , shop , cafe , dance hall , museum , catholic church and swimming pool . There are also two expatriate doctors , two Tristanian nurses and school teachers with some 30 students of varying ages . The island 's main industry is lobster fishing , with exports reaching as far afield as the U.S. , Australia , Japan and the EU thanks to a fishing company that has exclusive rights to fish in the surrounding waters . Tristan earns additional income from the sale of unique stamps , coins and handicraft souvenirs , Mitcham explained . Modest revenue also flows from tourism and visitor accommodation . "  As it is the remotest inhabited island in the world , the Tristanians are already very self sufficient , being able to produce many of their own foodstuffs  like fish , livestock and potatoes  , " Mitcham said . However , the cost of living has increased in recent years , he added . With limited transport and communication links , the islanders are also keen to see how they can reduce their reliance on fossil fuels , improve the energy efficiency of properties and reduce imports . "  We are slowly updating 40-year old infrastructure , " Mitcham said of the last time the island experienced a major redesign . That modernization happened roughly a decade after the island was evacuated temporarily due to ongoing volcanic activity . Before that period , the main way for the islanders to communicate with the outside world was by Morse code . Things have already changed a lot since then , however . "  A new water system , electrical system and waste water system have just been completed , " Mitcham said . "  And with the 200th Anniversary of the founding of Tristan  2016  almost upon us it is an appropriate time to look at new initiatives that may be able to help the future viability of the community . " Interested architects have until mid-June to submit their initial ideas . The best will be whittled down to an initial 20 and then five after further analysis between June and September . Porter and Mitcham say the islanders will have to apply to the UK and possibly the EU for grants to fund the project . The winner is penciled in to be announced in June 2016 . The most important aspect for applicants is to "  identify cost-effective and practical solutions to improve the energy efficiency  through renewable energy sources  of properties , " Mitcham said "  as well as modernizing ... government structures . "	Tristan da Cunha holds competition for architects and designers Islands are most isolated inhabited archipelago on earth
CNN  I suppose we should have seen it coming , really . Back in the fall , when Romneyworld was buzzing about another candidacy , the storyline was this : It 's in the realm of the "  truly hypothetical , " I was told , with a strong suggestion that Mitt Romney would only run as part of a late-entrant party-savior scenario . "  A lot of people ... are rooting for him to get in , " said one inside source . "  Romney 's not one of them . " Well , I guess he is now . What a difference a few months makes . Now , multiple sources inside the Romney bubble tell me  and everyone else  that they "  bet " that he gets in the race . And we will know something within "  the next few weeks . " He had a great midterm election , they point out .  As in : he campaigned like crazy for candidates who won in red states that Romney had won .  He believes that he was right on foreign policy positions that he was "  mocked " for during the 2012 campaign .  As in : Russia is our "  No. 1 geopolitical foe . "  Oh , and by the way , he still thinks he can manage the economy better than anyone out there . But , almost to a person , those close to Romney also say this : do n't get too analytical about this new decision . One source close to Romney , who has spoken with him about this calculation , puts it this way : "  This is about the burning ambition of a guy who believes he would be a great president . He believes he is the right guy for the job . Period . It 's not complicated . " Which brings us to the rationale for the rest of the ever-expanding field , which is also not complicated : why not run ? It 's not very often that you have the conjunction of two key situations -- an open Oval Office and a party without an obvious frontrunner . The GOP establishment has not coalesced around New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , as some thought might happen . Jeb Bush , another somewhat unexpected contender , has never run in a presidential primary . The tea party has a gaggle of candidates to choose from , and has n't settled , either . So , from a cost-benefit standpoint , there 's no downside for those entering the presidential sweepstakes for the first time . Let 's say you know you probably wo n't win , but -- looking back at the last campaign -- you 'll probably get your 15 minutes of fame .  Can you say Herman Cain ?  It 's a good way to elevate yourself if you bring anything at all to the table . And even if you do n't , it 's still a good platform from which you can increase your speech fees , board availabilities and TV appearances . So get behind that podium , asap . Romney , of course , is in a different category : he has more to lose . He 's a man who lost in 2012 with grace and carried on in the same manner . He was indefatigable during the midterms . Here 's the rub : Once you have been a party 's nominee , and you vie again , you need to do well . Looking back into semi-recent history , Richard Nixon stands out as a winner on that level , nominated in 1960 , nominated again by Republicans and winning in 1968 . Democratic nominee Adlai Stevenson , the other hand , not so much . He ran against Dwight Eisenhower and lost in 1952 and lost again in 1956 . Generally , one-time presidential nominees who lose tend to decide they 're not up for the thrill of it all again . And while Romney allies swear this decision is n't about the qualifications of the rest of the field , he clearly has n't looked around and found a candidate he thinks is as good as he is . "  He 's not motivated by some sense of entitled ambition , " says a Romney ally . "  It 's just that Romney looks at the field and believes he has a lot to offer . And we think experience is an advantage . " Translation : These other guys have no idea what they 're in for , and I do . A favorite analogy of Romney supporters is the Super Bowl . "  It makes a big difference to have been there before , " says one adviser . Another finds the analogy helpful when referring to Jeb 's now-famous declaration  and Romney jab  that the GOP nominee needs to be willing to "  lose the primary to win the general " to keep principles intact . "  The process is the process , " this Romney supporter says . "  You ca n't show up at the Super Bowl and say ' I wish it was an 80-yard field . ' " In other words , Jeb , you have to win the primaries in order to win the nomination . Underlying all of this are two Romney presumptions . First , that he would be a better candidate . And next , that he would run a better campaign . That remains to be seen . But here 's what is already obvious : Republicans see Hillary Clinton as probably inevitable as the Democratic nominee and completely gettable as their opponent . They believe the Democrats ca n't duplicate the Obama coalition without Obama . They understand the gender gap will grow , but they figure Clinton 's liabilities will grow , too -- as a candidate and as a former secretary of state . "  Romney was a poor candidate up against a machine and he got 47 % of the vote , " says a Democratic strategist . "  I do n't blame them for thinking they can win . " Romney could not have said it better himself .	Gloria Borger : Romney seemed uninterested months ago , but now he 's looking at it seriously He likes his chances in the very crowded GOP presidential field
CNN  -- After 22 years on death row , Debra Milke is close to freedom . A jury convicted the Arizona woman , now 49 , of murder , conspiracy to commit murder , child abuse and kidnapping on October 12 , 1990 , less than a year after her 4-year-old son was found dead . A judge sentenced her to death a few months later . But those convictions and the related sentence were tossed out Thursday by a federal appeals court judge . In explaining his decision , Chief Judge Alex Kozinski of the federal 9th Circuit Court of Appeals chided the prosecution for remaining "  unconstitutionally silent " on the "  history of misconduct " of its key witness , a Phoenix police detective . "  The Constitution requires a fair trial , " Kozinski wrote . "  This never happened in Milke 's case . " A day after seeing Santa Claus at a mall , young Christopher Milke asked his mother if he could go again . That was the plan , she said , when the boy got into the car with Milke 's roommate , James Styers . Styers picked up a friend , "  but instead of heading to the mall , the two men drove the boy out of town to a secluded ravine , where Styers shot Christoper three times in the head , " according to Kozinski 's summary of the case . Styers was convicted of first-degree murder in the boy 's killing and sentenced to death . The detective , Armando Saldate , said the friend told him that Debra Milke was involved in a plot to kill her son . But neither the friend nor Styers testified to that assertion in court . In fact , "  no other witnesses or direct evidence  linked  Milke to the crime " other than Saldate 's testimony . After pleading not guilty , Milke stood trial and tried to convince a jury that her account -- and not the detective 's -- was the true one . "  The trial was , essentially , a swearing contest between Milke and ... Saldate , " said Kozinski . The detective testified he "  did n't buy " Milke 's reaction after he informed her that her son was dead . After that , Saldate said he placed Milke under arrest . In a subsequent interrogation , she confessed that her role in the murder conspiracy was a "  bad judgment call , " the detective said . But Milke offered a vastly different view of the interrogation and denied that she had confessed to any role in a murder plot . There was no recording of the interrogation , no one else was in the room or watching from a two-way mirror , and Saldate said he threw away his notes shortly after completing his report . "  The judge and jury believed Saldate , " said Kozinski of the verdict and sentence . "  But they did n't know about Saldate 's long history of lying under oath and other misconduct . " Specifically , the judge noted that the detective had been suspended five days for taking "  liberties " with a female motorist and lying about it to his supervisors ; that judges had tossed out four confessions or indictments because Saldate had lied under oath ; and that judges suppressed or vacated four confessions because Saldate had violated a person 's constitutional rights . "  The state knew of the evidence in the personnel file and had an obligation to produce the documents , " Kozinski said . " ... There can be no doubt that the state failed in its constitutional obligation . " The judge ordered "  the state " to turn over Saldate 's personnel records to Milke 's lawyers , after which "  a police official " must state under oath that everything has been disclosed and nothing has been "  omitted , lost or destroyed . " Once this is done , a district court must order Milke 's release unless prosecutors tell the court within 30 days that they plan to retry her soon . "  In the balance hangs the life of Milke , " Kozinski said , explaining the importance of his decision to overturn her convictions .	Debra Milke was convicted of murder in her son 's death , given the death penalty There was no evidence tying her to the crime , but a detective said she confessed This detective had a "  history of misconduct , " including lying under oath , a judge says "  The Constitution requires a fair trial . This never happened in Milke 's case , " he adds
CNN  -- A New York-bound plane left Madrid-Barajas Airport in Spain only to return , where it ran off the runway but did not crash , an airport spokesman said . There are no reported injuries . The pilot of Delta flight 415 , which was headed to JFK International , reported to the control tower there was a mechanical problem with the Boeing jet and requested to return to the airport . The plane is on a taxiway being inspected and repaired . Spanish newspaper El Pais reported the problem was related to the hydraulic system . Delta Air Lines issued a statement saying the plane turned around "  for precautionary reasons . " "  The flight landed normally and the passengers deplaned normally , " it said . Asked whether the plane went off the runway , a Delta spokeswoman said she could n't comment beyond the statement . The airline has put most , if not all , of the passengers in hotels , she said .	Delta flight 415 returned to Madrid shortly after takeoff ; no injuries reported Airline says return was "  precautionary , " while airport reports mechanical problem Spanish newspaper El Pais says problem was related to hydraulic system
CNN  -- Hungary awoke Monday to a new political landscape after the center-right opposition Fidesz party took decisive election victory , ending eight years of Socialist rule . Fidesz won two-thirds of the votes in Sunday 's second round of parliamentary elections , gaining 263 of the 386 seats -- enough to allow it to govern without forming alliances . Fidesz leader Viktor Orban characterized the vote -- which also saw gains by the far-right -- as a "  revolution " in the Eastern European country that was under Soviet control from 1945 to 1991 . "  Today there was revolution in the polling booths , " Fidesz leader Viktor Orban told a crowd of supporters , according to Hungary 's MTI news agency . "  Hungarians have overthrown the system and created a new one . The old system of leaders misusing their power was replaced by one of national unity . " While the Socialist party took second place with 59 seats , it was closely followed by the far-right Jobbik party , making its parliamentary debut . Jobbik has come under international criticism for what many perceive as anti-Semitic statements and for its verbal attacks on the country 's gypsy , or Roma , minority . Ahead of the vote , the Socialists has seen their support dwindle as they struggled to push through a broad reform program , tackling the country 's education and health care systems . Their problems were compounded when the global recession hit Hungary hard . In late 2008 , it had to borrow $ 27 billion from the International Monetary Fund as unemployment climbed into the double digits and the economy shrunk . The party was also derailed by scandals and accusations of corruption . In 2006 , Hungarian radio played a leaked tape where former Prime Minister and Socialist Party member Ferenc Gyurcsany admitted that his party lied to the public to win that year 's general election . Journalist Fanny Facsar contributed to this report .	Fidesz won 263 of the 386 seats in parliament . The Socialists won 59 A second round of balloting was held in 57 constituencies where no clear winner emerged Fidesz promising tax cuts , new jobs to address Hungary 's economic problems Hungary was forced to take $ 27 billion loan in 2008 from the IMF to keep its economy afloat
CNN  -- Snow is bear-hugging parts of New England Tuesday . Again . For those shivering near Boston , you 're not alone . The seemingly forever-frigid temperatures this winter have turned arcane weather terms viral .  Think : polar vortex In fact , this onslaught of the white stuff has many cities close to marking their snowiest winter in history . Here are some potential record-breaking places , according to CNN 's weather unit Indianapolis This season Indianapolis has been coated with 52 inches of snow . And that 's not far behind the previous record , set in 1981-82 when the Indiana city had 58.2 inches of snow , according to CNN 's weather unit tally . Philadelphia The City of Brotherly Love has been hit with a little more than 58 inches of snow this season . That 's the third snowiest winter ever , according to the CNN weather unit . Though there have been some blockbuster storms this year , it would take a monstrous blizzard to break the 2009-10 record when the area was hit with more than 78 inches of snow . Toledo There could be a record snowfall in Toledo , Ohio , by the end of the week . As of Tuesday morning , 72.4 inches had fallen in the area , the second-most ever . That 's very close to the record 73.1 inches that fell in 1977-78 Detroit The Motor City has been immobilized by snow this winter . More than 77 inches have fallen , the third-most in history . Detroit may not beat a centuries-old record , though . The all-time record is 93.6 recorded in the winter of 1880-81 . Cincinnati Compared to other regions , Cincinnati has n't been hit that hard . The Ohio city has had 44 inches of snow this season . That 's the fifth-snowiest winter in history . The record is 53.9 , which fell in a winter of 1977-78 . New York The Big Apple has had its share , totaling a little more of 57 inches . That is the seventh-snowiest winter on record , behind the record 75 inches that fell in 1995-96 . CNN 's Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Several cities are close to record-level snowfall New York , Philadelphia , Detroit are among those looking at possible records Toledo could break its record this week
Washington  CNN  -- In an effort to confront the growing problem of global counterfeiting of U.S. consumer goods , the government Tuesday launched a campaign designed to grab the public 's attention . A series of catchy and dramatic TV and radio public service announcements and print ads were unveiled at a White House event headed by Attorney General Eric Holder and several other administration officials . The officials stressed the negative impact the sale of tons of counterfeit goods is having on the U.S. economy . The majority of the "  knockoff " products originate in China , officials said . The low prices available from the online crime groups are hard for consumers to resist . "  The lure of the bargain overcomes the moral compass every time , " said Ann Harkins , president and CEO of the National Crime Prevention Council . Officials said research shows the American public believes intellectual property theft is a harmless , victimless practice . "  Make no mistake , IP crimes are anything but victimless , " Holder said . " ... these crimes can destroy jobs , suppress innovation , and jeopardize the health and safety of consumers . " Officials emphasized the personal danger from buying cheaper fake medicines and pills online . They also focused on the cost to artists , musicians , and others who are victims of knockoff DVDs and free downloads . That message was effectively driven home by a single performer . In a dramatic new PSA unveiled Tuesday , a young female street musician sings and plays her guitar , and watches dumbfounded as members of her audience start taking money rather than putting it in her open guitar case . The announcer then declares "  illegal downloads are not victimless crimes . " The singer-songwriter Addie Braunley was on hand for the event .	Series of catchy ads and PSAs focus on victims of intellectual property crimes The majority of the "  knockoff " products originate in China , officials say Crimes affect jobs , innovation and consumer safety , attorney general says
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Lebanon 's southern border with Israel  VBS.TV  -- Deposited along Lebanon 's southern border with Israel are vast numbers of American-made cluster bombs buried beneath the grasses of the region 's valleys . Originally used by the Israeli military to combat Hezbollah forces firing rockets across the border , the bombs impacted in the soil were being ferreted out by a small U.N. team from the French battalion . Eddy Moretti , VBS 's creative director , and a small film crew donned camouflaged PPO -- protective personal equipment -- and tagged along on one of their minesweeping missions in October 2007 . We were brought first to an abandoned soccer field . Yellow rope was strung around the field and the surrounding forest , indicating areas that had already been cleared . One soldier stood over a patch of grass and a small pile of scrap metal . "  This morning , we started here at 6:00 . Two hours later , " he said , pointing to a the yellow rope four feet farther into the forest , "  we are here . " The team estimates that it has scanned about 18 percent of the area that the Israeli army blanketed in cluster bombs during the conflicts with Hezbollah . Every time a single bomb is launched , it releases dozens of submunitions that fall across the landscape , many of which fail to detonate and now cover about 12,500 square meters of the region . By the time we met up with the team , it had retrieved 53 submunitions . They believe that approximately 1 million of the parent bombs are hidden in Lebanon 's southern valleys alone . Procedurally , the task is daunting : Inch by inch , they push forward , chopping the long grasses with garden shears to increase ground visibility and then running over the area slowly with minesweepers . The minesweepers are handheld devices that look like typical metal detectors , emitting a variety of high-pitched whines that vary depending on the density of the ground . This day , the team pushed on together slowly , sensitive to each of the various frequencies and graciously telling us as soon as they found something . By the end of the afternoon , they had unearthed a single submunition -- not a bad haul by any stretch . It was a 155-millimeter explosive about the size of a fist . This represents just one of 88 submunitions that are held inside each American-made cluster bomb . The team detonated the explosive , surrounding it with sandbags and standing a safe distance away . After the explosion , Eddy surveyed a large hunk of detonated submunition : "  Two lives saved ? " The French U.N. team leader nodded . "  Yes , two lives . Or two legs . " See more of this story at VBS.TV .	Bombs buried in the soil along Lebanon 's southern border with Israel were ferreted out Small U.N. team from the French battalion assigned to remove cluster bombs Team estimates it 's scanned about 18 percent of the area blanketed in cluster bombs
BILOXI , Mississippi  CNN  -- While most voters this year have said the economy or Iraq is their top priority , some Mississippi voters have a different focus -- recovering from Hurricane Katrina . Hurricane Katrina ravaged Biloxi , Mississippi , when the storm tore through in 2005 . Mississippi , which holds its primaries on Tuesday , was hit hard by the storm in 2005 . Two-and-half years later , the evidence of the damage is all too clear . "  Some folks care , some people just do n't , " said John Nutter , who lives in Biloxi . His brother Derrel cries as he speaks of the house his father built . The mortgage company just foreclosed on the family home -- the home he grew up in . Watch the brothers talk about their struggle " Mark Jones , president of Urban Life Missions , moved to the battered Gulf Coast region to help people in need . Jones says his organization does n't have the money to help the Nutter family . "  Everything the candidates are talking about is important to the candidates , but I do n't believe it 's hitting the pulse of what 's happened to the Gulf and the people here , " he said . Katrina was "  the single most catastrophic natural disaster in U.S. history , " according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency . It devastated more than 90,000 square miles , led to the displacement of 270,000 Americans and inflicted more than $ 81 billion in damage . But the irony is as families are still struggling to get back on their feet , casino business in Biloxi is booming . Biloxi Mayor A.J. Holloway says the casinos raked in more than a billion dollars in gross revenue this year . That money has gone toward new schools , but individual homeowners need something else . "  We still need to have some type of stimulus , that the government could come in , that they could put in some businesses . ... Something like that , that can bring more people in here , more money and better jobs , " he said . A recent poll shows Sen. Barack Obama leading Sen. Hillary Clinton 58-34 percent in Mississippi . The American Research Group poll questioned 600 likely Democratic primary voters and has a sampling error of plus or minus 4 percentage points . The poll was conducted March 5-6 . Clinton and Obama have been talking about their plan for Gulf Coast recovery as they 've campaigned in Mississippi , which has 33 delegates at stake . "  When Katrina and Rita struck the Gulf Coast , the president did not respond , " Clinton told supporters in Canton , Mississippi . "  I have said that I will do whatever I can to make up for lost time as your president . " Clinton said she would have someone in the White House who is responsible for updating her on the rebuilding process every day . Obama on Monday vowed that the "  failed policies of the last 7 years " -- including Hurricane Katrina -- will be over next year . "  If we 're spending $ 12 billion a month in Iraq , we can spend some of that money right here in the United States of America , rebuilding roads and bridges and hospitals and schools and putting people back to work all across Mississippi , rebuilding the Gulf Coast , rebuilding after the storm -- that work is not yet done , " he said in Columbus . Looking ahead to Tuesday 's primary , voters along the state 's Gulf Coast say the next two years must be better regardless of who wins the White House , because things ca n't get any worse . "  I 'm going to be honest with you , I think in a few days we 're going to be out on the streets . We 've got nowhere else to go , " John Nutter said . E-mail to a friend	Mississippi still recovering from Hurricane Katrina State holds its primaries Tuesday Most voters looking for a candidate who can help the area rebuild Biloxi has seen a boost from the casino industry
CNN  -- Yes , Americans are stressed over the economy . A new poll finds that Americans are sleeping less because of economic stress and demands of modern life . Our day seems shorter , schedules are crammed and precious sleep hours are sacrificed -- tossing , turning or working . Adding onto that is Daylight Saving Time , which begins Sunday at 2 a.m. when Americans will have to set their clocks ahead by an hour . Released this week , the National Sleep Foundation 's annual poll estimated that Americans get an average of about 6.7 hours of sleep during a weekday . The annual Sleep in America poll estimated the hours of sleep have gradually decreased . Over the last decade , the poll indicates that a growing percentage of Americans is getting less than six hours of sleep and the number of people who get eight or more hours is dwindling . The poll had a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points . National Sleep Foundation is a nonprofit organization of researchers , patients and health care facilities . It said it does not solicit or accept funding for its annual Sleep in America polls . "  In the last few years , we 've seen the economy take a nose dive , and more people are affected by that , " said Dr. Raj Kakar , a medical director at the Dallas Center for Sleep Disorders . "  More people are stressed . Stress is associated with sleep deprivation , anxiety , depression and sleeplessness . The economy is a major factor why people are losing sleep . " The findings echo a survey conducted by the American Psychological Association , which reported last year that 52 percent of 7,000 respondents were losing sleep at night from stress . Aside from financial anxieties , in just a decade society has become more around-the clock and more complex . "  This has been more insidious over two decades , " Kakar said . "  With the advent of the Internet , cell phone , Blackberries , we 're seeing our society is increasingly 24-7 . People are able to be active at any time from anywhere , and it causes people to be more active around the clock . This increased activity is essentially giving sleep less importance . " The mean hours of sleep on a weeknight dwindled from an average of 7 hours in 2001 to 6.7 hours this year , according to the Sleep Foundation 's poll . It could be that life in 2009 has more distractions , said Dr. David Schulman , the medical director of the Emory Clinic Sleep Disorders laboratory in Atlanta , Georgia . So what 's taking time away from sleep ? "  It 's been entertainment , Internet , playing games or TV . People have all sorts of distractions they did n't have back then  in previous years  , " Schulman said . Centuries ago , people routinely slept eight to nine hours a day , he said . But now , only about a quarter in the survey reported getting eight or more hours of sleep . Doctors warn about the effects of sleep deprivation , such as car accidents , depression , anxiety and cardiovascular problems . Doctors recommend seven to eight hours a day . Schulman likened sleep deprivation to chronic alcoholism . "  When you 're chronically drunk , you ca n't tell when you 're drunk , " he said "  If you 're chronically sleep deprived , you ca n't tell when you 're sleepy . You lose the ability to detect how tired you are . It 's not unusual to fall asleep behind the wheel . " But there is contradicting research on how much sleep Americans are getting . John Robinson , a sociology professor at the University of Maryland , challenged the notion that people are sleeping less in the 24-7 treadmill of modern life . "  There has been no decline in sleep . It 's been sustained , " he said , according to time-use surveys that date back to 1965 . Robinson , a past director of the Americans ' Use of Time Project , monitored time-use diaries to track how people spend their day . Since 2003 , the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the U.S. Census Bureau have gathered time-use information that has consistently reported that Americans sleep 8.6 hours a day . Dr. Neil Kavey , director of the Sleep Disorder Center at New York-Presbyterian at Columbia University Medical Center , said the statistic is difficult to believe , especially from his New York City practice . "  I ca n't believe that people get that much sleep in this busy world of ours , " Kavey said . "  I think a lot of people need 8.6 hours of sleep , but I think very few people get it . " The huge disparities in the results from the Sleep Foundation 's poll and the government 's time diaries could be attributed to different methodologies , experts on each side said . The Sleep Foundation 's annual findings are based on a telephone survey of 1,000 people in which the participants are asked to estimate the number of hours they usually sleep . Meanwhile , the government 's time use surveys ask people to detail hour-by-hour how they spent the previous day . Between 2003 and 2005 , about 37,000 people were surveyed . The time use surveys may overestimate sleep , because sleeplessness such as insomnia , tossing and turning and lying awake are categorized as sleep , said Dr. Chris Drake , clinical psychologist at Henry Ford Hospital Sleep Disorders and Research Center in Detroit , Michigan . "  You may actually sleep four hours , but you 're in bed for eight hours , " said Drake , who is a board member with the National Sleep Foundation . "  They 're counting that as eight hours of sleep . " Despite differences in the average hours , researchers and experts agree that stress and work rob a person of sleep . During tough economic times , people might work longer hours to avoid the risk of running behind on their workload and the possibility of a layoff . If a person is working more , he or she borrows that time from sleep . "  That 's a bad loan , " Kavey said . "  There 's a lot of bad loans going around . Borrowing from sleep is a bad way to go . " And modern society gets some of the blame . "  Our society has valued people who brag about being able to function on very little sleep as a mark of someone who is aggressive , dynamic , successful , " Kavey said . "  Well , forget that . Admire someone who puts focus on sleep and is not making mistakes  from sleep deprivation  . "	Annual sleep poll estimates Americans get less sleep , averaging 6.7 hours a day Experts : Society has become 24-7 , more complex Government research , private polling differ on sleep findings
Fukushima , Japan  CNN  -- After talking about spent nuclear fuel rods at Fukushima for more than two years , it is slightly disconcerting to suddenly be a few meters from them . Some 1,500 fuel units to be exact , rest in a cooling pool within the damaged Reactor 4 building . Tokyo Electric Power Co.  TEPCO  , the crippled nuclear plant 's operator , escorted a small group of journalists including CNN , into the heart of the building to show us the preparations being made for an imminent and crucial operation . TEPCO says it will start the difficult process of removing this nuclear fuel in the coming days and transport it to a more stable location 100 meters away . Officials say they have done this more than 1,200 times before under normal circumstances . But considering there was an explosion in the Reactor 4 building days after the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami , these are n't normal circumstances . "  We have removed large debris  from the pool  and cleaned it with a water vacuum , " said plant chief Akira Ono . "  But there is a possibility that very small pieces of debris were left behind . "  If they are stuck between the channel box and the rack , we may not remove fuel smoothly , which will affect the operation 's smoothness . In that sense , we are concerned . " This would certainly be considered one of the more dangerous areas of the plant to work in . Half a dozen men were making final checks to the newly installed crane and hook that would lift the fuel rods from the pool into specially built containers for transportation . All are wearing full protective gear with dosimeters in their left chest pockets to monitor their daily exposure . In the four hours we were on site , our dosimeters showed we were exposed to 0.06 millisieverts , the equivalent of two week 's radiation away from Fukushima , a TEPCO official told me . Driving around the plant , evidence of the devastating tsunami is still perfectly clear two and a half years later . Some building structures remain damaged , as steel girders lie broken and untouched . The cleanup operation is so immense that only essential maintenance is tackled . We were also escorted to the H4N tank area , the scene of a recent leak of contaminated water . The plant is home to about 1,000 storage tanks , holding the irradiated water that has been used to keep the nuclear reactors cool . From the 400,000 ton capacity , TEPCO says 370,000 has already been used . Work is also continuing to try and increase the capability of the ALPS water decontamination system , currently a fairly slow process . Close to the ocean front , we were shown the latest efforts to stop radioactive groundwater from seeping into the Pacific , estimated at around 300 tons a day . The tips of yellow and pink ribbons sticking up from the earth indicate where an underground barrier has been constructed . Liquid cement has been injected into the ground to try and keep the water within the plant itself . The coming days will be crucial to the efforts to stabilize the nuclear power plant . TEPCO rejected alarmist comments from some quarters that any mistake in removing the spent fuel rods could spark another nuclear disaster . Ono told reporters on site , "  I believe it 's nearly impossible . " Time will tell .	Operators of crippled Fukushima nuclear plant to remove fuel rods 1,500 fuel units resting in cooling pool within damaged Reactor 4 building Japanese nuclear plant damaged by earthquake and tsunami in March 2011 Process to remove the spent fuel is complex and potentially dangerous
CNN  -- Q : The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force is releasing new guidelines on cervical cancer screenings . What 's changed ? A : In the 1930s , cervical cancer was the deadliest women 's cancer in America . At that time , it killed more women each year than breast or lung cancer . But over the past 80 years , there has been a tremendous decline in the death rate from cervical cancer because of improvements in treatment and screening . Today , death from cervical cancer is relatively rare in the U.S. . In 2009 , about 4,000 American women died of cancer of the cervix . A review of the medical history of these women showed that the overwhelming majority had never had cervical cancer screening , and most who did were screened more than 10 years before diagnosis . This week , the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force is announcing new recommendations for Pap tests to screen women for cervical cancer . The American Cancer Society  ACS  , the American Society for Colposcopy and Cervical Pathology  ASCCP  and the American Society for Clinical Pathology  ASCP  have also teamed up to publish screening recommendations . Both the task force and the collaborative groups reviewed scientific literature and came to similar conclusions . Both sets of guidelines were published Wednesday . The USPSTF guidelines were published in the Annals of Internal Medicine . The ACS , ASCCP and ASCP guidelines were published jointly in CA : A Cancer Journal for Clinicians , the Journal of Lower Genital Tract Disease and the American Journal of Clinical Pathology . It is hoped that these guidelines will lead to less confusion for health care providers and the public . The new guidelines advise women to reduce the number of tests they receive over their lifetime . This will ensure that women receive the benefits of testing while minimizing the risks . Most surprising of these recommendations is that women under age 21 should not be tested . But it makes sense -- many sexually active women under 21 will develop a human papillomavirus infection , or HPV , which can lead to pre-cancerous lesions . And when doctors see those lesions on a Pap test , they want to treat them . Yet nearly all of those lesions will disappear on their own without residual effects . And those that do not are easily treated years later . Treating them as soon as they 're spotted can lead to cervical incompetence and miscarriage down the road . The task force has also recommended that women over 21 undergo a Pap test screening every three years , instead of annually . This , too , fits with what we know about this disease : HPV can take more than a decade to progress to cervical dysplasia or cancer . Now to the basics . The ACS-ASCCP-ASCP recommendations include these changes from the previous ACS guidelines :  All women should start screening at age 21 . No longer is screening recommended three years after starting vaginal intercourse .  Women aged 21 to 29 should get a Pap test  conventional or liquid-based  every three years . The statement specifically recommends against annual Pap testing . The former guideline called for a conventional Pap test every year , or a liquid-based Pap test every two years , for this age group .  For women 30 and over , Pap tests should be done every three years . The guidelines recommend against annual or more frequent Pap testing for this age group . The previous guidelines said women 30 and over who have had three normal Pap tests in a row may be tested less often -- every two to three years .  Combining the Pap test with HPV testing every three to five years is the preferred strategy for women aged 30 and older .  Screening is not recommended for women 65 or older who have had three or more normal Pap tests in a row and no abnormal Pap test results in the past 10 years , or who have had two or more negative HPV tests in the past 10 years . Additional recommendations are also included in the proposed guidelines :  Women who have a normal Pap result and a positive HPV test result should repeat both tests or receive a gene test called genotyping that determines if they have HPV 16 and 18 . These types of HPVs are known to cause 70 % of cervical cancers . There is no immediate need for a colposcopy .  HPV 16 and 18 are the most common causes of cervical dysplasia and cervical cancer .  Women with a mildly abnormal Pap result  called ASC-US  and a negative HPV test result should follow up with either HPV testing plus a Pap test , or HPV testing alone , at intervals of three years or longer .  Women who have been vaccinated against HPV should begin cervical cancer screening at the same age as unvaccinated women , i.e. at age 21 . The views and opinions expressed in this report are those of the writer and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of CNN or the American Cancer Society .	In 2009 , about 4,000 U.S. women died of cervix cancer New recommendations : Women under 21 should not be tested Combining the Pap test and HPV testing every 3 to 5 years is preferred for ages 30 and older
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Clark James Gable , 22 , the only grandson of legendary actor Clark Gable , was playing with a laser when police arrested him , charging him with a felony this week , his manager told CNN Saturday . Gable is accused of pointing the laser inside the cockpit of a Los Angeles police helicopter flying over Hollywood , authorities said . A friend of Gable , whom the manager said was driving the car Gable was in , is facing the same felony charge , police said . "  Boys will be boys , and he was playing with what he thought was a toy and not a felony piece , " Roxane Davis , Gable 's manager , told CNN . "  From what he told me from jail , he had it out the window and he was shining it out the window , and the next thing he knew was that he had a spotlight on him . "  It 's terrible . He was crying yesterday from jail , " she added . He was being held on $ 250,000 bail . She described the alleged crime "  a huge mistake " and that Gable , an actor , "  regrets anything about it . " Gable , of Canoga Park , California , admitted to authorities that he was pointing the laser recklessly , Davis said . Gable is charged with laser discharge . "  Obviously it was n't intentional . Nobody knew it was a felony , " Davis said . "  They sell those things left and right , and he got it from his mother at a family reunion in Utah over the 4th of July weekend . " CNN left a message Saturday for Gable 's attorney . Gable was released from jail Friday in what Davis described as a publicity stunt by a bail bond firm that posted the bail and arranged for TV news cameras to film his release . Gable did n't authorize the stunt and believes his sister , Kayley , 24 , a reality show star , arranged the event , but Gable wo n't challenge how the firm bailed him out of jail , Davis said . The alleged crime occurred about 10 p.m. Thursday when a police helicopter was patrolling Hollywood . A tactical flight officer noticed a bright green laser light illuminating the cockpit , said Lt. Alex Medel of the Hollywood division . The pilot took evasive action , and the officer saw a vehicle as the source of the laser light , Medel said . The helicopter asked a patrol unit to intercept the car . The car 's occupant struck the helicopter two more times with the laser , police spokeswoman Norma Eisenman said . Davis said the car belonged to and was being driven by Maximillian Anderson , who is a friend of Gable 's . Anderson , 23 , of Calabasas , California , was released from jail Friday after his family posted bond , Davis said . Gable 's court date has been scheduled for August 26 , according to authorities . Gable just completed filming the lead role in a thriller called "  Looking for Clara " in Italy in June , Davis said . On Thursday , he will return to an eight-week acting school program at the New York Film Academy in Los Angeles , Davis said . Before becoming an actor a year ago , Gable was working at a pet store in Agoura Hills , California , unloading dog food for $ 9 an hour and working 56 hours a week , Davis said .	The laser discharge offense is a felony His manager says Clark James Gable was just playing with the laser pointer Gable accidentally pointed the laser at an L.A. police helicopter , the manager says The grandson is also an actor
CNN  The United States is failing its partners . If you want to understand one of the reasons that terrorism has been allowed to spread , it is that the majority of our partners do not have credible and capable special operations forces to respond to and defeat the current threat -- and we 're not doing nearly enough to address the problem . The trouble is that little of our foreign military financing -- including the recent Counterterrorism Partnership Funds -- goes toward this vital facet in our efforts to counter extremism . As a result , violent extremists are making troubling gains . It 's not because we do n't recognize the problem -- nor that we do n't talk the talk . The 2015 National Security Strategy speaks to the importance of American-led partnerships , while the 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review noted that we "  will rebalance our counterterrorism efforts toward greater emphasis on building partnership capacity . " Despite this apparent recognition , the United States is not where it needs to be and instead finds itself constantly responding to crises instead of heading them off because of the failure to prioritize long-term investment in special operations units in key partner nations . As a result of this neglect , since the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , we have seen deadly terrorist attacks not just in the Middle East , but also in Indonesia , India and sub-Saharan Africa . Just look at the case of Kenya . On September 21 , 2013 , Al-Shabaab jihadists attacked the Westgate Mall in Nairobi , executing dozens of unarmed men , women , and children . Less than two years later , at Garissa University , Al-Shabaab jihadists attacked university dormitories , butchering almost 150 people . The perpetrators were separating the Christians from the Muslims and systemically executing the Christians before detonating their suicide vests . During both incidents , the Kenyan forces ' response was horribly executed . Sadly , Kenya is not the exception -- and it is by no means the only country missing out on vital U.S. assistance . In 2015 , U.S. taxpayers are providing $ 5.65 billion in foreign military finance , the majority of which is going to Israel and Egypt . Kenya , meanwhile , was slated to receive a mere $ 1.2 million . Nigeria , which is grappling with the rising threat of violent extremists in the shape of Boko Haram , has been afforded only $ 600,000 . Simply put , the United States is spreading foreign military assistance too thin , while also failing to make necessary long-term commitments . It takes years to build special operations forces with credible capabilities . But although it is a worthwhile investment in terms of resources and energy , U.S. security assistance is not supporting enduring programs that build credible special operations partners . The reality is that we are not selling or giving our partners the capabilities that are critical to defeating the imminent threats they face today in hybrid warfare . We are also failing to develop long-term programs of record , bringing to bear all elements of national power as we did with Plan Colombia . This program , as well as the recent U.S. mission to support our Filipino partners against Abu Sayyaf , demonstrates the power of a persistent presence by U.S. Special Forces when coupled with long-term funding and true interagency cooperation . True , the Section 1206 Global Train and Equip program fulfills some needs , but money from the program only provides limited support -- it is an annual appropriation for "  new and emerging " counterterrorist operations or to support military and stability operations in which the U.S. armed forces are a participant . Another program that builds special operations capacity , the Joint Combined Exchange and Training program , is also insufficient because it is ad hoc and meant to train U.S. forces first and foremost , not our partners . With all this in mind , it is clearly time for Congress to step in and develop a dedicated program that builds out special operations in key nations to help bring the fight to the violent extremists in their own backyards . By investing everywhere , we are investing nowhere , which is why we need to make choices about where the United States and its allies will see maximum benefit . The United States has a choice -- reinforce failure and keep doing what we are doing or change course while we still have time . But to get this right , Congress needs to start out by conducting hearings to find out in detail what current programs are providing to defeat imminent threats . This will mean asking the Departments of State and Defense to lay out a detailed budget with necessary metrics to show what capabilities these programs will provide to counter hybrid threats and when those capabilities will be complete . At the same time , Congress needs to move beyond annual appropriations so that State and Defense planners can do their job , too . Attacks such as Mumbai and Westgate are easy to plan , do not require large amounts of ordinance and can be done in almost any location in the world -- we can expect to see a lot more of these . But with competent and capable partners who are interoperable with other special operations forces and law enforcement , we can start to make progress . It goes without saying that special operations forces are not a panacea for defeating terrorism , the causes of which are complex and diverse . But having credible special operations forces is a great first step . And for many of our partner nations , the special operations capability we give them may be the best chance they have at protecting their populations from extremists at home .	Meaghan Keeler-Pettigrew , Stuart Bradin : U.S. must rethink special forces United States is spreading foreign military assistance too thin , they say
CNN  -- Protesters in parts of Egypt rallied Friday against the government and a vote on a constitution that would ban religious parties , leading to clashes with security forces or demonstrators ' opponents in at least three cities , Egyptian media reported . The demonstrations are the latest by members or supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist group that has regularly protested Egypt 's interim government since Brotherhood-backed President Mohamed Morsy was ousted in a coup in July . Muslim Brotherhood supporters clashed with opponents in parts of Cairo after Morsy loyalists tore down posters supporting the proposed constitution , on which Egyptians will vote Tuesday and Wednesday , the semiofficial Ahram Online news outlet reported . In Giza , security forces fired tear gas at Morsy supporters to disperse their march there , Ahram Online reported . The demonstrators began to march after Friday prayers and clashed with police in various parts of the city , Ahram Online said . Clashes also broke out in al-Sabah city in Suez province , where security forces fired tear gas at a pro-Morsy march , according to the state-run Middle East News Agency . The Muslim Brotherhood-led National Alliance to Support Legitimacy had called for protests , MENA said . The alliance has focused its ire on Egypt 's January 14-15 referendum on a new constitution , which would not only ban religious parties but also put more power in the hands of the military . The alliance has called for a boycott of the referendum . Muslim Brotherhood supporters have continued their protests , even though the government declared the group a terrorist organization last month . The government has threatened to arrest anyone who attends Muslim Brotherhood protests or provides financial support to the organization . Supporters of the organization demand the reinstatement of Morsy , who became the country 's first democratically elected president in 2012 , and the full restoration of their political and social rights . The interim government blames the group for coordinated attacks on churches and government facilities , including a recent bombing of a police headquarters that left 16 dead and more than 100 injured . The military ousted Morsy on July 3 after he was accused of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government . Morsy 's supporters say that the deposed president was n't given a fair chance and that the military has returned to the authoritarian practices of longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak , who was deposed in a popular uprising in 2011 . Morsy is awaiting trial in several cases , including one in which he and 14 other Muslim Brotherhood members face charges stemming from December 2012 protests over a constitution he shepherded into effect . Egyptian authorities have accused Morsy and his staff of ordering supporters to attack protesters after guards and members of the Interior Ministry refused to do it . Morsy and four others are charged with inciting violence , but they are not accused of using force . Eleven others are charged with killing three men , torturing 54 people , using force and possessing weapons . That trial , delayed Wednesday , is expected to resume on February 1 . Morsy , who says he still is Egypt 's legitimate president , has refused to recognize the court 's authority and has yet to accept legal representation for the proceeding . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Sarah Sirgany , Saad Abedine and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Islamist group supporters protest an upcoming vote on a new constitution The constitution would ban religious parties and give the military more power Clashes were reported Friday in at least three cities
NEW HAVEN , Connecticut  CNN  -- A Yale University lab technician was arrested Thursday and charged with murder in the slaying of a graduate student whose body was found in the basement wall of an off-campus medical research building , police said . Raymond Clark , 24 , was arrested and charged with murder , police said . His bond was set at $ 3 million . Raymond Clark was apprehended about 8:10 a.m. ET at a Super 8 motel in Cromwell , Connecticut , where he had spent the night after being released Wednesday following his submission to DNA testing . Bond for Clark has been set at $ 3 million , New Haven Police Chief James Lewis said . Hours after his arrest , Clark appeared in court and did not enter a plea . Standing with chains on his ankles and his palms on a table , he looked only at the judge and spoke only to acknowledge that his rights were read to him . A court date of October 6 was set . Lewis described the killing as an instance of "  workplace violence " but did not elaborate . Watch chief , acquaintances talk about Clark " Annie Le 's body was found in the basement wall of an off-campus medical research building Sunday . She had been strangled . Le , 24 , a pharmacology student , was last seen alive September 8 , the day she appeared in a surveillance video entering a four-story lab at 10 Amistad St. , about 10 blocks from the main campus . Her body was found on what was to have been her wedding day . Lewis said the arrest "  went smoothly . " Watch the police chief announce the arrest " He could not release details about the charges or whether DNA results led police to arrest Clark , who initially was described as a person of interest in the case . "  This arrest warrant has been sealed , so no further information can be released in order to comply with this court order , " Lewis said . Clark could have been arrested Wednesday if he had declined to provide DNA samples and allow police to search his home , but he was released after complying , New Haven city spokeswoman Jessica Mayorga said . Police had been monitoring the motel where Clark was staying . When asked about the arrest , Clark 's attorney David Dworski referred CNN to the statement he released earlier : "  We are committed to proceeding appropriately with the authorities with whom we are in regular contact . " Two other search warrants also were executed Wednesday -- one on property belonging to Clark that was not named in the first warrant and a second for Clark 's vehicle , which was being processed Wednesday evening , Lewis said earlier . He said Clark is a technician who does "  custodial-type " work at the building . Clark answered police questions for a while but later retained an attorney and stopped , Lewis said . Yale President Richard Levin said while the school 's administration is "  relieved " by the news of Clark 's arrest , "  we must resist the temptation to rush to judgment . " Clark , a lab technician at Yale since December 2004 , had nothing in his employment history that "  gave an indication that his involvement in such a crime might be possible , " Levin said in a statement Thursday . Lewis said Clark and Le worked in the same building and passed in the hallway , but he refused to comment further on whether they knew each other . Investigators have collected about 250 pieces of evidence , Lewis said . Watch police discuss the investigation " Lewis earlier said police had reviewed about 700 hours of video and interviewed more than 150 people , some more than once . Watch a timeline leading up to Le 's death " Authorities have not released information on what DNA evidence may have been found , although investigators said earlier that bloody clothing was found hidden above tiles in a drop ceiling in another part of the building . Police have not described the clothes that were found , nor said to whom they might have belonged . Teams of investigators at a Connecticut State Police lab worked through the weekend processing and examining the bloodstained garments . But Thomas Kaplan , editor in chief of the Yale Daily News , said a Yale police official told the college paper that the clothes were not what Le was wearing when she entered the building . Lewis said Wednesday that processing of the building was nearing completion and police would probably clear it Thursday morning . Watch a report on the police saying the killing was no random act " Le was to have been married Sunday on New York 's Long Island to Jonathan Widawsky , a Columbia University graduate student . Le was from Placerville , California , and seemed to have been aware of the risks of crime in a university town . In February , she compared crime and safety at Yale with other Ivy League schools for a piece for B magazine , published by the medical school . Among the tips she offered : Keep a minimum amount on your person . When she walked over to the research building last week , she left her purse , credit cards and cell phone in her office . CNN 's Tom Foreman , Mary Snow and Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect appears in court , does n't enter plea ; October 6 court date set Bond for Raymond Clark set at $ 3 million , police say Police chief describes crime as a case of workplace violence Le 's body was found on what would have been her wedding day
CNN  -- Iraq is on the edge of the precipice as a consequence of the standoff between Shia Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , with the former accusing the latter of engaging in terrorism and the latter accusing the former of dictatorial ambitions . This crisis involves all three major sectarian and ethnic groups in Iraq , with al-Hashimi taking refuge in the autonomous Kurdish region of Iraq as a guest of Iraq 's Kurdish President Jalal Talabani . What happens over the next couple of weeks will determine whether Iraq will continue to exist as a unified state or begin to irretrievably unravel in sectarian strife . Two realities stand out in the midst of all the noise and fury currently surrounding the debate in and over Iraq . First , it is clear that the American venture in Iraq has ended in abject failure at the cost of 4,500 American lives and between 100,000 and 200,000 Iraqi lives . No weapons of mass destruction were found in Iraq , nor was any link established between the Saddam Hussein regime and al Qaeda . Furthermore , as the events of the past few days demonstrate , the United States has been largely unsuccessful in establishing an inclusive , democratic order in Iraq , another objective touted by Washington to justify the invasion of Iraq in 2003 . What the American invasion ended up doing was creating unprecedented sectarian strife and totally debilitating Iraqi capabilities , thus tilting the regional balance of power in the energy-rich Persian Gulf substantially in favor of Iran . Second , it is only Iran that can now prevent Iraq from sliding into the abyss of chaos and disintegration . This argument has a simple logic . Iran is the country with the greatest leverage with the Shia-dominated al-Maliki government . In fact , al-Maliki would not have been able to put together a coalition after haggling for nine months , and become prime minister for a second time after the last elections , had Iran not weighed in on his behalf . Iran is also the state with the greatest stake in keeping Iraq unified and ensuring its sovereignty , because Iraq 's disintegration could adversely affect Iran 's national integrity and its aspirations to become a regional leader in the Middle East . While the major Shia parties in Iraq -- the Dawa Party , the Sadrists , and the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq -- are not Iranian creations per se , all of them are beholden to Iran in multiple ways . Their leaders lived in exile in Iran during Hussein 's rule , and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps trained their militias . Their links with the IRGC and the militias ' dependence on Iranian training and weaponry continue to exist . Whenever the going gets tough for any Iraqi Shia faction , its leaders take refuge in Iran , as Muqtada al-Sadr did time and again over the past few years . Iraqi dependence on Iran is bound to grow now that the Americans -- who had tended to favor the Shia over the Sunni in Iraq -- have departed the shores . The al-Maliki government , its current bombast notwithstanding , will soon realize -- if it has not done so already -- that it is surrounded by a host of latently hostile Sunni Arab neighbors , from Saudi Arabia and Jordan to Egypt and potentially Syria . Iran is its only dependable ally and one which it can not afford to alienate . Iran also forms the lifeline of the Iraqi economy , especially in the predominantly Shia south . Iranian pilgrims flock to the Shia holy cities of Najaf and Karbala , providing livelihood to thousands of Iraqi citizens . Cheap Iranian manufactured products flood the Iraqi market , and Iranian contractors are involved in infrastructure projects such as power , health and housing . Iran is now Iraq 's second largest trading partner after Turkey , which has a near monopoly on trade with Iraqi Kurdistan . Additionally , Iranian financial support keeps many Iraqi Shia institutions , parties , and leaders afloat . In short , the Iraqi government 's dependence on Iran in political and economic terms is of a very high order . This provides Tehran with enormous leverage that it can use , if it so desires , to compel the al-Maliki government to undertake a radical course correction and return to the model of a more inclusive political system rather than one based simply on Shia demographic strength . Shiites constitute approximately 60 % of the Iraqi population , with Sunni Arabs and predominantly Sunni Kurds each accounting for about 20 % . There is every reason to believe that such a course correction is in Iran 's long-term interest for a number of reasons . First , if the Iraqi state disintegrates as a result of al-Maliki 's policies , Iraqi Kurdistan , currently an autonomous entity , will be emboldened to declare itself a sovereign , independent state . This would run contrary to Iranian state interests , since Iran is also home to a restive Kurdish minority whose demands for autonomy border on independence . An independent Kurdish state next to Iranian Kurdistan would not only be a bad example  from the perspective of the Iranian state  for Iranian Kurds , it would also become a center for Kurdish irredentism , stoking demands for pan-Kurdish unity that would have deleterious consequences for both Iran and Turkey . Second , Iran has regional ambitions not only in the Persian Gulf , but also in the broader Middle East region . The Iranian regime is fully aware of the fact that one of the major hurdles in its path toward regional pre-eminence is its Shia character . Much of the rest of the Middle East is predominantly Sunni Muslim . This was a major , if not the primary , reason that Iran 's post-revolution leaders emphasized the "  Islamic " rather than the Shia nature of the Iranian revolution , thus enhancing its appeal among the Sunni majority in the Middle East . Iran 's support to Muslim causes -- the Palestinian cause foremost among them -- regardless of the sectarian composition of the affected Muslim populations has added greatly to the popularity of the Islamic Republic , particularly among the Arab public . Al-Maliki 's sectarian policy is bound to hurt not only Iraqi interests , but also the image of Iran in the Middle East , and adversely affect its ambitions to act as a major player in the region , especially since Iran is perceived as the principal supporter of the al-Maliki government . It is , therefore , in Iran 's interest to rein in al-Maliki 's sectarian proclivities and to maneuver to have him replaced as Iraq 's leader if he is not amenable to Tehran 's advice . Muqtada al-Sadr can be used by Iran to pull the rug from under al-Maliki 's feet , since al-Maliki is now dependent upon the 40-member Sadrist group in Parliament to keep him in office .  The Iraqiya -- the coalition of Sunni and secular Shia groups to which al-Hashimi belongs -- withdrew its support from the governing coalition .  That the Sadrists , one of the three main Shia groups in the Iraqi Parliament , may be contemplating such a move themselves is indicated by their demand on Monday that Parliament be dissolved and new elections held . The Sadrist agenda may , in fact , coincide better with the Iranian one , given al-Sadr 's visceral anti-Americanism , which stands in sharp contrast to al-Maliki 's ambivalence toward the United States . But regardless of this fact , it is becoming increasingly evident that al-Maliki 's current policy runs contrary to Iran 's interests . It is also clear that only Iran is in a position to force him to reverse course and thus to save Iraq from disintegration and civil war . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mohammed Ayoob .	Iraq is facing a sectarian crisis with Shia , Sunni and Kurd factions Mohammed Ayoob : Iran has the most influence over Iraq 's government He says it 's strongly in Iran 's interest to keep Iraq as a single nation Ayoob : The next several weeks could determine the fate of Iraq
Rebel and Syrian forces battled early Saturday for a building that houses state-run TV and radio studios in Aleppo , a day after the U.N. General Assembly approved a resolution that slams the Syrian government for its actions and the U.N. Security Council for its failure to counter the crisis . Elements of the Free Syrian Army took partial control of the Aleppo building , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria , but had to withdraw because of snipers and military shelling . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that TV service has been disrupted . Meanwhile , state-run television , based in Damascus , reported earlier that "  a group of mercenaries and terrorists attacked civilians and the television and radio building in Aleppo and our honorable armed forces are fighting them . " CNN can not independently confirm reports of violence because the government restricts access by foreign journalists . The General Assembly adopted the Saudi-sponsored resolution 133-12 with 31 abstentions . It came a day after Kofi Annan announced his resignation as the U.N. and Arab League special envoy to Syria . He championed a six-point peace plan that has failed to take hold . The resolution notes "  human rights abuses by armed opposition groups " and condemns "  all violence , irrespective of where it comes from , including terrorist acts . " But most of its ire is reserved for President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . It strongly condemns "  the continued widespread and systematic gross violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms by the Syrian authorities and pro-governmental militias . " It cites "  the use of force against civilians , massacres , arbitrary executions , the killing and persecution of protesters , human rights defenders and journalists , arbitrary detention , enforced disappearances , interference with medical treatment , torture , sexual violence , and ill-treatment , including against children . " It also underscores its "  grave concern at the threat by the Syrian authorities to use chemical or biological weapons . " The resolution expresses "  deep concern at the lack of progress towards implementation of the six-point plan " and deplores "  the failure of the Security Council to agree on measures to ensure the compliance of Syrian authorities with its decisions . " General Assembly resolutions are not legally binding , unlike Security Council resolutions . But diplomats at the General Assembly strongly upbraided the Security Council , where Russia and China have vetoed tough resolutions against Syria . Russia , China , North Korea , Iran and Syria were among those voting against the resolution . Algeria , India and Pakistan were among those abstaining . Of Syria 's neighbors , Lebanon abstained , and Iraq , Jordan and Turkey voted for the resolution . U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice hailed the vote "  by an overwhelming majority of U.N. member states . " "  The General Assembly demanded once more that the first step in the cessation of violence be made by the Assad regime , " she said . "  Importantly , the resolution also welcomes the Arab League 's July 22 decision , which calls for Assad to step down and for a transitional government to be formed . The United States is pleased that the General Assembly has made it abundantly clear that Syria 's chemical weapons must remain secure and that members of the regime will be held accountable in the event such weapons are used . " "  The conflict in Syria is a test of everything this organization stands for , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the assembly ahead of the vote . "  I do not want today 's United Nations to fail that test . " Syria 's U.N. ambassador , Bashar Jaafari , called the resolution a "  piece of theater " that serves the interests of other countries in the region . He cited "  foreign interference " and what he called the use of human shields by Syrian rebels . Frank Gaffney , founder of the Center for Security Policy , said the United Nations sometimes builds unreasonable expectations by "  creating the impression that somebody is going to do something about a problem . ... In the end , it almost never can do anything . " But U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said the body can be effective , such as when the Security Council united against former Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi and halted an offensive by his military . Violence intensified across Syria on Friday , and Ban made reference to the violence in Aleppo , the nation 's most populous city . For days , it has been engulfed in fighting between regime forces and rebels . An all-out battle is predicted there . At least 120 people were reported dead in the country 's violence on Friday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees said . The group said that at least 72 of the fatalities occurred in a government massacre in the Hama neighborhood of Arbaeen . As they have every Friday since the uprising began nearly 17 months ago , protesters marched across the country with a theme for the week . Deir Ezzor , the restive province in the east , was the focus of anti-government demonstrators this week : "  heroic Deir Ezzor , the coming victory from the east . " Regime shells have battered the area for weeks , and protesters wanted to show solidarity with the people there . At least seven people were killed in Deir Ezzor on Friday , the LCC said . "  Despite the big battle in Aleppo , we feel that Deir Ezzor is also leading the fight against the Assad regime and most of the cities and villages in the province have been liberated , " said Mohammed Sarmini , a spokesman for the opposition Syrian National Council , the anti-al-Assad political movement based in Turkey . Sarmini said the opposition is working on setting up a secure central command . "  Our main mission is to form local neighborhood councils in order to avoid the cities slipping into chaos once the regime falls , " Sarmini said . "  We had to wait until we had more liberated areas , and now we feel more confident after the latest developments in Aleppo . " Akil Hashem , a retired Syrian general who supports the opposition , said the rebel 's capture of 40 to 60 tanks wo n't make a difference given that the regime still has about 4,000 tanks . Acquiring sophisticated anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons might , Hashem said . Syria has faced a diplomatic blowback over the crisis . A former Syrian Embassy employee speaking on condition of anonymity says the embassy in London is expected to close within two weeks . The former official cited difficulties dealing with British banks in the wake of international sanctions on Syria . "  When I left recently , the embassy had plenty of funds available to continue for some time , but the banks will no longer do business with the embassy . " British authorities , the official said , had been keen to keep the embassy open to maintain channels of diplomatic communication , but that communication now looks set to become much harder . According to the former official , two diplomats have quit the embassy this week . On Monday , the British Foreign office announced the resignation of Khaled al-Ayoubi , the most senior diplomat at the embassy , saying , "  he is no longer willing to represent a regime that has committed such violent and oppressive acts against its own people . " The second diplomat quit his post a few days later . The former official said al-Ayoubi , a career diplomat , asked British officials for a meeting about the embassy 's finances and had gone to the Foreign Office in the middle of last week . In the following days , according to the former employee , he was "  nervous " and had unusually given the staff Friday off work . The following Monday , he called in sick , and later that day , the British Foreign office announced his resignation . The former embassy official said most staff in the embassy do n't believe the Foreign Office explanation because in recent weeks al-Ayoubi had actually been trying to dismiss staff members whom he suspected of supporting the opposition . The former official said that once al-Ayoubi realized that financial constraints would cause the embassy to close , he quit so he could remain in the UK rather than be sent back to war-torn Damascus with his family . CNN has been unable to contact al-Ayoubi . The Foreign Office said it would not comment on private meetings and had no information about the possible closure of the embassy . The Syrian conflict has claimed roughly 17,000 lives , Ban has said .	Fighting reported at radio-TV building in Syria 's largest city Lebanon abstained in the U.N. vote , but other Syrian neighbors voted yes Iran , Russia and China were among the countries voting against Syria 's embassy in London is expected to close soon
