LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Let those other filmmakers focus on world destruction or masked superheroes or beautiful people doing beautiful things . Jason Bateman plays the owner of an extract factory in "  Extract , " Mike Judge 's latest . Mike Judge prefers to deal with real life . Judge , writer and director of "  Office Space " and co-creator of the TV series "  King of the Hill , " has long liked to set his work in the world of malfunctioning copiers and beer-drinking propane salesmen . Even his wicked satire of the future , "  Idiocracy , " focused on the inanities of everyday life , just set 500 years from now . His new film , "  Extract , " is no exception : It 's about a factory owner , Joel  Jason Bateman  , who must deal with a host of employee problems as well as a chilly wife . Of course , Joel 's solutions are n't exactly the stuff of Solomon , but such is the way of comedy . Bateman understands Judge 's motivations . "  He likes to keep everything very middle-of-the-road common people , small town , small problems , relatable , blue-collar , " said the actor , who called Judge "  a ninja of comedy . " "  And those people , they run extract factories ; they make drywall . I mean , it 's the stuff that we all need often goes unnoticed ; he likes to write about those people , and I 'm glad he does . " "  Extract , " which also stars Mila Kunis , Kristen Wiig , J.K. Simmons and a long-haired and heavily bearded Ben Affleck , opens Friday . Judge talked to CNN about his subject matter and his cast . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Where did this idea come from ? I 'd read that you worked in a factory before . Mike Judge : Yeah , it kind of came from all over the place . I 've worked many jobs , and I did work in a factory a couple times -- a place that made guitar amps , and then I worked in a place in Albuquerque -LSB- New Mexico -RSB- , where I grew up , that stuffed those snack boxes with Fritos and candy bars and stuff . CNN : Casting for the film , how did that come together ? Did you have a set idea in your head ? Judge : When I first wrote the first draft , I was n't thinking about anybody in particular and , then I saw "  Arrested Development " years later . I -LSB- 'd -RSB- put the script on the shelf and thought Jason Bateman would be perfect , so I did a rewrite thinking about him but no one in particular for the other characters . I just wrote it and then just did kind of the normal casting process . But then , we were reading people for the character of -LSB- Joel 's friend -RSB- Dean , and my casting director comes in one day and said , "  Ben Affleck is interesting . " And I thought , "  Really , I 've never met the guy . " And I -LSB- also -RSB- thought , "  Yeah , but he 's like strapping , handsome leading-man guy . " Then I started thinking about it , and I love him when he 's a character actor like in "  Dazed and Confused " or "  Shakespeare in Love , " and then I met him , and he just got it . He had this take on him based on a guy he went to high school with . We did a read-through the script , and him and Jason just killing me , I just thought it was just really funny . You know , he was willing to get out of his leading man look and grow a beard . It was really fun . CNN : It was fun to see him do that . It was a different dynamic . Judge : Yeah . I think Ben , actually , I think he enjoyed being this character . I think he has n't gotten to do something like that in a while . In fact , we had a big break -LSB- during shooting -RSB- . ... And he has one scene in the factory , so he had like maybe two or three weeks between the bulk of it and that last scene in it . I got the sense he was really happy to come back and put on his "  Dean " get-up and get back into that character . He was just really fun . CNN : And Joel , he 's a nice guy who just wants to have sex with his wife . It seems pretty simple . Judge : Yeah , and I think he , you know , he , he wants kind of simple things , and he 's worked so hard . It 's maybe be a little bit of a mid-life crisis he 's going through , I think . And he just sort of tests the waters , dips his toe in , doing something a little crazy , and then just everything goes to hell for him . CNN : We saw this with "  Office Space , " too , making the workplace funny . What 's that process like ? Judge : Well , to me , I think there 's a lot of interesting characters -LSB- at work -RSB- , and just the dynamics of a workplace are really ... funny to me . I 've had a lot of jobs , and I think there 's a lot of material there and , I just remember thinking , growing up in the '80s , thinking like everyone on TV shows and movies , these characters seem to have like endless cash . You never see , -LSB- when you -RSB- become an adult and even as a teenager , it 's like , "  OK , I got ta pay my car insurance , and I got ta do this and that . " And then you get a job , and it 's like , you 're there all day . ... I do n't know , I think if your soul does n't get stomped out of you , you can still see the comedy in all of it . So I 'd wanted to do something that 's set in more a blue-collar place like a factory , and it 's told from the point of view of the guy who owns it and sympathetic to him instead of the employee angry at the bosses . CNN : Why extract ? Are you an extract expert ? Judge :  laughs  Well , there was a couple of reasons . There was a book lying around my freshman year in the college dorms that was about food flavoring , and I actually just thought it was kind of interesting . Then years later , south of Austin -LSB- Texas -RSB- , there used to be this really great building ; it was the Adams Extract Factory . ... My Realtor one day , we were looking at a house , and he points to a really nice house in this neighborhood , and he says , "  That 's where the Adams Extract people live . " It 's just this odd item that 's in every grocery store in the country , but you do n't think about it much , and when I 'd say that that 's what it 's about , people start laughing . So I figured I 'm one step ahead of it there .	Mike Judge 's new movie , "  Extract , " is comedy set in a factory Judge gravitates towards the workplace , sees "  a lot of material " in jobs Film stars Jason Bateman , who calls "  Office Space " creator "  a ninja of comedy "
CNN  -- Doctors taking the modern Hippocratic oath swear to "  abstain from whatever is harmful or mischievous , " but the investigation into plots to bomb targets in Britain suggests a group of medics may have ignored that vow . Dr. Mohammed Asha is suspected of being involved in the weekend 's alleged terror plot in Britain . None has been charged -- only detained , questioned or sought -- but British and Australian media are reporting it is no coincidence that all of those detained or questioned so far in the probe share the same profession . "  Investigators believe a network of up to a dozen medics from the Middle East were sent to infiltrate -LSB- Britain 's National -RSB- Health Service as a cover for terrorist operations , " reported The Daily Telegraph in Australia , where two doctors were being questioned about the plot . Meanwhile , British tabloids have splashed the face of Jordanian physician Mohammed Asha across their Web sites , along with headlines such as "  Doctor Evil " and "  Doctor , father , husband ... bomb suspect . " Watch how the probe led police to Australia " Reports that those being questioned or detained by authorities are in the medical profession -- and even employees of the National Health Service -- prompted Britain 's Daily Mirror tabloid to publish the headline "  Docs of War . " Asha , 26 , and his 27-year-old wife , reported to be a laboratory technician , were arrested Saturday in what police called a dramatic highway raid in northern England , hours after two men drove a Jeep Cherokee full of explosives and gas canisters into Scotland 's Glasgow Airport . Asha 's neighbors in Newcastle-under-Lyme in North Staffordshire said another doctor of South Asian descent was part of the probe . Forensic teams were searching that unnamed doctor 's home , about two miles from Asha 's house , but it is unclear if this physician or his wife is in police custody . Police search for evidence " Police have identified one of the men suspected in the Glasgow attack as a 27-year-old Iraqi doctor , Bilal Abdulla , who worked at Royal Alexandra Hospital in Glasgow . The other man in the car is in critical condition with severe burns at Royal Alexandra . British media have identified him as Dr. Khalid Ahmed . Police reportedly were tracking both men since Friday , when they were linked to two car bombs parked in central London . Two other suspects , described only as 25 - and 28-year-old men , were detained Monday at Royal Alexandra after police searched doctors ' quarters there . Police have not indicated whether the men are doctors , but sources close to the investigation said they were Saudi medical students . In Australia , police were questioning two doctors Monday , one of whom , Mohammed Haneef , 27 , was an Indian national working at a Brisbane hospital , Australian officials said . Haneef formerly worked at a hospital in Liverpool , England , where hospital and police officials say another doctor was detained Sunday . Haneef was detained at Brisbane Airport before he boarded a flight to India , police said . The other doctor in Brisbane was being questioned by Australian authorities but was not officially in police custody , said Queensland Premier Peter Beattie . Paul Wilkinson , chairman of the Center for the Study of Terrorism and Political Violence at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland , said Tuesday it should come as no surprise if the men are determined to be terror conspirators -- regardless of their profession .  Osama bin Laden 's top lieutenant , Ayman al-Zawahiri , is an Egyptian doctor . "  Their oaths as doctors are overridden by their need to conduct a global jihad , " he said , conceding that the public is likely to be shocked "  to find that people who are trained in saving lives are assisting in causing deaths on a large scale . " Added Richard Barnes , who chaired the homeland and border security conference in London where Wilkinson made his remarks : "  It is important to understand how someone who can take an oath to save lives can then plan to take life in the most hideous way possible . " But even if terrorism experts are coming to grips with the notion that would-be bombers can come from the medical profession , Britain 's medical professionals are still incredulous . "  We are a healing profession , " Prasad Rao , chairman of the British International Doctors Association , told The Guardian newspaper . "  It shocked me to hear that a doctor could remotely be connected to the people who are trying to kill and maim people for no reason . " Rao further told the newspaper that , if convicted , the men being questioned or detained in the plot violated more than the law . "  A doctor 's duty , even if he finds an injured terrorist , is to give medical help , " Rao said . "  You never knowingly help or assist an individual to kill and maim others . You take the Hippocratic oath , and you do not discriminate on the basis of color or gender or religion . " E-mail to a friend	Australian paper says police believe up to 12 medics could be involved in plots British tabloids publish stories with headlines like "  Dr. Evil " and "  Docs of War " Doctors have been questioned or detained in Australia , England , Scotland Expert says some doctors ' desire to conduct jihad could override their oaths
CNN  A previously unknown species of catfish has been named for the wide-eyed , puckered-mouth "  Star Wars " character it resembles . Its scientific name is Peckoltia greedoi , and it is known for its large , dark eyes , puckered lips and protruding bristles . But you can call him Greedo , in honor of the bounty hunter from "  Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope . " You might remember him from the cantina scene on Mos Eisley , where he was killed by Han Solo while attempting to collect on a debt for Jabba the Hutt . "  I think it was the whole package that evoked Greedo , but particularly the eyes and the underslung mouth , " said Jonathan Armbruster , biological sciences professor and curator of fishes at the Auburn University Museum of Natural History . Armbruster made the connection in September with colleagues David Werneke , Milton Tan and Chris Hamilton . But , like many things in academia , it took a while to make it official . The specimens were found in 1998 by researchers along the Gurupi River in Brazil . Armbruster obtained them in 2005 from a museum in Porto Alegre for a manuscript he was preparing on the genus , "  thinking they were unusual . " He designated them as another existing species , Peckoltia vittata , in a 2008 paper , "  although I had not been comfortable with that designation . " He examined them again in September and discovered they were different from Peckoltia vittata . After talking it over with his colleagues , they realized he was a clear ringer for Greedo . "  As a 7-year-old kid , I watched "  Star Wars " in the theater , and it was a life-changing experience for me , " said Armbruster . "  I became a lifelong fan , and I now share that with my son . Greedo has always been a personal favorite of mine . " Greedo became the object of controversy when Lucasfilm re-released the original Star Wars trilogy in 1997 . A reworked scene showed Greedo firing a shot at Solo before Solo fired back . In the 1977 release , Han is the only one to fire , prompting backlash from fans and giving rise to the phrase "  Han Shot First . "	Catfish with large , dark eyes and puckered lips named after bounty hunter Greedo Greedo is the bounty hunter killed by Han Solo in "  Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope "
CNN  At least two people were taken into custody as protesters upset over the death of Freddie Gray scuffled Thursday evening with police on the streets of Baltimore . Tensions rose as demonstrators confronted police , several of whom shouted : "  Back up ! " The Baltimore Police Department said the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property . There were no other arrests and the protests -- on the whole -- were peaceful . Protesters rallied at City Hall before marching to a police station . Some walked through traffic . In one instance , they surrounded a police car . Gray died Sunday , one week after he was arrested by Baltimore police . At some point , he suffered a severe spinal cord injury . His family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died . "  The police have a lot of questions that need to be answered , " Andrew O'Connell , an attorney for the Gray family , told CNN . "  What was the reasonable suspicion ? Why were they arresting our client ? These are pretty big questions that need to be answered . " "  He had no weapon in his hand . He was committing no crime and he was n't hurting anybody . The police had no reasonable suspicion to stop or arrest him , " the attorney said . While Baltimore police say five of the six officers involved in the arrest have provided statements to investigators , the department has not released details of what the officers said or how Gray might have suffered the fatal injury . Protesters are upset over the apparent lack of information , and -- recently -- a police union 's comparison of the demonstrations to a "  lynch mob . " "  While we appreciate the right of our citizens to protest and applaud the fact that , to date , the protests have been peaceful , we are very concerned about the rhetoric of the protests , " the Baltimore Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 3 said in a statement issued Wednesday . "  In fact , the images seen on television look and sound much like a lynch mob in that they are calling for the immediate imprisonment of these officers without them ever receiving the due process that is the constitutional right of every citizen , including law enforcement officers . " Scenes from Baltimore That comparison drew swift and sharp criticism , given the history of lynchings of African-Americans in the United States . Rooted in the racial ire of the Civil War , the extrajudicial mob killings of blacks , other minorities and people opposed to oppression of minorities were common in the segregated South . More than 4,000 people were murdered between 1877 and 1950 in 12 Southern states , according to a recent report . But lynchings were n't restricted to the South , and they have deeply scarred race relations in the country . "  Which one is the #LynchMob again ? " John Cotton tweeted , posting a photo of a peaceful protest next to photos of Gray during his arrest and hospitalization . "  The choice of words is not only ironic , it 's sad , " said O'Connell , the attorney for the Grays . "  Police officers are never the subject of a lynch mob . It 's actually usually the other way around , " he told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  And in the context of the powder keg that Baltimore city is right now , referring to the citizens of Baltimore city who are peacefully protesting as a ` lynch mob ' does n't serve to keep the peace . It only heightens the flames , or fans the flames of people who are already on edge . " Amid protests , officials advised people to clear the area or expect delays . A statement encouraged employees who work downtown to get out of the area to "  avoid major disruptions . " Baltimore police requested and received additional personnel from Maryland State Police . Thirty-two troopers arrived to help with crowd control and serve in a "  backup capacity " for police , according to Erin Montgomery , a spokesperson for Gov. Larry Hogan . A small rally and press conference was held at noon , organized by the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and the Peoples Power Assemblies . They announced that they will conduct their own investigation into the events that led to Gray 's death . Thursday 's events follow a series of demonstrations this week , with protesters demanding elusive answers . Baltimore protests : 5 questions demonstrators are asking Among the questions : Did something happen inside the police transport vehicle that caused Gray 's fatal spinal injury ? And what took place in the 30 minutes before police called paramedics to pick Gray up ? "  Our position is something happened in that van , " police union attorney Michael Davey said . "  We just do n't know what . " But one question has already been addressed : Did officers have the right to chase Gray in the first place ? Police first encountered Gray on April 12 as they patrolled an area known for crime and drug activity . When Gray saw them , authorities said , he started running . Gray 's family attorney and protesters claim police did n't have any probable cause to chase him , but did so only because he was "  running while black . " But Davey said officers had every right to give chase . "  There is a Supreme Court case that states that if you are in a high-crime area , and you flee from the police unprovoked , the police have the legal ability to pursue you , and that 's what they did , " he said . "  In this type of an incident , you do not need probable cause to arrest . You just need a reasonable suspicion to make the stop . " Gray was arrested after police found what they said was a switchblade on him . An attorney for Gray 's family has said the knife was a pocket knife of legal size . Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said he met Thursday with the family . "  There was a lot of pain in that family , and I can understand it . If that was my son that ended up the same way , I would be angry , " he told CNN . Updates and images from the field One video of Gray 's arrest shows officers dragging him to a police van , his legs dangling limply behind him . "  His leg look broke ! " a bystander yells as a witness captures the arrest on a cell phone video . That witness , who only wants to be identified as Kiona , said she knew Gray as a joker and a ladies ' man . But that day , he said only one thing to her . "  When I ran up the street and seen him , the first thing I asked him was he OK because I heard him screaming , " Kiona said . "  He did n't never say yes or no , he just said ' I ca n't breathe ' and just was yelling . " Former Baltimore Police Commissioner Leonard Hamm said he was disturbed by video of the arrest . "  What I see is a person in distress , and what should have happened is at that point , they should have called for medical attention to help him out , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " Hamm led the department from 2004 to 2007 . He said he was surprised and disappointed by what has happened . "  I thought we were better than that , " he said . "  I thought we were better trained than that . " It 's not clear whether Gray was injured during the arrest . His family has not yet seen the autopsy report , attorney William Murphy said . The medical examiner 's office told CNN it could take up to 90 days to release the report , which is typical . Gray 's body is now in his family 's care and has been transported to a funeral home . The family has not specified which one . That information will be released when arrangements have been finalized . Mary Koch , a member of the family 's legal team , told CNN that an independent autopsy will be conducted at the facility . The police department is investigating what happened and will turn over its finding to the state attorney 's office May 1 , the department said . "  As with any criminal investigation , detectives will continue to pursue the evidence wherever it leads , for as long as it takes . " The Justice Department is investigating whether Gray 's civil rights were violated during the April 12 arrest . And Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she "  absolutely " believes an outside investigation is needed , especially given the city 's dark history of police misconduct . According to The Baltimore Sun , the city has paid about $ 5.7 million over the past four years to settle more than 100 cases of allegations of police wrongdoing . Police did n't admit fault in any of the cases . The police union said in a statement Wednesday that the reason for the settlements was simple : City officials believe lawsuits are too costly . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Catherine E. Shoichet , Kevin Conlon and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Two people are taken into custody , but the protests -- on the whole -- are peaceful Baltimore police commissioner sits down with the Gray family
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama on Sunday tried to paint Sen. John McCain as a candidate who is out of touch with the middle class . Sen. Barack Obama speaks about the economy at a campaign event in Detroit , Michigan , on Sunday . Speaking about Friday 's presidential debate , Obama accused McCain of not addressing working families . "  We talked about the economy for 40 minutes , and not once did Sen. McCain talk about the struggles that middle class families are facing every day , " Obama said at a campaign event in Detroit , Michigan . The economy took the lead in Friday night 's presidential debate , as both candidates highlighted their plans to bring the United States out of what some are describing as the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . McCain on Sunday brushed off Obama 's latest line of attack , saying he has "  bigger things to worry about . " "  Who does he think I was talking about when I said ` people on Main Street ' ? Who did he think I was talking about , about the necessity of helping the American taxpayers and income -- and Americans who are out there working and trying to keep their jobs ? " he said on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  I 've got bigger things to worry about than that . " The Republican presidential candidate did address "  Main Street " in the debate Friday night , saying that "  we 've got to fix the system " because "  Main Street is paying a penalty for the excesses and greed in Washington , D.C. , and on Wall Street . " Still , Obama 's campaign pointed out that McCain did n't specifically say "  middle class , " during the debate . McCain 's campaign said Sunday that during the Michigan event , Obama "  ignored his -LSB- Obama 's -RSB- record of opposing middle class tax relief , opposing a competitive tax rate , and opposing a plan to incentivize new battery technology . " The campaign said Obama 's "  talk about the middle class is much different than his record . " During the debate , McCain repeatedly said Obama "  does n't understand " key issues the country is facing , but at campaign events this weekend , Obama blasted McCain as the candidate who "  does n't get it . " Watch the candidates ' plans for the upcoming week " "  The truth is , through 90 minutes of debating , John McCain had a lot to say about me , but he had nothing to say about you . Not once did he say the words ` middle class . ' Not once did he talk about working families . I think Sen. McCain just does n't get it , " Obama said Sunday . The Obama-Biden campaign continues that argument in a new ad that will begin airing nationally on Monday . The ad says when it comes to the economy , McCain "  does n't get it . " "  Number of minutes in debate : 90 , " the announcer says as the words are typed across a blank screen . "  Number of times John McCain mentioned the middle class : Zero . " The 30-second spot , "  Zero , " includes portions of Friday night 's debate where Obama suggested McCain has followed President Bush on economic policy . Watch the ad " A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll found when it comes to the economy , 47 percent of voters questioned said Republicans are more responsible for the current economic problems , while 24 percent said Democrats are more responsible . In response to the latest ad , the McCain campaign blasted Obama 's tax policy . "  John McCain repeatedly pointed to Sen. Obama 's vote in favor of higher taxes on families making just $ 42,000 a year , and his proposal for $ 860 billion in lavish new government spending which is a crushing burden on middle class families and the Main Street economy , " spokesman Tucker Bounds said in a statement Saturday . "  If he was honest , Barack Obama knows he was unable to debate the merits of supporting higher taxes on the middle class , and bloated government spending during a looming economic crisis -- it 's simply indefensible . " The McCain campaign is referring to a June 5 , 2008 , vote on a resolution  Senate Concurrent Resolution 70  meant to outline the Senate 's budget priorities through 2013 , but the measure had no practical effect . According to a CNN review of the resolution , it assumes that most of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts pushed by President Bush will expire in that time , which McCain says amounts to a tax increase . Obama and running mate Sen. Joe Biden voted "  yes " on the resolution . McCain did not vote . However , the Democrats offered their own cuts in the 48-page resolution , which called for several tax cuts and breaks , including rolling back the alternative-minimum tax and the so-called "  marriage penalty . " According to an analysis by the independent Tax Policy Center , the tax plan Obama has proposed during the campaign would increase taxes in 2009 on the wealthiest 20 percent of households , while offering tax cuts for the other 80 percent . CNN 's Kristi Keck and Emily Sherman contributed to this report .	Barack Obama criticizes John McCain for not saying "  middle class " in debate McCain says that 's what he meant by "  Main Street " Obama campaign has new ad saying McCain "  does n't get it " McCain campaign slams Obama on tax policy
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice to break the record for goals in a La Liga season as Real Madrid routed Almeria 8-1 in the Bernabeu Saturday night . Ronaldo 's goals in each half took him to 40 for the season , two clear of the previous record set by Athletic Bilbao 's Telmo Zarra in 1951 and matched by Real Madrid 's Mexican star Hugo Sanchez in 1990 . The Portuguese ace notched the record breaking number 39 after just four minutes and slammed home his second in the 76th . On-loan Emmanuel Adebayor grabbed a hat-trick and Karim Benzema scored twice , the second set up by an exquisite backheel from Ronaldo , as Real turned on the style for their fans in their final game . Joselu rounded off the scoring three minutes from time against already relegated Almeria . Former Manchester United star Ronaldo will win the Pichichi crown , the award given for the league 's top-scorer , the first Real Madrid player to claim the honor since Dutchman Ruud van Nistelrooy won it in 2007 . "  I would like to thank my team-mates for helping me get these 40 goals , " "  The season did n't go as we wanted but the coach wanted a lot of goals from us to start the next campaign full of hope , " he told AFP . Earlier , three-time title winners Barcelona warmed up for their Champions League final against Manchester United with a 3-1 win at Malaga . Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola rested several of his star players , including Lionel Messi , ahead of next Saturday 's game at Wembley . Malaga , who had won five of their last six league games , took a 31st-minute lead through Uruguay 's Seba Fernandez . But Barcelona 's mix of youngsters and fringe players equalized in the 43rd minute through a Bojan Krkic penalty . Dutch signing Ibrahim Afellay and Bartra scored their first league goals for Barca in the second half to seal the victory . They have finished the the season with 96 points , three less than last season , having won 30 out of their 38 games . They finished four points clear of arch-rivals Real , who they also beat in the semifinals of the Champions League .	Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo sets new La Liga scoring record He takes his tally to 40 with double in 8-1 rout of relegated Almeria Previous record of 38 held by Telmo Zarra and Hugo Sanchez Barcelona finish season with 3-1 win over Malaga
CNN  Sawyer Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom "  Everybody Loves Raymond . " Early Thursday he committed suicide , his sister Madylin Sweeten said in a statement . He was 19 . "  This morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred , " Madylin Sweeten said in a statement passed on by her manager Dino May . "  We are devastated to report that our beloved brother , son , and friend , Sawyer Sweeten , took his own life . He was weeks away from his 20th birthday . At this sensitive time , our family requests privacy and we beg of you to reach out to the ones you love . " Sweeten , best known for his role Geoffrey Barone , was visiting family in Texas , entertainment industry magazine Hollywood Reporter reported , where he is believed to have shot himself on the front porch . Sawyer Sweeten was born in May 1995 in Brownwood , Texas . He was a year and a half old when he started on "  Raymond , " playing next to his real-life twin brother Sullivan , who starred as Michael Barone , according to the website IMDb . Their sister , Madylin , played their TV sister Ally Barone . The show was about the adults , and the children , especially the twins , had bit parts , adorable cameo moments . In the beginning , they were too young to speak . The series developed a loyal following and ran from September 1996 through May 2005 . According to his IMDb profile , Sawyer did not appear to take on acting roles after "  Raymond " was discontinued . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	Sawyer Sweeten played across from his twin brother and their sister as the children of Ray and Patricia Barone Report : Sweeten was visiting family in Texas and is believed to have shot himself
Washington  CNN  -- The justices on the Supreme Court know very well their rulings can send immediate political shock waves , and those just intensify in a presidential election year . So there is an unusual internal dynamic at work of what cases the court hears and when . Unlike the other parts of the judiciary , the Supreme Court is a discretionary body . They stingily pick which cases go on the docket and when . In fact , only about 1 % of appeals are accepted and fully reviewed . But certain legal fights are so important and time-sensitive , this court of last resort is often powerless to refuse or delay . That is true of the current challenges to the health care reform law , which will be argued Monday through Wednesday . An expected June ruling in an election year will put the court front and center for voters come November . The justices by nature are loathe to get involved in such highly partisan disputes . But sometimes often have no choice . Preview : ` The implications ... are impossible to overstate ' The 2000 Bush v. Gore case ultimately settled the fight over counting Florida 's ballots , giving George W. Bush the presidency . Several justices have since said they were not eager to decide the matter and place themselves as competing political saviors or demons . Read a transcript of Monday 's health-care arguments Here are some landmark , presidential election-year legal disputes -- judicial blockbusters if you will -- handled by the Supreme Court : -- 1824 / Gibbons v. Ogden , striking down a New York law granting a monopoly to a Hudson River ferry company . The court under Chief Justice John Marshall clarified the Commerce Clause , concluding state law conflicted with overriding congressional power to regulate interstate commerce . It is interpretation of that clause that is central to the current legal fight over health care expansion . -- 1856 / Dred Scott v. Sandford , declaring Congress could not ban slavery in the territories and that blacks were barred from citizenship . The appeal was argued February 1856 , and a ruling came two days after President James Buchanan 's inauguration in March 1857 . The new president in fact had asked the court to time its decision until after the election but before being sworn into office . He hoped that would defuse the slavery issue by putting it beyond political debate . And like others , the Democrat hoped the court 's ruling would carry legitimacy among citizens in the North and South , an ultimately naive view . Two families , two views on health care law Historians also note the president-elect had quietly persuaded Northern Justice Robert Grier to change his vote and join the Southern majority in the Scott case , to give the impression the decision was not made along regional lines . This ruling is widely viewed as the court 's darkest moment , a sentiment expressed by most current members of the high court . -- 1896 / Plessy v. Ferguson , blessing the "  separate but equal " state doctrine of racial segregation . By an 8 to 1 margin , the court upheld a Louisiana law requiring federal rail cars to provide different facilities for white and black passengers . The justices said that did not violate federal authority over interstate commerce , nor the 13th and 14th amendments . That precedent was overturned dramatically in the 1954 Brown v. Board series of appeals . -- 1908 / Muller v. Oregon , allowing a state law limiting the working hours of women . Attorney for the state Louis Brandeis -- soon to join the court -- successfully argued that long , unregulated hours on the job affected the health and morals of employees , especially those in factories . A landmark decision affirming government control over the workplace . -- 1972 / Furman v. Georgia , invalidating all existing capital punishment laws . The 5-4 court said the death penalty was being applied unconstitutionally . States responded by revising their laws , leading the court four years later , in another presidential election year , to end its moratorium and allow states to resume executions . -- 1972 / Roe v. Wade , legalizing abortion as a fundamental right of a woman 's "  privacy " under the 14th Amendment and concluding a fetus was not a "  person " with constitutionally protected rights . The court tried to strike a balance between that individual right and states ' duty in limited regulation , for the sake of prenatal life and a woman 's health , a governmental interest that grows stronger as the pregnancy develops over time . The companion cases first came to the court in 1970 , and arguments were scheduled for 1971 , then postponed until spring 1972 , then reargued October 1972 , a month before the presidential elections . The landmark ruling came out January 1973 , just days after President Richard Nixon 's inauguration . -- 2000 / Bush v. Gore , ruling manual recounts of presidential ballots in Florida could not move ahead because of inconsistent evaluation standards in different counties . The court 's conservative majority cited the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution for its reasoning . Stopping the tally meant Republican George W. Bush , who was then narrowly leading in the decisive state , would become president , defeating Vice President Al Gore . -- 2008 / District of Columbia v. Heller , tossing out the District 's strict ban on private handgun ownership . The conservative majority said citizens have a basic "  individual " right to possess and keep guns in the home for self-defense . The court reaffirmed its holding two years later in a challenge to a similarly restrictive law from Chicago . A CNN guide to frequently asked questions Sometimes the high court itself becomes the story . Here are some presidential election years where the Supreme Court as an institution or the justices became a major campaign issue : -- 1800 : Jeffersonian Republicans aimed criticism at the Federalist-dominated high court over how much power the central government should hold . The tight election race -- called by some the "  Revolution of 1800 " -- ushered in an era of Democratic-Republican party executive rule . New President Thomas Jefferson had campaigned on remaking the federal courts as well , but it was Chief Justice John Marshall , taking office two months before Jefferson , who succeeded on that front . Through his 35-year leadership on the bench , his federalist leanings helped strengthen the power of the U.S. government in the face of state authority . -- 1860 : The infamous Dred Scott decision shaped the debate of this election , indirectly helped put Abraham Lincoln in the White House and carried the nation into its seemingly inevitable path to the Civil War . Lincoln had sharply criticized the Scott ruling in his stump speeches , and the new Republican Party 's convention platform officially condemned it . -- 1876 : The 2000 election was not our first disputed one . In 1876 , Democrat Samuel Tilden won the popular vote in the presidential race , with Republican Rutherford B. Hayes also trailing in the initial electoral vote . Republicans protested , and to resolve the dispute , Congress created a bipartisan commission that included five Supreme Court justices . It was Justice Joseph Bradley who proved the swing vote , siding with Hayes and giving the Republican a 185-184 electoral vote win . An insider 's guide : How the Supreme Court works -- 1896 : The high court a year earlier had invalidated a nationwide federal income tax . Liberals made that and other decisions considered "  pro-business " a political rallying point . Democrats campaigned against court "  usurpation " of congressional reform efforts , a divisive political issue that would carry in into the 1930s . -- 1924 : The question here was a proposal by Progressive Party candidate Sen. Robert LaFollete 's  who served Wisconsin as a Republican  for a "  one-up " constitutional amendment . It would give Congress the power to overturn Supreme Court decisions that overturned acts of Congress . Incumbent President Calvin Coolidge defended the federal courts , then dominated by conservative , as protectors of "  our fundamental law . " -- 1936 : The fight between the courts and the other branches reached their zenith with the re-election efforts of President Franklin Roosevelt . He charged that the courts were undermining his sweeping economic reform programs during a national emergency , the Depression . FDR was privately maneuvering for ways to go around the judiciary , including his audacious "  court-packing plan " to expand the number of justices . That would allow the president to immediately name new , presumably more sympathetic , members to the court . The plan unveiled in 1937 ultimately failed , but the Democrat 's 12-plus years in office did give him a chance to eventually appoint a record number of justices to that bench . -- 1968 : Republican candidate Richard Nixon made the court 's 15-year record of "  liberal " decisions under Chief Justice Earl Warren a big "  law and order " campaign theme . Nixon said those rulings were "  seriously hamstringing the peace forces in our society and strengthening the criminal forces . " Warren retired a year later , and Nixon eventually named four justices to the high court . The subsequent appointments of Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush also helped move the federal judiciary to the right for decades .	Some Supreme Court decisions make a huge election-year splashes 1856 : Dred Scott ruling barring blacks from citizenship called court 's darkest moment 1972 : Two huge cases on capital punishment and abortion rock the nation 2000 : So who 's your president -- Bush or Gore ? The high court has to decide
CNN  -- It 's hard to imagine a more powerful indictment of a government 's behavior than the one just handed down by a U.N. panel tasked with investigating human rights in North Korea . In a 372-page report , the Commission of Inquiry on Democratic People 's Republic of Korea outlined harrowing claims of "  extermination , murder , enslavement , torture , imprisonment , rape ... and the inhumane act of knowingly causing prolonged starvation . " After years of flouting international pressure over its nuclear program , it 's unclear whether these latest allegations are any more likely to alter Pyongyang 's behavior . And while there has already been speculation over how things might play out differently this time , many analysts remain skeptical about the prospects for change . Will China please stand up ? China is widely seen as having more leverage over North Korea than any other country , not least because it is a vital source of resources . China supplies its neighbor with virtually all of its fuel needs and some 80 percent of all its imports . "  China holds the very survival of the Kim  Jong Un  regime in its hands , " argues Stephen Yates , deputy assistant to the vice president for national security affairs in the George W. Bush administration . "  North Korea 's access to energy , food , and finance is heavily dependent on China , " says Yates , now CEO of the consultancy firm DC International Advisory . "  Beijing also has decades of relatively close party-to-party and military-to-military relations with Pyongyang , which should be a great advantage in terms of understanding and influencing North Korea 's leadership . And of course China is home to hundreds of thousands of North Korean migrants  perhaps more  who earn a living in China while bringing currency and goods back to North Korea . " But as John S. Park , a Northeast Asia specialist at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government , argues , Beijing is unlikely to back a push for more sanctions anytime soon . "  The Chinese government has already contested the key findings of the Commission 's report , " Park says . "  It 's highly unlikely that Beijing will support targeted sanctions " aimed at members of the regime . "  It would be nice to see the five members of the Six Party talks express support for the report , though there 's little chance of China doing this , " agrees Victor Cha , author of "  Impossible State : North Korea , Past and Future " and a former director for Asian affairs at the National Security Council . So what 's behind China 's reticence ? As the Council on Foreign Relations notes , China has generally resisted the imposition of tough international sanctions on its neighbor in hopes of "  avoiding regime collapse and an influx of refugees across their shared 800-mile border . " And China 's Foreign Ministry was certainly quick to dismiss the possibility of taking action over the commission 's findings . "  Of course we can not accept this unreasonable criticism , " Reuters quoted Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying as saying . "  We believe that politicizing human-rights issues is not conducive towards improving a country 's human rights . " Anyone else , then ? Park says that individual countries can -- and have -- applied their own targeted sanctions against Pyongyang . But he adds that such measures have had a limited impact because of what he describes as the growing trend of the North Korean regime toward conducting more of its commercial activities inside of China with private companies as partners . "  Chinese authorities deem these commercial activities to be benign economic , development-related interactions , " Park says , noting that under prior U.N. Security Council sanctions resolutions , U.N. member states are n't prohibited from engaging in economic development and humanitarian assistance activities with North Korea . "  This clause constitutes a loophole that directly benefits the regime through its current configuration of commercial activities with private Chinese companies . " What about the United States ? So , if China is unwilling to press North Korea more , could the United States act ? "  The United States should double down on a strategy of supporting defectors and refugees , barring access to the global financial system for officials complicit in crimes against humanity , and presenting a clear moral choice for the regime -- immediately cease these atrocities or face the consequences , " says Adrian Hong , managing director of Pegasus Strategies and co-founder and former executive director of U.S.-based Liberty in North Korea , a non-governmental organization . In practical terms , Yates adds that a crucial step for the United States would be doing more -- directly , with allies , or in support of allies -- to get more truthful information into and out of North Korea . "  This may sound overly simple or inconsequential , but it is n't , " Yates says . "  North Korea may have the most manipulated and politically pulverized population in history . We need to increase access to the truth within North Korea and also raise the international profile of the crimes against humanity within North Korea . " And if nothing else , the U.N. report may have done just that , according to David Kang , director of the Korean Studies Institute at the University of Southern California . "  Everybody who studies North Korea already knew this , " Kang says . "  But simply having this cataloged by the United Nations makes it difficult to ignore . In that sense , I think the report is important . " Could Kim be prosecuted ? In addition to issuing a scathing report , the commission said it would refer its findings to the International Criminal Court or possible prosecution , adding that it had also sent a letter warning Kim that he could face prosecution for crimes against humanity . Other options it said were on the table included the establishment of an ad hoc tribunal by the United Nations . However , prosecution by the ICC requires the support of the permanent members of the Security Council , and China has already effectively ruled this out . "  We believe that taking human rights issues to the International Criminal Court is not helpful to improving a country 's human-rights situation , " China 's Foreign Ministry said Tuesday . Yates suggests this should not come as a surprise . "  When it comes to issues like those contained in the latest United National human rights report , it 's extremely unlikely that China would expend any effort to influence North Korean behavior . To the contrary , Beijing is most likely to thwart any effort to expose and punish human rights abuses . " Do n't expect an Arab Spring here The last possibility is arguably the least likely to occur . Tunisia , Egypt and Libya may all have experienced some form of the Arab Spring , but Kang says that North Korea is unlikely to witness anything similar . "  People are too atomized , " he says . "  There 's no way for people to organize -- there is no institution other than the government or leadership . " This point was underscored by the commission 's report , which dedicated a section to violations of freedom of thought and expression . "  State surveillance permeates the private lives of all citizens to ensure that virtually no expression critical of the political system or of its leadership goes undetected , " the report said . "  Citizens are punished for any ` anti-State ' activities or expressions of dissent . " Kim showed his regime 's capacity for ruthlessness in quashing perceived opposition with the execution of his uncle late last year . Jang Song Thaek was seen by many as the second-most powerful figure in North Korea . But Kim turned on him , claiming that Jang tried to overthrow the government . "  As our Party detected and purged the anti-Party , counterrevolutionary factionalists at an opportune time and with a correct decision , the Party and revolutionary ranks were further consolidated and our single-hearted unity was solidified to the maximum , " Kim was quoted as saying in his New Year 's address . Kang says the highly public nature of Jang 's execution was likely in part prompted by a desire by Kim to consolidate his position . "  He wanted to make clear he is n't going to be pushed around . " The question now is whether this mindset will inform North Korea 's response to this week 's U.N. report . "  They 've already condemned it as a conspiracy , " Cha says . "  North Korea could use this and the upcoming U.S.-South Korea exercises as a pretext for some sort of provocation . " "  That would n't be surprising . Of course , the provocations would already have been intended , " he says . "  But this gives them a way to blame others . "	The United Nations report on harrowing conditions in North Korea is unlikely to change much China and its desire to avoid a flood of refugees is a major roadblock , experts say An ` Arab Spring ' - like event is unlikely because of regime 's stranglehold on dissent
LONDON , England  CNN  -- James Bond would be lost without them -- those madcap gadgets merging two technologies that help him beat the bad guys and save the planet . The underwater watch with a built-in Geiger counter , for example ; or the car that doubles as a submarine ; or the exploding bagpipes and missile-launching wheelchair . An artist 's impression of what a Flying Electric Generator might look like Now a U.S. company has taken a leaf out of 007 's book and developed a similarly unlikely "  combination " technology . The "  villain " in this case is not a psychotic , cat-stroking megalomaniac , but something both more prosaic and , potentially , more threatening -- global warming : in particular , how to meet the world 's energy needs without swamping the planet with clouds of atmosphere-clogging pollutants . And the madcap gadget that might just provide a solution ? A helicopter that doubles as a wind turbine . Or , to give it its technical name , a FEG  Flying Electric Generator  . The brainchild of Australian engineering specialist Professor Bryan Roberts , the FEG is being developed by San Diego-based company SkyWindPower . Code-cracker turned turbine enthusiast The latter is headed by David Shepard , who started his career cracking Japanese military ciphers during World War Two , and went on to create the Farrington B numeric font that appears on credit cards around the world . Shepard has long been convinced of the need for a new global energy source to reduce reliance on carbon-emitting fossil fuels . For the last two decades his attention has focused on the electricity-generating potential of high-altitude winds , and when he learnt of Professor Roberts ' prototype "  gyromill " -- a flying wind turbine that the Australian had been developing since 1979 -- he decided it offered the best model for realizing that potential . The two men started working together in 2002 , and the FEG is the result . High-altitude winds The guiding principle of the FEG is that wind speed and constancy are far greater at high altitude than they are on the ground , especially in the two major jet streams - the Sub-Tropical Jet and the Polar Front Jet - that exist in each hemisphere  at around 30 degrees and 60 degrees latitude respectively  . A turbine at great height , so the theory goes , can generate far more power than a similar turbine at or near ground level . It has been estimated that capturing just one percent of the available energy of these high altitude winds would meet the electricity needs of the entire planet . "  The winds a few miles above the mid latitudes of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres are far stronger and more persistent than the winds just above us , " Shepard told CNN . "  This results in potentially being able to generate electricity for over eighty percent of the time , as opposed to thirty percent of the time at ground-based wind turbine sites . "  The largest ground-based wind turbines currently produce about five megawatts each . We expect typical FEGs to produce about 20 megawatts each . " Helicopter technology But how do we get a working turbine up to the necessary height -- at least 15,000 ft  4600 meters  above the earth 's surface ? That 's where helicopter technology comes in . Taking the form of a giant H-shaped frame , the prototype FEG has four huge blades at the four points of the H , each blade 10.7 meters  35 feet  in diameter . These act like the rotors of a helicopter , lifting the FEG to the required height . Once in place , the blades not only keep the FEG air-born , providing lift like the surface area of a kite , but also act as turbines , turning dynamos within the platform that generate electricity , which is transmitted back to earth through a vast aluminum tethering cable . An in-built GPS  Global Positioning System  uses satellite technology to ensure that the FEG always remains in the same place , both vertically and horizontally . According to Shepard , development is already at an advanced stage . "  Professor Roberts demonstrated a FEG in Australia at an altitude of sixty feet over a decade ago , " he told CNN . U.S. demonstration in three years "  We expect to make a demonstration in the U.S. less than three years from now at high altitude in normal high altitude winds . In four years I would expect this sort of technology to be in active use . " As with ground-based wind farms , Shepard envisages whole "  sky-farms " of FEGs hovering above the earth in restricted airspace . Forty-three such FEG "  arrays " -- each comprising 600 FEGs -- would , he estimates , generate sufficient electricity to power the whole of the U.S. "  Our calculations show that by reserving less than one four-hundredth of U.S. air space , located at relatively remote locations not on airway routes , all of America 's electrical energy needs could be met , " he says . "  That is considerably less airspace than is already restricted for other purposes , primarily military . " Not only would the FEGs provide clean energy -- the feedback from environmental groups , according to Shepard , has been overwhelmingly positive -- but at less cost than conventional electricity generation . While each FEG would cost an estimated $ 2,260,000 to build , maintain and support , arrays of FEGS would , in the long term , prove extremely cost effective , generating electricity at about 2 cents per kilowatt hour , as opposed to the 3-5 cents of conventional generating methods . There are risks , of course . Even in restricted airspace there is the possibility of collision with aircraft that unwittingly -- or illegally -- stray into that airspace . Likewise , despite numerous design features aimed at ensuring the stability of the air-born FEG , the possibility of the structure malfunctioning and plummeting to earth can not be excluded . Crashes "  inevitable " "  Inevitably crashes will occur , " the SkyWindPower Web site acknowledges , "  Just as airplane crashes occur . "  Statistically , however , FEGs should be just as reliable as commercial airliners , whose safety records are incredibly good . "  And FEGs do n't take off or land at airports teeming with people in and around them . " Shepard and Roberts are not the only people to have considered harnessing the power of high-altitude winds . Magenn Power , a Canadian company , have been developing a helium-filled , medium altitude wind generator , while in the Netherlands Laddermill has been exploring similar ground using kite technology . SkyWindPower 's FEG , however , is at the forefront of the field , with the U.S. government showing considerable interest in the prototype helicopter-cum-wind-turbine . Whether it will provide a definitive solution to the world 's ever-increasing energy needs remains to be seen . With the effects of global warming and climate change becoming increasingly acute , however , a technology that might once have been dismissed as no more than a James Bond fantasy now looks as if it could have a serious role to play . They might not be quite as sexy as your average Bond adventure , but flying wind turbines could end up generating a lot more heat than 007 and Pussy Galore ever did . ... . Are Flying Electric Generators a crackpot idea ? Or could they help save the planet ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	U.S. company develops "  flying " wind turbine Wind energy far greater at high altitude FEG  Flying Electric Generator  would hover at 15,000 feet Massive air-born wind farms envisaged
Washington  CNN  -- An underground transformer fire about two blocks from the White House prompted evacuations of two hotels and disrupted a wedding , officials said Saturday night . Flames shot up through a sidewalk after 8 p.m. , said Pete Piringer , a spokesman for the District of Columbia Fire Department . The Willard Intercontinental and the W hotels were evacuated , and a couple of blocks were without power , Piringer said . As a precaution , a nearby wedding ceremony with hundreds of guests was relocated to the JW Marriott hotel as firefighters battled the blaze . The couple completed their ceremony at the hotel . The fire was extinguished by 9 p.m. , and power was restored by 10 p.m. No injuries were reported .	Two hotels were evacuated in downtown Washington The fire started roughly two blocks from the White House An underground transformer apparently caught fire Hundreds of wedding guests were relocated
Los Angeles  CNN  -- After more than two decades together , KISS bassist Gene Simmons has married his longtime girlfriend , according to his publicist . Simmons , who is also the star of the reality show "  Gene Simmons Family Jewels , " has dated Shannon Tweed for 28 years . The pair got hitched in Beverly Hills , said the publicist , Dawn Miller . During his proposal in Belize , featured in an earlier episode , Simmons tells his love what she means to him . "  I come with so much baggage , but you 're the only friend I 've got , you 're the only one I 've ever loved , " he said . "  I 've never said those words to anybody . It 's funny , I used to watch movies where they say I ca n't live without you , but for me it 's true . " The proposal came after a nasty tiff between the two on "  The Joy Behar Show " this summer . Simmons joined in a joke about his philandering ways , ticking Tweed off . She stormed off the set . "  Will Gene and Shannon work past their problems and make it down the aisle ? " the reality show 's website touts in a spotlight on wedding episodes set to start Tuesday . CNN 's Breeanna Hare and Karen Bonsignore contributed to this report	Simmons has dated Shannon Tweed for 28 years The proposal comes after a nasty tiff between the two this summer
As major airlines and the Federal Aviation Administration relax their rules on using electronic devices during takeoff and landing , one important question lingers : What will become of Airplane mode ? The common smartphone feature , which disables cellular , wireless , Bluetooth , and GPS connections so you can use your mobile device while in the air , may be outgrowing its name . Airlines quick to ease electronics rules The Internet is having fun coming up with new names for Airplane mode that reflect broader uses for the feature . Alexis Madrigal at The Atlantic offers Zen mode . Other suggestions include Freedom mode , Focus mode , Brick mode or Hermit mode . Airplane mode is more than just a necessity at 30,000 feet -- it 's become a tool for severing ourselves from the demands of constant connectiveness . And with some enhancements , Airplane mode could help us all put some much needed boundaries between our online and offline lives , our work and personal time . Despite the FAA rule changes , Airplane mode is n't actually going anywhere . It still serves its original purpose , because making calls will continue to be forbidden  and probably impossible  while in flight . The new rules just mean you can play games or use an e-reader during takeoff instead of having to flip through the in-flight magazine , chat with the person next to you or be alone with your thoughts . Can your cell phone bring down a plane ? Outside of flying , people have found many creative uses for Airplane mode . They use it to quickly disconnect before movies , meetings , dinners and other events where silent mode is n't enough . When traveling internationally , keeping a phone on Airplane mode and turning on Wi-Fi can prevent cellular bills bloated with roaming charges . People who use their tablets for work can employ Airplane Mode to avoid distractions like surfing the web or checking Twitter . Toggling Airplane mode on and off can even act as a quick fix for connection problems . The setting is also used by people who want to rein in their own smartphone use , say to tune out the outside world without actually parting with their precious handheld computers . With smartphones , people check and send work e-mails at all hours . According to Expedia 's annual "  Vacation Deprivation " survey , 67 % of American adults stay connected while on vacation and 76 % check their e-mail and voice mail . A recent Microsoft ad campaign for Office 365 uses the need to work remotely and around the clock as a selling point . "  Office workers want technology to help them get things done anywhere , sunrise to sunset , " reads the tagline . Illustrations show people working on mobile devices while on a date , during a kid 's soccer game , and during a stroll through a national park . There 's been lots of talk around "  unplugging " for parts of every day or week , but this all-or-nothing approach does n't sit well with a generation of smartphone users who are dependent on their devices . Willpower clearly is n't working . Airplane mode offers a partial solution , but it 's still too simple . So how about this : What if phones offered parental control-like settings that could be scheduled and set for individual apps and features ? Access to work e-mail could be cut off at 7 p.m. Social networking apps , games and other time-sucks could be banned on weekends . Someone on vacation could limit access so only the phone 's camera , maps , restaurant reviews , translation apps and travel e-books were available . In its new iOS 7 , Apple added a Do Not Disturb feature that gives some control but mostly applies to phone calls . It can automatically silence incoming calls and alerts , either during prescheduled times or on demand . A reverse do-not-disturb feature that only allows phone calls and texts  let 's call it a Dumb Phone mode  could be a refreshing break . Many people want to disconnect -- they just need a little help . So future smartphones might include even more options for reclaiming personal time and restoring some of the work/life balance . 10 ways to improve the travel industry	Airplane mode is n't just for cutting off cellular and Internet connections on airplanes The feature is used by people who want to disconnect without leaving their devices behind With some improvements , the mode could help restore some work/life balance
CNN  -- Until the rerun of the Greek elections scheduled for June 17 , we will witness an unprecedented game of brinkmanship . The game will be played along the following lines . European political leaders will state unequivocally to the Greek electorate that it is time for them to make a stark choice : Vote for parties that will continue with the agreed reforms  the dreaded austerity  and stay within the European family or vote for parties opposed to the austerity measures and leave the euro and perhaps the European Union . Fear and confusion rule as Greece faces uncertain future This clear and concise message was recently voiced by Austrian Finance Minister Maria Fekter . She declared that if Greece does not stick to the terms of its bailout program , it will not receive further aid from the EU or the International Monetary Fund . "  One can not exit from the eurozone , one can only exit from the EU , " she said . She also noted that Greece would have to reapply for EU membership , with no guarantee of readmission . CNNMoney : Greek banks strain for cash Greek politicians , particularly Syriza leader Alexis Tsipras , will probably respond to that message with a different one , which he will transmit back to Brussels , Paris , Berlin and Frankfurt  home of the European Central Bank  : Europe can not afford to let Greece fail and therefore , in the name of solidarity , Europe must continue to do whatever it takes to support Greece . But this time it should not require Greece to take such painful measures . Oh , and Europe will need to give Greece additional funds  in the name of "  growth "  no matter what combination of political parties enters parliament and forms a new government . The trillion dollar question : Will Greece exit the euro ? Sounding like a blackmailer , Tsipras has said , "  The eurozone is not in danger because of Greek resistance , but because of the bankrupt policies of the memorandum , of yesterday 's political system " ; "  if the disease of austerity destroys Greece , it will spread to the rest of Europe " ; and "  the European leadership and especially Mrs. Merkel need to stop playing poker with the lives of people . " Perhaps it is fitting that a great test of democracy is taking place in democracy 's birthplace . So , who blinks first ? In the past three days , we have seen two actors blink immediately : German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Greek and Spanish bank depositors . The consummate political tactician , Merkel understood that with French President Francois Hollande 's electoral victory on Sunday , Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti 's continued public pressure and her party 's recent electoral loss to the social democrats in the largest German state , the political winds were shifting at home and abroad on growth . This week , Merkel confessed that she was in fact in favor of identifying additional growth measures when she said she was in a "  high level of agreement " with Hollande . She noted that for "  stimulus to be pursued for growth in the euro zone , which we could pursue in the interest of Greece , we 're open for this . Germany is open for this . " Of course , details and date of delivery of said growth remain a mystery . Greek and Spanish depositors were the second actor to blink when they removed approximately    700 million  about $ 890 million U.S.  from Greek banks and    1 billion  about $ 1.26 billion U.S.  from Spain 's third-largest and recently nationalized bank , Bankia . Their actions were indicative of the fear that the game of chicken is getting out of hand . This sentiment was strengthened by European Central Bank President Mario Draghi 's decision to cut off certain Greek banks from receiving ECB funds and the IMF 's announcement , earlier Friday , that it would freeze contacts with Greece until the June 17 election . The ultimate answer to "  who blinks first " lies in understanding how this crisis has played out over the past two years . Diplomatic marathon : G8 focusing on Greece ; NATO , on Afghanistan The Greek bailout package has already been renegotiated twice , most recently in March of this year , to address deteriorating economic fundamentals and to force private bondholders to take losses . There have been no less than 17 European summits to "  resolve " the crisis only to return to crisis shortly thereafter . Three bailout packages  Greece , Ireland and Portugal  ;    1.3 trillion  $ 1.65 trillion U.S.  in cheap , three-year loans to European banks ; and a change in government in 10 out of the 17 eurozone countries -- the art of the European muddle-through strategy has been perfected . It is clear from Tuesday 's meeting between Merkel and Hollande that Europe will continue to actively pursue this muddle-through strategy until it is no longer able to pursue it . The treaties , the summitry and the political volatility that define Europe are completely ill-equipped to handle the crisis as it enters a new and potentially determinate end state . Most important , the collateral damage that comes with muddling through for the past two years is taking a significant social and economic toll : Spanish unemployment is at almost 25 % ; Greek youth unemployment is at 51.5 % and a third of the French electorate in the first round of its presidential elections voted for either an extreme left or right party . Is Europe willing to be home to a lost generation in the name of European solidarity ? No one knows how this brinkmanship will come to an end , or even if it will come to an end at all . And certainly no one knows whether it will result in economic Armageddon or a small blip on a trader 's computer screen . Actions or statements by either side are likely not to be conclusive . It is more likely that a sudden , unanticipated shock created by either the markets or political actors before June 17 causes an unstoppable chain reaction . Should this be this outcome , in some way it may come as a relief as it is far easier to blame an event than to accept responsibility for Europe 's actions over the past two years . This game of chicken is not unique to Europe . Washington had its own bout of brinkmanship last summer regarding the increase in America 's debt ceiling , and is likely to have it again in a few months . Europe has just upped the level of play . What does it mean to be Greek right now ? Share your story with us on iReport ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Heather A. Conley .	Heather A. Conley says the EU is on the brink over Greece 's economic crisis If Greece does n't stick to its bailout terms , it may not receive further EU aid , she says A great test of democracy is taking place in democracy 's birthplace , Conley says Conley : Drama may conclude on June 17 , when Greece 's electoral re-run is scheduled
CNN  She was the first person to contract Ebola in the United States , and now she 's suing the hospital where she got infected . Nina Pham , a nurse at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas , filed a lawsuit Monday against the hospital 's parent company , Texas Health Resources . She claims the company made her "  a symbol of corporate neglect -- a casualty of a hospital system 's failure to prepare for a known and impending medical crisis . " THR ignored Ebola warnings , its chief medical officer "  made numerous patently false statements to Congress , " and the company "  wholly failed to ensure that appropriate polices , procedures , and equipment were in place , " leaving health care providers untrained , unprotected and at risk for exposure , the lawsuit says . "  I was hoping that THR would be more open and honest about everything that happened at the hospital , and the things they did n't do that led to me getting infected with Ebola , " Pham said in a statement . "  But that did n't happen and I felt I was left with no choice but to turn to the courts for help . " The company 's CEO , Barclay Berdan , sent a letter to employees Monday night after news of the lawsuit broke . "  Nina and so many others of you served very bravely during a most difficult time as we all struggled to deal with the first case of Ebola to arrive in a U.S. hospital 's emergency room , " the statement read . "  Texas Health Resources values our strong culture of caring and compassion , and we view all employees as part of our family . That 's why we have continued to support Nina both during and after her illness , and it 's why she is still a member of our team . " According to the suit , the hospital chain failed to provide proper training to handle Ebola . Pham contracted the disease last fall while treating Thomas Eric Duncan , who started showing symptoms after arriving in Dallas from Liberia . "  In a cruel twist , after watching Mr. Duncan go through the horrific and painful course of the disease as she desperately tried to save his life , Nina herself was diagnosed with Ebola just two days after Mr. Duncan 's life was taken by it , " the lawsuit states . Because the hospital initially discharged Duncan when he arrived seeking treatment , it hurt his chances of beating the virus , the lawsuit says . "  Had THR heeded the CDC and other warnings and ensured its hospitals were ready for Ebola , Mr. Duncan would have had the best opportunity to possibly survive , " it says . Pham also claims that the hospital failed to provide her with the necessary protective equipment , despite CDC warnings . "  Based on what she could learn from the Internet , on the first day she cared for Mr. Duncan , Nina put on a regular isolation gown covering her front and back , double gloves , a surgical mask with plastic shield and double booties . Importantly , Nina 's neck and hair remained exposed . Nina was not even  provided  disposable scrubs or a change of clothes . She had to wear the scrubs she wore that first day home , taking out of the hospital clothing that was potentially carrying the virus , " the lawsuit says . When her mother learned she was treating Duncan , she tried to persuade her to call in sick or even quit , but Pham replied , "  Mom , I ca n't abandon him . He is my patient . It 's my job . I 'm going back , " according to the lawsuit . Texas Health Resources spokesman Wendell Watson issued a statement in response to the lawsuit : "  Nina Pham served very bravely during a most difficult time as we all struggled to deal with the first case of Ebola to arrive in a U.S. hospital 's emergency room . Texas Health Resources has a strong culture of caring and compassion , and we view all our employees as part of our family . That 's why we have continued to support Nina both during and after her illness , and it 's why she is still a member of our team . As distressing as the lawsuit is to us , we remain optimistic that we can resolve this matter with Nina . " Comparing the conditions facing nurses to what one would expect in a poorly developed country , the suit further states that after Duncan died , Pham was told she was at "  no risk " for Ebola "  and that she could freely see her friends and family . " Two days later , she found out she had Ebola . "  THR quickly learned that Nina and her dog Bentley had enormous public support and sympathy . So THR began trying to use Nina as a PR tool to save its plummeting image . While Nina laid in isolation , heavily medicated and facing a potentially gruesome death , THR had its PR department calling Nina . The PR Department was trying to release information and use Nina as part of its THR-corporate-driven #PresbyProud campaign , " the lawsuit says . Pham 's lawsuit also says Texas Health Resources violated her privacy by sharing her medical records . In his letter to employees , Berdan said the company had Pham 's permission to release information . "  THR was sensitive to Nina 's privacy , and we adhered to HIPAA  Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act  rules in determining what information to share publicly , " the CEO said . "  We had Nina 's consent to share the information about her that was released . " Another nurse treating Duncan , Amber Vinson , also contracted Ebola . Both nurses recovered after being sent to hospitals specially equipped and staffed to handle Ebola -- Pham at the National Institutes of Health in Maryland , and Vinson at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . Pham is still employed and is getting a paycheck from Texas Health Resources , but has not returned to work , CNN affiliate KTVT said . She is still suffering fatigue and body aches , but her lawyer told the affiliate it 's not clear whether the ailments are from Ebola or from the experimental drugs Pham received . She also experiences anxiety and frequent nightmares and suffers from the stigma of being the Ebola nurse and she may not nurse again , the lawsuit says "  Professionally , she doubts whether she can ever be a critical care nurse again -- in part because of the emotional stress and anxiety over the trauma she experienced and in part because of the fear and stigma that follows her . So despite only just beginning to pursue her dream of a career in critical care nursing , Nina is now faced with the possibility of never returning to her passion , " the lawsuit says . The lawsuit seeks damages for past and future physical pain , mental anguish , physical impairment , loss of enjoyment of life , medical expenses , loss of earning capacity and loss of reputation the lawsuit says . It does not set an amount for damages sought . "  The fact is , I 'm facing a number of issues with regard to my health and my career and the lawsuit provides a way to address them , " Pham said in her statement . "  But more importantly , it will help uncover the truth of what happened , and educate all health care providers and administrators about ways to be better prepared for the next public health emergency . "  I particularly want to express my continued sympathy to the family of Mr. Duncan , as it was my privilege to care for him . I also want to acknowledge my fellow nurses , and the many friends , family and strangers for their ongoing concern and support . " CNN 's Karan Olson , Chandler Friedman and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Nina Pham gave consent to release medical information , hospital company CEO says Pham contracted Ebola while treating a patient at a Dallas hospital She says the hospital violated her privacy and did not provide adequate training
CNN  -- The headline screaming from the front page of Wednesday 's Toronto Sun said it all : "  Rob Ford : Global Stuporstar . " Above the text , Ford -- the mayor of Toronto -- beamed out at readers from the news conference where he had just admitted smoking crack cocaine . In a drunken stupor . "  Probably , approximately about a year ago . " Despite the controversy , Ford is clinging to office , confounding critics and delighting supporters who say he 's done plenty of good for the city -- despite headlines around the world that have splashed a bit of mud on the image of the gleaming lakeside city that 's arguably the cultural center of English-speaking Canada . "  He 's human . We all make mistakes , " one resident told Canadian broadcaster CBC Toronto . "  If he smokes and saves me money , I 'll vote for him  $ " even if he 's a bum , " said another . In fact , some polling data suggested Ford 's approval ratings had actually climbed in the days before his stunning announcement Tuesday after months of denials -- as they had in September with the scandal in full swing . At that time , some 10,000 cheering supporters packed the Ford family 's annual barbecue -- even with all the lurid accusations of drug use and purported links to street criminals , CBC reported . "  He 's a remarkable individual and a lot of people have put their faith in him , " City Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Tuesday . "  The question is when will the public feel that he 's basically taking advantage of them and that he has abused that trust that they 've given him . " Tuesday 's admission followed months of sometimes heated denials prompted by reports this spring by the U.S. website Gawker and the Toronto Sun newspaper revealing the existence of a video that purportedly shows Ford smoking crack . The scandal widened amid a police investigation and the arrest of one of Ford 's friends on drug charges . He denied the allegations -- until Tuesday -- when he emerged from his office and shocked reporters with his sudden admission . "  Yes , I have smoked crack cocaine . But no , do I ? Am I an addict ? No , " he said . "  Have I tried it ? Probably in one of my drunken stupors , probably approximately about a year ago . " He has not been charged with any wrongdoing . "  I actually was completely surprised , " said Robyn Doolittle , city hall reporter for the Toronto Star . Reporters had expected him to resign , she said . Toronto mayor wo n't resign The admission was the only the latest oddity in what Toronto Life magazine called "  the weirdest mayoralty ever . " Among other things , Ford has been called out for comments some have interpreted as racist , homophobic and misogynistic , and he has had several brushes with city ethics regulators , according to the Toronto Star . But he has also scored successes , including fiscal reforms that have endeared him to supporters , columnist Philip Preville wrote in Toronto Life magazine . "  While the entire city has been distracted by the giant blowhard on the screen , the man behind the curtain has accomplished some impressive wizardry , " he said . For some , the drama surrounding Ford echoes that of Marion Barry , who was mayor of Washington when a police sting operation captured him smoking crack with an informant in 1990 . After a spectacular fall from grace and six months in prison , Barry successfully ran for a seat on the Washington , D.C. City Council under the slogan , "  He may not be perfect , but he 's perfect for D.C. " He then ran for mayor again in 1994 and served a four-year term before returning in 2002 to the City Council , where he remains . A common tie between the men : a penchant for controversial quotes and an unquestioned love of their communities . "  He loves the city and wants to represent the city as mayor , " City Councillor Jaye Robinson said Wednesday , speaking of Ford . Can he ? Doolitle says she thinks so . There 's no impeachment law or recall process to force him from office , she says . But Robinson says that despite continued support among his base , it 's time for Ford to step aside -- at least temporarily -- and deal with his personal issues . "  It does n't really reflect well on the city and the residents , many of the residents , most of the residents are fed up and they would like to see him resign , " she said Wednesday . Ford , however , seems to have other things on his mind , Doolittle said . "  As far as he 's concerned , the election for 2014 's started , " she said . Addicts shoot up in safe haven in Canada	Controversial Toronto mayor retains support despite crack admission But calls are growing for his resignation after months of scandal Police said last week they have a video said to show Ford smoking crack Rob Ford has not been charged with any wrongdoing
Seven decades after being sent to Nazi concentration camps , survivors of the Holocaust will have the chance to get retribution -- from the government of France . France signed an agreement Monday with U.S. authorities to pay $ 60 million to Holocaust survivors transported to concentration camps , said Arnaud Guillois , a spokesman for the French Embassy in Washington . Patrizianna Sparacino-Thiellay , France 's ambassador at large for human rights in charge of Holocaust issues , said Monday the agreement "  is a further contribution to recognizing France 's commitment to facing up to its historic responsibilities . "  The reparation programs set up immediately after the war , and those introduced in the past fifteen years , are the tangible symbol of the official acknowledgment in 1995 of France 's ` imprescriptible debt ' towards the victims of the Holocaust , " Sparacino-Thiellay said . A joint statement from France 's Foreign Affairs Ministry and the U.S. State Department noted that the accord shows the close relationship between the two countries . "  In this year marked by the commemoration of the 70th anniversary of the Allied landings in Normandy and Provence , this agreement further strengthens the historic friendship and ties between our two countries , " the statement said . U.S. officials created the fund and will administer it . But Americans are n't the only ones eligible for compensation ; victims living in nations that have n't signed Holocaust compensation agreements also can benefit , according to the embassy spokesman . A few thousand people may be eligible for some of the fund , according to Guillois . This fund had been years in the making , and had come under intense pressure inside the United States , including efforts by American lawmakers to bar the SNCF , the French national railway , from bidding in U.S. markets until the issue is resolved . One piece of proposed legislation , the Holocaust Rail Justice Act , stated that more than 75,000 Jews and thousands of others were moved from France to Nazi concentration camps on SNCF trains . Those transported included U.S. citizens and their relatives , as well as American military pilots shot down during the war . An official at France 's national railway declined to comment on the agreement when reached by CNN . Yet Guillois explained that the SNCF was not considered liable for the deportation of Jews in France , because it was commissioned by France 's Vichy government -- which was formed after the armistice and collaborated with the Nazis -- to do so . This is n't the first time that France , which was invaded by Nazi Germany in 1940 before reaching an armistice agreement with Adolf Hitler 's government later that year , has borne some responsibility for the Holocaust . As Guillois noted , this latest agreement is one of several mechanisms by the French government to compensate Holocaust victims since 1946 , the year after World War II ended . The Nazis systematically killed more than 6 million Jews during the Holocaust , along with millions of other people who were religious and ethnic minorities , political dissidents , homosexuals or disabled , in death camps situated primarily in Germany and Eastern Europe .	Embassy spokesman : France signed an agreement with U.S. authorities on Monday $ 60 million set aside for those deported to concentration camps on France 's railway More than 6 million Jews died during the Holocaust
CNN  -- Take two video-game console cameras and one pair of horn-rimmed glasses and for around $ 30 you have a device that will allow you to control a computer or , potentially , even a wheelchair with your eyes . Previously , if you wanted to buy similar eye-tracking equipment it would have cost you upwards of $ 8,000 . Now , scientists in London have pioneered a device , the GT3D , using components anyone of us can buy from the shopping mall . Watch Make Create Innovate on Quest Means Business The breakthrough could help millions of people suffering from Multiple Sclerosis , Parkinson 's , muscular dystrophy and , potentially , opens the door to a new era of hands-free computers , allowing us to use them without a mouse , keyboard or touch screen . For the lead researcher Dr Aldo Faisal , a neuroscientist at Imperial College in London , the new device only came about because of his obsession with disassembling gadgets . "  I like to play with gadgets and was playing with a popular video-game console , " he said . "  I hacked it and discovered it was very fast and better than any webcam for movement . Actually , it was so fast that I found we could record eye movement with it . " Tracking eye movement is no mean feat . Our eyes moves 10 to 20 times a second , so a standard webcam or even film camera will miss most eye movements and where we are looking . As such , it is perhaps no surprise commercial eye-tracking devices are so expensive . Watch a demonstration of the technology Luckily for Faisal and his team of researchers , video game console makers have been willing to bulk buy the technology needed to make good enough cameras . They make a loss on the console cameras in the expectation of making it back on accompanying video game sales . "  We originally created the device for # 39.80  $ 64  but recent falls in the price of video game console cameras mean we could now actually make the same device for about # 20  $ 32  , " says Faisal . The eye-tracking device works by first establishing where the eyes are looking , through a relatively straight-forward calibration process . The user puts on the glasses , with the two attached cameras , and stares at a computer screen full of dots . They are then told to look at different dots , with software developed by the researchers working out how the eye looks at each dot . Opinion : ` Teach young people to be more innovative ' Once calibrated , the device can be used to control a mouse on the screen and is so accurate that if you were in a normal-sized room and wearing the device it would be able to locate where you were looking to within the size of a grapefruit , say its developers . Existing commercially available devices such as the Tobii PCEye and the EyeTech TM3 also allow users to control a computer with their eye instead of a mouse . Like the GT3D , they use two cameras and say they can be used to surf the web , send emails and do anything a handheld mouse can do -- but they are priced between around $ 5,000 and $ 7,000 . And if you search online , you will find many amateur attempts to create eye-tracking devices just like the GT3D . But Faisal says the difference with his is that it has been properly tested and proven to work -- a demonstration of his device has been published in the peer-reviewed journal BMC Neuroscience . Unsurprisingly , the interest in his technology has been huge , he says . Several companies have already approached him to develop and mass-produce the device . However , Faisal says , none have so far embraced his ambition for making it available at a low cost to millions . Instead , they all preferred to undercut existing eye-tracking devices by 10 % . "  My mission is that we forge technology with neurological science to find ways to help millions of people with disabilities , such as loss of limbs or muscular disorders , use technology in a cheap way , " said Faisal . "  We want to make sure people can buy the device for no more than # 80  $ 125  . " Quiz : Accidental inventions If no commercial partner comes forward within the next year or two , Faisal says they will publish all the information about their device and software online and make it freely available for anyone to replicate . For many disability campaigners , such a device can not come soon enough . "  Those with extreme muscle-wastage in their arms often rely on carers to work on a computer , can not position themselves comfortably at a keyboard and quickly suffer fatigue from typing , " says Dr Marita Pohlschmidt , director of research at the UK-based Muscular Dystrophy Campaign , who calls it a "  potentially life-changing innovation . " "  It also offers us an exciting glimpse of future possibilities -- optical control of hoists , beds , blinds , kitchen and entertainment equipment . The impact of recovering the independence to do such things for disabled people , their carers -- and for family life -- would be vast , ' she adds . Faisal says it would already be possible to control a wheelchair with their device . The main obstacle is how to differentiate between where someone is looking at where they actually want to move to in the wheelchair . He says this has been overcome by his researchers through the use of a wink as a command trigger . "  We use a wink rather than a blink because you never wink by accident , " explained Faisal . However , while he can see its popularity for disabled or elderly people , Faisal remains uncertain about whether cheap eye-tracking devices are ready to take over from the mouse and touch-screen computers . "  Perhaps it will bring in a new era of hands-free computers . But there is a problem in that the computer industry is moving towards touch systems with the iPad , so I 'm not sure the mass-market is going to embrace eye-movement just yet . Also , I am not sure it is ready for use with complicated applications like , for example , Photoshop . "	UK scientist pioneers cost-effective headset that enables a wearer 's eyes to control a computer Neuroscientist , Dr Aldo Faisal has used components which can be bought in a shopping mall Faisal hopes to use technology in combination with neurological science to help sufferers of disabilities
CNN  -- A former drug dealer was executed in Texas on Wednesday night for the murders of two reputed gang members -- 15 years to the day after the crime . Texas death row inmate Frank Moore says he acted in self-defense when he shot and killed two in 1994 . Frank Moore , 49 , was pronounced dead at 7:21 p.m. ET , a spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said . "  Self-defense is not capital murder , " Moore said before the lethal injection began , echoing his unsuccessful claims to the courts to prevent his execution . Moore did not deny firing the fatal shots outside a San Antonio bar but insisted he acted in self-defense and did not deserve to die . Moore was the second death row inmate to be executed in 2009 . He spoke at length with CourtTVnews.com in 2007 . Samuel Boyd and Patrick Clark were shot multiple times in the head and chest early in the morning of January 21 , 1994 , outside the Wheels of Joy bar . "  They came with intentions to kill me , " Moore said in the interview . "  It was a do-or-die situation . " But no witnesses ever came forward at trial to corroborate Moore 's self-defense claims . Prosecutors contended that Moore , a long-time gang member with a lengthy rap sheet dating back to his teens , shot the two in cold blood to assert his authority after a shoving match broke out in the bar , according to court records . A Bexar County jury convicted Moore and sentenced him to death , but his conviction was reversed in 1998 after the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals found error in the trial court 's refusal to give the jury the option of convicting Moore of a lesser offense . Even so , Moore was convicted and sentenced to death at his second trial in 1999 . Moore insisted he acted in self-defense when he opened fire on Boyd , 23 , and Clark , 15 , at a bar near the housing projects where Moore admitted he sold crack cocaine and weapons . But it was not until 2006 that a private investigator , who once worked against Moore and his fellow gangsters , came forward with information that Moore said corroborated his self-defense claims . Warren Huel , a retired Navy Seal who was in charge of the private security firm that oversaw the projects , was the first peace officer on the scene , arriving about 45 minutes before the San Antonio Police Department , according to an affidavit . During that time , Huel said he spoke with witnesses who reported that Boyd and Clark shot at Moore first from inside the car after trying to run him over , according to the affidavit . Witnesses also told Huel that they had seen the victims ' relatives remove their weapons from the car before police arrived , Huel stated in the affidavit . When Huel attempted to share the information with San Antonio Police , he says the officers told him to forget everything he had seen and learned , he said in an affidavit . "  I was told that did not matter , as they already had Frank Moore , the murder weapon and an eyewitness , " Huel stated in his affidavit . "  I was told Moore was a dope dealer and had to go to jail . " Since then , three others have come forward claiming they witnessed the shootings , providing similar details , said Moore 's lawyer , David Sergi . "  Unfortunately , people from the street did n't come forward to testify at the time of the trial , " he said . "  The problem is , the law does n't allow for a change of circumstances . " The Texas State Attorney 's Office argued that Moore 's claims should be dismissed because the evidence had always been available , and was not the "  newly discovered " evidence the law requires . A lower court sided with the state , prompting Moore to appeal to the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals . On Monday , the court declined to hear his claims , making the U.S. Supreme Court Moore 's last chance for a reprieve . The justices remained silent on the matter .	Frank Moore pronounced dead at 7:21 p.m. ET in Huntsville , Texas Moore shot Samuel Boyd , Patrick Clark multiple times outside bar in 1994 Moore says he acted in self-defense after the men shot at him , tried to run him over Supreme Court declined to issue stay of execution
CNN  -- He was the so-called "  Fastest Man on No Legs , " and his inspiring story captured the imagination of the world at the London Olympics . Now , Pistorius is playing the lead role in a more tragic tale that began in the early hours of Valentine 's Day 2013 . The Olympic and Paralympic sprinter is facing a maximum five-year prison sentence after he was found guilty of the negligent killing of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on February 14 , 2013 . He claimed he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder and was cleared of murder . Despite a seven-month trial , much remains in question about what happened at his upmarket home in Pretoria , South Africa around 4 a.m. that Thursday morning , leaving stunned fans at a loss to explain how their hero could have fallen so far and so fast . Speaking to CNN 's Robyn Curnow in the last few weeks before his sentencing , Pistorius told her that he was "  not scared to go to jail . " But it may prove to be the greatest challenge yet for a man who 's already overcome many difficulties . Born with a congenital abnormality , Pistorius , 27 , had both his legs amputated below the knee before his first birthday , but through sheer determination carved out a career in world-class athletics . In 2012 , he became the first double amputee to compete against able-bodied runners at the London 2012 Olympics , adding to his fame as the "  Blade Runner , " a reference to his carbon fiber prosthetic legs . While he failed to win a medal , Pistorius ' presence on the track was hailed as a triumph over adversity and a victory over critics who claimed his blades gave him an unfair advantage over the able-bodied . He did take home medals from the Paralympic Games . For many , he was an example of what could be achieved through a potent mix of determination , positivity and skill . Who is Oscar Pistorius , really ? Soon after his arrest , the athlete 's image was pulled from billboards across South Africa . Sponsors suspended their deals as admirers questioned whether Pistorius ' sporting successes had perhaps obscured a more complex character off the track . Was Pistorius violent ? On the edge ? In a story titled "  The Fast Life of Oscar Pistorius " published in the New York Times , writer Michael Sokolove wrote : "  Pistorius is , as well , blessed with an uncommon temperament -- a fierce , even frenzied need to take on the world at maximum speed and with minimum caution . " After the shooting , a police spokeswoman said there had been "  previous incidents " at Pistorius ' home , including "  allegations of a domestic nature , " but did not say what they had been . Besides the five-year prison term for culpable homicide , the athlete was also given a three-year sentence , suspended for five years , on a weapons charge stemming from an incident in which he discharged a loaded firearm in a restaurant . The sprinter moved into his uncle Arnold 's house in Pretoria after the shooting . Video surfaced last June of Pistorius training , but he has not returned to the track in an official capacity . In an exclusive interview last summer , Arnold Pistorius said his nephew was heartbroken . "  What can you say if the person you love the most dies , and you were the instrument ? " he told CNN . "  How would you feel ? It 's unthinkable . " It was known that Pistorius owned guns . He was a keen shooter and despite his disability he was not afraid to take risks . During a visit to Pistorius ' house a few years ago , he showed CNN images of himself water-skiing , scuba diving and quad bike riding . "  I grew up in a family where disability was never an issue . We did n't really speak about my disability , not because it was a topic that was taboo ... it was just never an issue . And that 's the mentality that I 've had , " Pistorius told CNN in late 2012 . From a young age , Pistorius dedicated himself to being the best he could be at sport . "  I was never much of an academic at school so I had to find something which I enjoyed . I started sports and from a very young age , my mother said to us ` sports is not about being the best , but it 's about giving your best . ' Divided reaction Support from Pistorius ' family has been firm and unwavering since Steenkamp 's death . "  We have no doubt there is no substance to the allegation and that the State 's own case , including its own forensic evidence , strongly refutes any possibility of a premeditated murder or indeed any murder at all , " said Arnold Pistorius before the athlete 's conviction . Pistorius ' agent , Peet Van Zyl , referred to the sprinter as his "  friend and a great professional athlete . " He said thousands of people had sent messages of support from all over the world in the wake of the shooting . Steenkamp 's family is skeptical about the man who killed their daughter . Her father Barry Steenkamp told the Afrikaans-language newspaper Beeld : "  It does n't matter how rich -LSB- Pistorius -RSB- is ... and how good his legal team is . He needs to live with himself if he lets his legal team lie for him . " READ MORE : Oscar Pistorius ' affidavit to court in full "  But if he 's telling the truth , I may forgive him one day , " he said . But " if it did n't happen as he described it , he should suffer . And he will suffer ... only he knows . " At the supermarket down the road from his house , parking attendant Andre Tsekedi told CNN last February that he saw Pistorius and Steenkamp a few days before the shooting : "  They were holding hands and looked so happy . " Another , Samuel Motau , described Pistorius as "  a very generous man . " "  He tipped us $ 10 every time . The only reason I never went to bed hungry was because of Oscar Pistorius . " Growing up As a child , Pistorius competed in water polo , cricket , tennis , triathlons and Olympic wrestling and boxing , before he smashed his knee while playing rugby at the age of 16 . He took up track running as part of his rehabilitation , and within one year he was covering 100 meters faster than the existing Paralympic world record . In 2004 , Pistorius took his first gold at the Athens Paralympics and one year later competed against able-bodied Olympics for the first time , at the South African Championships . Pistorius ' career on the track suffered a setback in 2009 when he suffered serious head injuries in a boating accident . It took him almost eight weeks to recover , a period of time the athlete has described as "  fairly difficult " as it marked the first season in four or five years in which he did n't record a personal best . Soon after the London Olympics , Pistorius led his national team onto the track as South African flag-bearer in the opening ceremony of the Paralympic Games . He went on to set a new world record in the 200-meter event but later suffered a shock defeat in the final , his first competitive loss over the distance in nine years . During the very last track event of the Paralympics , Pistorius again picked himself up and smashed the 400-meter T44 Paralympic record in a time of 46.68 to take gold . It ended a summer he later described as "  a dream come true , " according to his website . Beyond the track Pistorius ' determination to succeed made him one of the world 's most recognizable athletes . He appeared on the cover of men 's magazine , GQ Style , under the headline "  Man of the Future , " and was named on People magazine 's 2012 list of "  Sexiest Man Alive . " According to his website , Pistorius is an ambassador for the Mineseeker Foundation , a non-profit organization that works to clear landmines worldwide . When asked about his thoughts on being a role model , Pistorius told CNN before the shooting : "  I think it 's a massive blessing . "  Obviously , being an international sportsman , there 's a lot of responsibility that comes with that . So having to remember that there are kids out there , especially , that look up to you is definitely something that you need to keep at the back of your mind . " Pistorius has more than 300,000 followers on Twitter , tens of thousands of whom added in the days since his arrest last year . His account laid dormant for a year until the anniversary of Steenkamp 's death in February , when he tweeted a link to "  a few words from my heart " on his website . The message said : "  No words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident that has caused such heartache for everyone who truly loved -- and continues to love Reeva . The pain and sadness -- especially for Reeva 's parents , family and friends consumes me with sorrow . The loss of Reeva and the complete trauma of that day , I will carry with me for the rest of my life . " CNN 's Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius was the first double amputee to compete at an able-bodied Olympics He described the summer of 2012 as a "  dream come true " after Paralympic gold The South African had both legs amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old He started playing sport at an early age and became a role model for people worldwide
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people marched through Chile 's capital Thursday , demanding lower tuition and other reforms in the nation 's education system . Police said at least 70,000 people took to the streets in Santiago , CNN Chile reported . Some protesters hurled stones at authorities as riot police sprayed tear gas and water cannons at demonstrators . The march drew the attention of Chilean Education Minister Joaquin Lavin . "  The violence worries me . We can not allow it . The possibility that some children and youth will miss the school year worries me . Every time there are protests , there are stoppages , instead of improving public education , we are hurting it , " he said . "  We can not keep missing classes . Please , I want to call for prudence . On the path we are on , education will not be fixed . " But protest organizers said massive marches were necessary to make the government take notice . "  The education policies must be redesigned , " Jaime Gajardo , president of the College of Professors , told CNN Chile . "  We can not continue on this path of privatization . " University students and professors organized the march . High school students in Chile have also been conducting sit-ins and protests .	CNN Chile shows some clashes between protesters and police Organizers say marches are necessary to force government reforms Chile 's education minister urges prudence and criticizes violence
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The international race among sailors , kite surfers and wind surfers to be the fastest wind-powered boat on the planet is rapidly gaining momentum as speeds reach all-time highs . Quick sailor : French trimaran l'Hydroptere is one of the boats battling for the outright world sailing speed record . The outright world sailing speed record -- which did not change hands for 11 years after 1993 -- has been bettered four times this year alone . The new holder of the record , Alexandre Caizergues , of France , claimed it with an average speed of 50.57 knots  almost 60 miles per hour  over 500 meters on his kite board off the coast of Namibia last month . Caizergues ' attempt was eventually ratified by the World Sailing Speed Record Council  WSSRC  this month , when it was decided that kite boards would be eligible for the outright record . Meanwhile , another Frenchman , Alain Thebault , has also been closely challenging for the record on his vessel l'Hydroptere . Thebault 's crew hold the 500m speed record in the boat class , and also have the overall speed record in the one nautical mile category . Then there is the Australian sailor hoping to spoil the party for the French . Paul Larsen , aboard British yacht Vestas SailRocket , has unofficially nabbed the fastest boat record from l'Hydroptere with an average speed of 47.4 knots . Larsen achieved the speed in 22 knot winds , and shortly before his unusual "  boat " became airborne and flipped . Larsen 's speed is just awaiting formal approval from the WSSRC . Thebault held the record with a speed of 46.88 knots . Even the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race has had a speed record of its own with current leader Ericsson 4 claiming the world record for the most distance sailed in a 24-hour period during the event 's first leg . According to a spokesman from the WSSRC , interest in speed sailing is steadily building , and the close competition has been giving it a boost . "  Certainly towards the end of the year it 's been very hectic . I think what has happened is that a number of competitors have been at the top end and they have all been competing against each other at the same venues . The development of new technologies is one factor that has increased interest in trying to break these records . "  The fact that kite boards have developed has helped ... but there is still a lot of people out there that want to achieve these records , " the spokesman said . He said that a lot of syndicates had been involved in speed sailing for some time , and that many were only now starting to feel the benefits of their developmental work . "  It does seem if you are going for a specially designed boat it takes a few years before you get the design right , " he said . The spokesman said the WSSRC had received about 50 formal applications for speed attempts during 2008 . He said the council 's job was not to promote the attempts but simply to oversee them in a fair and independent manner and ratify successful efforts . The WSSRC had a number of commissioners based around the world , he said .	Kite boarder Alexandre Caizergues , of France , holds the world sailing speed record The World Sailing Speed Record Council oversees and ratifies record attempts The WSSRC had about 50 formal applications for record attempts in 2008
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Growing levels of conflict , terrorism , and the toppling of regimes in the Middle East and North Africa , as well as political violence in East Africa , are driving a rise in political instability worldwide , according to research by UK risk analysis firm , Maplecroft released on Thursday . Since 2010 , one in ten of the countries surveyed have experienced a significant increase in the level of short-term political risk . These risks include governments asserting control over natural resources , regimes being ousted by popular uprisings and the expropriation of foreign investors ' assets . The findings form part of the latest Maplecroft Political Risk Atlas , which uses 52 indicators to help companies monitor political issues affecting the business environment in 197 countries . Since 2010 , Syria has deteriorated the most . It now ranks second compared with a 44th place ranking in 2010 . Somalia topped the rankings . Afghanistan , Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo also ranked in the top five . Egypt has been downgraded to "  extreme risk " for the first time as a result of violence following the ousting of former President Mohamed Morsy and an increase in terrorist attacks in the Sinai Peninsula , the report said . Maplecroft warned that Syria , Egypt and Libya are "  now so bad " that they will be "  mired in exceptionally high levels of dynamic political risk for years to come . " A fall in political violence in the Philippines , India and Uganda has contributed to these countries experiencing the biggest reduction in short-term political risk over the past four years . Improvements in the level of governance has also helped to lower risk levels in Malaysia and Israel in the same period . Social unrest The report said there is a higher chance for social unrest to exacerbate political instability in Bangladesh , Belarus , China , Kazakhstan , Saudi Arabia and Vietnam . "  This is due to the erosion of democratic freedoms , increasing crackdowns on political position and the brutality by security forces towards protesters , compounded by rising food prices and worsening working conditions , " Maplecroft said in a statement . Another concern for foreign investors is that there has been a major increase in oppression by governments worldwide . "  This erosion of political freedoms is central to driving the wider risk of unrest and instability in the medium - to long term , " said Charlotte Ingham , senior political risk analyst at Maplecroft . In the short term , foreign investors face a heightened risk of becoming complicit with the actions of these oppressive regimes , which poses a threat to a company 's reputation , the think tank said . Empowered youth Instability increases as the gap grows between political freedoms and social gains , such as education and computer literacy among young people . In 2010 , prior to the the Arab Spring , Libya , Tunisia , Iran , Syria and Egypt were among the countries with the biggest divide between political freedoms and social gains . Maplecroft predicts that the growing imbalance between social gains and political freedoms in Bahrain , Azerbaijan and South Africa will heighten the risk of instability in those countries in 2014 and beyond . Although China is categorized as "  extreme risk " in Maplecroft 's ranking of oppressive regimes , the speed of the country 's governance reforms is likely to be sufficient to limit the chances of widespread social unrest that could lead to a "  jasmine " revolution , according to the think tank . But China 's increased scrutiny of foreign business practices has created compliance challenges for companies operating there , the report added . Maplecroft cautioned that Vietnam 's crackdown on social media and freedom of speech amid growing opposition may undermine the stability of the government in the long term . Poland has experienced a significant increase in the level of political freedoms over the past four years , according to Maplecroft , and now displays a "  near perfect balance " between the level of political freedoms and social gains , which reduces the likelihood of protests and disputes over labor conditions . Political violence East African countries saw the biggest increase in the risk of political violence , including terrorism , poor governance , and regimes vulnerable to popular uprisings . Somalia , Sudan and South Sudan scored in the "  extreme risk " category , while Kenya and Ethiopia are "  high risk . " Eritrea , Tanzania and Mozambique also saw a change in their risk category . Three years after the Arab Spring , more than 60 % of countries in the Middle East and North Africa region have seen a significant rise in political violence , demonstrating the long-term political risks associated with forced regime change , the report said . In the West , the impact of the global financial crisis continues to be seen in high levels of unemployment and underemployment . This , combined with austerity measures , has contributed to growing inequality and stalling or declining living standards , according to Maplecroft . Political landscapes both in Europe and the United States have become increasingly fragmented and polarized as populist parties flourished in response to growing voter dissatisfaction with established political parties over these issues .	New research finds the Middle East and North Africa , and East Africa are political risk hotspots The Philippines , India , Uganda , Ghana , Israel and Malaysia saw the largest decrease in risk More than half of countries are classified as ` extreme ' or ` high risk ' of limiting political freedoms Disparity between political freedom and education drives short-term social unrest
CNN  -- The king of Jordan dismissed his government Tuesday and appointed a new prime minister with orders to implement political reform . The dismissal follows several protests calling for change in Jordan -- protests that echo demonstrations that have swept across North Africa and the Middle East in the last few weeks . King Abdullah II asked Marouf Al Bakhit to form a government in Jordan that will implement "  genuine political reform , " the Royal Court said in a statement . The government will "  take practical steps , quick and concrete , to launch a process of genuine political reform " and "  comprehensive development , " according to a letter from the king to Al Bakhit . It also will act to strengthen democracy , the letter said . Jordan has been deprived of "  achievement opportunities " due to some leaders ' resistance to change , the king wrote , and because they had sometimes put their own interests ahead of those of the public . The king asked Al Bakhit and the new government "  to conduct a thorough evaluation process " and review laws regarding political affairs and civil freedoms to "  address the mistakes of the past " and develop "  a clear action plan that takes the march of reform forward . " King Abdullah II also called on the new government to strengthen the institutional infrastructure and combat corruption , and prosecute those found to be involved in corruption . Jawad Anani , a former Jordanian deputy prime minister , told CNN the changes had to be made and that the development comes amid a "  deep outcry in the Arab world " seeking change and reform . He said the king wants Jordan to be more competitive , globalized , and influential , but the management he 's been choosing "  has not been very successful . " "  That 's why there 's been many changes in government , " Anani said . In this case , the message of reform , he said , covers the political , social , economic , and educational arenas . "  This is a very tall order at this time , " Anani said . But , he said , the king has "  kick-started a process " for all Jordanian citizens "  to join in and make their opinions heard . " The development in Jordan follows protests that forced the president of Tunisia from power and unrest that has convulsed Egypt for days . Demonstrators also have called for change in Algeria , Sudan and Yemen . Protest organizers have called for a demonstration this week in Syria . In Jordan , police estimated that several thousand people gathered in the capital Friday to demand more significant economic and political reforms . Protesters including Islamists , leftists and union members marched in downtown Amman , and there were protests in six other cities as well , authorities said . It was the third Friday in a row for the protests . Demonstrators gathered in front of the Al Husseini Mosque to decry government policies they blamed for rising prices , low wages and unemployment . The demonstrators had demanded what the king did Tuesday -- sack Prime Minister Samir Rifai , who took office in December 2009 . They also called for the dissolution of parliament . The Islamic Action Front , the political arm of the Jordanian branch of the Muslim Brotherhood , is also asking for an "  elected government . " Currently , the king appoints the prime minister and the Cabinet . The Jordanian government in recent weeks announced several measures aimed at easing citizens ' economic hardships , including reducing taxes on fuel derivatives and subsidizing some basic commodities . A pay raise of 20 Jordanian dinars a month  US$ 28  was given to civil servants , military personnel and retirees . But protesters Friday said the measures do not go far enough . Those in Amman Friday also showed their solidarity with others in the Arab world , most notably Egypt , where protesters have recently taken to the streets to demand certain freedoms and urge the ouster of their leaders and the government . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Journalist Amy Hybels contributed to this report .	The new government is directed to launch the political reform process Demonstrations took place last week in cities across Jordan Citizens have demanded more significant economic and political reforms Some also called for the ouster of the former PM
Vicksburg , Mississippi  CNN  -- Early signs of recovery mixed with stormy forecasts Friday , as residents struggled to dig out of the most significant flood to hit the lower Mississippi River valley in more than 70 years . In Tunica , Mississippi , two casinos reopened after being shut for almost three weeks because of the flooding , said Caesars Entertainment , the company that owns and operates them . But farther south , Vicksburg residents face a long and slow goodbye to the historic flood that submerged much of their city , forecasters said . They predicted that the river could remain out of its banks until at least mid-June . The Mississippi River is not expected to return to its 43-foot flood stage in Vicksburg until after June 14 , which is 46 days after it climbed out of its banks , said Amanda Roberts , a National Weather Service hydrologist . It crested at 57.1 feet Thursday , and the weather service predicts the crest will hold through at least Saturday morning in Vicksburg . Severe storms are likely Saturday and Sunday in the Mississippi River , Ohio River and Tennessee River valleys , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . Up to 3 inches of rain per hour are possible , with heavier storms on Sunday . The rain could lead to secondary crests and higher crests along the Mississippi from Memphis , Tennessee , southward , he said . Some greeted the cresting floodwaters -- which have damaged hundreds of homes and displaced 2,000 Vicksburg residents -- with relief . Others celebrated . Eddie Monsour , who owns a waterfront restaurant , threw a "  River Crest Party " on Thursday night . It was a big success , he said . "  Usually we 've got a good crowd , but nothing like it is now . We 're probably 200 people more than we usually are , " Monsour told CNN affiliate WJTV . "  There 's tourists here . People from all over the state just coming to see the water . They 've never seen anything like it . " The patrons also included area evacuees such as Louise Roland of Eagle Lake . "  I 'm  just here to celebrate the river cresting , " Roland said . "  Hopefully , it 'll start going down soon . " All but about a dozen of Eagle Lake 's 600 residents evacuated , according to CNN affiliate WLBT . "  We talked about it and thought about it , but this really was n't a decision at all , " one of the holdouts , Cindy Roberson , told WLBT . "  This is home . This is where our stuff is . " Local officials caution that some area residents may have to wait to return to their homes . Flooded houses pose a variety of dangers , they said . Rising floodwaters bring on debris , hazardous waste and gas leaks , and force snakes or other potentially dangerous animals from their habitats and into residential areas . "  Right now we 're moving to the recovery stage , " Vicksburg Mayor Paul Winfield told CNN . "  Our first priority , I believe , should be public safety , to continue to encourage our residents and onlookers to stay free of the water . " Law enforcement officials are patrolling evacuated areas to help ensure that abandoned homes and businesses are n't burglarized , Winfield said . And each flooded property must be assessed before an owner can return to it , he said . Residents who live along the river should be vigilant , said Marty Pope , a senior hydrologist with the weather service . Warren County , which includes Vicksburg , has "  several hundred homes that have water " and about 2,000 residents have been displaced , Sheriff Martin Pace said . County residents are accustomed to flooding and know what to do , but none have experienced it at this magnitude , according to Pace . The river began cresting ahead of schedule Wednesday night , probably because an old levee system in the Mississippi city of Greenville was breached May 13 and spread the flood 's flow , Pope said . The Mississippi River is more than 14 feet above flood stage at Vicksburg and more than a foot over the record set in the city in 1927 . Water levels in Natchez , a city about 70 miles south , are nearly 4 feet beyond the record . The river stood at 61.9 feet Thursday night , and the crest is n't expected till Saturday . The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers kept a watchful eye on the Yazoo Backwater Levee , which residents near Vicksburg were counting on . It is designed to keep water from backing into parts of the Yazoo River delta . A slide was detected on the mainline Mississippi levee at Albemarle Lake , the Corps of Engineers said Thursday . That occurs when the integrity of a levee is undermined because dirt and sand are being eroded , said spokeswoman Eileen Williamson . "  It will take about a full week to repair , " she said . Farther south , where the Mississippi River has not yet crested , residents were working to clear out their homes and find ways to get by . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has asked for federal assistance in grappling with flooding stemming from the Morganza Spillway , where 17 bays have been opened in hopes of sparing New Orleans farther downstream . So far , the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development has delivered nearly 150,000 sandbags , 30,000 cubic yards of sand and 33,000 linear feet of fabric-lined baskets , the governor 's office said . Approximately 1,150 Louisiana National Guard members have been mobilized . Mandatory evacuations will be in effect Saturday -- beginning at midnight Friday -- in Butte La Rose , Happy Town and the Sherburne Wildlife Management Area , the St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office said . By Saturday morning , "  the area will be secured and no one will be allowed to enter , " the parish said in a news release . Officials said spillway gates are likely to be open for weeks . It will be weeks before the river falls below flood stage , allowing evacuees to return . About five miles of the Mississippi River at Baton Rouge were closed Friday after four barges broke loose from a towboat , said Seaman William Benson of the U.S. Coast Guard . Three of the four sank . Benson declined to say whether the recent flooding could have had anything to do with the incident , but said an investigation was under way . The flood is the most significant to hit the lower Mississippi River valley since at least 1937 . It has affected nine states so far : Missouri , Illinois , Kentucky , Tennessee , Ohio , Indiana , Arkansas , Louisiana and Mississippi . CNN 's Phil Gast and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : 2 casinos reopen in Tunica , Mississippi NEW : Severe storms are forecast this weekend along parts of the Mississippi Experts : It will take until mid-June for floodwaters to recede in Vicksburg The Mississippi River first rose out of its banks on April 30
New York  CNN  -- A man federal authorities say is part of a Brooklyn husband-and-wife identity theft team has been charged with killing two of their victims . Dmitriy Yakovlev , 42 , is scheduled to be arraigned Monday in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn . The more serious charges were included in a supserseding indictment unsealed Thursday . Yakovlev was charged with the murder of Irina Malezhik , a Russian language translator who lived in Brooklyn and worked in the federal courts . She vanished in October 2007 . He also is accused in the slaying of Viktor Alekseyev , who disappeared in December 2005 and whose remains were found in New Jersey in 2006 , according to federal authorities . A third identity theft victim , Brooklyn resident Michael Klein , disappeared in November 2003 and has not been seen since . In addition to Yakovlev 's murder charges , the new indictment charges him and wife Julia Yakovlev , 36 , with 17 counts of identity theft , bank fraud , credit card fraud and "  effecting fraudulent transactions . " Julie Yakovlev was not charged in connection with the slayings but she has been accused of cashing $ 40,000 drawn from one victim 's account , according to Robert Nardoza , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Eastern District of New York . The couple was originally charged in August 2009 with illegally using the identities of three people between 2003 and 2007 . Julie Takovlev is free on bail while her husband remains in custody , their attorneys said . "  Identity theft victims usually lose their money , " NYPD Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said in a statement , "  In this case , they allegedly lost their lives , too . " Malezhik was last seen on October 15 , 2007 , leaving her apartment on a security video camera . Immediately after her disappearance , the couple began withdrawing money and purchasing various items in Malezhik 's name , according to court documents . "  I 'm skeptical as to the foundation and nature of charges , " said Ken Russo , attorney for Dmitriy Yakovlev . Julia Yakovlev 's attorney , Alexei Grosshtern , would only tell CNN that there are "  no new charges " against his client . He said any charges in the superseding indictment already existed in August 2009 's original indictment .	Dmitriy Yakovlev , 42 , and his wife , Julia , had been charged with bank fraud and ID theft Prosecutors : Dmitriy now faces murder charges in deaths of two ID-theft victims Lawyer : Dmitriy Yakovlev remains in jail , but his wife is out on bail
CNN  -- Authorities continued their search for bodies Wednesday , two days after one of India 's worst ferry accidents claimed at least 100 lives . The ferry sank Monday evening as it sailed along the Brahmaputra River in the remote northeastern state of Assam . Officials said the vessel -- which was overcrowded and carrying as many as 300 people -- apparently broke apart when it was about to dock after a storm . Assam home commissioner Jishnu Barua told CNN 90 people were rescued , while 19 bodies have been recovered so far . Officials said the number of recovered bodies was downgraded from 40 due to inaccurate statements from witnesses . Barua said divers have been used to retrieve bodies from the swollen river but have had limited success . He admitted the chances of finding more survivors in the fast-flowing river almost 40 hours after the accident were slim . Indian officials have also requested help from Bangladesh as they suspect many corpses have been swept downstream into the neighboring country , Barua said . Meanwhile , local villagers described the horror that awaited them on Monday night as they arrived on the scene in torrential rain to help . "  We searched the bank for survivors . We found some jumping onto the land , but about an hour later , bodies were floating and getting pushed to the bank , " Motlef Ali told the Times of India . A survivor from the boat described how many of his fellow passengers were prevented from escaping . "  The storm lasted almost an hour . It was close to the bank and many of us managed to jump on to the ground . But then the boat capsized and many were trapped inside , " Joynal Abedin told the Times of India . An inquiry into the incident has now been ordered , officials said . Boat accidents are nothing new in remote areas of India , where ferries are often overcrowded and in poor condition due to lax safety standards . In 2010 , a boat packed with Muslim pilgrims capsized in West Bengal in eastern India , killing at least 79 .	Ferry sank Monday evening as it sailed along the Brahmaputra River in Assam state Officials said the vessel broke apart as it tried to dock during a storm Only 90 people escaped , while 19 bodies have been recovered Authorities fear many bodies have been swept downstream into Bangladesh
If you 're serving burgers and Bud Light at your backyard wedding , do n't worry . You and your spouse may have the last laugh . A new study found that couples who spend less on their wedding tend to have longer-lasting marriages than those who splurge . The study , by two economics professors at Emory University , found a similar correlation between less-expensive engagement rings and lower divorce rates . The study 's authors did n't examine why , although they floated a few theories . "  It could be that the type of couples who have a ...  cheap wedding  are the type that are a perfect match for each other , " said Professor Hugo M. Mialon , who co-authored the study with Andrew M. Francis . "  Or it could be that having an inexpensive wedding relieves young couples of financial burdens that may strain their marriage , " he said . The research was based on a detailed survey completed by 3,151 adults in the United States who are , or have been , married . The authors believe theirs is the first academic study to examine the correlation between wedding expenses and the length of marriages . Specifically , the study found that women whose wedding cost more than $ 20,000 divorced at a rate roughly 1.6 times higher than women whose wedding cost between $ 5,000 and $ 10,000 . And couples who spent $ 1,000 or less on their big day had a lower than average rate of divorce . The study wo n't be cheered by the booming wedding industry , which encourages couples to spend freely on everything from invitations and flowers to videographers and Champagne . Couples in the United States spent an average of $ 29,858 for their big day in 2013 -- a record high -- according to a survey of 13,000 brides and grooms by wedding website TheKnot.com . "  The wedding industry has long associated lavish weddings with longer-lasting marriages . Industry advertising has fueled norms that create the impression that spending large amounts on the wedding is a signal of commitment or is necessary for a marriage to be successful , " Francis told CNN in an e-mail . "  Overall , our findings provide little evidence to support the validity of the wedding industry 's general message that connects expensive weddings with positive marital outcomes , " he said . Planning a wedding ? In addition to slashing costs , you might want to invite those extra co-workers and far-flung cousins , too . The Emory study also found that the greater the number of people who attend a wedding , the lower the rate of divorce . "  This could be evidence of a community effect , i.e. , having more support from friends and family may help the couple to get through the challenges of marriage , " Francis said . "  Or this could be that the type of couples who have a lot of friends and family are also the type that tend not to divorce as much . "	Study : Couples who spend less on their wedding have longer-lasting marriages A similar correlation was found between cheaper engagement rings and lower divorce rates The research was based on a survey completed by 3,151 ever-married adults in the U.S.
At the end of the APEC trade summit in China , U.S. President Barack Obama announced a climate change agreement with Chinese President Xi Jinping that would cut both countries ' greenhouse gas emissions by close to a third over the next two decades . Under the deal , the United States would cut its carbon emissions between 26-28 % -- from levels established in 2005 -- by 2025 . China would peak its carbon emissions no later than 2030 and would also increase the use of non-fossil fuels to 20 % by 2030 . "  As the world 's two largest economies , energy consumers and emitters of greenhouse gases , we have a special responsibility to lead the global effort against climate change , " Obama said Wednesday in a joint press conference with Xi . Obama said he hopes the announcement will spur other nations to tackle climate change . "  We hope to encourage all major economies to be ambitious -- all countries , developing and developed -- to work across some of the old divides , so we can conclude a strong global climate agreement next year , " Obama said . The White House said the ultimate target is to "  achieve deep economy-wide reductions on the order of 80 % by 2050 . " A senior administration official calls the goals both "  ambitious and achievable , " but also acknowledged that U.S. domestic politics could put a damper on the announcement . Saying "  leading climate deniers " in the GOP might try to stop the initiative , the official hinted the President may act alone if necessary . "  Congress may try to stop us , but we believe that with control of Congress changing hands we can proceed with the authority we already have . " The official added , "  This is really the crusade of a narrow group of people who are politically motivated and have made this a cause celebre , but we believe we will be successful . " The administration hopes to sell the plan back home by touting the anticipated savings on energy costs . "  Consumers and businesses will save literally billions of dollars " a senior administration official said . The plan offers initiatives and incentives to develop more solar and wind power across both countries , the official said . Another official said the agreement "  wo n't all fall together in five minutes , " but hopes this will demonstrate to other nations that working together to reduce carbon emissions would prove that "  we can work together to enhance deployment of sustainable clean technologies . " The White House said the announcement marks the first time China has agreed to cut its carbon emissions , and said the Chinese are calling for "  an energy revolution " that would include a broad economic reform program that would address air pollution . China has agreed to provide an "  additional 800-1 ,000 gigawatts of nuclear , wind , solar and other zero emission generation capacity by 2030 , more than all the coal-fired power plants that exist in China today and close to total current electricity generation capacity in During Obama 's visit , the Chinese government closed factories and gave employees time off to reduce car traffic and , ultimately , emissions in Beijing . The reduction of smog and the appearance of blue skies was noted by media throughout the APEC Summit . Another senior administration official said that historically , the United States and China have often been seen as antagonists , so this "  should send a powerful message , " and "  will usher in a new day , where the U.S. and China can work as partners . " On top of historic climate change agreement , Obama and Xi also agreed on the importance of cybersecurity , the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula , strengthening military relations and increasing trade .	Obama : We have a special responsibility to lead the effort against climate change As trade summit ends , President Obama announces deal with China Countries agree to cut carbon emissions by 2025 Senior administration official calls goals both "  ambitious and achievable "
The point-blank shooting of two New York City police officers this weekend is testing whether Mayor Bill de Blasio 's brand of unapologetic liberalism can work in a city that 's spent decades under mayors who made law and order a top priority . De Blasio 's pledge to reform police practices helped sweep him into office last year . And in recent weeks he 's pushed for the right of demonstrators to gather to protest the killings of Michael Brown and Eric Garner , two unarmed African-American men , at the hands of white police officers . But critics -- including those in the police force -- are accusing him of fomenting an anti-police fervor that contributed to the killings of officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos . On Monday , de Blasio tried to reduce tension in the city . "  We have to get everyone to move away from anger and hatred , " he said during an afternoon press conference . "  If there are differences , we have to address them peacefully . We have to give people faith that their concerns can be heard peacefully across the spectrum and we have to move forward . " He said New York will not "  be the kind of city it was meant to be if there is a division between our police and the community . " "  The police are our protectors and they must be respected as such , " he added . He said the murders this weekend were "  an attack on all of us " during luncheon remarks at the Police Athletic League shortly before his afternoon press conference . And the mayor also called for a hiatus from the protests that have gripped the city and the nation , saying the should focus instead on Liu and Ramos ' families . "  It 's time for everyone to put aside political debates , put aside protests , put aside all of the things that we will talk about in due time , " he said . "  Let 's accompany these families on their difficult journey . Let 's see them through the funerals ... then the debate can begin again . " But during his afternoon press conference , he also pushed back against his critics , calling remarks from the head of the city 's police union "  wrong and mistaken . " De Blasio also accused the media of contributing to the atmosphere of tension between police and protesters . "  What are you guys gon na do -- are you going to keep dividing us ? " a visibly angry de Blasio asked reporters , asserting that the media had unfairly focused on a few examples of violence that did not reflect the majority of protesters . "  You all are part of this , too , " he added . President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder have spoken out on the killings of Brown and Garner , calling for Americans to open up a dialogue on race and law enforcement and sharing their own experiences with racism . Obama has launched a task force to examine cases where there may be uneven applications of the law and propose fixes . But a startling divide between how white Americans and minorities view the criminal justice system , revealed by a new CNN/ORC poll , underscores the challenge facing both de Blasio and Obama as they struggle to find a solution to broken relationship between the police and the communities they serve . The nationwide poll , conducted largely before Liu and Ramos were shot and released Monday , shows 57 percent of white Americans think none or almost none of the police in their area are prejudiced against blacks . Just a quarter of non-white Americans feel the same . And while 50 percent of white Americans say the criminal justice system treats blacks fairly , only 21 percent of non-white Americans agree . The shooting this weekend prompted police departments from Colorado to Washington , DC , to warn their officers to remain vigilant and watch out for potential copycat violence against them . Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said this weekend on CNN that de Blasio had sparked "  intense , anti-police hatred " with his support for protesters . Patrick Lynch , the head of NYPD 's police union , also lashed out at de Blasio , saying that there 's blood on the hands of those who have supported the protesters and it "  starts on the steps of city hall in the office of the mayor . " While de Blasio tried to downplay the politics of the situation during a press conference this weekend , Giuliani and others -- largely Republicans -- have argued his policies are directly to blame . "  It is the right time to talk about -LSB- de Blasio 's -RSB- policies . His policies of allowing protests to get out of control , and of his not emphasizing enough the importance of fatherhood , the importance of education , the importance of an alternative to a public education system that is failing the black children , " Giuliani , a Republican , said on Fox News this weekend . Giuliani also placed the blame on "  propaganda " from the President . "  We 've had four months of propaganda starting with the President , that everybody should hate the police . I do n't care how you want to describe it , that 's what those protests are all about , " Giuliani said . Others took aim at Holder . "  Sickened by these barbaric acts , which sadly are a predictable outcome of divisive anti-cop rhetoric of #ericholder & #mayordeblasio , " tweeted former New York Gov. George Pataki , a Republican . Still , tensions between the police and the city 's mayors are nothing new , and indeed have n't yet reached the breaking point they saw under former Mayor David Dinkins , who oversaw -- and was unable to control -- an all-out riot by police in 1992 . Then , much of the criticism from police was the same : "  He never supports us on anything , " an officer quoted by the New York Times said at the time . New York City Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said Monday , however , that his first 10 years in the police force , in 1970 , "  were around this type of tension . " Bratton cautioned against politicizing the tragedy , but agreed that the shooting of the two officers this weekend "  was a direct spinoff " of the recent protests , and that de Blasio has work to do in rebuilding support within the police community . "  I think he has lost -LSB- the trust of -RSB- some officers , " Bratton said .	Critics slam Mayor Bill de Blasio for rhetoric , blaming it for inciting violence against police Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani called the "  intense , anti-police hatred " Two NYPD officer were gunned down this weekend while on patrol in Brooklyn
Republicans who want to taint Hillary Clinton are going to lengths to link the former secretary of state with President Barack Obama and his sagging poll numbers . Throughout the party 's infrastructure , Republicans say that linking Clinton with Obama , especially labeling her possible 2016 campaign as "  Obama 's Third Term , " is the most potent attack . America Rising , an anti-Clinton super PAC that has looked to define the former first lady for the better part of a year , will push out a series of talking points giving Clinton the third-term label , and the group plans to fundraise off the push staring Tuesday . "  Hillary Clinton has a Barack Obama problem , " reads a lengthy research document that will go out to GOP pundits , strategists , conservative organizations and media members Tuesday . "  No matter how many of her advisors whisper to reporters that she 's different from Barack Obama , Americans still know who she is : Barack Obama Part Deux . " The document lists "  10 Reasons Why Clinton 2016 = Obama 's Third Term , " including her praise for Obama as she left the State Department in 2013 , her role in his first four years of foreign policy and Clinton 's support of Obamacare . "  Looking ahead to 2016 , it 's critical that Obama 's 3rd Term is an element of the broader narrative defining Sec . Clinton , especially since she still has a higher approval than he does , " Tim Miller , the group 's director , said in a statement to CNN . Multiple Republican operatives said this strategy -- which is coming from national party groups , outside super PACs and GOP politicians -- is best at engaging the base and raising money . Therefore , it is something they plan to continue in the coming months and possibly years . Democrats , too , are concerned about the attack line . In August , some close to Clinton told CNN that labeling the former secretary of state as the successor to Obama 's legacy was a possible problem . "  She was in his government , she was at his side , " said one source . "  That is , the way to go after her is four more years of the same old thing . The question they should ask her is ` Tell me 10 things that you disagree with him on . ' " Republican lawmakers -- including those who may challenge Clinton in 2016 -- have been quick to use some variation of Obama-Clinton in speeches , statements and interviews . Hillary Clinton 's fall to-do list Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has been the most strident in linking Obama and Clinton , a tactic he first used after the former secretary of state headlined a CNN town hall in June . "  The most consistent error of the Clinton/Obama foreign policy is a failure to understand the nature of the people we 're dealing with , of our enemies , " Cruz said in an interview with CNN after the event . According to a senior Cruz aide , the attack engages the senator 's base and is something Cruz plans to use again . "  His mindset is it is not just Obama 's failed policies , it is all of them , " the aide said . "  We want to draw attention to the fact that she owns this foreign policy and she is not speaking . She is supposed to be the leader , especially on foreign policy , and she is saying nothing . She has a voice , she does n't use it . " Sens. Marco Rubio and Rand Paul , too , have been linking the two . In an op-ed earlier this month , Rubio called for voters to reject the "  the veiled isolationism of Obama and Clinton , " and Paul has looked to link the two on issues including terrorism and Syria . For her part , Clinton has both distanced herself from Obama and drawn closer to him . In her memoir , "  Hard Choices , " Clinton distanced herself from Obama on Syria and did so again in a much-talked-about interview with The Atlantic . But the former secretary of state has also heralded Obama , like in Iowa this month when she touted his handling of economic issues as getting the country "  on the road to recovery . " This is a common refrain for Clinton . At the Brookings Institution this month , she touted Obama 's "  extraordinary leadership , " adding "  thanks to the economic policies that were pursued by the President and endorsed by the Congress ... we are in a much stronger economic position than we were . " Whether she will continue this trend of heralding Obama while also distancing herself depends , according to former aides . Donna Brazile , a CNN contributor and Al Gore 's 2000 campaign manager , said whether or not Clinton needs to break with Obama "  all depends on the political climate and environment in mid-2015 to 2016 . " "  In 2000 , I had to answer this question , " she said . "  And the answer is always the same . Each year is different and every candidate must make his or her case to the voter of why they represent someone else . "	Republicans seeking to taint Hillary Clinton want to tie her to Barack Obama The President 's poll numbers are slumping And Republicans hope the attack will raise money and excitement An anti-Clinton super PAC is launching a new effort to link Clinton to Obama
CNN  -- Pope Francis sent shock waves around the globe last July when in addressing the issue of gays in the church , he opted not to remind his 1.6 billion followers about the fiery pits of hell but instead posed a question : "  Who am I to judge ? " Not exactly a ringing endorsement for equality , but the rhetorical question was light years away from what we have grown accustomed to hearing from his predecessors . And because of that , we felt a glimmer of hope that maybe the needle within the larger Christian community had moved from hostile rhetoric to civil engagement . Maybe even tolerance . In their nearly one-hour meeting this week , Pope Francis and President Barack Obama reportedly spent the bulk of their time discussing empathy . "  It 's the lack of empathy that makes it very easy for us to plunge into wars , " the President said afterwards . Presumably he was referring to military wars , though that sentiment is obviously applicable to the culture war as well . For only a lack of empathy could prompt officials at a Christian school in Virginia to suggest an 8-year-old girl attend a different school because she was n't behaving in a feminine enough way to stay at theirs .  The school says it ca n't provide details because of confidentiality , but "  this matter is far beyond a simple ` hairstyle and tomboy issue ' as inaccurately portrayed . " Only a lack of empathy could lead Catholic school officials to fire a beloved teacher for planning to marry the love of his life . Lack of empathy explains how "  The "  700 Club 's " Pat Robertson can be flippant about stoning gay people to death in the days of Jesus , or how Franklin Graham -- Billy Graham 's son -- can suggest that LGBT people might adopt children in order to "  recruit . " All of these incidents occurred after Pope Francis asked "  who am I to judge ? " as if ostracizing an elementary school tomboy was the best answer some of the Christian faith had to that question . On the day the story of the little girl made national headlines , Dan Haseltine , lead singer for the Christian band Jars of Clay , tweeted , "  why do I find myself regularly shaking my head , or rolling my eyes at supposed Christian leaders . " He followed with , "  I am learning that love 's most potent manifestation happens when we make room at the table for everyone . " Haseltine 's remarks were refreshing , because many Christians in his position prefer silent disapproval in response to over-the-top quotes and head-scratching stories like the one involving the little girl . If you 're curious why more and more people are leaving the church , maybe it 's because they hear "  love the sinner but hate the sin " from the pulpit -- and then see so many followers go about their day as if simply saying the word "  love " excused them from actually having to show any . Many followers of Christ may find silence on this topic easier , not noticing silence is being interpreted as endorsement -- whether they agree with the anti-gay rhetoric or not . For each time "  Who am I to judge ? " is asked , an anti-gay quote from the Catholic League 's Bill Donahue is there to answer . To move Pope Francis ' question from a global headline to global change , Christians must stop allowing silence to be the de facto weapon of choice against the senseless persecution of gay people . Forty percent of the country 's homeless youth identify as LGBT , with nearly half kicked out of their homes by those who are supposed to love and care for them . There 's a sermon topic we do n't hear every week -- but we should . Slave owners used to start and end each service on the plantation with Ephesians 6:5 -- "  Servants , be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh , with fear and trembling , in singleness of your heart , as unto Christ . " "  Who am I to judge ? " was not enough to change that . Women were once compelled to stay with abusive husbands with the words "  wives , submit yourselves unto your own husbands , as unto the Lord . " "  Who am I to judge ? " was not enough to empower women and get the legal system to prosecute their assailants . It was in such silence that laws in Uganda were originally drafted to make being gay punishable by death . Laws that found validation from the ties some Ugandan politicians had to well-known U.S. evangelicals who regularly visited the country . The evangelicals have since distanced themselves from the anti-gay politics of Uganda . Not because of some moral stirring within their soul but because they were called out on it . Because the silence ended . Cardinal Timothy Dolan -- when asked about NFL prospect Michael Sam coming out of the closet -- said on NBC 's "  Meet The Press , " "  The same Bible that tells us -- that teaches us well about the virtues of chastity and the virtue of fidelity and marriage also tells us not to judge people . " It 's a truism ignored way too often by anti-gay Christian leaders . A truism that is n't reiterated enough by those who follow them .	Pope Francis and President Obama discussed the importance of empathy LZ Granderson says the Pope was right last year when he said : Who am I to judge ? Sadly , he says , many others do n't follow that teaching Granderson : Do n't answer the persecution of gay people with silence
Washington  CNN  -- In the emotional aftermath of the Trayvon Martin killing last year , Attorney General Eric Holder signaled the unlikelihood of filing federal hate crimes charges against admitted shooter George Zimmerman . "  For a federal hate crime , we have to prove the highest standard in the law , " Holder said in April 2012 , 45 days after Zimmerman shot the African American teenager in what was depicted by civil rights groups as a racially motivated killing . In words that now sound prescient , Holder described to reporters that day how "  something that was reckless , that was negligent does not meet that standard . " "  We have to show that there was specific intent to do the crime with requisite state of mind , " he said . Zimmerman 's acquittal of state murder and manslaughter charges on Saturday showed the Florida jury rejected that he intended to kill Martin for any reason , including the racial motivation necessary for federal charges that he violated Martin 's civil rights . The Department of Justice opened an investigation into the Zimmerman case last year , and a statement from the agency on Sunday said it was ongoing and will now include evidence and testimony from the Florida trial . In a speech in Washington on Monday , Holder said the Justice Department would "  continue to act in a manner that is consistent with the facts and the law " in examining what he called "  the tragic , unnecessary shooting death of Trayvon Martin . " "  Independent of the legal determination that will be made , I believe that this tragedy provides yet another opportunity for our nation to speak honestly about the complicated and emotionally charged issues that this case has raised , " Holder said . "  We must not - as we have too often in the past - let this opportunity pass . " Separately , the White House said President Barack Obama would play no role in deciding whether federal charges are filed . "  Cases are brought on the merits and the merits are evaluated by the professionals at the Department of Justice , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . The president on Sunday called Martin 's killing a tragedy for America , but said in a written statement that the jury had spoken . He acknowledged the case had "  elicited strong passions , " but urged "  calm reflection . " Still , political pressure for a federal case is mounting . Demonstrators around the country are calling for Zimmerman to be punished , and hundreds of thousands of people have signed online petitions by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People  NAACP  that call for federal charges . However , legal experts make the same point Holder did last year in saying the law limits the federal government 's options . Watch Holder 's speech Because Zimmerman is a private citizen , he can only be charged with a hate crime in terms of civil rights violations under federal law , said David Weinstein , a former federal prosecutor in Florida who now is in private practice . To successfully prosecute Zimmerman , the Department of Justice would have to show that Zimmerman "  caused the death of Trayvon Martin solely motivated by/because of his race or color , " Weinstein told CNN in an e-mail , adding : "  This element was absent from the state trial and quite frankly does n't exist . " Five Reasons for acquittal CNN Legal analyst Paul Callan agreed Monday that federal prosecutors are "  in sort of a tough spot . " The hate crimes statue is generally applied to cases involving police officers or other government agents , Callan said , adding that using it in a case involving a lone private citizen is "  very , very rare and I think in this case , it 's going to be very hard to prove . " A federal hate crimes violation in a killing carries a maximum penalty of life in prison . Even if the federal charges were identical to the state charges , it would not be double jeopardy for Zimmerman because the federal government is a separate and sovereign entity . Those seeking federal charges say the killing was racially motivated , arguing that Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , targeted Martin for special scrutiny because the teenager was an African-American . Regardless of how the shooting occurred , they say , the fight occurred because of Martin 's race . "  The most fundamental of civil rights  $ " the right to life  $ " was violated the night George Zimmerman stalked and then took the life of Trayvon Martin , " says the petition on the NAACP website . Petition to White House Rep. Marcia Fudge , the Ohio Democrat who chairs the Congressional Black Caucus , said racial profiling like what Zimmerman did to Martin "  continues to make communities of innocent individuals fear a justice system designed to protect them . " "  Men and women wonder if merely walking or driving justifies being followed , stopped , or questioned , " Fudge said in a statement Monday . "  This practice and the presumption of guilt so often associated with people of color must come to an end . " A crush of petitioners crashed the NAACP website during the night , causing the group to set up a parallel petition drive on the liberal MoveOn.org website , said Derek Turner of the NAACP . A separate petition effort on the White House website generated nearly 15,000 supporters . Such political pressure evokes memories of the Rodney King case in 1991 , when videotape of white Los Angeles police officers clubbing an African-American man after a car chase prompted race-tinged national furor . When a criminal court failed to convict the officers of police brutality , riots ensued in Los Angeles over alleged racial discrimination . The Justice Department then filed a civil rights suit against the officers , alleging "  deprivations of federal rights under color of law , " and two were convicted in 1993 . A court sentenced them to 30 months in federal prison . Weinstein said the Justice Department ca n't file similar charges against Zimmerman because he is a private citizen instead of a police officer or government official of any kind . "  There are no other relevant sections under which to prosecute him " other than the hate crime statute , which covers "  offenses involving actual or perceived race , color , religion , or national origin , " Weinstein added . However , Martin 's family can still file a civil wrongful death lawsuit against Zimmerman to seek penalties and damages . Such a legal move carries no criminal penalty or prison time . Obama wo n't get involved in decision CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Ben Brumfield and Josh Levs and InSession Trial Editor Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	President Obama will have no role in deciding on federal charges Federal hate crimes laws require proof of racial motivation , legal experts say AG Holder has called that a high legal bar ; says Monday that facts and law are paramount The jury in the George Zimmerman case rejected state criminal charges
CNN  -- U.N. peacekeepers and troops from the Democratic Republic of Congo are trying to bring peace to an eastern Congo town where a cattle-rustling dispute led to the deaths of 30 people . At least 15 people were wounded in Friday 's unrest , part of ongoing violence in this area of the country , the United Nations said . The United Nations called for an immediate end to fighting between the Bafuliru and Barundi/Banyamulenge communities in the province of South Kivu . Martin Kobler , the chief of the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo , said troops would be deployed to Mutarule to assist the Congolese army and local officials . Eastern Congo , a mineral-rich region , has been at the center of a political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda , for two decades . Government troops have also battled rebel groups such as M23 , which was defeated in November . The persistent violence has led to thousands of families who can not farm and leave their homes for refugee camps , according to the United Nations . The international body also blames a lack of government spending on agriculture , education , health and infrastructure for the worsening situation .	The United Nations sends in peacekeepers after 30 people are killed The fighting was between two communities of Congolese Eastern Congo has long been the center of ethnic and political conflict
CNN  -- The worst might be over on Indonesia 's Mount Merapi volcano , disaster officials said Thursday . They urged calm in the aftermath of recent eruptions , which started on October 26 and have killed 191 people . "  Generally speaking , Mount Merapi has passed its dangerous phase , " the National Agency for Disaster Management said . It cited recent eruptions versus historic ones . Merapi 's recent eruptions have released about 140 million cubic meters of magma , the disaster agency said . The previous record flow occurred in 1872 , at 100 million cubic meters . The information was released in an attempt to reassure Indonesians , especially those in the Yogyakarta and Central Java area . Despite that , government volcanology experts have kept Merapi 's alert level at 4 , the highest . On Wednesday , the Merapi Disaster Health Team said that the recent eruptions have seriously injured 145 people , and left scores of others less severely hurt . The eruptions have displaced nearly 344,000 residents , many who are now living in refugee camps , the National Agency for Disaster Management said . To restore a sense of normalcy for displaced students , classes have started at the camps , disaster officials said Thursday . President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has called the volcano eruptions a crisis situation . Over the weekend , he and several of his ministers visited Yogyakarta to oversee relief efforts . On Thursday , disaster officials said dredging has begun . The work is being done to limit further destruction . "  We 've taken steps to anticipate possible lava floods from upstream , " said Syamsul Maarif , the head of the National Agency for Disaster Management . The 3,000-meter  9,800-foot  Merapi , in Central Java , is famously unpredictable . About 1,300 people died when it erupted in 1930 . Many people continue to live in the shadow of the volcano , raising food and livestock . The president has announced that residents will receive compensation for livelihoods and animals lost to the eruptions . The government will buy endangered cows on the volcano , Yudhoyono said . Many of those who live on its slopes risked their lives by staying or returning to feed their cows during lulls of volcanic activity . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Generally speaking , Mount Merapi has passed its dangerous phase , " the government says It cited recent eruptions vs. historic ones and compared magma flow Eruptions that started on October 26 and have killed 191 people Nearly 344,000 residents have been displaced
CNN  -- This month on Inside the Middle East , CNN 's Nic Robertson travels to Libya to explore the Roman ruins of Leptus Magna . Meanwhile Arwa Damon looks at the lost treasures of Iraq and a controversial choice by a Kurdistan museum to pay smugglers in an effort to recover stolen artifacts . Jordan 's Gem Hidden in mountains , built among stunning rock formations , Petra was once a prosperous trading hub . Today it 's Jordan 's historical gem , attracting nearly one million visitors a year . We explore the ancient site to find out what makes Petra so unique . Cave Dwellers of Petra We journey beyond the well-worn tourist paths , and meet the people who live , work and protect Petra . The local Bedouin community has called Petra  s caves home for generations . Living off of the land in a desert is by no means easy , but for the Bedouins , Petra is more than a place , it  s a large part of their identity . A Roman City in Libya CNN 's Nic Robertson visits Leptus Magna , Roman ruins beyond comparison with any location in Europe . Thanks to local residents and police , during recent violence nothing was stolen , as a community banded together to preserve their heritage . Lost Treasures of Iraq Iraq 's National Museum lost around 15,000 artifacts from which only 1000 have been recovered . Now the second largest museum in the northern part of Kurdistan has made the difficult and controversial choice to pay smugglers for stolen artifacts . Arwa Damon reports . Watch the December show at the following times : Wednesday 7 December : 1030 , 1730 Saturday 12 December : 0530 , 1930 Sunday 11 December : 1230 Saturday 17 December : 1230 Sunday 18 December 0530 , 1930  all times GMT	IME travels to Jordan to the historical marvels at Petra which was once a bustling trade hub Nic Robertson visits the Roman ruins of Leptus Magna in Libya Arwa Damon reports on a Kurdistan museum that is paying smugglers for looted items
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Welcome to Tunis . It may have been the last flight into Tunisia . Tunis Air Flight 848 from Beirut , Lebanon . Throughout the flight I watched as the passenger in the seat behind me , an older Tunisian gentleman , got steadily more intoxicated on his bottle of Johnny Walker Black Label . Toward the end of the three-hour flight , he was asking fellow passengers in a loud voice if they wanted to join him in establishing a new party to promote democracy in Tunisia . When we took off from Beirut , Zine El Abidine Ben Ali was still president of Tunisia , and had ruled the nation since 1987 . When we landed , cell phones started going off , my BlackBerry was buzzing like an angry hornet . Ben Ali had left . Further coverage on CNN Arabic.com The stewardess informed us over the plane intercom that because of the general strike , we would not be able to retrieve our luggage , and because of the curfew we would not be able to leave the airport . This did n't seem to faze most of the passengers , who were busy discussing Ben Ali 's departure . "  I 'm glad he 's gone , " a businessman told me with a smile of quiet satisfaction . "  Things will be better now . The problems are over . " For the CNN crew , it seemed like our problems were just beginning . What can you do sitting in an airport ? How do you cover the story from a plastic chair in the arrival hall ? Camerawoman Mary Rogers of Cairo , Egypt , and I pondered our options , and they were n't good . There 's only so much "  atmosphere " you can get at an airport . A crew from Tunisian TV was videotaping soldiers next to the arrival hall . A large army truck pulled up , disgorging more soldiers . Our prospects were looking worse by the minute , until a large man approached me and asked if I needed a taxi . "  A taxi ? " I asked , taken aback . "  But there 's a curfew , there are checkpoints and I can hear gunfire . How can you take us to the city ? " "  Everything is fine , " he responded . "  I 'll take you . " After some bargaining we settled on $ 40 , a stiff surcharge , but I agreed . Better $ 40 than a night sleeping on a cold and gritty airport floor . We put our hand luggage in the boot , got in and started to leave the airport . "  The road is closed , " someone shouted to us . I told Mary we had probably a less than 50 % chance of making it to the hotel . The driver seemed to think I was optimistic . "  You realize I 'm gambling my life to do this , " he told me . But then added quickly "  Everything will be fine . " So fine , in fact , all the while he was smoking one cigarette after another , taking phone calls from relatives , some as far away as France , asking how he was . The highway from the airport was utterly deserted . Not a car , not a person . All the stores were closed . After about 10 minutes we arrived in the city proper , where we encountered our first checkpoint , a tank and an armored personnel carrier . We stopped , the driver told them we were going to the hotel . They responded that the main road was closed ; we would have to take a detour . A few minutes later , another checkpoint . More soldiers , who ordered the driver out . They checked his papers , looked in the car , saw we were foreigners and let us proceed . A minute later , another checkpoint . The soldiers made us all get out . I showed them my passport , explained I had made the mistake of choosing Tunisia as a vacation destination . They did n't think that was funny . Nearby there were two young men on their knees , hands tied behind their backs . Unlike the previous checkpoints , this one was tense . The soldiers did n't like our presence , but eventually waved us on . The streets were strewn with trash , in some areas broken glass . It was by no means a scene of destruction , but it was clear that earlier in the day thousands of people had been there . The closer we got to the center of the city , the more soldiers we saw , as well as plain-clothes policemen carrying revolvers or automatic weapons . Where there were groups of soldiers , there were more young men on their knees with their hands bound . I looked down one street and saw three young men peering anxiously around a corner . Although it was quiet , something was afoot . "  Rawah ! " a soldier shouted at us as we drove by . "  Go home ! " "  We 're almost at the hotel . Pay me now , " the driver said . "  But where is the hotel ? " I asked . "  I see nothing . " "  There it is , " he said , pointing to a large white siding in front of a building . "  Now hurry up and pay me . I need to get out of here and go home . " The main door was covered . A man stuck his head out from behind the siding and looked at us quizzically . "  Is this the hotel ? " I asked him . "  Yes , yes , " he responded , motioning urgently . "  Come in quickly . " My "  less than 50 % chance of success " prediction was wrong . Welcome to Tunis .	CNN reporter , camerawoman have harrowing trip into Tunis Crew catches last flight into country Tunisia 's president has left the country amid unrest
Over the weekend , Amber Vinson was in Ohio to plan her wedding . Today , the 29-year-old nurse is hospitalized in Atlanta , fighting the Ebola virus . What a difference a few days can make . Vinson is only the second person known to have contracted the deadly disease inside the United States . Both she and Nina Pham are nurses at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas , where they treated Thomas Eric Duncan when he was hospitalized for Ebola in late September . He died October 8 . Though she lives in Texas , Vinson grew up in Ohio , and flew there over the weekend to visit family and take care of a few wedding plans . "  Very intelligent lady . We had great conversation . Nice bridal party . All her friends were nice , " said Anna Younker , owner of Coming Attractions Bridal and Formal in Akron , Ohio . Vinson and her friends visited the shop Saturday . Younker said Vinson did not appear sick then , and was a great customer . However , she now wonders : "  How did you not think this through ? You know , if you 're supposed to be quarantined , you 're at a hospital where the Ebola is alive , what made you think it 's OK to get on a plane ? " How did nurse who treated Ebola patient fly on commercial jet ? ` Ill but clinically stable ' There are contradictory reports about how Vinson was feeling during her time in Ohio . Her uncle Lawrence Vinson told CNN 's Don Lemon that his niece felt fine during her trip , and in fact did n't feel sick until waking up in Texas on Tuesday morning . But a federal official with direct knowledge of the case told CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen that Vinson said she felt fatigue , muscle ache and malaise while she was in Ohio and on the flight home . The prospect that she might have felt sick during her time there has led health authorities to reach out to more people , from those on her initial Dallas-to-Cleveland flight to those she interacted with in Ohio . She was joined on her last flight to Texas by 132 other people . Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Tom Frieden said she never should have set foot on the last flight at least , but another federal official told CNN that no one at the agency stopped her . Lawrence Vinson said there was no directive that she should n't have traveled . In fact , he said a CDC official -- through an intermediary in Texas -- gave his niece the go-ahead to fly , even after learning that she had an elevated temperature of 99.5 Fahrenheit . Officials confirmed that she got the OK to fly , although there were questions about who contacted whom . What 's not disputed is that Vinson went to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital on Tuesday . A day later , she was transferred to Emory University Hospital in Atlanta , which has successfully treated two other Ebola patients . Late Thursday , her family released a statement , thanking people for their support and asking for privacy . "  Amber is stable , and we are continuing to work with her doctors as her treatment progresses . Amber is a respected professional and has always had a strong passion for nursing , " according to the statement . "  She followed all of the protocols necessary when treating a patient in Dallas , and right now , she 's trusting in her doctors and nurses as she is now the patient . To that end , we ask that the media respect Amber 's privacy and that of our family during this overwhelming experience . " ' A real sweetheart ' Details about Vinson are starting to trickle out . She lives by herself and does not own any pets , according to CNN affiliate WEWS . She attended Firestone High School in Akron . Judith White , a teacher there , remembers Vinson as a straight-A student , with an interest -- even then -- in the medical field . "  She was a wonderful girl , role model , very motivated . She was international baccalaureate , which is our highest level . It 's like a college course and I have n't seen her , of course , in quite a few years , but had followed her progress and she 's just done so well , " WEWS reported White said . Vinson graduated from Kent State University , where three close relatives are employed . "  While she was in the area over the weekend , she herself did not come to the Kent campus , but she did interact with her relatives . They returned to the Kent campus to work earlier this week , but once they learned of her illness in Dallas , they left the campus , " Kent State spokesman Eric Mansfield said . "  They 're going to stay away from the campus for 21 days and self monitor on their own , " he said . Family members have asked for privacy and police have put up yellow tape around their house to prevent anyone from approaching . A family friend described Vinson as compassionate . "  She 's a wonderful young lady , very quiet girl growing up . But she 's a real sweetheart , " Lory Harris told CNN affiliate WFAA . "  That 's all I remember her as -- a sweetheart , " Harris said . Complete coverage on Ebola	Amber Vinson 's uncle says she was n't told not to travel , got OK to fly He says she felt fine in Ohio ; an official says she was achy , fatigued The 29-year-old nurse is hospitalized with the deadly Ebola virus She is described as a straight-A student and a sweetheart
CNN  -- What is it about Woodstock ? Jimi Hendrix closed the Woodstock festival on Monday morning , August 18 , 1969 . The 1967 Monterey Pop Festival was arguably more influential and , like Woodstock , spawned a terrific film , D.A. Pennebaker 's "  Monterey Pop . " The 1969 Isle of Wight Festival in England , two weeks after Woodstock , included the elusive Bob Dylan . And there were several other gatherings during the late - '60s and early - '70s festival frenzy , including the ill-fated Altamont festival in 1969 and the record-setting Watkins Glen festival in 1973 . But nobody talked about a "  Monterey Nation " or a "  Wight Nation " or , God forbid , an "  Altamont Nation . " No other festival prompted Charles M. Schulz to name a "  Peanuts " character after it . No other festival has maintained a viable name for four decades . And no other festival is still so present in the public and media consciousness . With Woodstock 's 40th anniversary Saturday comes a plethora of releases , including CDs , DVDs , a VH1 documentary airing Friday , the new movie "  Taking Woodstock " and several books . Watch Woodstock co-founder Michael Lang talk about the festival " "  There 's a quality to Woodstock that has to do with the ... hugeness of it , " said festival co-founder Joel Rosenman . "  We seem to remember that it involved the whole generation . " Many members of that generation , he added , were n't aware there were so many others like themselves . "  They had ... been reading in the establishment media they were a splinter here and a fragment there , " he said . "  And all of a sudden , they get to Woodstock ... and saw the entire world as -LSB- they -RSB- knew it was on -LSB- their -RSB- side instead of the side you thought it was on . ... It was pretty heady stuff . " iReport : Memories of Woodstock By now , the basics of Woodstock have passed into legend . How four men -- Rosenman , his business partner John Roberts , entrepreneur Michael Lang and record executive Artie Kornfeld -- wanted to put on a concert for the counterculture . How their site choices fell through . How Max Yasgur rented his dairy farm with a month to go . How the event drew half a million people , more than twice what had been expected . How it caused a huge traffic jam . How it became a free concert . How it rained . And how everyone -- concertgoers and security , musicians and authorities , visitors and residents -- got along and made the most of the three days with minimal violence and lots of joy . Watch why Woodstock made a difference " As a resident of the Woodstock Nation might say , the vibes were good . But that does n't explain how the event gave way to the myth . Elliott Landy , a photographer best known for his "  Music from Big Pink " and "  Nashville Skyline " portraits of The Band and Bob Dylan , respectively , believes part of Woodstock 's aura came from its isolation . "  In the full Woodstock experience , you were cut off from the rest of ... everyday life , " he said . "  It was kind of a magic land . " Rock critic Dave Marsh , who said he was offered a ticket but did n't go , puts it succinctly : "  Woodstock was an accident . God liked that one . " But Woodstock was also at the nexus of so many swirling currents of the '60s : the generation gap , the antiwar movement , the evolution of rock music , the growth of the youth culture . One person in Barbara Kopple 's VH1 documentary said , with still-discernable anger , "  They -LSB- the establishment -RSB- were trying to kill us , " and he was n't kidding ; the draft was ever-present , with the threat of Vietnam hanging over many heads . Music was just as divisive . Unlike today , when underground acts quickly become mainstream through word-of-Internet , the underground in 1969 was truly underground . Only the most popular rock acts appeared on prime time television , and a 1966 Harris poll reported a plurality of people over 21 disliked rock 'n' roll . "  Longhair " and "  hippie " were n't descriptions ; they were epithets . Woodstock gave the baby boomers a rallying point . If the special editions of magazines trumpeting its success were n't enough , the movie and the soundtrack album were huge hits upon their 1970 release , bringing elements of the Woodstock experience to millions . Santana drummer Michael Shrieve , whose drum solo during the band 's "  Soul Sacrifice " became an indelible Woodstock moment , remembers how fame caught him by surprise . He was waiting in line to see "  Woodstock " with other band members . As the previous show let out , "  We noticed that people were looking at us and pointing at us , and we did n't know what was going on . " The band found out soon enough : On a tour of Europe , Shrieve stopped at a newsstand to pick up a magazine , and he was on the cover . "  I realized this was taking off , " he said . Though much is made of the Woodstock spirit -- the camaraderie , the cooperation through the rain and the mud and the traffic -- not everybody bought into it . The Who 's Pete Townshend has often criticized Woodstock , disparaging The Who 's performance and calling the audience "  a bunch of hypocrites " ; he later plowed his Woodstock-era alienation into such songs as "  Wo n't Get Fooled Again . "  Townshend has also acknowledged that the Woodstock gig was "  important . " Marsh , who wrote a recent cover story on Woodstock for Relix magazine , admires the festival 's optimism but not many of its realities : the poor sanitation , the hype , the idea that getting away from society was going to solve its problems . "  We were ambitious as people , and our ambition was to create a beautiful new society . ... And this seemed like a step on the road to a lot of people , " he said . "  I never bought the thing that the artificial wilderness was a solution to our social problems . ... I think a lot of people thought if you got stoned and bonded together with a bunch of people to whom on Monday you did n't feel bonded at all , that that was a step on the journey . " For all of the good will Woodstock created , it 's also blamed for what it did n't do . The war did n't end . Altamont , the hope for a West Coast Woodstock , culminated in an audience member 's slaying . And members of the "  Woodstock Nation " went their separate ways . Woodstock also was the beginning of a new era in the music business -- it became a "  music industry , " Woodstock co-founder Lang noted . Producer-engineer Eddie Kramer , a Jimi Hendrix colleague who recorded the festival , agreed the music world changed after Woodstock . "  You have to realize that , in 1969 , agents and managers were in the background , " he said . "  And the musicians were n't really competing with each other . They were friendly to each other and were eager to help . " As much as "  getting back to the garden , " in Joni Mitchell 's words , Woodstock now also symbolizes baby boomer nostalgia . Among the related products and events are a 6-CD box set  Rhino  ; an "  Ultimate Collector 's Edition " DVD reissue of director Michael Wadleigh 's Oscar-winning documentary  Warner Home Video  ; the new Ang Lee film "  Taking Woodstock " ; "  Woodstock Experience " remastered CDs of complete live sets by such performers as Santana and Janis Joplin  Sony/Legacy  ; Friday 's VH1 documentary by Oscar-winning filmmaker Barbara Kopple ; a tour by the "  Heroes of Woodstock " ; an anniversary concert at the Woodstock site in Bethel , New York ; and several books , including works by Lang and Landy . That 's a lot to pile on to what was , at its heart , a music festival , and perhaps people have expected too much from Woodstock . Just a year after the event , critic J.R. Young reviewed the soundtrack in Rolling Stone and gave voice to the disappointment and cynicism . "  That 's why there will never really be a Woodstock Nation , " said a character in the review , which was written as a short story . "  You wo n't let anybody live on your land . " And yet "  Woodstock " remains a magic word -- one that , finally , refuses to reveal its secrets . Woodstock co-founder Rosenman ends up reaching for the elation of Keats ' poem "  On First Looking into Chapman 's Homer " -- "  Then felt I like some watcher of the skies / When a new planet swims into his ken " -- when trying to describe the festival 's thrill . But he stops short of adding up the details . It was the people , he said , who made Woodstock . "  That half a million-strong audience created something -- they created a legend , " he said . "  I actually do n't think it 's possible to do the making of that legend and explain it to the satisfaction of almost anybody . I think you 'd still come away wondering , ` What the heck made that happen ? ' " And Shrieve , who 's long since come to terms with being known as "  the guy who did the drum solo at Woodstock , " is equally philosophical about how the festival is portrayed . "  It 's interesting to observe history from the viewpoint of having been there . It also gives you some insight into everything else , " he said . "  I mean , any historical moment , there are people that are there and people who are not there . And when it grows into something that becomes more mythological , you see people telling the story of how it happened , and you go , ` Wait a minute ! That 's not what happened ! ' "	Woodstock festival was 40 years ago Saturday Festival represents idealism , music , money , mud , depending on who you ask Festival co-creator : It was the audience who "  created a legend "
CNN  -- Steve Landesberg , best known for his role as a cerebral detective on the TV sitcom "  Barney Miller , " has died of cancer , his agent said . He was 65 . "  Steve was a true ` Gentleman , ' " Landesberg 's agent Jeffrey Leavitt said late Monday , shortly after the actor 's death . "  Working with Steve was an honor both personally and professionally . ... He will be missed . " Landesberg played with deadpan delivery Detective Arthur Dietrich on "  Barney Miller , " an often infuriatingly intellectual member of a New York City police station in Greenwich Village , who toyed with those who crossed his path in the precinct . The series ran from 1975 to 1982 . In addition to his stint on the sitcom , Landesberg made guest appearances on a number of shows , including "  Saturday Night Live , " "  The Golden Girls " and "  Law & Order . " He also appeared in the 2008 movie "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall . " He is credited with the quote "  Honesty is the best policy , but insanity is a better defense , " according to WorldofQuotes.com . CNN 's Matthew Carey contributed to this report .	Steve Landesberg played Detective Arthur Dietrich on "  Barney Miller " series Actor was a veteran of TV and movies Landesberg dies of cancer
CNN  -- Rhode Island moved toward becoming the 10th state in the nation and the last in New England to approve same-sex marriage after its state Senate voted Wednesday to approve a bill extending marriage rights . Senators approved the bill 26-12 Wednesday afternoon . Though the House version of the bill passed by a vote of 51 to 19 in January , the Senate amended it , "  so it needs to go back to the House , where it has solid support , " Senate press secretary Greg Pare said . The House could vote on the amended version as soon as next week , he said . Governor Lincoln Chafee , an independent , has indicated support for the measure . The Senate Republican Caucus on Tuesday expressed unanimous support for the bill . The Rhode Island Catholic Conference said Tuesday in a statement posted on its website that it appreciated that exemptions for religious organizations had been included in the bill . "  Unfortunately , the exemptions fail to protect individuals and small businesses who believe that marriage is a union of one man and one woman , " it said . Scott Spear , an advisory board member of the Rhode Island chapter of the National Organization for Marriage , said he would have preferred the fate of the bill be decided in a public referendum rather than by the Senate . "  We believe the record of marriage as has existed throughout the history of civilization stands for an empirical truth , and that truth is a marriage is a union between one man and one woman , " he said in a telephone interview . Iowa , New York , Vermont , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Maine , Maryland , Washington and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage . Their combined populations , based on U.S. Census estimates for 2012 , represent 15.8 % of the U.S. population . The addition of Rhode Island 's 1,050,292 residents would nudge that up to 16.1 % . For some lawmakers , the issue transcends politics . During a debate Tuesday over reversing Nevada 's law banning same-sex marriage , state Sen. Kelvin Atkinson revealed that the issue is a personal one for him . "  I 'm black , I 'm gay , " he said . "  I know this is the first time many of you have heard me say that I am a black , gay male . " "  It was an impulse decision , " he said Wednesday in a phone interview with CNN , adding that he had not planned on saying anything in the session . "  I felt it was time to do it . " The Nevada Senate voted 12-9 to start the process to repeal the gay marriage ban .	Rhode Island is poised to become the nation 's 10th state to approve same-sex marriage The state Senate approved the measure 26-12 Wednesday The bill would then be sent back to the House , which approved a different version this year
The extremist group ISIS "  probably " wo n't be defeated under the current Obama administration , Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday . "  This , as the President has said , is going to have to be a sustained effort , " Blinken said . "  It 's going to take time , and it will probably go beyond even this administration to get to the point of defeat . " Who is the ISIS ? After the beheading of journalist Steven Sotloff by ISIS militants , Obama faced a chorus of bipartisan calls from Congress to act more aggressively and come up with a concrete strategy to combat ISIS , beyond the ongoing targeted airstrikes in Iraq . Nudges from Congress Florida Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson announced on Tuesday that he plans to introduce legislation making it clear the President has the authority for airstrikes against ISIS in Syria . Rep. Frank Wolf , a Republican from Virginia , said he plans to offer an even broader measure that gives the President the power to use military force against international terrorists . Last week , the Senate 's top Republican told CNN that he would support congressional authorization for a new , broadened strategy to go after ISIS . "  In all likelihood , it would make sense for  President Obama  to get our support , " said Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . "  It 's pretty clear ISIS is a serious threat . They have the potential to hit us here at home . " Still , House Speaker John Boehner is putting the onus on the President to present a strategy before Congress acts . "  The President is the commander in chief ... and it 's his responsibility as the chief executive to outline a plan that will protect American interests , protect American lives -- both at home and abroad , " Boehner said in a radio interview this week . "  Until the President is willing to lay out a plan , the Congress has very few options ahead of it , " Boehner said . House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy echoed the Speaker 's concerns . "  First and foremost ... the President has to have a strategy. , " McCarthy said Wednesday on the Hugh Hewitt radio show . "  I mean what is our foreign policy ? I do n't know what it is and if we do n't know what it is and our allies do n't know , and our enemies do n't know so they are pushing the envelope . " Why it took Obama so long to address his no ISIS strategy comments Clarifying his position Speaking Wednesday , Obama addressed his much criticized statement last week that he has no strategy on ISIS in Syria . He said he was referring to a military strategy in Syria that "  might " require congressional approval . "  Our objective is clear . That is to degrade and destroy  ISIS  so it 's no longer a threat , " he said . "  We can accomplish that . It 's going to take some time , it 's going to take some effort . " Biden warns ISIS : ` We will follow them to the gates of hell ' The President said the world needs a regional strategy to defeat the group . "  We 've been putting together a strategy that was designed to do a number of things ... What we have to make sure is we have a regional strategy in place , " he said . Opinion : We need to think outside the box on ISIS	NSA 's Tony Blinken says ISIS "  probably " wo n't be defeated under Obama 's watch "  It will probably go beyond even this administration to get to the point of defeat , " he tells CNN Obama says U.S. has a clear objective against ISIS
CNN  -- The mother of a Brooklyn teenager shot and killed by police demanded an investigation Thursday , saying he was "  slaughtered " and that she wants to know why . Kimani Gray , 16 , died over the weekend . His death triggered protests in Flatbush , a community in Brooklyn where distrust of the police runs deep . "  I 'm still waiting for Kimani to come home , " Carol Gray told reporters during an emotional news conference . She wore dark sunglasses and struggled to speak as she recalled picking the color of her son 's casket . "  He has a curfew , " she said . "  Sometimes he 's late . Sometimes he 's early depending on the night . But whatever time he gets there , I 'll be real happy to see him as soon as the bell rings . And for the past couple of days , the bell has n't rung . " According to police , plainclothes officers were on patrol in their car in Flatbush when they saw a group of men gathered on the street at about 11:30 p.m. Saturday . As the officers got closer , Kimani Gray broke from the group and adjusted his waistband . The teen "  continued to act in a suspicious manner , " so the officers got out of their unmarked car and tried to get his attention , said a NYPD statement . Kimani Gray then "  turned on them , " it said , and pointed a .38 - caliber revolver at the officers . They fired at the teenager , striking him . The teen died at a hospital , and a loaded .38 was recovered from the scene , the statement said . One officer fired four rounds ; another fired seven , according to NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . Both are now on administrative duty . The officers were taken to a hospital and treated for what the department described as trauma and tinnitus , a ringing in the ears . Gray said that her son was killed in front of his best friend 's house . She described him as a typical teenager , into girls and hanging out with friends . Most people in the city likely do n't believe what police say happened Saturday , said Councilman Charles Barron , who appeared with the teen 's mother at the news conference . For her part , Carol Gray said she did not think her son had a gun , but added , "  I was n't there . " "  He is not the public 's angel , but he 's my angel , and he 's my baby , and he was slaughtered and I want to know why , " she said . By Monday , anger at the shooting boiled over , with a mob of young people interrupting a vigil by running wildly into local businesses , according to an eyewitness . Police said they arrested two people that day . On Tuesday , another protest brought out a mostly calm crowd that returned Wednesday , anticipating that Gray 's mother would speak , said iReporter and professional photographer Joel Graham . But the hope for a peaceful crowd faded when about 30 young men showed up across the street from the vigil , he said . "  They were not coming out of the shadow . They were staying in the dark area of the street . You just knew it was going to turn into the cops trying to contain those kids who were obviously gon na go for it , " Graham said . "  That just stopped the original intention of the night . " Graham began to take photos , watching as kids crossed the street toward the protesters . Community leaders started shouting for everyone to calm down and asked anyone taking pictures to stop so they could talk to the young men and calm things down , the photographer told CNN . "  These kids broke loose and took off . The police were caught off-guard , " Graham said . "  Those kids really know the streets , and they 're spreading out and going down side streets away from the main street . " Next came the sound of breaking glass and rolling trash cans , Graham said , and business owners quickly pulled down their metal store-front security coverings . One officer received a gash to his face while another was pushed off his scooter , police said . Forty-six arrests were made , including two juveniles , with the majority charged with disorderly conduct . On Thursday , Mayor Michael Bloomberg offered condolences to Gray 's family and said that more must be done to stop gun violence . "  I can promise you that we will conduct a full and fair investigation , " he said . "  I understand there 's anger in the community , but the ways to get answers is not through violence or law breaking . We can not tolerate that and we will not tolerate that . " The mayor said , "  there 's nothing we can do to undo the tragedy for the family , but we 've just got to get guns out of the hands of kids and of the people who should not have them . " Flatbush is a place where many people distrust the police , and gun violence is part of everyday life , some residents say . "  As a black man growing up in Flatbush , you just expect to be harassed by the cops , pulled over , arrested and now just straight up killed , " said Shanduke McPhatter , a 35-year-old former gang member who works with young men in the neighborhood . "  That 's what 's happening out here . And kids are doing it to themselves to -- they doing the crime , too -- and you got cops who do n't live here coming in here so hard , too hard . That 's how we got a situation like Kimani Gray . " The violence over Gray 's death will eventually subside , but the intense distrust of police will rear itself again violently soon enough in Flatbush , said Lumumba Akinwole-Bandele , a senior organizer with the NAACP . A Brooklyn resident for 41 years , he and McPhatter told CNN there are big problems to address . "  There are no community centers here , " McPhatter said . "  That has to change . You have to be here and get involved . "  And for the cops , they just need to take that badge away and talk , talk to us like human beings . We 're asking them to do that , and we 've got ta open up and talk to them . We have to do our part , too . Otherwise , this is just going to keep happening . " CNN 's Mary Snow and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Carol Gray calls for an investigation into her son 's death "  I 'm still waiting for Kimani to come home , " she says Kimani Gray , 16 , was shot and killed over the weekend ; his death triggered protests Police say Gray pointed a gun at them
CNN  -- Louis Oosthuizen delivered a masterful third-round display to take control of the Deutsche Bank Championship in Norton , Massachusetts on Sunday to put the South African on the cusp of his first win in the U.S. . The South African shot a super 63 as he reeled off nine birdies , including a tournament record of seven in a row from the fourth , to move to 19 under par . That birdie blitz enabled the 2010 British Open champion to move three shots clear of world number one McIlroy , who hit 67 , with Tiger Woods  68  tied for third with fellow American Dustin Johnson  65  . "  Probably the start anyone would dream of on that front nine , " said Oosthuizen , who once shot a round of 57 at a course near his birthplace of Mossel Bay , South Africa . "  I made everything , so you get those days where you just look at a putt and you hole it . " Belgian rookie Colsaerts wins Ryder Cup wildcard One of those nine birdies included a 42-footer on the eighth as the 2012 Masters runner-up secured a tournament-record 29 on the front nine at TPC Boston . "  I 've put myself in great spots this year , had a good chance at Houston , had a good chance at Augusta , a few other tournaments , WGC earlier , " added Oosthuizen , referring to how close he has come to winning in the U.S. "  I 'm just going to keep on doing what I 'm doing . The more I 'm in the position on the back nine on Sunday , or in this case on a Monday , then it 's going to happen sooner or later . Oostuizen 's playing partner McIlroy , who had led by one stroke at the start of Sunday , had nothing but praise for the South African 's round . "  He 's very explosive , and he did n't really put a foot wrong , " said McIlroy .	Louis Oosthuizen takes three-shot lead into Monday 's final round of Deutsche Bank Championship South African cards 63 in third round , including nine birdies Oostuizen delivers tournament-record 29 on the front nine South African is searching for his first win in the U.S.
CNN  -- Photographs purportedly showing the blood-spattered bathroom where Olympian Oscar Pistorius fatally shot girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp have emerged , apparently showing the scene of the killing for the first time . The photos surfaced just days before the double amputee track star is due to appear in court , charged with murdering Steenkamp in his Pretoria home in the early hours of February 14 . The images published by Sky News show a trail of blood leading from a bathroom ; blood on the walls , stairs and a couch inside the house , and a Valentine 's Day card with "  Ozzy " written on it -- Steenkamp 's nickname for her sprinter boyfriend . CNN EXCLUSIVE : Uncle says Pistorius ` heartbroken ' The photo of the bathroom shows a toilet covered in blood , a door with a missing panel and what appear to be two police-marked bullet holes below the level of the door 's handle . CNN has not been able to independently confirm the authenticity of the photos , and police spokesman Brigadiere Phuti Setati declined to comment on how Sky News obtained the pictures . The runner says he thought there was an intruder in the house and , fearful of being attacked , ran on his stumps to the bathroom , where he shot through the door from a relatively low angle four times . It was only upon returning to his bedroom , Pistorius says , that he realized Steenkamp was not in bed and that she had been the one in the bathroom . The state says it was premeditated murder -- that Pistorius had an argument with Steenkamp then put on his prosthetic legs , walked to the bathroom , and shot through the door from a relatively higher angle , intentionally killing his girlfriend . CNN 's Robyn Curnow says a number of questions remain about the photos . "  The door was removed quickly from the scene of the crime , but appears to have been reconstructed here , so it 's unclear when the photos were taken and whether this is a reconstruction . "  These photos have also not been seen by Oscar Pistorius ' legal team , and their release to journalists will raise questions about whether police corruption may have been involved , " she said . The police investigation into the killing has been beset by problems and scandals since the start . Hilton Botha , the original lead investigator , admitted during Pistorius ' bail hearing that police had failed to wear protective shoe covers at the crime scene because they had run out of them , and that it was possible evidence had been damaged as a result . Botha also drew audible gasps from the packed courtroom when he testified that testosterone had been found at Pistorius ' house , before being forced to admit that he had n't actually read the full name of the substance . The sprinter 's lawyers testified that the substance was an herbal remedy . The Paralympian 's lawyers also got Botha to acknowledge that investigators had failed to collect any evidence that counters Pistorius ' argument that he mistakenly shot Steenkamp . Things took a turn for the surreal near the end of the bail hearing when it emerged that Botha himself had been charged with seven counts of attempted murder for firing on a minibus full of people in 2011 . Those charges had been withdrawn pending further investigation , but prosecutors reinstated them and he was pulled off the Pistorius case the day before the sprinter was granted bail . Curnow says the timing of the release of the crime scene photos is especially significant , given that prosecutors are expected to ask magistrates next week to postpone the case pending further investigations . "  A legal expert has told me all indications are that the state 's case against Pistorius is really quite thin at the moment , " Curnow said . "  It 's possible that the publication of these photos will delay the trial still further . " Police spokesman Setati told CNN : "  Nothing will distract the detectives from the case . They will remain on course to make sure that they secure a murder conviction . " CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Photos of crime scene in Pistorius ' house emerge for first time Photos show bloody bathroom where sprinter shot girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp Other photos show trail of blood , apparent Valentine 's Day gift for Pistorius Pistorius charged with murdering Steenkamp on February 14 ; has court hearing Tuesday
CNN  -- Mexico 's poor form in qualifying for the 2014 World Cup has cost coach Jose Manuel "  Chepo " de la Torre his job . The 47-year-old 's assistant Luis Fernando Tena will take charge for Tuesday 's crunch clash with the United States in Ohio , following Friday 's 2-1 home defeat by Honduras . The reverse , just Mexico 's second in 77 qualifying matches at Estadio Azteca , left the Olympic champion in fourth place in the CONCACAF group and struggling to earn an automatic place at the showpiece tournament in Brazil next year . Only the top three teams have direct qualification -- the fourth finisher must play Oceania winner New Zealand in a playoff . De la Torre said after the Honduras match that he would not resign , but the Mexican football federation announced Saturday that his two-year tenure was over in a brief statement on its website . He led Mexico to victory in the 2011 Gold Cup , but the team lost in this year 's semifinals and also struggled at the Confederations Cup in Brazil -- a rehearsal tournament for the main event next July . Mexico has qualified for every World Cup since 1994 , reaching the round of 16 on each of those occasions . The Americans , meanwhile , dropped to second place after losing 3-1 against Costa Rica , despite Clint Dempsey scoring on his 100th international appearance . The home side earned revenge for March 's snow-affected 1-0 defeat in Denver , as goals from Johnny Acosta , Celso Borges and Joel Campbell put Costa Rica one-point clear at the top with three games to play . Panama could have moved above Mexico , but only drew 0-0 with 10-man Jamaica -- with Rodolph Austin sent off in the second half . In South American qualifying , Colombia joined Argentina on 26 points at the top after Friday 's 1-0 win over fourth-placed Ecuador . James Rodriguez scored the only goal in the first half , while Ecuador earlier had Gabriel Achilier sent off and then missed a second-half penalty by Walter Ayovi . It guaranteed Colombia at least a playoff place , and hope of a first World Cup appearance since 1998 . The top four teams go through automatically . Chile moved up to third with a 3-0 win over Venezuela , while Luis Suarez scored both goals as Uruguay climbed to fifth with a 2-1 win away to Peru . In Africa , Ethiopia ended South Africa 's hopes by beating Central African Republic 2-1 in Congo on Saturday . South Africa , the 2010 World Cup host , failed to make the final round of qualifying despite finishing its Group A campaign in second after a 4-1 win over Botswana . Burkina Faso went through as Group E winner after a 1-0 win over Gabon meant second-placed Congo missed out , having drawn 2-2 away to Niger . Nigeria won Group F after beating second-placed Malawi 2-0 at Calabar , while on Friday Ghana also qualified -- joining Algeria , Egypt and Ivory Coast in the five two-leg playoffs to be held in October and November .	Mexico coach Jose Manuel de la Torre sacked ahead of United States trip The Mexicans struggling to qualify for 2014 World Cup after Honduras defeat Americans seeking to rebound from Friday 's 3-1 loss to Costa Rica in San Jose Colombia moves closer to first World Cup appearance since 1998
CNN  A new year means new programs to stream ! The streaming gods were good to us last year , and 2015 is starting off with the return of some previously dropped titles and some brand new goodies . Here 's what Netflix , Amazon Prime and iTunes have to offer for January : Netflix : "  101 Dalmatians " "  Bad Boys II " "  Batman & Robin " "  Bruce Almighty " "  Cast Away " "  Dallas " Season Three "  Get Low " "  Election " "  Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas " "  Fort Bliss " "  The French Connection " "  Friends : The Complete Series " Jeepers Creepers 2 "  Mean Girls " "  The Quiet Man " "  Shall We Dance ? " "  To Be Takei " "  The War of the Worlds " "  Wayne 's World 2 " "  Brick Mansions " "  Frank " "  Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit " "  Pysch " Season Eight "  White Collar " Season Five "  Z Nation " Season One "  The Adventures of Puss in Boots " Season One "  Beauty and the Beast " Season Two "  Being Human " Season Three "  Chef " "  The Fall " Season Two "  Iliza Shlesinger : Freezing Hot " "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy " "  Wolfblood " Season Three Amazon Prime : "  Barbershop 2 : Back in Business " "  Beverly Hills Cop II & III " "  It Happened One Night " "  Mr. Mom " "  Snatch " "  Swingers " "  Footloose "  1984 "  Hoosiers " "  On the Waterfront " "  The Amityville Horror " "  Amityville 2 : The Possession " "  Breakfast at Tiffany 's " "  Moonstruck " "  Shall We Dance ? " "  Jack Ryan : The Shadow Recruit " "  Starred Up "  Prime Member Exclusive "  The Congress "  Prime Member Exclusive "  Bottle Rocket " "  Big Fish " "  The Winning Season " "  Justified " Season 5 "  Hit by Lightning " "  Patton Oswalt : Comedy Plus Tragedy Equals Time " "  Barefoot " "  Repentance " "  Gloria " "  Frida " iTunes : "  Sugarland Express " "  Duel " "  Always " "  The Search for General Tso " "  The Book of Life " "  Lucy " "  Laggies " "  Scorpion King 4 : Quest for Power " "  Love is Strange " "  No Good Deed " "  Predestination " "  Before I Go To Sleep " "  My Old Lady " "  Racing Hearts " "  The Scarehouse " "  John Wick " "  Tyler Perry 's Madea 's Tough Love " "  Ouija " "  Vice " "  Little Accidents " "  Dear White People " "  Dracula Untold " "  Barbie in Princess Power " "  Song One " "  The Humbling " "  Killers " "  Manny " "  Everly " "  The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby " "  We 'll Never Have Paris " "  Addicted " "  Mas Negro Que La Noche " "  Kill the Messenger " "  Nightcrawler " "  Lego DC Comics Super Heroes : Justive League vs. Bizarro League " "  Wild Card " "  Backstreet Boys : Show 'Em What You 're Made Of " "  Downton Abbey Season 5 " "  Justified " Season 3 Season Premiere "  The Wire " in HD , Complete Series "  Dance Moms " Season 5 "  Agent Carter " Season 1 "  Empire " Season 1 "  Archer " Season 6 "  The Missing " Season 1 "  Glee " Season 6 "  It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia " Season 10 "  Workaholics " Season 5 "  Man Seeking Woman " Season 1 "  Whitney " "  Justified " Season 6 "  Sons of Liberty " Season 1 "  The Americans " Season 3 "  Suits " Season 4B	Some previously dropped titles like "  Mean Girls " are back The complete series of "  Friends " will be available for the first time
CNN  -- Since assuming the role of executive director of the Black Coaches and Administrators  BCA  in 2001 , my most frequently asked question has been : "  What is the reason for the lack of black head football coaches in the NCAA ? " My answers were always objective , not subjective . I focused on the facts . The numbers spoke the truth . Today , we 're immersed in the afterglow of a remarkable seven-day collegiate football hiring span . From Dec. 7 through 13 , three new head football coaches of color were appointed on the BCS  Bowl Championship Series  level : Turner Gill  Kansas  , Charlie Strong  Louisville  and Mike London  Virginia  . The earlier November selections of Larry Porter  Memphis  and Willie Taggart  Western Kentucky  elevated the number to five in the current 2009 FBS hiring cycle . We have 13  11 African-American  head football coaches of color among the 120 FBS  Football Bowl Subdivision/IA  schools . We are experiencing a watershed of success after a sordid history of disappointments . When the BCA released the initial report card in 2003 , the FBS had only three head football coaches of color . One year ago , only four African-Americans were head coaches in the FBS . It was the lowest total in 15 years . By the conclusion of the 2008/2009 hiring cycle , the number had risen to nine . BCA report cards revealed increases in the number of people of color brought in for official interviews , but , in reality , the hiring remained abysmal by any acceptable standard . Anyone desiring to become a head football coach on the FBS level had a lesser chance statistically than those seeking to become head coach in the NFL or in NCAA basketball or even a general in the U.S. Army . At the minimum , the number of minority head football coaches should be closer to 20 percent of the opportunities . My statement to college presidents , which accompanied the release of our most recent hiring report , called for the administrators to "  stand up for justice and not block its path . " Finally , it appears the labors of those who have so painstakingly tended to the tree of opportunity for minority football coaches have finally produced the first significant harvest of delicious fruit . What happened to cause the change ? No single event or group is fully responsible ; it is a collaboration of voices and actions on the issue . I equate it to the steady and deliberate pounding on a huge rock that finally cracks . While the last blow finally splits the rock to the core , all the strokes that preceded it contributed to the break . I believe the BCA has played a significant role in the exposure of the collegiate football hiring issue dating back to the late 1980s . The production of the annual hiring report card and distribution of capable candidate lists has brought awareness , knowledge and accountability to the search and hire process . Dr. Richard Lapchick  DeVos Sports Business Program  has produced multiple reports and studies pertaining to the diversity and inclusiveness of all of collegiate sports and , specifically to football . His call for an "  Eddie Robinson " rule on the collegiate level , similar to the National Football League 's Rooney rule , is heard . The Rooney rule requires that at least one minority candidate be interviewed when a new head coach is appointed . The executive office of the NCAA , led by the strong advocacy of its late president , Myles Brand , has been significant in voice and funding for this change . The vice president of diversity and inclusion , Charlotte Westerhaus , has provided successful professional development under the NCAA Expert Forum  Academy  for football . The five recent hires are alums of the Expert Forum programs . The strong voice of retired NFL head football coach Tony Dungy is being heard . When Tony speaks , the people listen . He has the resume and the platform to state the case for the equitable hiring issue . His expertise and credibility is unquestioned . Winning is always important . Coaches of color are experiencing success . For the first time in history , three current coaches of color will take FBS teams to a bowl game : Randy Shannon  Miami/Champs Sports Bowl  , Ken Niumatalolo  Navy/Texas Bowl  and Kevin Sumlin  Houston/Armed Forces Bowl  . Two of the past three Super Bowl champions have been coached by African-Americans African-Americans  Dungy and Tomlin  . The current success of the Indianapolis Colts with Jim Caldwell as head coach is further testament . The Division IA Athletic Directors , led by president Dutch Baughman , recently adopted an "  Acceptable Standards " policy to create a prescribed and appropriate standard to administer the business of intercollegiate athletics . Specifically , the intention was to reaffirm a commitment to ethical procedures in the search and hiring process . The recent passage of the state of Oregon 's House Bill 3118 was very significant . Initially , this bill was spearheaded by the concerns of a private citizen , Sam Sachs , to the Oregon legislature . Oregon has adopted legislation similar to the NFL 's Rooney Rule for all state colleges as a guideline for hiring in athletics . It appears that up to eight additional states will strongly consider similar legislation . Finally , nothing is more significant than the positive effect of seeing the highest office in our country and , for that matter , the entire world occupied by an African-American . President Obama 's position and success as a national and world leader speaks volumes . Most of the messages from my office have criticized a process that has progressed slowly , if not begrudgingly , toward equity . Today , I can honestly say our college presidents and athletics directors are standing up for justice and not blocking its path . It 's important that we be able to continue to make this statement on a regular basis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Floyd Keith .	Floyd Keith says NCAA colleges are beginning to hire coaches of color He says after years of failure , the advocates of diversity are succeeding Keith says victories by teams coached by African-Americans have helped Advocates have worked hard to set the groundwork for the changes , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , one of Obamacare 's architects and staunchest supporters , is also the only top congressional leader to exempt some of his staff from having to buy insurance through the law 's new exchanges . Reid is the exception among the other top congressional leaders . GOP House Speaker John Boehner , House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell have all directed their staffs to join the exchange , their aides said . After website woes , President pushes benefits of Obamacare In the charged atmosphere surrounding Obamacare , Reid 's decision only gives Republicans more ammo to attack Democrats already suffering politically from the law 's botched rollout . In September , Reid told reporters , "  Let 's stop these really juvenile political games -- the one dealing with health care for senators and House members and our staff . We are going to be part of exchanges , that 's what the law says and we 'll be part of that . " With website deadline met , Obamacare scrutiny increases That 's true . Reid and his personal staff will buy insurance through the exchange . But it 's also true that the law lets lawmakers decide if their committee and leadership staffers hold on to their federal employee insurance plans , an option Reid has exercised . Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson emphasized , "  We are just following the law . " Insurers still reporting errors on Obamacare applications But Republicans are already taking aim . "  I 'm sure that regular Americans who just lost their insurance will feel comforted to know that Senator Reid 's staff gets to keep their government plan , " a senior GOP Senate aide said . Former Reid staffer Jim Manley defended his old boss , arguing that "  the only people hypocritical here are Republicans , who made this an issue in the first place . " And all four House and Senate leaders are required to relinquish their federal employee insurance plans next year and are choosing to enroll in the exchanges . CNN 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report	Other congressional leaders have instructed their staffs to enroll In September , Reid said , "  We are going to be part of exchanges " Law lets lawmakers decide if committee and leadership staffers keep federal employee insurance
CNN  The death of an Argentine prosecutor who accused the country 's most powerful of a criminal cover-up has put on display a labyrinth that could have hatched from a novelist 's imagination . It involves an investigation into the deadliest terror attack in Argentina 's history , modern geopolitics , alleged betrayals , a puzzling death and a dose of paranoia . If you are unfamiliar with the story : Last week , a special prosecutor investigating the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires filed a report alleging that the President , foreign minister and other officials conspired to cover up Iran 's involvement in the attack , which killed 85 . The prosecutor , Alberto Nisman , was invited to testify about his allegations before Congress on Monday . But on the eve of his testimony , Nisman was found dead inside his apartment . He died of a gunshot wound to the temple . A gun and a shell casing were found near his body . The apartment was locked from the inside . At first glance , a suicide . But the untimely death raised suspicions immediately . A poll by the firm Ipsos of more than 400 Argentineans found that 70 % of them believed that Nisman was murdered . Some 18 % believed he took his own life , and 12 % did n't have an opinion . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , who initially called Nisman 's death a suicide , reversed her thinking Thursday . In a statement , she called it "  the suicide  that I am convinced  was not a suicide . " It is an about-face from her position just days before . Her first statement on Nisman 's death was a rejection of the prosecutor 's allegations and a reflection on , "  What was it that led a person to make the terrible decision to take his own life ? " Two things happened after that : the prosecutor looking into Nisman 's death said that no gunpowder residue was found on his hands , as would be likely if he pulled the trigger . Second , the locksmith who helped Nisman 's mother gain access into the apartment cast doubt on reports that the door could have been opened only from inside . To the contrary , someone could have gained entry with something as simple as a wire , the locksmith said . "  Anybody could have opened it , " he told a swarm of reporters after giving a statement to investigators . While Fernandez now considers that Nisman did not commit suicide , she still believes that his allegations against her government are false . Nisman was not a hack with an agenda against the President , but a naive investigator who was used by others who fed him false information , Fernandez said . "  The criminal complaint by prosecutor Nisman was never in itself the true plot against the government , " Fernandez wrote . His report "  collapses like a house of cards , " she wrote , and Nisman probably never knew he was being fed false information . The real plot against the government was his death , which came after he accused her government of a cover-up to protect Iranian suspects in the bombing , Fernandez wrote . "  They used him while he was alive , and then they needed him dead , " she wrote . "  It 's that sad and terrible . " Nisman 's report promised to provide evidence "  of the existence of a sophisticated criminal plot , deliberately conjured to cover up and provide impunity to the Iranians accused in the investigation of the attack " of the Jewish community center in 1994 . Less than 48 hours after Nisman 's body was found , the court that had received the criminal complaint published the entire document on the internet . Traffic was so heavy that the website hosting the document crashed for a while . The 289-page report makes its case based on tapped telephone conversations between representatives of Argentina and Iran and concludes that the South American nation agreed to stop pursuing the named Iranian suspects in the bombing in exchange for an oil-for-grain-and-meat deal with Iran . A little background : In 2007 , Argentina requested the arrest of several Iranians in connection with the 1994 bombing , including former Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi . Interpol approved so-called Red Notices for these suspects , alerting countries around the world of Buenos Aires ' desire to have them arrested . According to Nisman 's report , representatives on Fernandez 's behalf held both secret and public meetings where it was agreed that the trade deal could be reached if the Red Notices were withdrawn . It was a geopolitical move to fortify Argentina 's economic position at the cost of forgoing justice in the bombing of the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association building , according to Nisman . Intercepted phone calls between representatives of both countries show that there was a conspiracy to create a new hypothesis for the bombing and to redirect the investigation based on fake evidence that would remove the spotlight from the Iranians , Nisman 's report states . The public face of this plan was an agreement reached between both countries in 2013 to jointly investigate the bombing by creating a binational "  truth commission , " Nisman wrote . The plan never took off , however , because of an unexpected roadblock , according to Nisman 's report . Interpol refused to withdraw the Red Notices against the Iranians . Without that , Iran moved the deal to the back burner , Nisman wrote . The release of Nisman 's report was not a bombshell . Its contents were widely reported , but Fernandez 's government and its supporters outright rejected the allegations . Fernandez focused her attack on Nisman 's sources , including two Argentineans that the prosecutor identified as working for the country 's intelligence services . These alleged spies -- Ramon Allan Hector Bogado and Hector Yrimia -- never worked for Argentine intelligence , Fernandez said . Everything Nisman argues is false , Fernandez says -- the spies were spies , Argentina did n't ask Interpol to withdraw the Red Notices , trade between Argentina and Iran has actually decreased , and so on . "  We think all the allegations are baseless , " Foreign Minister Hector Timerman told CNN on Thursday . Fernandez 's government has done more than any previous administration to get to the bottom of the bombing , Timerman said . "  I am Jewish , " he said . "  And to think that a person of my religion , the Jewish religion , can make a deal not to prosecute the death of 85 people , most of them Jewish in Argentina ... I have to tell you , it 's not easy to live with . " The Argentine government was not involved in Nisman 's death in any way , he said . "  Nobody , I mean , wanted more for Mr. Nisman to live and to answer questions , than the President of Argentina and myself , " Timerman said . If the accusations and counter-accusations laid out by all sides are n't confusing enough , additional theories continue to arise . In a news conference , Argentina 's chief of the cabinet ministers , Anibal Fernandez , offered new questions . Nisman was on vacation in Europe with his teenage daughter when he suddenly cut short his trip and returned to Argentina , according to the cabinet chief . "  Things just get stranger , " he said , asking who called him back in a hurry . "  Why did he return ? Why did he leave his daughter there , alone at an international airport ? " the cabinet chief said . It was previously reported in the local media that Nisman told a reporter at least twice that this investigation might cost him his life . He also allegedly got the handgun from a friend because he feared for his security , according to reports . The cabinet chief proposed another wrinkle : "  The closer we read  the report  , the more we are convinced that Nisman did n't even write that complaint . What is the reason behind filing this ? What is the objective ? This is what we must find out . " The whole story is a tangled web that is hard to describe , but reflects an observation Argentine novelist Jorge Luis Borges once made : "  Reality is not always probable , or likely . " CNN 's Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	Argentina 's President says prosecutor 's death was not a suicide Story surrounding Alberto Nisman 's death is complicated Questions surround deadly terror attack in 1994
CNN  -- A state medical examiner will try to determine the cause of death of two University of Florida students who died over the weekend while exploring a cave in northwest Georgia . Michael Pirie , 18 , and Grant Lockenbach , 20 , both died Saturday of what appears to be hypothermia , David Ashburn , director of Walker County emergency services , said late Sunday . Autopsies will be conducted , he said . "  Both passed away in Ellison 's Cave in Walker County and their bodies are at the state medical examiner 's office now , " Ashburn said . "  We think Grant went down first and Michael went down to help him . " Their bodies were removed from the cave late Saturday , he said . They were part of a group of five guys and five girls who were exploring the Crockford-Pigeon Mountain Wildlife Management Area in LaFayette , Ashburn said . Walker County Sheriff Steve Wilson said affiliate WTVC that Pirie and Lockenbach broke away from the group and decided to explore by themselves . "  They were only dressed in T-shirts and jogging shorts and certainly were not dressed appropriately for going in a cave , " Wilson said . Other members of the group were able to communicate with the men for up to 45 minutes , but their voices eventually grew faint and disappeared . Lockenbach was president of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes , which held a prayer service for the two students Sunday night , the Orlando Sentinel reported . Pirie was also a member of FCA and played in the University of Florida Drumline .	The bodies of the students are recovered over the weekend Hypothermia appears to be the cause of death Report : Both men were members of Fellowship of Christian Athletes
Washington  CNN  Hillary Clinton has yet to declare her intentions to run for president , but the likelihood of a 2016 campaign is such a foregone conclusion that 29 out of 46 senators in the Democratic caucus have already endorsed her all-but-certain plans . Ready for Hillary , the pro-Clinton super PAC that has urged Clinton to run since 2013 , has been the force behind seventeen of these endorsements . Senators like Tim Kaine and Mark Warner of Virginia and Dick Durbin of Illinois and have all endorsed the former secretary of state through the super PAC . The group is also currently working to line up more endorsements . "  We 've been fortunate to have prominent Democrats lend their credibility , their star power and their grassroots networks to help build a list of millions of Hillary supporters , " group spokesman Seth Bringman said about the list of high-profile endorsements they have wrangled for Clinton . What 's more , every female Democratic senator in the last Congress backed Clinton in a secret letter . "  All of the Senate Democratic women have written her a letter encouraging her to run , " Sen. Kay Hagan , who lost reelection in 2014 , told an audience in 2013 . In fact , before Clinton has even declared her candidacy , over 60 % of Democratic senators have endorsed her run . Here is the list : Sen. Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut - Told CNN at a 2014 University of Connecticut event that he "  would support her when and if she " runs . Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey - Booker told NBC News that there are "  few candidates in history " as qualified as Clinton . "  There are few candidates in history who are as qualified or ready for the job of president as Hillary Clinton . I 'm excited about her candidacy and her vision for our country , " Booker said . Sen. Barbara Boxer of California - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Maria Cantwell of Washington - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland - Headlined a December 2014 fundraiser organized by Ready for Hillary Sen. Bob Casey of Pennsylvania - At a 2014 event in Philadelphia , Casey told CNN that it was too early to talk about Clinton 2016 . "  I 'm not going to get into that , " he said . But after Clinton announced her run , he emailed supporters to say , "  Having served with her in the Senate , I know she has always been a strong advocate for the middle class and I 'm confident she will work tirelessly to ensure that Pennsylvania families have the chance to get ahead and stay ahead . " Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois - Headlined a June 2014 fundraiser organized by Ready for Hillary Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota - The senator told MSNBC this in December 2014 : "  I think that I 'm ready for Hillary . I think that we 've not had someone this experienced , this tough , and she 's very , very impressive . " Franken has also expressed support through Ready for Hillary . Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Martin Heinrich of New Mexico - Headlined a July 2014 fundraiser organized by Ready for Hillary Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Mazie Hirono of Hawaii - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida - Nelson reportedly called Clinton in December 2014 to urge her to run . "  It 's time for a woman , " he told The Tampa Bay Times . "  I 'm all for Hillary . " Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia - Headlined a May 2014 fundraiser organized by Ready for Hillary Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont - Told Vermont Public Radio this in June 2014 : "  I told her if she decided to run I would support her and would be willing to do whatever she likes . I 've made no secret of that ever since then . " Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia - He told Politico in January 2014 that he wants Clinton to run . "  I do n't know if there 's anyone more qualified . I 've seen it all , " he said . Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Barbara Mikulski of Maryland - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Patty Murray of Washington - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Brian Schatz of Hawaii - Tweeted Monday morning that he was backing Clinton in 2016 . Sen. Charles Schumer of New York - The outspoken senator has gone as far to say that he would bet on Clinton running in 2016 . Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia - Headlined a July 2014 fundraiser organized by Ready for Hillary Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts - Signed a letter with all other female senators backing a Clinton run Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island - Told The Hill in January 2014 that he was backing Clinton . Not all senators , however , are ready to endorse Clinton this early . Delaware Sens. Tom Carper and Chris Coons have both side-stepped questions about Hillary Clinton 2016 , largely because of uncertainty around whether Vice President Joe Biden -- a Delaware native -- will run . Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey told CNN last year that it was too early to endorse and Sen. Bernie Sanders , an independent senator who caucuses with Democrats , is actively pursuing a 2016 run himself . Here is the list of not yet and nos to Clinton 2016 : Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio - In a June interview , Brown said he was n't "  on board with anybody " after being asked about Clinton 2016 . Sen. Thomas Carper of Delaware - The senator told The Hill in 2014 that "  It 's entirely , entirely too early to be talking about anybody running for president . " Sen. Chris Coons of Delaware - "  I think 2016 is a long way off , we have to get through 2014 , " Coons told Politico in January 2014 . "  I have always supported Sen. Biden , Vice President Biden , and I think all of Delaware looks forward to a future in which he has great opportunities to serve . " Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont - The independent senator is actively pursuing a presidential run in 2016 . Some senators have been unclear about their support of Clinton in 2016 . The best example is Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . Reid sent a fundraising email through Ready for Hillary in 2014 and regularly speaks highly of the Clintons . But he has not directly said that he is support her possible run . Here is the list of senators whose support is unclear : Sen. Michael Bennet of Colorado - The Colorado Democrat sent an email through Ready for Hillary in 2014 , but to date , has not made it clear that he would back her run in 2016 . Sen. Joe Donnelly of Indiana Sen. Angus King of Maine - The Maine senator has not said outright that he is n't backing Clinton , but in a post-election interview with MSNBC , the independent senator who caucuses with Democrats said , "  I think that is going to be a difficulty for someone like Hillary Clinton , who has tremendous experience and background , but she 's going to have a hard time saying , ` Oh , I 'm a new person . ' " Sen. Ed Markey of Massachusetts Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey Sen. Jeff Merkley of Oregon Sen. Chris Murphy of Connecticut Sen. Gary Peters of Michigan - Clinton endorsed Peters in 2014 and although Peters hinted at Clinton 's future , he did n't outright endorse her . "  Whatever she does , she is going to be really great at it in the future , " he said at the event with Clinton . Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada Sen. Jon Tester of Montana - After losing the chamber in 2014 , the Montana Democrat was named chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee through 2016 . Sen. Tom Udall of New Mexico Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon	Twenty-seven out of 46 members of the Senate Democratic caucus - or nearly 60 % - are already backing a Clinton 2016 run Most of these endorsements have been facilitated by Ready for Hillary , a super PAC urging Clinton to run The number of endorsements is a sign that Clinton 's run is a forgone conclusion in Washington
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Afghan government hopes to hold talks with Taliban representatives in Saudi Arabia in the coming weeks , according to a senior Afghan official , in a move that threatens to cloud already delicate and fragile steps to negotiate an end to the United States ' longest war . The senior official , speaking anonymously as he was discussing sensitive diplomatic issues , said there were plans for a meeting between insurgents and Afghan officials in Saudi Arabia . Yet , he added , the plans were at such an early stage that it was not clear who -- including American officials -- would attend or when any talks would be held . The U.S. has acknowledged that it has held discussions about opening a Taliban office in Doha , Qatar , as well as the possibility of transferring some Taliban prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay as part of American support for Afghan reconciliation efforts . "  The principle is that although there is now an agreement -- almost -- to set up an office in Doha , that does n't necessarily mean that all conversations will take place in Doha , " the official said . "  We will talk to the same or different individuals  from the insurgency  in a different location . Obviously , Saudi Arabia has been supportive of the recent agenda and has hosted talks in the past . It is likely that we are heading there in the future for meetings . " He said the dates and participants were still being worked out and insisted that any Saudi discussions would feed into the Qatar process . This is "  absolutely not in opposition to the Qatar process , " he added , calling the talks in that Gulf state "  a very substantive step forward . " Importantly , while the Afghan official was unable to say whether the Americans would attend any talks held in Saudi Arabia , he insisted , "  The U.S. is supportive of the idea . It is far too early to discuss any specifics about this . " The creation of a parallel process to the Qatar talks risks frustrating American efforts to bring the Taliban and Afghan officials together . The current "  talks about talks " in Doha are the product of months of U.S. efforts to reach out to the insurgency , which came to sudden fruition last month when the Taliban announced that they would support opening an office in their name in Qatar . Officials in President Hamid Karzai 's government privately voiced frustration at being excluded from the early stages of this process . They agreed to support it last week , but the announcement of a separate drive in Saudi Arabia will be interpreted by many as an Afghan reminder that they wish to exert overriding influence over any peace process . The official 's remarks that they might talk to different insurgents in Saudi Arabia could further create distance between this process and that in Qatar , although the official insisted that was not the intention . The official said the Qatar process could move forward once the Qataris sent a delegation to Kabul to discuss the next steps , adding that he hoped that would be soon . He said that as of now , there were no Afghan government officials in Qatar to support any discussions . "  To fully assume ownership of the Qatar process is important for us , " the official added . "  We will work in the weeks ahead " to do that . He said the Americans needed a clear statement from the insurgents , distancing themselves from terrorism , for their role in the Qatar process to move forward and for an office to be established . He said : "  We know and are aware the are Taliban representatives in Doha . There are channels in fact , and we are aware of the presence . What 's not yet established is the office . " An American observer with an intimate knowledge of the discussions said , "  What  Karzai  is basically saying is that he is not on board with the Qatar process . " The observer said he did not think American officials had been made aware of the Saudi Arabian process before its announcement and expressed doubts as to how thought-out and organized any Saudi meeting was . "  This does n't seem really serious . It 's more a symptom of Karzai protesting the progress that 's been made in Qatar . We do n't know if this is real or if the Saudis are on board . It 's yet another statement that comes out of Kabul that throws a monkey wrench into the process . " He added that Karzai had blown "  hot and cold " over reconciling with the Taliban . "  It is frustrating because often the assumption was that it would be difficult to get the Taliban to focus on talks , but actually it 's difficult to get Karzai to . "	Most details , such as who and when , remain up in the air U.S. has held discussions about opening a Taliban office in Qatar Move is "  not in opposition to the Qatar process , " Afghan official says U.S. official says move shows that Karzai is not on board with Qatar efforts
The discovery of a slain Palestinian teen in Jerusalem early Wednesday further inflamed tensions in a region already unsettled over the killings of three Israeli teens , not to mention decades of entrenched enmity between all sides . Mohammad Abu Khedair , 17 , was heading from his home to a mosque in the middle-class neighborhood of Shuafat for prayers around 4 a.m. when three men forced him into a car and drove off , his father , Hussain Abu Khedair , told CNN . His body was found about an hour later at a forest in Jerusalem . The killing quickly triggered condemnations from Palestinian and Israeli leaders , as well as from the United States . Abducted Palestinian teen was kind , beloved Those who spoke out passionately included an uncle of one of the three Israeli teens whose bodies were found earlier this week . He called the young Palestinian 's killing "  a forbidden action , and it has no forgiveness . " "  Any act of revenge of any kind whatsoever is completely inappropriate and wrong . Murder is murder , " said Yishai Frankel , uncle of Naftali Frankel , a 16-year-old dual Israeli-American citizen , to Israel 's Channel 2 . "  One should not differentiate between bloods , be it Arab or Jew . Israeli authorities are probing Wednesday 's death , with police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld tweeting this effort will try to determine if it is a "  criminal or nationalistic " act -- the latter term referring to a politically motivated act in retaliation for the Israeli teens ' killings . Mark Regev , a spokesman for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , told CNN late Wednesday that investigators "  at this stage can not say who did this killing . " This came hours after Netanyahu 's office promised a speedy investigation to find "  who is behind this despicable murder and the background to this act , " according to a statement from his office . "  Netanyahu calls on all sides not to take the law into their own hands . Israel is a country of law and everyone is ordered to act according to the law . " The killing riled many Palestinians , particularly in Jerusalem . But it did n't happen in isolation . Israelis and Palestinians continue to trade blows -- over longstanding issues unrelated to Abu Khedair 's death -- through rocket attacks and airstrikes . All this violence , from various angles , leads to one big question : When will it stop ? Report : Body was ` charred and bore signs of violence ' "  Settlers " kidnapped the teenager and his body "  was charred and bore signs of violence , " according to the Palestinian state news agency WAFA . DNA , through saliva samples , was used to positively identify the boy , his father said . Rosenfeld told the Jerusalem Post the teen had significant burn marks . The same Israeli publication also reported police are looking into previous kidnap attempts on members of the teenager 's family related to a personal dispute . Yet Hussain Abu Khedair , the boy 's father , blamed Israelis and vehemently denied reports that this may have been tied to any sort of family dispute . "  Netanyahu is responsible for the crime , " the father told CNN , "  because he is the one who is giving the settlers the cover and supporting them . " The teen 's cousin , Majdi Abu Khedair , said whoever carried out the abduction was driving a car that had been used in an attempted abduction two days ago . A similar claim was made to Haaretz by Knesset member Ahmed Tibi . The cousin passionately suggested : "  The Israeli police and Israeli government should do the same as they have done in Hebron : Demolish and blow the settler houses who have done this crime . " The Israeli military destroyed the homes of the two suspects in the killings of the three Israeli teens . When confronted with this suggestion , Regev insisted "  we are totally color blind when it comes to this sort of criminal act . " "  There 's no difference between a Jewish resident of Jerusalem or an Arab resident of Jerusalem , " the spokesman said . " ... Police will get to the bottom of this . " "  It is sickening to think of an innocent 17-year-old boy snatched off the streets and his life stolen from him and his family , " said Secretary of State of John Kerry , who talked with Netanyahu by phone about the situation . "  There are no words to convey adequately our condolences to the Palestinian people . " He noted that both Israeli and Palestinian officials have condemned it , and he added to Netanyahu 's call . "  Those who undertake acts of vengeance only destabilize an already explosive and emotional situation . " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , who heads the Fatah party and is based in the West Bank , called Mohammad Abu Khedair 's father and promised that those behind his abduction and death will be brought to justice , WAFA , the Palestinian state news agency , reported . And Hamas -- the militant Islamic organization that controls Gaza -- said in a statement that it holds the "  Israeli occupation  fully  responsible , " adding that the incident "  exposes  Israel 's  ugly ... racism " and "  refutes the Israeli narration of being the victim all the time . " Anger , clashes in Palestinian neighborhoods of Jerusalem As news of the boy 's death spread , public anger in Palestinian neighborhoods of Jerusalem rose to levels rarely , if ever , seen since the Second Intifada , or uprising , last decade . That led to several clashes around the city , the biggest of which was centered in Shuafat . Residents there threw stones at security forces and the Israeli authorities responded with occasional volleys of stun grenades or tear gas . Some protesters attacked two Palestinians whom they mistook for undercover Israeli police , The Jerusalem Post reported . The clashes expanded and continued through midnight in the Palestinian neighborhood , with a large amount of Israeli forces on hand . In Suwwaneh , Palestinians threw rocks at a nearby settlement and several of them were injured by rubber bullets , witnesses said . And some tossed Molotov cocktails at an Israel settlement in Silwan , outside Jerusalem 's Old City . The Palestinian Red Crescent Society reported that more than 100 were injured , most of them in Shuafat , in the clashes . There were concerns that the Palestinian teenager 's funeral could spark further unrest . But his father said Thursday he was still waiting to hear from Israeli authorities when the body would be handed over to the family . "  The autopsy should be done around 1 p.m. , and then I am supposed to wait for a call , " Hussain Abu Khedair said on Palestinian television . "  We will not bury my son at night , " he said . "  We will do it during the day . If they purposely delay , we will do it during the day even  if that means  tomorrow . " Israeli airstrikes into Gaza Meanwhile , the dangerous back-and-forth between Gaza and Israel was erupting yet again . Rockets from the Palestinian territory into Israel was met by at least eight airstrikes within about an hour early Thursday . Three hit a Hamas intelligence building in Gaza city , while at least one struck the Qassam training camp in Beit Hanoun . Palestinian medical sources reported at least 10 injured , one of them seriously . Israel Defense Forces said the airstrikes -- going after 15 Hamas targets -- were in response to the firing of more than 20 rockets into Israel since Wednesday . This is in addition to other actions -- including the arrests of hundreds of Hamas activists , the demolition of homes and the closure of dozens of institutions in Gaza , according to Netanyahu -- targeting Hamas and focused in Gaza . This action follows the abduction of Israeli teens Eyal Yifrach , Gilad Shaar and Naftali Frankel as they were on their way home from school June 13 ; the three were found dead on Monday in a West Bank field . Hamas praised the kidnappings but denied that it was responsible for what happened . It warned that if Netanyahu "  brings a war on Gaza , the gates of hell will open to him . " At the teens ' funerals , Netanyahu said the country would avenge their deaths at "  the hands of evil men . " "  A broad moral gulf separates us from our enemies , " he said . "  They sanctify death ; we sanctify life . They sanctify cruelty and we mercy and compassion . That is the secret of our strength . " Opinion : Teens ' killing hurts Israelis , bad for Palestinians Opinion : Slain teens call for justice , not escalation	The boy 's father says he 's waiting to hear when authorities will hand over the body Israeli military says its airstrikes were focused on 15 Hamas targets in Gaza This comes amid Palestinian anger over the kidnapping , killing of a teen Israel vows to get those responsible ; late teen 's father blames Netanyahu
Three Al Jazeera journalists detained for a month are among 20 people referred to Egypt 's criminal court to face trial , Egyptian state media reported Wednesday . Four of the 20 defendants are foreigners : Australian Al Jazeera correspondent Peter Greste , two unidentified Englishmen and one unnamed Dutchman , state media said . The foreign nationals face charges "  of collaborating with the Egyptians  defendants  and providing them with information , equipment and money , as well as broadcasting false information and rumors to convince the international community that Egypt was undergoing a civil war . " The remaining 16 defendants are Egyptians , who face charges "  including belonging to a terrorist organization , harming national unity and social peace , and using terrorism as a means to their goals . " Egyptian authorities arrested Greste , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed of Al Jazeera English on December 29 . They have been held since . Egyptian authorities say the journalists held illegal meetings with the Muslim Brotherhood , which was declared a terrorist group in December . Mohamed Fadel Fahmy 's brother , Adel Fahmy , told CNN that his brother 's lawyer had confirmed he was among the defendants named in a statement by Egyptian prosecutors . "  It 's a big blow . We did n't think things would turn out this way , especially after all the evidence that came out against the accusations , " Adel Fahmy said . "  We thought things were getting better , but this is taking us back to square one -- even worse . " Brother : ` We 're praying and we 're hoping ' Adel Fahmy said the family was trying to stay strong . "  You have to always keep the hope . We 're praying and we 're hoping that this is just a tough period that will pass . " He said the family was particularly worried about Mohamed Fadel Fahmy because even Greste , as a foreign citizen in detention , was not getting any protection . He added , "  We have to stay positive . It 's completely crazy and the situation in the country is making things worse -- the bombings , the assassinations . The government is trying to save face , but they 're making things worse . They 're not thinking rationally . " Greste wrote in a letter released by Al Jazeera on Saturday that his detention was an attack on media freedoms . "  How do you accurately and fairly report on Egypt 's ongoing political struggle without talking to everyone involved ? " he wrote . The network did not say how it obtained the letter from Greste , who has previously worked for CNN , Reuters and the BBC . Fahmy worked for CNN and The New York Times before joining Al Jazeera . Mohamed is a Cairo-based producer for the Qatar-based network . Western leaders , human rights groups and journalists have repeatedly called on Egypt to release the men , saying their arrests were a violation of human rights and media freedoms .	Prosecutors say three detained Al Jazeera journalists are among 20 people to face trial Peter Greste , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed have been in jail for a month They are accused of holding illegal meetings with the banned Muslim Brotherhood 16 of the defendants are Egyptian ; charges they face include belonging to terror group
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The prosecutor sounded like the narrator of a hard-boiled police drama as he carefully laid out pieces of the puzzle that led detectives to arrest one of their own in a 23-year-old cold case . "  A bite , a bullet , a gun barrel and a broken heart , that 's the evidence that will prove to you that defendant Stephanie Lazarus murdered Sherri Rasmussen , " Deputy District Attorney Shannon Presby told jurors as an unusual criminal trial began this week in Los Angeles Superior Court . The trial promises to tell the story of a decorated female officer who rose through the ranks of the Los Angeles Police Department while allegedly hiding a dark secret : She was getting away with murder . Lazarus , now 51 and retired from the force , is accused of killing her college crush 's new bride in 1986 , staging the crime scene to make it look like a burglary . Yes , she was a police officer , but she did not kill in the line of duty , or to protect the public , Presby alleged . "  This killing was personal . " Rasmussen was a tall , athletic 29-year-old hospital nursing supervisor with a pretty smile . She met a brutal end , beaten , bitten and shot to death in her townhouse in the suburban San Fernando Valley on February 24 , 1986 . She 'd also been tied up and hit over the head with a vase . To police , it looked like a burglary gone bad . Stereo components were stacked by the door and Rasmussen 's new BMW , an engagement gift , was missing . The case intrigues because it blends soap opera suds with "  CSI " - style forensics -- including broken fingernails and a bite mark . It also promises to hold up a mirror to one of the nation 's most storied law enforcement agencies . "  Metaphorically speaking , this case is about the new LAPD investigating the old LAPD , " said Andrew Blankstein , who has covered the department for the Los Angeles Times since the 1990s . "  This trial really traces the evolution of the LAPD and its approach to investigations , coupled with the revolutionary advances in technology . " He added , "  There 's the old adage that the LAPD would never go after one of its own , but this case flies in the face of that . " According to prosecutor Presby , the crime was all about a guy . Witnesses who knew them in college at UCLA will testify that Lazarus was smitten with John Ruetten , but he just was n't that into her . To underscore his portrayal of Lazarus as a woman obsessed , Presby displayed an old photograph found during a 2009 police search of the journals she 'd stashed in a footlocker at home . Taken at their college dorm 30 years earlier , it shows Ruetten sleeping with his back to the camera . He was wearing only white cotton briefs . Ruetten did care for Lazarus , Presby continued , but in his view they were just good friends -- with occasional "  benefits . " Defense attorney Mark Overland told jurors there was much more to the relationship . The couple dated after college , went on trips and slept together "  many , many times . " Lazarus thought it was serious and also got to know and love Ruetten 's mother and brother . She thought they had a future , the lawyer said . When she learned Ruetten was marrying someone else , Lazarus decided to lay her cards on the table . She told him how she felt . They slept together one last time , and then he told her he was going ahead with his marriage to Rasmussen , Overland said . "  She was tearful , " he added . "  She was n't hysterical . " A key part of the case involves a confrontation between Lazarus and Rasmussen at the hospital where Rasmussen worked , but Overland insisted his client was no stalker . By some accounts , Lazarus allegedly told her rival : "  If I ca n't have him , nobody can . " While Overland acknowledged there was a meeting between the two women , he described it as more of a heads-up . The message from Lazarus , according to her attorney : "  Hey , if he 's dating you , you 'd better tell him to stop bothering me . He keeps calling me . Tell him to knock it off . " At the time of the slaying , Lazarus was in her second year with the Los Angeles Police Department . The killing occurred on a Monday . Lazarus had taken the day off ; Rasmussen had called in sick that morning . Authorities estimate she died before lunchtime . Ruetten found the body when he came home from work after 6 that night . Wearing a red robe , pink T-shirt and black panties , Rasmussen was sprawled on her back on the living room floor . By all accounts , the grim find left Ruetten dazed and despondent . Lazarus was a newbie patrol officer when Ruetten broke up with her for good . She was hurt by his rejection , sure , but she moved on and prospered , Overland said . She made detective and met her husband , a fellow Los Angeles police detective , in 1993 , and they have a daughter . She was headed for the department 's internal affairs and its prestigious art theft detail . According to prosecutors , the key to unlocking Lazarus ' dark secret lay for years on the back shelf of an evidence freezer in the coroner 's office . A sealed evidence envelope contained a vial . Inside that vial was a cotton swab . On that swab , prosecutors say , was DNA taken from saliva from the bite wound on Rasmussen 's left forearm . Testing in 2005 revealed the assailant was a woman . But still some detectives clung to the burglary theory and focused their inquiries on known female prowlers . From the beginning , the victim 's family had pointed to an ex-girlfriend of Ruetten 's who was a cop , and as the DNA testing advanced , undercover police followed Lazarus to a Costco store and retrieved a discarded soda from a trash can . Saliva traces from the straw matched the bite mark DNA , and she officially became a suspect . Lazarus was confronted , and another sample was taken from her shortly before her arrest . Tests revealed the DNA found in the bite mark on Rasmussen 's left forearm belonged to Lazarus . How sure were they ? Presby said the chances of the killer being anyone else is "  one in 1.7 sextillion . " That 's a 17 followed by 20 zeroes . Overland says the crime scene evidence from 1986 was mishandled and tainted years ago and ca n't be trusted . The envelope has been torn . Photos show the top of the vial poking through . And while the top of the envelope may have been sealed with red crime lab tape , the bottom was wide open . Overland quoted the crime lab 's supervisor , who observed : "  We 've got a problem . " Hairs , fibers and fingerprints found at the crime scene ca n't be tied to Lazarus at all and have n't been matched to anyone else , Overland told the jury . The jurors listened intently Monday but did n't take many notes . As prosecutors set the scene with their first witnesses , the images projected on a large screen were jarring : A beaming bride in white appeared one minute , followed by an image of a bloodied corpse in a red robe , arms and legs stiffened with rigor mortis . Both photos were of Rasmussen , and they were taken less than four months apart . Her father , Nels Rasmussen , occasionally choked back sobs , and one of the victim 's sisters teared up at the sight of the bloodied face with one eye blackened and swollen shut . Sherri Rasmussen "  wore the white dress that the defendant felt was hers , " Presby said . "  Four months after that marriage , Sherri Rasmussen was dead , her beauty disfigured , obliterated , blotted from existence . " Lazarus , dressed in black for court , appeared pale and waxy as she jotted notes and whispered with her attorneys . During breaks , she waved at her husband , mother and brother , who were seated behind her . Presby reminded jurors what life was like in 1986 . Ronald Reagan was president . Bill Cosby had the top-rated television show . People played Pong and Asteroids and hardly anybody had a home computer . And few , except for scientists , had heard of DNA . The genetic testing that is now the "  gold standard of evidence , " was yet to come , Presby reminded the jury . "  A tiny Stephanie Lazarus was hiding in the bite on Sherri Rasmussen 's arm , " he said . The O.J. Simpson trial in 1994 and 1995 helped cement DNA as a household word . Ten years later , the Los Angeles Police Department launched its cold case squad , reopening hundreds of files to see , as Presby said , "  if there were more killers hiding on evidence shelves in coroners ' freezers . " It will be up to eight women and four men to decide if Lazarus is one of them .	Trial of former Los Angeles police detective Stephanie Lazarus is under way She is accused of killing her romantic rival ; murder case went cold for 23 years The case blends soap opera suds with "  CSI " - style forensics It also promises to hold up a mirror to a storied law enforcement agency
CNN  -- Six Chinese Communist Party investigators have been sentenced to between four and 14 years in jail after they drowned a local official during a botched interrogation that has shone light on China 's secretive extrajudicial processes . Cheng Wenjie , the deputy director of the Commission for Discipline Inspection in the eastern city of Wenzhou , received the longest sentence of the six for his role in the death of Yu Qiyi , according to a copy of the court verdict given to CNN by the victim 's wife . All the defendants pleaded guilty . Yu , 41 , the chief engineer at a state-owned company in the same city , died at a local hospital on April 9 , a month after being detained over his role in a land deal . After early interrogations failed to yield any admission of guilt , Cheng summoned other investigators April 8 and ordered Yu to strip naked and sit in a bathtub filled with icy water . At Cheng 's behest , three other investigators -- Li Xiang , Nan Yu and Gu Chenfu -- grabbed his neck , arms and legs and held him under the water . The two other defendants -- Wu Zhiwei and Zhang Fangchao -- entered the room later the same evening , the verdict said . When Cheng left he told his subordinates : "  I 'm leaving now ; you all have fun with it . " Yu was sent to hospital an hour later and died at 3am the next day , the verdict , which has not been officially released , said . The court said that the six interrogators attempted to drown Yu in order to force him to admit that he had violated the law . Yu 's wife , Wu Qian , told CNN the sentences handed down were not long enough , adding that many important facts about the case had not been aired in court . She said she wanted to plan for her late husband 's funeral but the Commission for Discipline Inspection had not returned his remains . Wu Pengbin , a lawyer acting on behalf of the deceased man , said that he had heard the six defendants had appealed their sentences as they believed they were too harsh . Yu was placed under investigation as part of a secretive process known as shanggui or dual designation that allows for Communist Party members to be detained and interrogated by Party investigators . It is based on the Party 's own regulations rather than laws and procedures , making it even less transparent than China 's judicial system . Legal experts view the prosecution of Yu 's interrogators as a step forward but say that the key to preventing similar abuses is to address the root cause of his death - the rarely publicized shanggui system . "  The six investigators arrested were mere scapegoats , " Pu Zhiqiang , one of the lawyers representing the Yu family , told CNN in September . "  Shuanggui is an illegal process -- abuse and torture during interrogation have become standard operating procedure . " With reporting by CNN 's Beijing bureau	Six Chinese Communist Party investigators have been jailed after they drowned a local official . Yu Qiyi died a month after being detained over his role in a land deal . They repeatedly held him under icy water in a bathtub , verdict said Their botched interrogation has shone light on China 's secretive extrajudicial processes
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II is "  delighted " that she will become a great-grandmother for the first time , Buckingham Palace said Friday . Peter Phillips , the 11th in line to the throne , is expecting a baby with his Canadian-born wife , Autumn , later this year , the palace said . "  Peter and Autumn Phillips are delighted to confirm they are expecting a baby in December , " the palace said in a statement . "  The queen and the duke of Edinburgh , as well as Autumn 's family , have been informed and are delighted with the news . " Peter Phillips , 32 , is the son of the Princess Anne , the second child and only daughter of the queen . He brought the queen another first in May 2008 when he married Autumn Kelly at Windsor Castle , becoming the first of the queen 's grandchildren to wed. . Peter and his younger sister Zara Phillips have no royal titles and perform no royal duties . They are the cousins of Princes William and Harry , the second and third in line to the throne , respectively .	Queen Elizabeth to become a great-grandmother for first time Grandson Peter Phillips and his wife , Autumn , are expecting in December Phillips is the son of Princess Anne and 11th in line to the throne
CNN  -- The Washington Monument will remain closed for repairs for at least another year and possibly into 2014 , National Park Service officials said Monday . The 555-foot-tall monument has been closed since an earthquake struck the mid-Atlantic region near Richmond , Virginia , in August 2011 . Repairs are expected to begin this fall . The service said that huge scaffolding will be needed for the outside repair work , which will take 12 to 18 months to complete . Some of the repair work will include sealing cracks , removing loose pieces of stone and repairing joints . "  The challenge is most of those cracks are at the very top portion of the monument and the ability to get workers up there to successfully repair it requires a major scaffolding effort , " said Bob Vogel , superintendent of the National Mall and Memorial Parks . "  The monument is in good shape . It 's going to be here for years to come , but in order to safely allow visitors to get up to the top , we need to make those repairs . " Where to find exceptional America At least nine of the marble panels on the exterior near the top are cracked , according to a post-earthquake assessment . Others are chipped but not in danger of falling , the report said . About 700,000 visitors go to the top of the monument in a typical year , Vogel said . "  It 's very disappointing , " he said . "  I hear from people everyday asking how they can get into it . " Isaac Boria came from Port St. Lucie , Florida , with his wife and two children . Seeing the view from the top of the monument was high on their to-do list . "  That 's Mother Nature , " he said . "  Mother Nature did its thing , and I 'd rather be safe than sorry . " Indoor repairs are also required . Some interior tie beams as well as some cracked panels will be fixed . A pedestrian walkway will be redirected to make room for a temporary road for construction vehicles . The 5.8-magnitude earthquake may have also caused the structure to sink a little . In September , the monument was declared structurally sound by engineers . David Rubenstein , co-founder of the investment firm The Carlyle Group , has donated $ 7.5 million toward the repair project . With Rubenstein 's donation and congressional funds that were approved in December , Deputy Interior Secretary David Hayes said in January there was enough money to begin the repairs . The Washington Monument was built between 1848 and 1884 and has been repaired three times previously , the most recent work done from 1997 to 2000 . CNN 's Eric Fiegel and Lindy Royce contributed to this report .	NEW : Top official says repair work complicated because damage is so high A 5.8-magnitude earthquake damaged the 555-foot-tall structure in August National Park Service confirms repairs will take 12 to 18 months Crews will begin work this fall
CNN  -- The creators of an app that helps people send anonymous emails are coming under fire for a PR stunt that did n't quite go as planned . Over the last couple days , Leak , a new service that allows people to send anonymous emails , sent a number of reporters questionable emails as part of a push to promote the app . An email sent via Leak to a Mashable reporter : "  Dear neighbors , would you mind stop  sic  walking naked at home ? We can see you every morning when having breakfast . From someone , anonymously . Sent from Leak . " SEE ALSO : The Beginner 's Guide to Whisper Emails sent to Mashable , as well as reporters from other publications , ranged from nonsensical to more than a little creepy . Leak cofounder Laurent Desserrey confirmed to Mashable the emails were sent to reporters as part of a PR push . "  We decided to send them to some journalists we liked thinking that it was funnier to live the Leak experience than receiving a regular press release , " Desserrey wrote in an email . He did , however , acknowledge the company may have been a bit "  clumsy " in its attempts . The app launched last week . Desserrey , who is based in Paris , says it was created in a single weekend with the help of his friend and cofounder Sebastien Thiriet . In a post on Medium Desserrey explains he was inspired by apps such as Secret which encourage anonymous sharing . "  I heard about Secret and started to use it , " he wrote . "  I loved it and enjoyed the excitement of sharing for the first time my secret garden with everyone . But there is no Secret community in Paris yet , so the experience was a bit frustrating . " While some apps that encourage anonymous sharing have gotten flack for their potential to enable bullying and other negative interactions , Desserrey says he wants Leak to be used for good . "  We wanted Leak to be a really positive and exciting tool , " he says . "  It 's sure that people can send negative leaks , but that is really not what the product is about . It 's about saying the truth you 're ashamed to say . And if it 's getting negative you can block emails from Leak . " No word on how those anonymous emails to journalists fit into that scheme .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Anonymous email app criticized for "  creepy " reporter messages Leak lets users send email without using their own address Company said stunt was meant to be funny but was "  clumsy "
New York  CNN  -- New York City 's comptroller Thursday announced the approval of a $ 40 million civil rights settlement to five black and Hispanic men wrongfully convicted in the horrific beating and rape of a white female jogger in Central Park in 1989 . "  In my judgment , this settlement is a prudent and equitable solution for all parties to the lawsuit and closes a very difficult chapter in our City 's history , " comptroller Scott Stringer said in a statement . The settlement has to be submitted for approval to Judge Deborah Batts of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan , where the men filed their civil rights lawsuit . Michael Warren , a lawyer for three of the men -- Kevin Richardson , Antron McCray and Raymond Santana Jr. -- said his clients were thrilled with the agreement , which will be formally announced at a news conference on the steps of City Hall on Friday . "  We 're not only elated but very relieved that this process has advanced to the point where these young men can finally begin to move on with their lives , " Warren told CNN . The settlement closes a dark episode in recent New York City history . The sensational case polarized the city along racial lines and became emblematic of rampant crime . Five minority teenagers , who became known as the Central Park Five , said they were coerced into making incriminating statements , and they were convicted in 1990 . The agreement between the city law department and the five men -- who served between seven and 13 years in prison -- averages about $ 1 million per year of incarceration , a source with knowledge of the settlement told CNN . One of the men , Kharey Wise , served 13 years in prison . Yusef Salaam , Richardson , McCray , and Santana Jr. each served about seven years . On April 19 , 1989 , a 28-year-old Wall Street investment banker jogging through Central Park was raped , viciously beaten and left for dead . She would have no memory of the attack . That same night , a group of black and Latino youths had been in the park , throwing rocks at cars and assaulting people in a practice the media and law enforcement at the time called "  wilding . " An investigation led to the arrest of five teens who were accused of rampaging through the park in a "  wolf pack " and preying on innocent victims . They were charged and convicted . "  If they had their way , " Salaam told CNN in 2012 , "  we would have been hanging from one of those lovely trees here in Central Park . " The victim , Trisha Meili , kept her identity hidden for 14 years until the publication of her book , "  I Am the Central Park Jogger . " "  I guess there are lots of theories out there but I just do n't know and it 's almost too confusing for me to understand , " she told CNN in 2003 , referring to the false confessions given by the five men . "  I 've had to come to peace with it by saying : ` You know what ? I 'm just not going to know . ' " Three of the convicted young men had finished their prison terms , one was on parole and the fifth was in jail on an unrelated offense when Matias Reyes , a serial rapist and murderer in 2001 confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone . "  After being exonerated , it 's like somebody running free through the ... grass and throwing their hands up and yelling , ` Ah ! ' you know ... the feeling is overjoy and happiness , " Salaam told CNN . DNA analysis later determined that Reyes was the perpetrator of the rape , and that hair evidence used in the boys ' trials did not match . Robert M. Morgenthau , the Manhattan district attorney at the time , ordered a new investigation and , on his recommendation , a judge vacated the convictions . A civil rights lawsuit filed by the five men accused police and prosecutors of false arrest , malicious prosecution and a racially motivated conspiracy . The administration of former mayor Michael Bloomberg fought the case , but his successor , Bill de Blasio , pledged to settle the suit before taking office .	Five men were wrongfully convicted in infamous Central Park rape case The 1989 crime polarized New York City along racial lines , and sent five to prison In 2002 , a serial rapist and murderer confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone Multi-million-dollar settlement "  closes a very difficult chapter " in NYC history , comptroller says
BARCELONA  Reuters  -- "  Galactic Suite " , the first hotel planned in space , expects to open for business in 2012 and would allow guests to travel around the world in 80 minutes . An artist 's impression of the Galactic Suite , where guests would enjoy views of the Earth during their three-day stay Its Barcelona-based architects say the space hotel will be the most expensive in the galaxy , costing $ 4 million for a three-day stay . During that time guests would see the sun rise 15 times a day and use Velcro suits to crawl around their pod rooms by sticking themselves to the walls like Spiderman . Company director Xavier Claramunt says the three-bedroom boutique hotel 's joined-up pod structure , which makes it look like a model of molecules , was dictated by the fact that each pod room had to fit inside a rocket to be taken into space . "  It 's the bathrooms in zero gravity that are the biggest challenge , " says Claramunt . "  How to accommodate the more intimate activities of the guests is not easy . " But they may have solved the issue of how to take a shower in weightlessness -- the guests will enter a spa room in which bubbles of water will float around . When guests are not admiring the view from their portholes they will take part in scientific experiments on space travel . Galactic Suite began as a hobby for former aerospace engineer Claramunt , until a space enthusiast decided to make the science fiction fantasy a reality by fronting most of the $ 3 billion needed to build the hotel . An American company intent on colonizing Mars , which sees Galaxy Suite as a first step , has since come on board , and private investors from Japan , the United States and the United Arab Emirates are in talks . Plenty rich enough If Claramunt is secretive about the identity of his generous backer , he is more forthcoming about the custom he can expect . "  We have calculated that there are 40,000 people in the world who could afford to stay at the hotel . Whether they will want to spend money on going into space , we just do n't know . " Four million dollars might be a lot to spend on a holiday , but those in the nascent space tourism industry say hoteliers have been slow on the uptake because no one thought the cost of space travel would come down as quickly as it has . Galactic Suite said the price included not only three nights in space . Guests also get eight weeks of intensive training at a James Bond-style space camp on a tropical island . "  There is fear associated with going into space , " said Claramunt . "  That 's why the shuttle rocket will remain fixed to the space hotel for the duration of the guests ' stay , so they know they can get home again . " In an era of concern over climate change , Galaxy Suite has no plans so far to offset the pollution implications of sending a rocket to carry just six guests at a time into space . "  But , " says Claramunt , "  I 'm hopeful that the impact of seeing the earth from a distance will stimulate the guests ' urge to value and protect our planet . " ... . Would you stay in a space hotel ? Is space tourism exciting or irresponsible ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Three-bedroom , $ 3 billion "  Galactic Suite " set to open in 2012 Boutique hotel will cost $ 4 million for a three-day stay Guests would orbit the Earth in 80 minutes and see 15 sunrises a day
CNN  -- Two stories of America -- one about its sometimes perverse capacity for reinvention , the other about the most tragic period in the country 's history -- were among the leaders Thursday for the nominations for the 86th Academy Awards . "  American Hustle , " a story about con artists based loosely on the late 1970s Abscam scandal , tied for the lead with 10 nominations . The movie was nominated in several major categories , including picture , director  David O. Russell  , actor  Christian Bale  , actress  Amy Adams  , supporting actor  Bradley Cooper  , supporting actress  Jennifer Lawrence  and adapted screenplay . And "  12 Years a Slave , " based on Solomon Northup 's 19th-century narrative about being taken from freedom into slavery , earned nine nods , including picks for best picture , best director  Steve McQueen  , best actor  Chiwetel Ejiofor  , best supporting actor  Michael Fassbender  and best supporting actress  Lupita Nyong ` o  . "  This has been an amazing ride , and to receive nine nominations from the academy is testament to all of the hard work . And for that I am truly grateful , " McQueen said . The complete list of nominees "  Gravity , " about a space mission gone wrong , also received 10 nominations , including picks for best picture , best director  Alfonso Cuaron  and best actress  Sandra Bullock  . "  I am particularly moved by Sandy 's nomination , " said Cuaron in a statement . "  She is the heartbeat of our film . I thank her for her grace , her trust and her dedication to finding the truth of this character . " The academy nominated nine films for best picture overall . They are "  American Hustle , " "  Captain Phillips , " "  Dallas Buyers Club , " "  Gravity , " "  Her , " "  Nebraska , " "  Philomena , " "  12 Years a Slave " and "  The Wolf of Wall Street . " CNN Oscar ballot : Make your choices , share your picks "  The Wolf of Wall Street " had divided critics -- and , more to the point , industry audiences -- with its relentless depiction of hedonism among financial traders in 1990s New York . In one instance , according to a story that quickly gained currency in Hollywood , an academy member heckled director Martin Scorsese after a screening . But Oscar sided with the film , giving it five nominations , all in big categories : best picture , best director , best actor  Leonardo DiCaprio  , best supporting actor  Jonah Hill  and best adapted screenplay  Terence Winter  . 5 things we learned from Oscar nominations Love for ` Dallas Buyers Club ' There was also good news for "  Dallas Buyers Club , " the story of an HIV-positive man in the 1980s who rallies others to battle the AIDS crisis . The low-budget film , which cost $ 5 million , received six nominations , tying it with "  Nebraska " and "  Captain Phillips . " Matthew McConaughey , who won a Golden Globe for a performance that required him to lose 45 pounds , was among the best actor nominees . The film was also nominated for best supporting actor  Jared Leto , another Globe winner  and best original screenplay , along with best picture . The academy also smiled on director Alexander Payne , a two-time Oscar winner whose films include "  Sideways , " "  The Descendants " and "  About Schmidt . " His "  Nebraska , " the story of a curmudgeon and his son who make a trip to the Cornhusker State in the possible vain pursuit of a sweepstakes prize , included nominations for picture , director , original screenplay , supporting actress  June Squibb  and best actor . The last went to 77-year-old film veteran Bruce Dern , whose only other nomination was for 1978 's "  Coming Home . " Another sleeper , "  Philomena , " received nominations for picture , adapted screenplay and star Judi Dench as well as music  original score  . As expected , Cate Blanchett also was nominated for best actress as a modern-day Blanche DuBois in "  Blue Jasmine . " She already has won the Golden Globe  drama  , National Society of Film Critics Award and New York Film Critics Circle Award for her role in the Woody Allen film . The tireless Meryl Streep was recognized yet again by the academy , receiving a best actress nomination for "  August : Osage County . " It 's Streep 's 18th nomination . She has three wins , for "  Kramer vs. Kramer , " "  Sophie 's Choice " and "  The Iron Lady . " Hanks , Oprah missing But not everyone ended up touched by Oscar 's golden glow . Perhaps the biggest shocker was the lack of a nomination for Tom Hanks , who pretty much carries "  Captain Phillips " as the titular seaman . The film did receive nominations for best picture , best adapted screenplay and best supporting actor  for former limo driver and Somalia native Barkhad Abdi  , but neither Hanks nor director Paul Greengrass ended up with nods .  It also was nominated for film editing , sound editing and sound mixing . Hanks ' other major film , "  Saving Mr. Banks , " was almost entirely snubbed . Though Emma Thompson was nominated for a Golden Globe for her portrayal of "  Mary Poppins " author P.L. Travers , the academy overlooked her in the best actress race , and the film failed to earn a best picture nomination . Oprah Winfrey and the film she starred in , "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler , " also came up empty . And Robert Redford was expected to make a run at best actor for his almost wordless performance in "  All Is Lost , " about a lone sailor lost at sea when his boat is damaged . But the 77-year-old actor did n't get a nomination . Pixar , which once a sure thing in the animated feature category , was left off the nominations list again . The nominees for best animated feature are "  The Croods , " "  Despicable Me 2 , " "  Frozen , " "  The Wind Rises " and "  Ernest & Celestine . " DeGeneres promises fun again as Oscar host The Oscar race now shapes up as a battle between "  Hustle " and "  12 Years . " Both have their critics . For all the praise "  Hustle " has received -- including a Golden Globe for best musical or comedy film -- it 's been called slick and hammy . McQueen 's "  12 Years "  which received the Golden Globe for best drama  has fewer naysayers , but even those who liked the film noted it 's difficult to watch . Slate 's Dana Stevens described it as "  overpowering , " and admitted she was having a hard time finding critical distance from the film 's portrayal of brutality . Awards season : Does diversity matter more than wins ? "  Buyers Club " could sneak in . Like "  12 Years , " it has a high-minded subject the Oscars tend to like , and McConaughey and Leto have been widely touted for their performances . "  Gravity " may be a longer shot for best picture , but Cuaron 's amazing direction -- juggling state-of-the-art , computer-generated imagery with moving performances by Bullock and George Clooney -- has been greatly admired . Of course , as much as the Oscar is about designating the best of Hollywood , it 's also supposed to be an entertaining show . This year , Ellen DeGeneres returns as host , and given a short ad shown just before the nominations announcement -- which featured DeGeneres dancing through a back lot accompanied by a growing army of tuxedoed dancers -- it could be a lot of fun . The 86th Academy Awards will air March 2 from Hollywood 's Dolby Theatre . The show will be on ABC . Awards tracker : Which movies are winning top honors ?	"  Gravity , " "  American Hustle " top all films with 10 Oscar nods Divisive "  Wolf of Wall Street " has things go its way Oprah Winfrey , Robert Redford , Tom Hanks snubbed Oscars will take place March 2
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Michael Martin , the speaker of Britain 's House of Commons , said Tuesday he would resign in the face of widespread public anger over expense claims by lawmakers . Michael Martin , the House of Commons Speaker , has tendered his resignation . Martin , whose statement lasted barely a minute , said he would step down June 21 . He is the first speaker to be forced out of office since 1695 . Martin said he was stepping down in order to promote "  unity " in the House of Commons . Prime Minister Gordon Brown later Tuesday announced recommendations for comprehensive reforms to the expenses system to put an end to the "  abuses and misjudgments of the past . " Watch how the rules have led to abuse " He proposed a review of expense claims of the past few years by an independent panel , and the introduction of an outside agency to regulate expense reimbursements , which Parliament currently does itself . Parliament at "  Westminster can not operate like some gentlemen 's club , " he said . "  There has got to be transparency . There has got to be a proper audit . " Watch more of Brown 's speech " The reforms are currently only proposals . It is not clear if they will be implemented . Brown also paid tribute to Martin and added that he had chaired a meeting of party leaders Tuesday afternoon to discuss an overhaul of the expenses system . The speaker traditionally chairs debates and ensures protocol is followed . But part of the reason MPs are now focusing their anger on Martin is that his office also handles expense claims . Watch more on Martin 's resignation " Critics say he allowed claims to run amok and failed to recognize the depth of public disgust at the amounts being claimed -- into the tens of thousands of dollars for some lawmakers . Martin was savaged by MPs on Monday after he addressed parliament , with one lawmaker after another demanding to know when he would resign . Politicians across the political spectrum have been under fire after weeks of front-page headlines revealing their expense claims . What do you think about the expense scandal ? They included requests for reimbursements for mortgages that had been paid off , members of the same family claiming the same expenses and reimbursement for lavish home furnishings . The justice minister , Shahid Malik , resigned from the Cabinet over his claims , which he insisted were within the allowable limits . The governing Labour Party also cut ties with MP Elliot Morley , a former Cabinet minister , over his expense claims . Watch London cabbies speak out against lawmakers " The expenses scandal came to light in a series of recent front-page reports in The Daily Telegraph newspaper . The expense claims were to be made public in the summer , but the Telegraph obtained them early . Many lawmakers put in the spotlight by the newspaper insist they broke no rules . London 's Metropolitan Police announced shortly before Martin 's resignation that they would not investigate the leaking of the expense reports to the press . "  The leak of documents is not something that the  Metropolitan Police  would condone , " they said in a statement , but felt it was unlikely they would obtain the evidence they need to launch a successful prosecution . The police had not yet decided whether to investigate whether politicians broke the law in their expense claims , the statement added .	NEW : British PM announces recommendations for reforming system Martin is the first Speaker forced out of office since 1695 MPs had demanded he fall on his sword as part of changes to system
CNN  -- On the anniversary of the death of Joe Paterno , a few dozen people visited a mural depicting the image of the college football coaching legend whose legacy was tarnished by the Jerry Sandusky child molestation scandal . With the temperature in single digits , about 40 fans in State College , Pennsylvania , stopped by the mural that depicts Paterno and other prominent figures in Penn State University history , according to video shot by CNN affiliate WHP . Paterno died January 22 , 2012 , at age 85 in a State College hospital , according to his family . He had been suffering from lung cancer and a broken pelvis . He had been the all-time leader in major college football victories for a coach , with 409 wins . But a decision by the governing body of major college sports struck 111 victories from his record , beginning in 1998 -- a move that posthumously bumped him from the top of the list . Last July , the NCAA levied unprecedented sanctions against the university , including a fine of $ 60 million and stripped 14 seasons of wins by Paterno 's teams . Paterno , who coached at Penn State for 46 years , was fired after authorities arrested Sandusky , a Penn State defensive coordinator who retired in 1999 and founded a charity for young people . In 2002 , a graduate assistant brought to Paterno allegations of Sandusky 's sexual abuse in one of Penn State 's facilities . Paterno informed his supervisors of the report , but the school 's board of trustees fired Paterno in November 2011 , saying he could no longer perform his duties in the shadow of scandal . In an interview with the Washington Post published a week before he died , Paterno said that he felt inadequate to deal with the allegations . "  I did n't know exactly how to handle it and I was afraid to do something that might jeopardize what the university procedure was , " the Post quoted him as saying . "  So I backed away and turned it over to some other people , people I thought would have a little more expertise than I did . It did n't work out that way . " Sandusky was convicted in June 2012 on 45 counts of child sex abuse . He was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison . The mural has been altered in light of the scandal . The artist painted over an image of Sandusky and also removed a halo above Paterno 's head .	Dozens of fans stop by mural depicting famous Penn State figures The coach had many of his victories stripped from his record Paterno was fired after Jerry Sandusky was arrested on child sex abuse charges He died a few months later after suffering from lung cancer
London , England  CNN  -- In a third trial , three men have been convicted in a 2006 plot to blow up commercial airliners over the Atlantic Ocean , the head of Britain 's counterterrorism prosecution told CNN on Thursday . Ibrahim Savant , Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted of conspiracy to murder as suicide bombers . They and other conspirators planned to detonate liquid explosives stowed aboard the planes in soft drink bottles , prosecutors said . The men "  were actively working alongside other men on a plot to cause death and injury on a massive scale , " said Sue Hemming , head of the Counter Terrorism Division at the Crown Prosecution Service , in a statement released to CNN . "  They were cleared in the previous trial of being aware of the ultimate targets of the plot , " Hemming 's statement said , "  but we say that they were committed to the principle and practice of violent jihad to the point of targeting innocent people in an attempt to further their cause . "  The verdicts demonstrate that the Crown Prosecution Service was right to pursue a third trial . " In the first trial in December 2008 , the jury was hung on a key charge . In the September 2009 retrial , Abdulla Ahmed Ali , Tanvir Hussain and Assad Sarwar were convicted , but the jury could not decide whether to convict Savant , Khan and Zaman of conspiracy to murder persons unknown . The foiled plot created global chaos as airports were closed and passengers stranded . New restrictions were instituted worldwide and a ban on liquids remains in effect in most airports around the world . Twelve people have now been prosecuted in connection with the liquid bomb plot .	British court convicted three of conspiracy to murder as suicide bombers The trial was the third for Ibrahim Savant , Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman Jurors in a September 2009 trial were unable to reach verdict on a key charge The foiled 2006 plot led to restrictions on liquids at airports throughout the world
CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton said she "  misspoke " last week when she gave a dramatic description of her arrival in Bosnia 12 years ago , recounting a landing under sniper fire . Clinton was responding to a question Monday from the Philadelphia Daily News ' editorial board about video footage of the event that contradicted her assertion that her group "  ran with our heads down " from the plane to avoid sniper fire at the Tuzla Air Base . Tommy Vietor , a spokesman for rival Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign , said the Bosnia claim was part of "  a growing list of instances in which Sen. Clinton has exaggerated her role in foreign and domestic policymaking . " Clinton told the paper 's editorial board it was a "  minor blip . " Watch how Clinton described her trip " "  I say a lot of things -- millions of words a day -- so if I misspoke , that was just a misstatement , " she said . In a radio interview that aired Tuesday , Clinton said she was n't worried about the incident hurting her credibility . "  I have been in the public eye for many , many years , and this is something that I think happens to anybody , " she told radio station KDKA in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . In a foreign policy speech last week at George Washington University , Clinton used the description of a dangerous arrival to bolster her argument that she has the foreign policy experience needed to be commander in chief . She said when she arrived in Bosnia on March 25 , 1996 , "  I remember landing under sniper fire . There was supposed to be some kind of a greeting ceremony at the airport , but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our base . " But news video footage of her arrival at Tuzla shows Clinton , then the first lady , calmly walking from the rear ramp of a U.S. Air Force plane with her daughter , Chelsea , then 16 , at her side . Both Clintons held their heads up and did not appear rushed . The video shows Clinton spending several minutes talking with the group , including an 8-year-old Bosnian girl who presented her with a poem , and later greeting U.S. troops . Clinton has mentioned the sniper fire at least twice earlier in the campaign , including in December in Dubuque , Iowa , before the caucuses in that state . Clinton 's campaign has made foreign policy experience a centerpiece of her effort to come back against Obama , whom she is trailing in delegates for the Democratic presidential nomination . Watch a report on the Bosnia story and other political news " During Monday 's editorial meeting -- in which Clinton was seeking the Daily News ' endorsement ahead of Pennsylvania 's April 22 primary -- she was asked about the apparent discrepancy . The newspaper reported her response : "  Now let me tell you what I can remember , OK -- because what I was told was that we had to land a certain way and move quickly because of the threat of sniper fire . So I misspoke -- I did n't say that in my book or other times but if I said something that made it seem as though there was actual fire -- that 's not what I was told , " she told the newspaper . "  I was told we had to land a certain way , we had to have our bulletproof stuff on because of the threat of sniper fire . I was also told that the greeting ceremony had been moved away from the tarmac but that there was this 8-year-old girl and , I ca n't , I ca n't rush by her , I 've got to at least greet her -- so I greeted her , I took her stuff and then I left . Now that 's my memory of it . " Meanwhile , as Clinton backpedaled from the description of her Bosnia trip , the senator from New York was keeping her focus on the economy with a town hall-style meeting Tuesday in Greensburg , Pennsylvania . Clinton also pushed back against recent speculation by pundits and Democratic insiders that her chances of securing the nomination are quickly diminishing . "  I know there are some in Washington , and some in the media , who want this race to be over , " she said to a loud chorus of boos . "  There are some who think we do n't need to hear the voices of people in Pennsylvania or Indiana or North Carolina or Montana or any of the other states that have n't had their chance to vote . Well , I disagree . " Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , focused on the economy and the housing situation Tuesday , participating in a roundtable discussion in Santa Ana , California . McCain blamed "  rampant " speculation and "  complacent " lenders for the mortgage crisis . Vowing not to "  play election-year politics , " he called for more transparency in lending and higher capital reserves for lenders . Obama had no public events scheduled Tuesday . The senator from Illinois was wrapping up a brief vacation to the U.S. Virgin Islands . He resumes campaigning Wednesday , with stops scheduled in North Carolina . He said he planned to spend a lot of time talking about the economy when he returns . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alan Duke , Steve Brusk and Mike Roselli contributed to this report .	Sen. Hillary Clinton has told of dangerous arrival in Bosnia in 1996 under sniper fire Video footage of arrival shows Clinton and daughter walking calmly from plane Clinton recounted story in effort to show her foreign policy experience Obama campaign says Clinton has "  exaggerated her role " in foreign policy
CNN  -- Collections of beautifully shot images of people 's passions -- food , fashions , architecture , etc. -- helped make Pinterest a hit . Now Houzz , the interior-design platform , is turning similar photos into extremely popular mobile apps that tap into the home improvement craze . At its core , Houzz is an addictive , never-ending gallery of luscious images of home interiors and exteriors . Its website and apps are popular resources for people who idly dream of redoing their homes or moving into new ones . Home improvement and design , both the real and daydream variety , is a hot industry right now . Just look at the glut of home improvement and house-flipping shows that fill up channels such as HGTV . The home improvement product market is expected to hit $ 287 billion in 2013 , according to the Home Improvement Research Institute . Houzz gently guides people through the process . You begin by looking at bathrooms , graduate to having a scrapbook of dream bathrooms , then read the Houzz tutorials on bathroom renovation and eventually hire someone through its directory or local experts on bathroom renovation . "  Many times people start on the inspiration side but end up taking actions because of that , " said Houzz founder Adi Tatarko . "  People became very obsessed with it . " Tatarko and her husband , Alon Cohen , were working full time and raising their two children in the Bay Area when they started a home renovation project four years ago . They had difficulty finding professionals and found that contractors too had their own frustrations with customers expecting too much . "  There was lots of miscommunication in the process , " Tatarko said . The couple started Houzz in 2009 as a side project , but the next year it went from a hobby to a full-fledged business . The Palo Alto , California-based company now has 120 employees , and its iOS app has more than 100,000 five-star reviews in the Apple App Store . Every month , 15 million people search Houzz by room , style or metro area -- more than half through a smartphone or tablet . The company has a library of more than 2 million images . The sheer volume of photos housed in Houzz means you can spend hours drilling down into your particular project , say , ideas for Mediterranean-style storage closets in Austin , Texas . Browsing high-resolution photos is the initial draw . You can save favorites into Ideabooks for later -- for example , a selection of outdoor wall gardens or midcentury modern living room chairs in a particular shade of yellow . But for Houzz , the money comes when people take action . Interior designers , contractors and architects upload many of the images . There are more than 250,000 such professionals active on Houzz . What makes the app more than just pretty pictures is the information that goes with each image . You can click to see the companies and people who worked on a project , ask questions about how they did certain things or where to find furniture or other products . The people who post images are good about providing answers . There also is a directory of professionals with reviews , sort of an Angie 's List but with splashier visuals . Going local is a key part of Houzz 's business . If you see a dreamy spread in a magazine such as Dwell , the information disclosing who worked on a house is only useful if you live in that area . Houzz shows examples of work from people close enough to hire , divided into 425 metro areas . A Houzz survey  PDF  of 100,000 people found that 84 % of respondents were planning to decorate or redecorate , 40 % were considering remodeling or building an addition , and 10 % were planning on building a custom home . Online tools are an increasingly important resource for the people diving into these projects and the professionals hoping to get their business . Also , 18 % of people said they were renovating to incorporate new technologies into their homes . While free to users , Houzz is making money from brand-name partnerships with big companies such as Kohler and Nest , and through a subscription marketing program for professionals . Investors said they are confident the company will be profitable -- it 's raised $ 48.6 million in funding so far . Tatarko said she hopes Houzz will help more people jump from fantasizing about home improvement to picking up a hammer themselves or a phone to reach someone who uses hammers professionally . "  Our homes are a very significant part of our lives , " she said . "  I think it  home improvement  was just so hard before , so people just stayed away from it . "	Houzz caters to people who like photos of beautiful homes and dream of improvement projects Houzz 's sites and apps attract 15 million users a month It draws people in with stunning photos and adds how-to guides and reviews of professionals
CNN  -- On Tuesday , there will be a vote in Ohio that may turn out to be the first major skirmish in the 2012 battle for the White House . At issue is a law known as Senate Bill 5 . The law , passed by the Ohio legislature at the end of March , restricts the ability of public employees to engage in collective bargaining . Even before the ink on Ohio Gov. John Kasich 's signature on Senate Bill 5 had time to dry , public employee unions in Ohio and their allies began the process of gathering the signatures necessary to invoke a provision in the Ohio Constitution that allows legislation to be placed before the state 's voters . Within a few months , Senate Bill 5 opponents had managed to collect nearly 1 million valid signatures , more than three times what they needed to place the law on the November ballot . The campaign to repeal Senate Bill 5 , led by a group called "  We Are Ohio , " quickly went national . For example , The National Education Association donated $ 2 million to We Are Ohio , while , the American Federation of State , County , and Municipal Employees  AFSCME  and the Communication Workers of American kicked in more than $ 1 million apiece . As Election Day draws near , those who support Senate Bill 5 have also attracted out - of-state assistance . Citizens United , the group whose legal challenge led to the watershed 2010 Supreme Court campaign finance decision , spent $ 100,000 on pro-Senate Bill 5 commercials . Why all this national interest in an Ohio issue ? Former House Speaker Tip O'Neill was famous for saying that "  All politics is local . " Well , in Ohio , all politics is also national . Ohio is the quintessential swing state . Although shrinking in population relative to the rest of the country  after the 2010 census , the Buckeye state lost two seats in Congress  , Ohio 's electoral vote total is seen by the Republicans and the Democrats as being both up-for-grabs , and crucial to putting together an electoral majority . It is no accident , therefore , that since becoming President , Obama has visited Ohio more than any other state . Still , President Obama 's laser-like focus on Ohio has yielded little in the way of political support for him or his party . During the 2010 midterm election , Democrats in Ohio were swept out of power . Republicans managed to capture the governor 's mansion and every other statewide office , 13 of the state 's 18 congressional seats  a gain of 5 seats  , and a majority in the Ohio House of Representatives  they already controlled the Ohio Senate  . Republicans in Ohio and nationwide saw in the results of the 2010 elections a mandate to trim back government at all levels . Taking on public employee unions was a logical step in this plan . Still , one ca n't ignore the fact that , in seeking to weaken public employee unions , the Republicans were also taking on the very groups who would be expected to bankroll Democrats in 2012 . But if Senate Bill 5 was fueled as much by politics as by ideology , the approach may have backfired . Polls have shown Senate Bill 5 to be enormously unpopular . Even the bill 's supporters are not optimistic that it will survive Tuesday 's vote . The fear now among Republicans is not only that Senate Bill 5 will be repealed , but that organized labor in Ohio will emerge from this victory newly energized and better positioned to achieve its goals . This will not bode well for the GOP in 2012 . There is a fascinating historical parallel to all of this . Back in 1958 , business owners in Ohio got together and placed a proposed constitutional amendment on the state 's ballot that would have made Ohio a right-to-work state . The proposal was soundly defeated , with 60 % of the voters rejecting the measure . The voters of Ohio , however , did not just vote against the amendment ; they also voted against the Republican Party that was seen to have backed the measure . In the election of 1958 , the incumbent Republican governor , a longtime Republican senator and nearly every statewide Republican office holder went down in defeat . Polls showing Senate Bill 5 losing by nearly the same margin as the 1958 right-to-work measure ought to be sending chills down the spines of Buckeye Republicans . Of course , Gov. Kasich and the other statewide office holders who were elected in 2010 are not on the ballot this Tuesday , and in fact will not have to face the voters again until 2014 . But there will be a Republican presidential candidate on the ballot next year . It will be interesting to see if history repeats itself . Since no one has been elected president in more than 50 years without winning Ohio , it may well be that vote to repeal Senate Bill 5 in Ohio helps determine who will be taking the presidential oath in January of 2013 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Sracic .	Ohioans will vote Tuesday on whether to repeal Senate Bill 5 Paul Sracic says the battle over the repeal could be first skirmish in 2012 election He says unions and Democrats mobilized to repeal law restricting collective bargaining Sracic : If the law is repealed , it may embolden and strengthen Obama 's allies
CNN  -- During his travels around the nation , meeting countless working men and women , Mike Rowe has certainly seen many different ways to make a living -- some more dangerous than others . Before becoming the host of CNN 's new series "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It , " Rowe hosted a Discovery Channel series called "  Dirty Jobs . " After an episode that took place on an oil rig , Rowe received a job-safety question from a fan . "  My husband works on the oil rigs as a well tester , " wrote "  suzemommy . " "  We watched you folks do so without any eye protection ! Are you crazy ? Drilling a hole with no protective eyewear ? Between him , a well tester , and me , a workers ' compensation lawyer , we 're cringing ! Somebody could LOSE AN EYE ! Seriously -- Safety First , fellas ! I would expect better from the Discovery Channel !! " Rowe responded , "  I sincerely appreciate your concern for me , and agree that stupidity plays an ongoing role in my professional and personal life . But believe me , I have no wish to be injured on the job . However , it is not the objective of Dirty Jobs to conform to any particular set of safety standards , other than those dictated by the people for whom I happen to be working at the time . I take my cues from them , and I assume whatever risk they assume , for the most part . In the end , we hope to capture an honest look at what life is like for the workers in a particular venue . We do not aspire to set an example , or be a poster child for OSHA or any particular industry . I realize that may sound controversial , but it 's the truth , and not nearly as inflammatory as what I 'm going to say next . Ready ? Of all the platitudes automatically embraced in the workplace -- and there are many -- there is none more pervasive , erroneous , overused , and dangerous , than "  Safety First ! " in my opinion . I have heard this slogan countless times . I have seen it emblazoned on banners , T-shirts and hats . I have sat through mandatory briefings and slideshows and presentations designed to "  protect me from the hazards at hand . " And I have listened as safety officers and foreman have run down list after list of OSHA requirements , all apparently construed to remind me that nothing is more important to the employer than my own well-being . What a load of unmitigated nonsense . In the jobs I have seen thus far , I can tell you with certainty , that safety , while always a major consideration , is never the priority . Never . Never , ever . Not even once . Is it important ? Of course . But is it more important than getting the job done ? No . Not even close . Making money is more important than safety -- always -- and it 's very dangerous in my opinion to ignore that . When we start to believe that someone else is more concerned about our own safety than we are , we become complacent , and then , we get careless . When a business tells you that they are more concerned with your safety than anything else , beware . They are not being honest . They are hedging their own bets , and following the advice of lawyers hired to protect them from lawsuits arising from accidents . You are correct to suggest that wearing safety glasses would have made the task at hand safer . But why stop there ? Wearing a helmet would have made it safer still . And wearing a steel mesh shark suit would have made it really , super safe . I know that sounds glib , and I know that many will wish to scold me for appearing cavalier . But really , I 'm not . In a car , I wear a safety belt . On a motorcycle , I wear a helmet . Not because it 's the law , but because it seems a reasonable precaution . And ultimately , the only one responsible for my own safety is me .  Besides , if the government were really concerned with my safety above all else , would n't they drop the legal speed limit to 30 miles an hour and make cars out of rubber ? Again , you 're right -- I probably should have been wearing safety glasses , not because safety is first , but because I like to hedge my bets . We can always be safer . We can always assume less risk . But if safety were really first , I would n't travel at all , or engage in any activity that required me to assume any risk . And I certainly would n't be hosting Dirty Jobs . "	Author : It 's dangerous to ignore this idea : Making money is more important than safety Mike Rowe , host of CNN 's "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It , " says safety is never really the priority Rowe : Businesses that say they 're most concerned with safety are not being honest
CNN  -- Top seed Francesca Schiavone suffered a shock first-round exit at the Malaysian Open on Monday , losing 2-6 7-6  7-1  6-4 to Australia 's Jelena Dokic . Former world No. 4 Dokic had not beaten an opponent ranked in the world 's top five since a victory over Belgium 's Kim Clijsters in 2003 . But the 27-year-old , currently ranked 91st , now has a 100 % record in three career meetings with French Open champion Schiavone . The Italian looked on course to end that run after comfortably claiming the opening set in Kuala Lumpur . But 2002 Wimbledon semifinalist Dokic fought back to win a second-set tie break , which saw Schiavone require medical assistance after a fall , and eventually seal the match after one hour and 59 minutes . "  Sometimes when you see your opponent get injured you have to be a lot more focused so you do n't drop your level , " Dokic told the WTA website . "  You ca n't think that she will not play well . She went for some risky shots early in the rally , so I had to be ready for that . But I think I served really well in the third set . "  I already had a good tournament this year in Paris , I beat top-20 and top-25 players there . I had tough draws in Dubai and Doha and again here , so this is a big win for me . " Dokic will now face the winner of the clash between Japan 's Kurumi Nara and Elena Bovina of Russia . Tuesday sees two more high-profile stars take to the court , as French second seed Marion Bartoli takes on Maria Elena Camerin . Also in action is three-time grand-slam finalist Dinara Safina , who faces Xinyun Han of China . Russia 's former No. 1 has lost in the first round of all three tournaments she has played this year , most recently at the Australian Open in January , and has dropped to 113th in the rankings . Elsewhere , Juan Martin del Potro claimed his first title since winning the 2009 U.S. Open when he defeated Janko Tipsarevic in the final of the Delray Beach International Championships in Florida on Sunday . Del Potro , now 89th in the world , dropped as low as 485 in the rankings after suffering a serious wrist injury in 2010 . His 6-4 6-4 win over the sixth-seeded Serbian capped a fine month , coming on the back of successive semifinal appearances in San Jose and Memphis .	Francesca Schiavone knocked out of the Malaysian Open by Jelena Dokic It is the first time Dokic has beaten a top-five ranked player since Kim Clijsters in 2003 Top seed Schiavone has now lost to Dokic in all three of their encounters Juan Martin del Potro beat Janko Tipsarevic to claim the Delray Beach Championships
CNN  -- Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano arrived in Afghanistan on Friday and planned to spend New Year 's Eve with U.S. troops in the region . She reviewed security operations at a key point along the Pakistani border , part of an ongoing U.S. effort to strengthen Afghanistan 's border police . "  Building and maintaining a strong border crossing system is critical to the stability and security of Afghanistan , " Napolitano said in a written statement . "  Over the past year , the Department of Homeland Security has worked closely with the Afghan government to help establish a border security and customs system to counter terrorism while facilitating legitimate travel and trade . " After her border visit , Napolitano had lunch with a group of U.S. and allied troops . Napolitano is scheduled to meet with a number of senior U.S. and Afghan officials during her visit , part of a week-long trip that also includes stops in Qatar , Israel and Belgium . Six U.S. border security and customs officers are traveling with Napolitano , an earlier statement said . Recent U.S.-led training efforts in Afghanistan have focused on stopping bulk cash smuggling and shipments of ammonium nitrate , according to a November statement released by the State Department .	NEW : Napolitano visits a key crossing point on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border The trip comes as U.S. officials are working to help strengthen Afghanistan 's border police Napolitano is scheduled to meet with senior U.S. and Afghan officials The visit is part of a week-long trip that also includes stops in Qatar , Israel and Belgium
Spies with surveillance agencies in the United States and United Kingdom may have spent time undercover as orcs and blood elves , infiltrating video games like "  World of Warcraft " in a hunt for terrorists "  hiding in plain sight " online . That 's the finding of the most recent round of documents released by National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden to British newspaper The Guardian . Agents from the CIA , FBI and Pentagon and England 's Government Communications Headquarters infiltrated WoW and virtual world "  Second Life , " as well as collecting information on the Xbox Live gaming network , according to the documents . A 2008 NSA memo called online gaming a "  target-rich communications network " where terrorists could communicate "  in plain sight . " None of the newly leaked documents , published this time in conjunction with ProPublica and the New York Times , mentioned specific terrorist activity foiled via the projects . But apparently so many agents were engaged in playing video games for national security that a "  deconfliction " group was created to make sure government agents were n't accidentally spying on each other . Unlike traditional console and desktop games in which players compete in a closed environment , massively multiplayer online games  MMOs  allow players from around the world to team up and play together , often in real time using in-game communication tools . "  World of Warcraft " is the most popular online role-playing game ever . It peaked at about 12 million subscribers in 2010 and still has more than 7 million , according to Blizzard . It 's unclear whether the agencies had surveillance capabilities within the massively multi-player games that normal players would not . A spokesman for Blizzard Entertainment , which owns "  World of Warcraft , " told The Guardian it is unaware of any surveillance having taken place . "  If it was , it would have been done without our knowledge or permission , " the spokesman said . On Friday , Microsoft announced it was strengthening encryption across many of its services in an effort to push back against "  government snooping . " And Monday , the company joined Google , Facebook , Yahoo , Apple , Twitter and LinkedIn issuing a public statement asking the world 's governments to rein in online surveillance . While acknowledging the scope and popularity of online gaming , some security experts were questioning Monday whether spying on digital playgrounds is either wise or effective . "  I think I 've heard it all now , " wrote British security analyst Graham Cluely . "  Obviously online games which include chat or IM facilities do provide a method for people to communicate ... but how practical is it to have a team of spies sniffing around ` World of Warcraft ' to see what they might find ? " he wrote . Opinion : Why we should watch out for the watchmen of government secrecy "  Why are n't they also snooping -- maybe they are ! -- on the chess app I have on my smartphone ? Perhaps every time I mess up my Dutch Stonewall defence it 's not really an indication that I 'm a lousy chess student , but instead a coded message for my opponent to launch an attack on SCADA systems in the Netherlands ? " Snowden , 30 , has admitted he was the source behind the leak of classified NSA documents , which revealed the existence of top-secret surveillance programs that collect records of domestic e-mails and telephone calls in the United States and monitor the cell phone and Internet activity of overseas residents . A former contractor with the agency , he is wanted in the United States on espionage charges . Microsoft fights back against NSA ` snooping '	Leaked documents show spy agencies pried into online video games "  World of Warcraft " and "  Second Life " were among those targeted Documents were leaked by former contractor Edward Snowden Tech companies have called for tighter surveillance restraints
CNN  -- Tunisia and co-hosts Gabon secured dramatic last-gasp victories to reach the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations Friday . Tunisia needed a final minute goal from Issam Jemaa to beat Niger 2-1 while Gabon came from behind to beat Morocco 3-2 with their winner in the eighth minute of added time . It left them tied on six points and assured of a place in the last eight , while Morocco and debutants Niger are going home and are pointless with a match to play in Group C . The first game in Libreville saw Niger put up a brave challenge and Tunisia coach Sami Trabelsi was relieved by his team 's victory . "  We knew Niger would be well organized and rigorous on the counter attack . The spirit of my team was there for all to see . Thank God we were able to win , thank God , " he told AFP . Tunisia were ahead after only three minutes when Youssef Msakni beat several defenders before shooting home . Blog : Expect more shocks at the Africa Cup of Nations But within five minutes Niger were level as William Tonji Ngounou scored their first ever goal in the Africa Cup of Nations finals . Niger had the better chances to win the match , but a point was cruelly snatched from them by Jemaa 's late strike . That was forerunner for the drama of the second match of the evening at the Stade l'Amitie stadium and an incredible finish which sent the home fans into wild celebrations . Gabon looked set for a 2-1 victory as second half goals from Daniel Cousin and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang had put them in control after Houssine Kharja 's first half opener for Morocco . But in the first minute of added time Morocco won a penalty and Kharja equalized with his second of the match . Then up cropped Bruno Mbanangoyes to curl home a free kick in the eighth minute of stoppage time of a remarkable encounter .	Tunisia and Gabon secure second wins in Africa Cup of Nations Group C Last minute goal from Issam Jemma gives Tunisia 2-1 win over Niger Co-hosts Gabon later beat Morocco 3-2 to join Tunisia in last eight Bruno Mbanangoyes grabs dramatic winner for Gabon in stoppage time
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- Every time the door bell rings at Aidan Licata 's home , the 6-year-old fears the gunman has returned . He worries the man in black fatigues and military-style vest who opened fire Friday on his Sandy Hook Elementary School classroom -- hitting his teacher and his fellow students -- has found him . "  He still has n't internalized the fact this gunman , this bad guy , is gone , " the boy 's mother , Diane Licata , said . "  He wants to know if there are more bad guys in the world , and I do n't know how to answer that for him . " For now , the Licatas have put a sign on the door asking people not to ring the bell . As this south New England town of 27,000 prepares to mourn the 20 children and six adults killed in the school shooting , parents of the youngest survivors are struggling to cope with the aftermath of a massacre that will require many of them to break the news to their child of the death of a teacher or a friend . "  The children eventually will learn about their friends and their teacher , and others that they know . We need to be able to explain to them as best we can , " Robert Licata , the boy 's father , said . Aidan does n't know that his teacher , Victoria Soto , is among the dead . He also does n't know some of his friends have been killed . Opinion : Slow down , listen to kids The morning inside the school , when the gunfire started , Aidan said it sounded like "  falling hammers . " His teacher , Ms. Soto , moved her first grade students to the other side of the room . Moments later , the gunman -- identified by authorities as 20-year-old Adam Lanza -- was in the doorway . Soto positioned herself in front of the students , and the gunman shot her , Aidan told his parents . Aidan and the children had always been told during school drills and by his parents to run if he saw somebody with a gun . So that 's what he did . "  They ran past the guy . He standing in the doorway , and they just ran right past him , " the boy 's father said . Aidan and the boys ran toward the front door , out of the building and then toward the main road where a woman stopped , picked them up and drove them to the police station . "  He loved his teacher . ... I think he 's trying to reassure himself that she 's going to be OK , " Aidan 's mother said . "  He keeps saying ' I really hope she is OK . He knows that that she 's been hurt . He knows the kids he saw getting shot . " Nick and Laura Phelps also are struggling with what to tell their two children , a first-grader and a third-grader . They , like many of the parents , were alerted to a possible problem at the school by the district 's robocall that instructed them to go to the fire station . There , they found their children . "  When I saw those teachers , I locked eyes with them separately . If I could go back , I would embrace them , " Nick Phelps said , "  because I had no idea what they had gone through . " Phelps and his wife planned to attend counseling services being offered in Newtown , and the couple also are seeking guidance from their church pastor . "  We 're definitely going to talk to counselors , " Nick Phelps said . By Saturday night , the couple was fairly certain that their children were aware at the least of some of the developments . "  I think they do know more than they let on , " Laura Phelps said . "  We are going to have to learn what to say before we say it . The Phelps did not want the names of the children out in the public . Even those charged with breaking the news to young family members struggled . At the St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church , Father George Weiss was with the parents of a little boy as they told him his sister had been killed . "  We just told a little boy about his sister , and he asked , ` Who am I going to play with now ? I have nobody to play with now . ' " "  Excuse me , " he said as tears rolled down his face , "  it was just so hard . " CNN 's Kate Bolduan reported from Newtown , and Chelsea J. Carter from Atlanta . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien contributed to this report .	Aidan Licata , 6 , saw the gunman shoot his teacher and fellow classmates He told his parents that initially the gunfire sounded like ` falling hammers ' Counseling services are being offered to the parents of shooting victims
CNN  -- Tiger Woods does n't have a great record in team events , especially in light of his stellar solo achievements , but the world No. 1 helped the United States win the Presidents Cup for the fifth successive time Sunday . Bouncing back from his first defeat of a week marred by bad weather at Muirfield Village , Woods clinched the decisive point against the visiting International team by defeating South African Richard Sterne . The Americans have now held the title since 2000 , with Fred Couples unbeaten as captain on the last three stagings -- though he will stand down ahead of the 2015 event in South Korea . "  A three-peat 's good enough for me , " said the 54-year-old after the 18 1/2 -15 1/2 triumph against a team featuring major champions such as Adam Scott , Ernie Els , Charl Schwartzel , Louis Oosthuizen and Angel Cabrera . Woods has won just 13 of 29 Ryder Cup matches for the U.S. but has earned the clinching point in the last three matches against the Internationals . The U.S. dominated the match , and went into the closing singles with a 14-8 lead after the final foursomes results were finally completed Sunday morning . Woods and playing partner Matt Kuchar suffered their first defeat , losing 1-down to South African Els and Zimbabwe 's Els Brendon de Jonge . However , the 14-time major winner overcame a niggling back problem to beat 41st-ranked debutant Sterne 1-up with a half at the 18th hole . "  It feels good . It was a team effort this whole week . We played well and had a nice lead going into the singles , " said Woods , who earned just one point in fourballs and foursomes at the last Presidents Cup . "  I was n't feeling my best coming down the stretch . I had a 1-up lead and I tried to keep hold of that . I knew I was n't feeling well and I really did n't want to play any more , so I really just wanted to get that half on the final hole and get it over with . " Woods has been a winner five times at the PGA Tour 's Memorial Tournament at Muirfield , though rarely has the Ohio course been this waterlogged . "  It was a tough day , tough conditions -- rain , wind all around . It was a long week , but it was worth it , " he said . "  A few of us are a little bit dinged up -- I 'm one of them -- and our physios did a great job of getting us out there . I 've never played three matches in a day before . "  I 'm a little bit sore and I 'm looking forward to not picking up a club for a while . " Meanwhile , Europe won the Seve Trophy for the first time in more than a decade Sunday , beating Great Britain and Ireland 15-13 in France . In a match missing many of the European team which shocked the U.S. on the last day of the Ryder Cup at Medinah , Italian Francesco Molinari sealed the result when he defeated England 's Chris Wood 3 and 2 in the decider . "  Everything went to the last match . The boys played really well today and I 'm really happy to have won the Seve Trophy this time , " said European captain Jose Maria Olazabal , who led the 2012 Ryder team . The competition is named after Olazabal 's great friend and Ryder Cup teammate , the late Severiano Ballesteros .	Tiger Woods scores decisive points as U.S. retains Presidents Cup title Americans beat International team by 18 1/2 -15 1/2 at rain-hit Muirfield in Ohio Woods beats Richard Sterne 1-up in Sunday 's singles , before which U.S. led 14-8 World No. 1 suffered his only defeat in delayed morning foursomes
Baghdad  CNN  -- A string of car bombings and shootings across Iraq left more than 50 people dead Monday , authorities said , in what is the latest spate of violence in a country plagued with Sunni-Shiite tension . Scores were wounded in cities that were regularly engulfed in violence during last decade 's Iraq war . The violence in recent weeks has conjured fears that all-out sectarian violence is rearing its head again in Iraq . "  Those who are targeting mosques and other locations are the enemies of Sunnis and Shiite , " Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said this weekend . "  They are plotting to ignite sectarian strife as they have tried before . " The ever-present tensions between Iraq 's Sunnis and Shiites have escalated , especially after an incident last month in Hawija , in northern Iraq , where Iraqi security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . Read more : Iraq at crossroads as bombs explode Sunnis , who represent a minority of Iraqis , have been politically marginalized since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein in 2003 . Shiites , who make up a majority of Iraqis , now dominate the government . Al-Maliki , who is Shiite , is concerned about the rise of Sunni tribes forming an army to defend themselves and is urging Sunni leaders to help tamp down tensions . Sectarian violence erupts anew "  We are in the planning stages to make changes within the  military  leaderships and adjusting plans to take different tactics for confrontation , " he said . Police have n't pinpointed those responsible for assaults , but most victims in the latest round of strikes were Shiites . Read more : April the deadliest month in Iraq in 5 years Most of the attacks Monday took place in the capital , Baghdad , where eight car bombs and a roadside bomb rocked predominately Shiite neighborhoods , police said . In all , at least 18 people were killed and more than 100 wounded the strikes , police and health officials said . Near Samarra , at least 14 people were killed and eight wounded when a car bomb exploded on a bus carrying Iranian Shiite pilgrims Monday , police said . That strike , on a highway near the northern Iraqi city , raised fears because of Samarra 's symbolism . Shiites regularly travel to the Askariya Mosque in Samarra . The bombing of the Shiite shrine in 2006 stoked the sectarian warfare . In the southeastern city of Basra , in the Shiite heartland , at least nine people were killed and 37 wounded when two car bombs exploded Monday in a pair of neighborhoods . Most of the casualties were civilians , police said . It was unclear who was responsible for the blasts . Baghdad , Anbar province racked by violence Gunmen ambushed two police checkpoints in Haditha on Monday , killing eight officers , Ramadi police said . Haditha is in the predominantly Sunni Anbar province , west of Baghdad . In Hilla , south of Baghdad in Babel province , at least nine people were killed and 53 others were wounded when a suicide bomber and a roadside bomb exploded outside Shiite mosques Monday evening . Over the weekend in Ramadi , the bodies of eight civilians who were kidnapped by gunmen Saturday were found , officials said . The civilians were abducted on a highway west of Ramadi , and their bodies were discovered late Sunday night along a different part of roadway , authorities said . All eight had been shot to death . Earlier , the bodies of six police officers who had also been abducted Saturday were found on a highway in western Ramadi . Read more : Iraq , on edge over violence , endures more bloodshed Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad ; Joe Sterling and Holly Yan reported from Atlanta .	The strikes occurred in Hilla , Baghdad , Basra , Haditha and near Samarra Most of the attacks took place in predominately Shiite areas Violence in Iraq often alternates between Sunni and Shiite areas Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki warns of plotters stoking sectarian strife
CNN  -- World number one Tiger Woods and his partner Steve Stricker will take on English duo Ian Poulter and Ross Fisher in the opening fourballs of the 38th Ryder Cup at Celtic Manor , Wales , on Friday . United States captain Corey Pavin named Woods and world number four Stricker as his third pairing for the first round of matches in the biennial contest against Europe . The duo won all five of their matches at the Presidents Cup last year . Europe captain Colin Montgomerie said Poulter would "  relish " his dual with Woods . The Englishman , ranked 16th in the world , is known for his colorful dress on the course and once claimed he would emerge as the main rival to the American 's status as the game 's top player . The first match on Friday morning will feature world number two Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson for the U.S. against a strong European pairing of third-ranked Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer , who won the US PGA Championship last month . Second up are 2009 British Open champion Stewart Cink and Matt Kuchar for the U.S. against Northern Irish duo Graeme McDowell and Rory McIlory . And after the Woods-Poulter match , U.S. rookies Bubba Watson and Jeff Overton will take on three-time major winner Padraig Harrington and England 's Luke Donald . The Europeans are aiming to regain the trophy which was surrendered to the U.S. in Valhalla , Kentucky , two years ago . The teams will play a set of four fourball and four foursome matches on Friday and Saturday before all 12 players compete over the singles format on Sunday . The winning team will be the first to reach 14 1/2 points . Woods was named as one of Pavin 's four captain 's picks after failing to qualify automatically for the team following his break from the game in the wake of revelations about his private life . The 14-time major winner has struggled to reproduce his best form in the sport 's most prestigious team event , winning just 10 , and losing 13 of his 25 matches . Mickelson 's record is even worse , with just 10 victories from 30 matches and 14 defeats . Westwood , who has not played since July following a calf injury , has the most impressive pedigree in the event of any player on either team , having racked up 14 wins in six appearances . "  I felt that the honor of hitting the first shot for Europe should go to Lee Westwood , " Montgomerie said at the televised opening ceremony . Perhaps the most surprising selection was Pavin 's decision to leave out Jim Furyk from the opening fourballs . The world number five won the $ 10m Tour Championship and FedEx Cup last week . "  You have to sit somebody out , " Pavin told reporters . "  That 's a decision a captain has to make . If you have any better suggestions I 'd love to hear them . "	Tiger Woods and Steve Stricker to take on Ian Poulter and Ross Fisher in fourballs at Ryder Cup Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson take on Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer in first match United States are defending trophy in October 1-3 event at Celtic Manor U.S. captain Corey Pavin leaves out Jim Furyk from opening fourballs
WIred  -- Have you been wondering if that new 4G smartphone you purchased is really getting 4G speeds ? Wonder no longer . RootMetrics performed an extensive study to determine how each network 's 4G speeds are holding up to their claims . The testing was performed across the Seattle area . Their findings showed that Verizon 's LTE network performed at a 100 percent data-success rate . Its average data speeds were between four and 14.5 times faster than competitors , and average upload speeds were between 4.7 and 49.3 times faster . The phone models tested included the HTC Thunderbolt  Verizon  , HTC Inspire  AT&T  , HTC Evo  Sprint  and Samsung Galaxy S  T-Mobile  . RootMetrics ' CEO Paul Griff said that the smartphone model and its hardware had very little to do with 4G performance -- that performance is almost all network related . Wired has previously broken down what each carrier means by 4G , and what speeds should be expected from each service . Verizon 's LTE network promises speeds of 5-12 Mbps down and 1-5 Mbps up ; AT&T 's HSPA + network should provide 6 Mbps down  and they plan to upgrade to LTE in 2011  ; Sprint 's WiMax technology promises an average of 3-6 Mbps down and 0.6-1 .4 Mbps up ; and T-Mobile 's HSPA + is supposed to provide 5-10 Mbps down . AT&T has reportedly been capping 4G speeds on Android handsets , but this has not been definitively verified . Over in Oakland , California , the folks at TechnoBuffalo decided to perform a 4G speed test of their own using the HTC Inspire and Thunderbolt . Using SpeedTest.net 's services and the phones ' Wi-Fi hotspot modes , they discovered median speeds of 8.85 Mbps down and 3.68 up on Verizon 's LTE network , and 2.16 Mbps down and .16 up on AT&T 's HSPA + service -- on par with RootMetrics ' results . RootMetrics was careful to point out that merely achieving high data speeds does n't mean much unless it happens on a regular basis , though . It found that Verizon 's 4G download speeds were greater than 10 Mbps about 90 percent of the time , and their upload speeds were between 5 and 10 Mbps 100 percent of the time . And Verizon 's average upload speeds were faster than every other carrier 's average download speeds by 37 percent . A graph of how often each 4G service achieved a certain range of download speeds  from 0-500 Kbps to greater than 10 Mbps  shows Verizon dominating the high end , AT&T spending most of its time in the lower half , and Sprint and T-Mobile 's services ranging widely throughout . How will AT&T and T-Mobile 's recently announced merger affect their 4G services ? That 's yet to be seen . "  Our results stand alone and provide interesting context around consumer data experience for both carrier 's networks in the Seattle area , " said a representative from RootMetrics . Until it is known how and if the two carriers will combine their networks , it 's difficult to say how the merger will affect their future 4G service . But it 's safe to say , unless it 's LTE , it wo n't hold a candle to Verizon 's network . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	RootMetrics performed a study to determine how each network 's 4G speeds are holding up Findings showed Verizon 's LTE network performed at a 100 percent data-success rate Verizon 's average upload speeds were faster than every other carrier 's average download speeds
CNN  -- Prosecutors in Hungary indicted a Nazi war crimes suspect Tuesday with involvement in the brutal treatment and deportation of thousands of Jews during World War II . Ladislaus Csizsik-Csatary was allegedly "  actively involved " in sending nearly 12,000 Jews to various concentration camps in the spring of 1944 , according to the Metropolitan Chief Prosecution Office in Budapest . According to prosecutors , Csizsik-Csatary served as a senior Hungarian police officer in the city of Kosice , which is now in Slovakia but was under Hungarian rule in the 1940s . Csizsik-Csatary topped the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's list of "  most wanted Nazi war criminals " as of April this year . The Wiesenthal Center , a worldwide Jewish rights organization , and a British tabloid , The Sun , highlighted the case against him last year after the suspect , who is reportedly in his late 90s , was found living in Hungary in 2011 . The prosecution 's indictment describes how most of the local Jewish people were forced into a ghetto and a deportation camp housed in a brick factory in April 1944 , a month after the town was occupied by German troops . Csizsik-Csatary was made commander of the "  collection and deportation camp " in the brick factory at the beginning of May 1944 , it says . During that month , he "  regularly beat the interned Jews with his bare hands and whipped them with a dog-whip without any special reasons and irrespective of the sex , age or health condition of the assaulted people , " the indictment alleges . From mid-May to the start of June , the almost 12,000 Jews held in the camp were transported in packed freight wagons to the concentration camps in German-occupied territories . The majority of the Jews deported from Kosice went to Auschwitz , it says . The defendant "  was actively involved in and assisted the deportations , " the indictment says . In early June , he also allegedly "  prohibited cutting windows on the wagons which could have helped the about 80 people being crammed under inhuman circumstances in the windowless wagons to get more fresh air . " The indictment concludes that Csizsik-Csatary "  intentionally assisted the unlawful executions and tortures committed against Jewish people who were deported . " According to the Wiesenthal Center , Csizsik-Csatary was previously convicted in absentia and sentenced to death for torturing Jews and his role in the mass deportation to Auschwitz . He escaped to Canada after World War II but was stripped of his Canadian citizenship in 1997 , and chose voluntarily to leave the country , the center claims . He was rediscovered in the fall of 2011 as part of the center 's Last Chance project , and was charged last July with the torture of Jews in the Kosice ghetto , it says . In March this year , a Slovak court commuted his death sentence to life imprisonment to enable Slovakia to seek Csizsik-Csatary 's extradition from Hungary to stand trial for his crimes in Kosice , it adds . JULY 2012 : Officials : Alleged Nazi war criminal found in Hungary Journalist Fanny Facsar and CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Prosecutors allege Ladislaus Csizsik-Csatary was "  actively involved in " deporting Jews Nearly 12,000 Jews were sent from Kosice to German concentration camps in 1944 Csizsik-Csatary was commander of the deportation camp , prosecutors say He tops the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's list of "  most wanted Nazi war criminals "
Vice President Joe Biden has apologized to President Barack Obama for putting him in a tough position that led to Obama 's announcement that he now supports same-sex marriage , senior administration officials said Thursday . Obama said in an interview that aired Thursday on ABC that he made his decision public earlier than he had planned after Biden 's weekend remark that he was "  absolutely comfortable " with letting gays and lesbians marry . Two senior administration officials said Biden and Obama met Wednesday morning , and Biden apologized for putting Obama in a tough spot . Obama responded by saying that he knew Biden was speaking from the heart , said the officials , who did n't want to be named discussing private conversations between the president and vice president . Biden 's remarks on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday launched a controversy that led to Obama announcing that his position on same-sex marriage , which he had previously called "  evolving , " had shifted to support . When Obama 's full interview aired Thursday , he said his disclosure came sooner than planned as a result of Biden 's comments . "  I had already made a decision that we were going to probably take this position before the election and before the convention , " Obama said on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Biden "  probably got out a little bit over his skis , but out of generosity of spirit , " he said . He added that he would have "  preferred to have done this in my own way , on my own terms , " but "  all 's well that ends well . " Separately , Biden spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff said Obama "  has been the leader on this issue from day one , and the vice president never intended to distract from that . " Once Biden 's comments drew attention to the issue , Obama made plans to announce his support next week on a previously scheduled appearance on the ABC talk show "  The View , " a senior administration official said Thursday . The president and his advisers knew Obama would be asked about the issue in the wake of Biden 's NBC interview , said the official , who did n't want to speak publicly about internal administration discussions . Ultimately , they decided to move up the timeline and have him announce his support during the ABC interview at the White House , the official said . And a top Democrat told CNN that Obama knew the issue would come up at the convention , partly because of a push for support for same-sex marriage to be included in the Democratic Party platform , and in debates . Multiple top Democrats told CNN the president 's senior aides are annoyed with Biden for forcing the conversation on same-sex marriage now . One source said Biden has , in the past , counseled the president against coming out for same-sex marriage , making this move that much more frustrating . But the sources said they do n't believe it will create a lasting rift between the two leaders . Biden is known to go off-script , something Obama knew when he selected his vice president . In explaining to ABC how his position has evolved , Obama noted that his daughters Malia and Sasha have "  friends whose parents are same-sex couples . It would n't dawn on them that somehow their friends ' parents would be treated differently . And frankly that 's the kind of thing that prompts a change of perspective , not wanting to somehow explain to your child why somebody should be treated differently when it comes to the eyes of the law . " Asked about whether his new position is a calculated move in an election year , Obama said it would "  be hard to argue that somehow this is something that I 'd be doing for political advantage . Because frankly , you know , the politics -- it 's not clear how they cut . " The interview aired the same day Obama attended a fundraiser in Los Angeles , where support for same-sex marriage is strong . Movie star George Clooney hosted the event , which is raking in $ 15 million , according to a top Democratic source . And on Monday , openly gay singer Ricky Martin is hosting a fundraising event for Obama in New York . But some in the African-American community have expressed strong disapproval of Obama 's endorsement of same-sex marriage . A Democratic official said the White House has been actively reaching out to African-American community leaders and pastors and will continue to do so in the wake of the president 's decision , but the official noted that even the president 's base wo n't always agree with him on everything . "  There are going to be issues you do n't agree on , " the official said . And Obama told ABC he wo n't spend much time talking about the issue , because he 's focused on the economy . The announcement puts Obama squarely at odds with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , who has since reiterated his opposition to same-sex marriage . "  And I do not favor civil unions if they are identical to marriage other than by name , " Romney said during a Wednesday visit to Fort Lupton , Colorado . "  My view is the domestic partnership benefits , hospital visitation rights and the like are appropriate , but that the others are not . " The issue is a divisive one in American politics , but it 's uncertain how the development might play out at the voting booth . A Gallup Poll released Tuesday indicated 50 % of Americans believe same-sex marriages should be recognized by law as valid , with 48 % saying such marriages should not be legal -- a dramatic shift from a few years ago . A Gallup poll in 2009 found 40 % supported same-sex marriage and 57 % were opposed . But a CNN/ORC International poll , taken in late March , indicated policies toward gays and lesbians were tied for last in people 's opinions of the most-important issues facing the country . Obama said he supports states deciding the issue on their own , but added that he was "  disappointed " by Tuesday 's vote on the issue in North Carolina , where a ban on same-sex marriage was added to the constitution . Obama called the amendment discriminatory against gays and lesbians , a spokesman said earlier Wednesday . Six states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York -- and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , while 31 states have voted in favor of constitutional amendments that seek to defend traditional definitions of marriage as a heterosexual union . In February , Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage beginning in June , but opponents there have pledged to block the bill and called for voters to decide the issue . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley signed into law a bill that permits the state 's same-sex couples to wed as of January 1 , and state residents may vote to affirm such a law . Minnesota will vote on a state constitutional amendment similar to the one in North Carolina , while Maine will have a referendum on allowing same-sex marriage . Meanwhile , two cases seeking to overturn laws forbidding the practice , one from California and another from Massachusetts , could be headed to the U.S. Supreme Court in coming months .	Senior officials say Biden apologized to Obama on Wednesday Obama responded that Biden was speaking from the heart , they say Biden 's weekend remarks spurred Obama to announce his support for same-sex marriage
CNN  A previous five-year collaboration led to total domination of Formula One and McLaren chief executive officer Ron Dennis is confident its new partnership with Honda can bring back that winning feeling to the team . Since 1995 , McLaren has been using Mercedes-Benz engines , but after two difficult seasons in F1 their new deal with the Japanese car manufacturer renews one of the most successful partnerships in motorsport 's elite class . "  The first few races I predict will be problematic , as we wrestle with what we hope are performance advantages , and inevitably performance advantages sometimes carry unreliability with them , " Dennis told CNN 's Amanda Davies in an exclusive interview . "  Once we 've got that in control , I think our competitiveness will be quickly established , and I feel when coupled to two world champions , and the talents of Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button , I think that the outcome I hope will be inevitable : that we 'll return to our winning ways , " he added . During those halcyon days of domination , McLaren and Honda won 44 out of the 80 grand prix they raced as Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost secured a clean sweep of world titles between 1988 and 1991 . It was the type of stranglehold Mercedes had over F1 last season when world champion Lewis Hamilton and teammate Nico Rosberg at times appeared to be only racing against one another . Last year , Mercedes won all but three of the calendar 's races , finishing with at least one car on the podium at every single race . While admitting to a "  degree of guesstimate , " Dennis believes McLaren , which signed a multi-year global partnership with CNN at the start of 2015 , are not too far behind Mercedes , the team predicted to once again dominate the new season that gets underway with the Australian Grand Prix on March 15 . "  It 's unlikely that anybody has surpassed the efforts of Mercedes-Benz . And in sheer horsepower terms we do n't really fear the Mercedes-Benz engine , " added the McLaren boss . For motorsport fans the 1988 McLaren-Honda MP/4 car is one of F1 's most historic pieces of machinery after it won all but one of the 16 races that season . Speaking to CNN ahead of the launch of the team 's new car Thursday , Dennis conceded it was unlikely that the new incarnation of the partnership would be able to replicate that level of success , preferring to emphasize that Alonso and Button were key to McLaren 's hopes of success . "  The tendency of the regulations at the moment is to put more control back to the driver , " said the McLaren CEO as he compared F1 's pilots to "  automotive musicians . " Dennis added : "  He has to be able to play with these devices and optimize the performance of the car , sometimes even during the lap . "  So driver competence is going to play a very significant role in the future of grand prix racing until there 's another regulation change . " But managing two world champions is never easy -- as McLaren and Dennis discovered when Alonso left after just one season  2007  with the team due to tensions between the Spaniard and then rookie teammate Hamilton . Before Alonso returned to McLaren for a second spell , Dennis conceded that "  a great amount of time " was spent talking between the two of them about what had gone on before . "  I have to say it 's more about the future than about the past . That as a topic was really about one third of the discussion and it was quickly dealt with . I mean we 're older people ... " While Alonso 's seat at McLaren was sorted out "  five or six races before the end of the season , " Button was left to sweat over his F1 future . Eventually he signed a new deal to extend his four-year stay with the team in December , with his services retained above Kevin Magnussen , who stayed on as a test and reserve driver . "  These drivers had contracts through to the end of 2014 so there 's no contractual necessity and I was absolutely open to both drivers about what the process was , " said Dennis . "  So I can understand the fuss but the fact is we 're a business . We 're a sport in a business , there 's a right time to take the decision , and the right time to take the decision was the time it was taken . If it had been appropriate to take it sooner we would have done . "	McLaren boss Ron Dennis discusses British team 's chances for 2015 Formula One season Dennis expects start to new season to be "  problematic " but "  competitiveness will be quickly established " Drivers Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button need to focus on "  winning and not beating each other " First F1 race of new season gets underway in Melbourne on March 15
CNN  -- A British Airways plane was damaged while taxiing at a South African airport Sunday , the company said . "  The 182 customers disembarked safely and there were no reported injuries onboard the aircraft , " spokesman Philip Allport said in a statement . The statement did not detail how the Boeing 747 was damaged in Johannesburg , but photos on social media sites show the right wing of a plane apparently collided into a brick building . British Airways said it has launched an investigation and is assisting the independent South African Civil Aviation Authority on the case .	British Airways says a plane was damaged but did not detail how The incident took place while the plane was taxiing in Johannesburg , South Africa
For many people , any interest in the resurgence in Icelandic volcanic activity this year is now a distant memory . However , an eruption from Bardarbunga that began on August 31 continues to this day and has now emitted the most lava of any volcano in Iceland since 1947 and shows no sign of stopping . To give some sense of the scale , the volcano has now spewed so much lava to the surface that it would fill Wembley stadium to the brim more than 500 times over . And the total area of impact is over 28 square miles . Unlike a lava flow that is currently destroying homes in Hawaii , however , the lava in Iceland is flowing in an uninhabited area and has only provided stunning visual effects that have been captured by many photographers . However , toxic gas released is causing respiratory discomfort to people in nearby towns , and has even triggered pollution warnings in other countries , including Ireland , and measurable pollution peaks in the United Kingdom . So far , however , the eruption has not caused any problems from ash clouds because it is erupting beyond the ice cap . However , this could change at any time . The caldera at the top of the volcano is dropping every day , as magma flows out from below . This is being monitored by a high-precision GPS instrument placed there by gutsy scientists of the Icelandic Met Office . The subsidence is not smooth , but lurches down in jumps coinciding with earthquakes occurring beneath the surface . This subsidence marks a slow collapse of the caldera , a process that often ends with an eruption . There are hundreds of metres of ice within the caldera , so any eruption would lead to the production of ash , once it melts its way through the ice cap ; melting ice interacts with the magma , turning to steam and exploding the magma into fragments of ash . If this occurs , the eruption may well affect some flights . It would also cause destructive flooding from melting of the ice . However , we should not see any repeat of the massive airspace closure in Europe in 2010 , the biggest since World War II , following the eruption of the Eyjafjallajkull volcano . That eruption stranded millions of travellers and cost the industry a massive sum . One key difference between then and now is that there is no longer an aviation "  zero tolerance " policy to ash . This means that aircraft are now allowed to fly in areas containing low particle concentrations , and various efforts such as a collaboration of 26 European institutes called FUTUREVOLC , mean that models of ash concentration have been much improved since 2010 . Moreover , the ash produced in 2010 was especially fine , allowing it to stay aloft for a long time . The weather at the time also conspired against civil air authorities and travellers , with dry air and consistent northerly winds causing the ash to spread deep into Europe . To be sure , there is a small chance of a much more significant eruption . Bardarbunga has had huge eruptions in the past , bigger even than the 1783-84 Laki eruption that led to a long-lived fog over much of Europe , which contributed to extreme low winter temperatures and many deaths . However , the frequency of such large eruptions is low -- separated by hundreds of years on average . That said , the timing of the next big one may have been brought forward by the shrinking of the ice caps due to climate change . The associated reduction of pressure in the mantle beneath the crust has caused magma generation rates to approximately double over the last century . But the picture here is not 100 % clear cut as the altered stress state of the crust may mean that more magma freezes beneath the ground , rather than erupting . Even without a huge eruption , threats remain from the continued possibility of large floods from meltwater , with potential risk to human life . The highlands north of the Vatnajkull glacier therefore remain closed to the general public . Taken overall , there remains a possibility of a significant ash eruption in Iceland that may well impact some flights . However , despite all the risks , it is still unlikely we will witness a repeat of the travel chaos that brought European airspace to a standstill in 2010 .	An eruption from Bardarbunga began on August 31 and continues to this day It has now emitted the most lava of any Icelandic volcano since 1947 Toxic gas released is causing respiratory discomfort to people in nearby towns It has triggered pollution warnings in countries such as Ireland
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Raul Castro 's government in Cuba continues to repress civil rights and persecute dissenters three years after he became the communist nation 's top leader , Human Rights Watch says in a report released Wednesday . Raul Castro took over in July 2006 , when older brother Fidel became ill and was no longer able to rule after more than 47 years in charge . The new dictator has locked up scores of people and allowed scores more that had been jailed by Fidel Castro to remain behind bars , Human Rights Watch says . "  Rather than dismantle Cuba 's repressive machinery , Raul Castro has kept it firmly in place and fully active , " the report says . Cuban government officials in Washington rejected the conclusions reached in the report , titled "  New Castro , Same Cuba . " "  Cuba does not recognize the legality nor the moral authority of HRW as an organization that defends human rights , " said Alberto Gonzalez , spokesman for Cuba 's diplomatic office in Washington . "  HRW is an organization that analyzes this topic in a discriminatory , selective and above all politicized way . Its evaluation of human rights in Cuba is illegitimate and illegal . " Critics of the Cuban government agree with the rights group 's conclusion that nothing has changed despite the new leadership . "  Everyone thought there would be change , but there is no change , " said Angel Padilla , head of the Disidente Universal group in Puerto Rico . Some analysts even see a reversal in human rights . "  While there has been some economic reforms and political openings under Raul , the human rights picture has worsened . There is a greater police presence on the streets , " said Ann Louise Bardach , whose book "  Without Fidel : A Death Foretold in Miami , Havana , and Washington " was published last month . "  Raul 's inner circle have unbridled contempt for the dissidents , " Bardach told CNN . Raul Castro has relied on a law dealing with "  dangerousness " to foster much of the repression , Human Rights Watch said . "  Dangerousness " allows authorities to jail people before they have committed any crime , on the suspicion that they are likely to commit an offense . "  In his three years in power , Raul Castro has been just as brutal as his brother , " said Jose Miguel Vivanco , Americas director at Human Rights Watch . "  Cubans who dare to criticize the government live in perpetual fear , knowing they could wind up in prison for merely expressing their views . " The report is based on 60 extensive interviews Human Rights Watch researchers conducted in June and July in seven of Cuba 's 14 provinces and by telephone from New York City . The research uncovered more than 40 cases in which Cuba jailed citizens under the "  dangerousness " provision . The government also uses other harsh laws to silence free speech , quash labor rights and criminalize all forms of association , the report says . Human rights violations include abusive interrogations , the denial of legal counsel and sham trials , the report says . In addition , the report says , "  political prisoners are subjected to widespread abuses , including forced ideological re-education , extended solitary confinement and the denial of medical treatment for serious illnesses . " Cuba also enforces political conformity through beatings , short-term detention , public acts of repudiation and the denial of work , Human Rights Watch says . "  Taken together , these everyday forms of repression create a climate of fear that has a profound chilling effect on the exercise of fundamental freedoms in Cuban society , " the report says . Human Rights Watch urges the United States to dismantle a trade embargo it has imposed on Cuba since 1962 . The embargo , the group said , has proven a costly and misguided failure . "  The embargo has inflicted severe hardship on the Cuban population as a whole , while doing nothing to improve the human rights situation in Cuba , " the rights group says . "  Rather than isolating Cuba , the policy has isolated the United States , alienating Washington 's potential allies on this issue . " In place of the embargo , Human Rights Watch recommends that the United States obtain commitments from the European Union , Canada and Latin American allies to push Cuba to meet one demand : the immediate and unconditional release of all political prisoners within six months . "  If the Raul Castro government does not meet this demand , " the rights group says , "  members of the multilateral coalition should impose targeted , punitive measures , such as travel bans on government officials or withholding new forms of foreign investment . These measures should be significant enough to bear real consequences for the Cuban government , while being careful not to impose suffering on the Cuban population as a whole . " The report came one day after the release of poll results by another group showing 82 percent of Cubans do not believe matters are going well on the island . In the survey , sponsored by the non-partisan International Republican Institute , 52 percent of Cubans who responded cited economic issues as their greatest concern and 66 percent said they do not believe the government will solve the nation 's most pressing issues . "  The data reveals Cubans ' strong dissatisfaction toward its leadership and their indisputable preferences for political and economic change , " the institute 's president , Lorne Craner , says in a news release . The poll , undertaken July 1-August 4 in 12 Cuban provinces , asked the opinions of 432 Cuban adults , the institute said . The results have a sampling error of plus or minus 5 percentage points . CNN 's Willie Lora in Washington and Arthur Brice in Atlanta contributed to this report .	The report , titled "  New Castro , Same Cuba " says Raul Castro has been "  just as brutal as his brother Fidel " Cuba accused of jailing people before they have committed any crime , on suspicion they are likely to commit an offense Says regime also enforces political conformity through beatings , short-term detention , public acts of repudiation Report based on 60 interviews researchers conducted in person in Cuba and on the telephone from New York
Did Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson shoot Michael Brown dead as he staggered to the ground , hobbled by gunshot wounds ? Or , did the 18-year-old aggressively charge at Wilson even after the officer ordered him to stop ? A St. Louis County grand jury heard both versions and many more from dozens of witnesses who gave accounts of what happened on August 9 , the day Wilson shot Brown to death in the middle of the street outside an apartment complex as dozens of people watched . The panel of nine white and three black members heard 70 hours of testimony from 60 witnesses and three medical examiners before declining to indict Wilson on Monday in Brown 's death . Their decision touched off riots and looting in the streets of Ferguson and St. Louis , and protests nationwide . After the decision was announced , the St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney 's Office released transcripts of the proceedings , offering a rare glimpse into the closed-door hearing . It may have been a gesture of transparency , but the conflicting witness accounts , redacted police statements and contradictory autopsies only seemed to leave a murkier picture of what happened . When the grand jury first convened on August 20 , St. Louis County Prosecutor Robert McCulloch told panelists that he hoped to wrap up proceedings by mid-October . Instead , the panel sat for 25 days over three months as multiple jurisdictions investigated Brown 's death . In that time , a grass-roots social justice movement coalesced online , Brown 's parents addressed the United Nations , and Wilson got married in secret . As weeks dragged on jurors appeared to understand that the public was getting impatient . In an exchange on September 20 before testimony got underway , two jurors raised concerns . "  My concern is that everybody is saying ` hurry up , hurry up , hurry up , ' from what I 'm hearing . Hurry up , make a decision , hurry up and get this done , hurry up and get that done , " one juror said on September 30 . "  I think everybody needs to ratchet it down a little bit and let us do what we can do . I have faith and trust in everybody in here , to make the decision that 's appropriate . I 'm not saying it is the right decision , I 'm not saying it is the wrong decision , but make the decision that 's appropriate based on the facts . But is that being disseminated by these groups or whatever to the people there ? " "  Do they not understand the process ? " another juror said . "  Is that the problem , or is there a way to bypass this because it seems to me that we 're doing what needs to be done and we 're doing what 's right and people are not seeing that . " The transcripts provide a window into evidence the grand jury considered in making its decision . Some sticking points are beginning to emerge as CNN reviews the transcripts . What follows is a work in progress as we continue to read . When did Wilson start shooting ? In Wilson 's David-against-Goliath-like portrayal of the events , the six-year veteran of the force told the grand jury that he called for backup before he got out of his car . He feared for his life against the 6-foot-4 , 290-pound Brown , likening the matchup to "  a 5-year-old holding onto Hulk Hogan . " Whether it was a tussle , a wrestling match , witnesses said they saw a confrontation between Brown and Wilson while Wilson was in his police SUV . Accounts varied regarding who was the aggressor , and not everyone heard gunshots that Wilson fired , by his own admission . But everyone saw Brown suddenly take off running east behind the car . What happened after Wilson stepped out of his car is unclear . Several witnesses testified that Wilson began shooting while Brown was running away from him . One witness claimed to watch from a bedroom window as Wilson shot at Brown as he ran in the opposite direction  volume 7 , page 18  . By the time the witness ran outside for a better look , Brown was "  bent down " and facing Wilson with his arms tucked on his stomach , "  so I 'm thinking now he 's shot , " the witness told the jury . Another witness supported that claim , saying in an audio recording played for the grand jury that Wilson immediately began shooting after emerging from his vehicle  volume 7 , page 86  . The witness also said that a bullet appeared to strike Brown , "  jerking his body . " A different witness testified that Wilson got out of the vehicle with his gun drawn but did not point it at Brown until Brown turned around to face him  volume 6 , page 166  . Did Brown raise his hands in surrender ? What happened after Brown turned around is also hotly disputed . Were his hands up -- as in clearly raised up and out -- in surrender ? Or were his palms up , meaning was he looking at his body with his arms near his sides , not necessarily in a conciliatory gesture ? Or , did he put his hand in the waist of his pants , as if moving toward a gun , as Wilson testified ? The same witness who said Wilson did not open fire on Brown as he ran away also said that Brown made absolutely no motion to surrender . "  He stopped . He did turn , he did some sort of body gesture , " the witness testified . But "  it was not in a surrendering motion . " "  I could say for sure he never put his hands up after he did his body gesture , he ran towards the officer full charge . The officer fired several shots , " the witness told the grand jury  volume 6 , pages 166-167  . In an earlier police statement , the witness admitted that his version differed from what others claimed to see , as bystanders traded stories on the street in the immediate aftermath . The same witness who claimed to see Brown 's body jerk from a gunshot said Brown turned around and put his hands up . "  And , the officer walks up to and continues to just shoot , shoot him until he falls to the ground , " the witness said . "  Even though his hands were up ? " a detective asks on the recording . "  Yes . " Did Brown charge at Wilson ? Wilson testified Brown came at him after turning around to face him . "  As he is coming towards me , I tell , keep telling him to get on the ground , he does n't . I shoot a series of shots , " he told the grand jury . At least one witness agreed with Wilson , the one who said Brown ran toward the officer "  full charge . " Those who testified that Brown already had been wounded said the charge was more like a wounded stagger . "  He was going down definitely , " said the witness watching from the balcony . "  And , the officer just let out a few more rounds to him and he hit the ground and that 's when I seen blood . "  volume 7 , page 21 As he was taking small steps "  like he was stumbling , " the officer "  lets out some more shots and that 's when he hit the ground , " the witness testified . Another witness said Brown made it about 25 to 30 feet when he turned to face the officer , who had exited his vehicle by then , and Brown raised his hands , "  but he did n't raise them all the way up . " As Wilson yelled "  stop , " Brown took two to three steps forward and "  pow , pow , " the witness said in a police statement that was read aloud to the grand jury . Wilson staggered forward with the "  weirdest look on his face , " the witness told police -- not a menacing look , but "  like he 's coming to him like to plea with him stop . " Wilson continued yelling "  stop , " but Brown stumbled forward "  real slowly , " hunched forward and rocking back and forth as if he were in pain . Wilson fired again , the witness said . "  And as he was going , he kept firing . He kept firing . Until he hit the ground . " That last set of rounds was what set off everyone who was watching , the witness said . Brown was already down . Did Wilson have to keep shooting ? "  He was , to me and I 'm going to say it , he was executed , " the witness said of Brown . "  Maybe he got caught up in the heat of the moment or whatever was his intention I can not read that officer 's mind , but he did not have to fire that last volley . " Was Wilson credible ? This grand jury had something most grand juries do n't get -- the man who fired the fatal bullets . Michael Brown , the best witness to cast doubt on his version of events , was dead . In the end , it came down to whether jurors believed Wilson 's self-defense claim -- or if they could find a reason to disbelieve him . Wilson did say he was afraid another blow to the face would knock him out ; he also feared Brown would take his gun and shoot him . In the end , the grand jury appeared to give more weight to Wilson 's testimony . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Grand jury heard 70 hours of testimony from 60 witnesses , three medical examiners Accounts vary on when Darren Wilson started shooting at Michael Brown Some witnesses said Wilson shot Brown when he was down and no longer a threat Witnesses differed on whether Brown charged Wilson
CNN  -- The other night was one of the most sacred and extraordinary events of my life as an advocate . A gathering of people from all around our country with one thing in common : a desire to stop the gun violence that plagues their lives and continues to plague our nation . Marking the one-year anniversary of the mass shooting in a Sikh temple in Wisconsin , young Sikhs of Oak Creek organized a candlelight vigil against gun violence at the same gurdwara where six people were murdered . One would anticipate the one-year anniversary vigil to be small and somber . Most people I meet know Aurora and Newtown but draw a blank when they hear Oak Creek . It simply blurs into the string of horrific mass shootings last year that each time failed to yield the solutions to gun violence that we were desperate for . And yet , more than 1,000 people of all faiths and backgrounds gathered in Wisconsin for the vigil with many more watching online . Holding candles and wearing scarves and turbans in solidarity , they listened to survivor stories of Oak Creek and other national tragedies , from Virginia Tech to Newtown . Rather than a solemn affair , the Sikh Americans of Oak Creek interwove tearful testimonies with multifaith prayer and music , stories and songs that repeatedly lifted up the Sikh spirit of "  Chardi Kala , " everlasting optimism and high spirits even in hardship and suffering . The Oak Creek mass shooting was a national tragedy . It was the biggest act of violence against a faith community since the 1963 Alabama church bombings . But it is also a story of how a community got up from being floored and organized for concrete social and political change . In a time when many who want gun violence prevention legislation are frustrated and tempted to give up , Oak Creek offers hope and inspiration . Immediately after the mass shooting , the Sikh community rightly understood the Oak Creek tragedy was part of a history of discrimination on the basis of race and religion . Sikhs in Oak Creek joined civil rights groups and allies in a national grassroots campaign calling for the FBI to track hate crimes against Sikhs and others vulnerable to violence . Their work resulted in a historic Senate hearing on the rise of domestic terrorism and hate crimes in America . On September 19 , 2012 , Harpreet Singh Saini , a teenager whose mother was gunned down in the prayer hall , became the first Sikh in U.S. history to testify before Congress . "  I want to protect other people from what happened to my mother , " Harpreet said . "  I want to combat hate , not just against Sikhs but against all people . Senators , I know what happened at Oak Creek was not an isolated incident . I fear it may happen again if we do n't stand up and do something . " Harpreet asked the government to give his mother the dignity of being counted in hate crimes statistics . On Friday , after a year of concerted organizing , Attorney General Eric Holder announced that the Department of Justice will finally begin to track hate crimes against Sikh Americans , Hindus , Arabs , Buddhists , Mormons , Jehovah 's Witnesses and Orthodox Christians . They will be counted on the Hate Crime Incident Report form for the first time . Although adding categories to an incident report might seem like a minor improvement , it is not . It 's impossible to combat the problem of hate-based violence in America without acknowledging that it exists . The policy change is an important crime-fighting tool and a civil rights victory for a community that has suffered discrimination , especially since 9/11 . Quick action that galvanized Oak Creek in the wake of tragedy helped get this done . But it was also the result of more than a decade of sustained effort by determined community advocates , such as the Sikh Coalition , the Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund and South Asian Americans Leading Together . Now , some Sikh Americans are joining the movement against gun violence for the first time . Amardeep Singh Kaleka , whose father Satwant Singh Kaleka was killed fighting the gunman in the shooting , has become a prominent voice against gun violence . His brother , Pardeep Singh Kaleka , teamed up with former white supremacist Arno Michaelis to educate young people about the roots of violence . They helped the Sikh youth of Oak Creek found Serve2Unite in the aftermath of the mass shooting . Watch "  Oak Creek : In Memoriam , " a short film about tragedy and healing "  We refused to let that act define what we became , " said Oak Creek Mayor Steve Scaffidi . "  We can accomplish something . We can make a change that 's real . We do n't have to wait for Washington or someone else to do it . " As a Sikh American , I was deeply inspired that the vigil honored all victims of gun violence . The ceremony began and ended with a reading of the names of people murdered by guns -- a school in Newtown , a theater in Aurora , the streets of Chicago and daily homicides that barely make headlines . Between stories of victims , the drums of Native American tribes flowed into Sikh prayers and the voices of a children 's choir . The vigil also featured an array of representatives from some 45 groups who worked with Sikhs since the tragedy , including Groundswell at Auburn Seminary , a multifaith social action network of 100,000 people of faith I helped found . The movement against gun violence has not fizzled out . Even in the midst of the distractions of the next day 's news cycle , we must remain focused in the pursuit of solutions that make our streets and schools , homes and houses of worship , safer for all . Young Sikh Americans are among the many new voices that can re-energize the movement . After all , the story of Oak Creek teaches us the way forward beyond the passage of reasonable legislation such as background checks . It reminds us to focus on curbing the impulse to violence and hate in our own homes and hearts . And it shows us how to keep working even when times are bleak -- in Chardi Kala , a spirit of relentless optimism . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Valarie Kaur .	Vigil at Sikh temple one year after murders brings people from all faiths hurt by gun violence Valarie Kaur : Most people know Aurora or Newtown but do n't remember Oak Creek Now , hate crimes lists includes Sikhs , Hindus , Arabs , Buddhists , Mormons , Jehovah 's Witnesses Kaur : Oak Creek will keep fighting gun violence despite all the setbacks in reform
CNN  -- Days after photographing scenes at the Guantanamo Bay prison in Cuba , a U.S. Navy veteran found himself behind bars -- where he could remain for a decade -- for alleged passport fraud . Former U.S. Petty Officer 2nd Class Elisha Leo Dawkins was arrested in April , spending Friday like many others in a federal detention center in Miami . A federal indictment says Dawkins ' failed to acknowledged that he 'd once applied for a passport when filling out a new application , something his lawyer Clark Mervis calls an innocent oversight -- albeit one punishable by up to 10 years in prison , if he 's convicted . His case has triggered an online and letter-writing campaign from Dawkins ' supporters , including an effort to raise $ 10,000 for his release on bond . "  He put his life on the line , " said friend Dianne Rinehardt , a veteran herself who met Dawkins in nursing school . "  I am not going to allow anyone to belittle his service to his country . " The U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of Florida , via spokeswoman Marlene Rodriguez , declined to comment on Dawkins ' case , because it is still active . Sarah Rosetti -- a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department , which investigates passport fraud -- similarly would not address the matter because it was an "  ongoing investigation . " The grand jury indictment claims that Dawkins "  did knowingly and willfully make a false statement " on an April 2006 passport application completed in Miami-Dade County . Specifically , Dawkins said that he had never before requested a U.S. passport , "  when in truth ... and as the defendant ... knew , he had previously applied , " according to the indictment . The U.S. State Department calls passports "  the most highly valued travel document in the world . " The department opened 5,282 investigations into passport and visa fraud worldwide last year , leading to 1,680 arrests . "  Flash " Gordon Schwartz , a Jacksonville accountant and a former Navy pilot , said that his friend Dawkins started filling out a passport application in 2004 but did n't finish it . When he filled out another application two years later , Dawkins checked "  no " next to the question about whether he 'd completed an application previously -- assuming that was the right answer , since his previous attempt was n't complete . He got the passport . But five years later , in March , a warrant was issued for Dawkins ' arrest -- at the same time he was in Cuba working as a military photographer , according to Schwartz . He returned to the United States on April 10 , and was arrested nine days later , Rinehardt said . "  When you have a good-hearted person who serves their country and is doing everything the right way , we need to have some leniency , " said Schwartz , who is trying to raise the bond money for Dawkins . Adding to the complexity of the case is the fact that Dawkins is not a U.S. citizen -- something that , according to his attorney , he learned only recently and did not factor into his arrest . Dawkins had been told by his mother that he was born in Miami , and he had a social security number and birth certificate , added Schwartz . His friend said he fears that , if Dawkins is released on bond  or even if he 's exonerated on the passport fraud charge  , he 'll be detained and possibly deported to the Bahamas , where his mother hails from . But Danielle Bennett , a spokeswoman for U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement , said that the agency does n't have a detainer for Dawkins , which would be used to keep him in federal custody on immigration charges . The questions of his citizenship notwithstanding , Dawkins has served in the U.S. military since graduating from high school , said Schwartz . That includes one tour of duty in Iraq as an Army photographer , before he switched to the Navy Reserves -- in part so he could attend nursing school , in hopes of eventually putting those skills to work in the military , Schwartz said . "  He is committed to the country . He 's committed to always doing the right thing , " Schwartz said of his friend . "  He 's a leader , he 's an overachiever , and he 's super-friendly . " A document , provided to CNN by Schwartz as authorized by U.S. Navy Vice Admiral M.E. Ferguson III , indicates that Dawkins had secret clearance while at Guantanamo . In an evaluation report , one superior lauds Dawkins as "  a team player ... with a strong work ethic and desire to learn " and recommends him for promotion . "  Dawkins is eager to tell the military story and to further the the image and success of U.S. service members , " wrote Petty Officer 1st Class Sally Hendricks . Rinehardt , who said she had no idea where Dawkins was until this week , has started a fledgling Facebook group entitled "  Help Elisha be a Free Man !! " to raise awareness and support . U.S. Sen. Scott Brown , a Massachusetts Republican , is one of those legislators who have received letters on the subject , while Schwartz said that U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , has taken particular interest in the case . Meanwhile , Schwartz said , the U.S. Treasury Department is among those federal agencies going after Dawkins -- for falling behind on his student loans , related to his nursing studies , while he 's been behind bars . According to Mervis , a bond hearing is scheduled next week . Rodriguez , from the U.S. Attorney 's Office , said that a calendar call hearing will take place June 28 , at which point more details -- including a possible trial date -- could be finalized . Meanwhile , Schwartz said that his normally upbeat friend is struggling to keep up his morale while in federal detention . "  He 's extremely upset , but he 's dealing with it as best he can , " Schwartz said . "  He just says , ` Tell me it 's all going to be OK . ' "	NEW : In evaluations , superiors give positive reviews of Dawkins , who had secret clearance The Navy and Army vet is now in federal custody after being charged with passport fraud His arrest comes after he failed to say he had previously submitted a passport application His supporters call it an innocent oversight , albeit one that may spur a long sentence
CNN  -- Basketball might be a team sport , but Mount St. Joseph University freshman Lauren Hill was clearly the star of the court Sunday in Ohio 's Cintas Center in Cincinnati . Her name was plastered on posters and signs waving in the stands . Much of the sold-out crowd of more than 10,000 fans wore T-shirts and sweatshirts bearing her name and the slogan "  Never Give Up . " Some had her jersey number , 22 , painted on their faces . Mount St. Joseph already had a 64-55 lead over Hiram College when Hill came off the bench in response to chants of "  we want Lauren . " When she hit the final layup in the last nine seconds of the game , thunderous cheers underscored the significance of the shot , which could be the last of Hill 's collegiate career and her life . The 19-year-old freshman is dying from a rare form of brain cancer called Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma . When doctors told her she did not have much time left , her school asked the NCAA if it could move up its season opener by two weeks so Hill could play her first collegiate basketball game . The answer was yes , prompting an outpouring of support from the greater Cincinnati community and beyond , culminating in Sunday 's game . Hill also scored the first two points of the game , drawing cheers from Lions and Terrier fans alike . "  Today has been the best day I 've ever had , " a tearful Hill told the crowd after the game as she accepted the Wilma Rudolph Courage Award for overcome adversity and serving as positive role model . "  I do n't know what to say but thank you . " Her diagnosis came during her final year of high school in 2013 . She 'd already signed up to play basketball at Mount St. Joseph . Undeterred , she played ball in high school despite rounds of chemotherapy for her inoperable tumor and went on to Mount St. Joseph University . "  I never gave up for a second even when I got a terminal diagnosis ; I never thought about sitting back and not living life anymore , " she told CNN affiliate WKRC . Hill 's story touched people around the country after WKRC shared her story . Xavier University donated court space at Cintas Center when it became demand for tickets outnumbered available seats at Mount St. Joseph . Sports teams around the country took the #LayUp4Lauren challenge to raise money for pediatric brain cancer , from the Cincinnati Bengals to the Harlem Globetrotters . Legendary women 's basketball coach Pat Summit was on hand during half-time to present Hill with the U.S. Basketball Writers Association 's Most Courageous Award , a distinction normally reserved for a women 's coach or player during the Women 's Final Four . Buffalo Bills running back Fred Jackson , Chicago Sky 's Elena Delle Donne and WNBA All-Star Tamika Catchings also attended Sunday 's game . "  The thing about her is she 's just so positive and encouraging , " Catchings told WKRC . "  No matter what she 's going through she 's still out here talking about -LSB- how -RSB- we need a cure . " Even Ohio native and NBA star Lebron James is a fan . He congratulated her on Instagram . .	Mount St. Joseph University freshman Lauren Hill plays in season opener Hill is dying from a rare form of brain cancer called Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma Her school asked NCAA to move season opener so she could play Her story inspires pro athletes to to raise money for pediatric brain cancer
CNN  -- If you were never able to solve a Rubik 's Cube without peeling off the stickers or prying it apart with a butter knife , you 're really going to hate this robot . Cubestormer 3 , a robot built with Legos and powered by a smartphone , shattered its predecessor 's record over the weekend , solving the iconic '80s puzzle in just over 3.25 seconds . The lightning-quick feat , pulled off Saturday at the Big Bang Fair in Birmingham , UK , shaved more than two seconds off the former Guinness-recognized world record of 5.27 seconds , accomplished by the same team 's Cubestormer 2 . That mark narrowly bested the best human time of 5.5 seconds , set by Mats Valk of the Netherlands last year . "  We knew Cubestormer 3 had the potential to beat the existing record , but with the robot performing physical operations quicker than the human eye can see , there 's always an element of risk , " said David Gilday , who built the robots along with co-inventor Mike Dobson . Gilday is an engineer with ARM , the company that makes the souped-up processors in the Samsung Galaxy S4 used to power Cubestormer 3 . The phone analyzes the cube and calculates the best sequence of moves to solve it , then instructs the robot 's four arms to get to work . Eight Lego Mindstorms EV3 bricks perform motor control and sequencing on the robot . "  In the end , the hours we spent perfecting the robot and ensuring its motor and intelligence functions were properly synchronized paid off , " Gilday said . "  Our big challenge now is working out if it 's possible to make it go even faster . " The cube , originally called the Magic Cube , was invented in 1974 by Erno Rubik , a Hungarian architect . It is believed to be the best-selling toy of all time , with more than 350 million cubes sold since it was launched internationally in 1980 . According to its makers , any permutation can be solved in 20 moves or fewer . While they were at it , Gilday also set a couple of other Rubik 's Cube records over the weekend . Another robot solved a 4-by-4 cube  the regular Rubik 's is 3-by-3  in just over 1 minute , 18 seconds , and an intricate 9-by-9 cube became the biggest ever to be solved by a robot , with another machine sorting it in just over 34 minutes .	Smartphone-powered Lego robot sets Rubik 's Cube record Cubestormer 3 sorted the famous puzzle in 3.25 seconds The fastest human time , recorded last year , is 5.5 seconds
Cedar Key , Florida  CNN  -- Two weeks after BP plugged its damaged oil well in the Gulf of Mexico with cement and mud from above , the next step in the process to permanently shut down the apparatus is in limbo as scientists gauge the risks posed by pressure inside the well . "  Our first goal is to do no harm , " Thad Allen , the government 's point man in the Gulf , said in a teleconference Wednesday . The procedure the first week of August was called a "  static kill . " The timeline for the next step -- the "  bottom kill " -- is unknown , as scientists try to determine which of two methods would work best to mitigate the pressure issues , Allen said . Crews could remove the capping stack that sealed the oil in the well on July 15 , then replace the well 's blowout preventer with a new one stored on the nearby Development Driller II in the Gulf . The other option would require BP to devise a pressure-relief device for the current capping stack . Once crews get their marching orders , it will take them about four days to prepare , drill the final 50 feet of a relief well and intercept the main well . Then , the "  bottom kill " process of plugging the well from below will begin . Allen said Wednesday cementing will require another several days . Allen also told reporters that seafood coming from reopened Gulf fishing waters is safe to eat . "  There 's no problem with Gulf seafood . It 's being tested more than any other seafood out there right now , " Allen said . National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration chief Jane Lubchenco echoed Allen 's comments about Gulf seafood , saying that where water may still be tainted , no fishing is allowed . "  Twenty-two percent of federal waters in the Gulf remain closed because we have not yet determined it 's safe " to eat seafood from there , Lubchenco said in the same teleconference . She added that scientists are continuing to conduct testing in the areas that have reopened . Wednesday is the last day that BP will accept claims from people and businesses affected by the Gulf oil disaster . After that , the oil giant will direct people to the Gulf Coast Claims Facility , led by attorney Kenneth Feinberg . Feinberg is charged with independently administering the $ 20 billion escrow account established by BP to compensate for damage caused by the Gulf disaster . At a town hall meeting in Houma , Louisiana , Wednesday morning , one woman accused Feinberg of working for BP , accidentally referring to him as "  Mr. BP . " "  This facility is going to be much more generous , much more efficient , and much quicker than BP , " Feinberg responded . "  If anyone here thinks I am not independent and am merely an arm of BP , do n't participate . It 's a voluntary program . " Feinberg promised that eligible individuals who submit a claim would get a check in 48 hours and eligible business claims would be paid in no more than seven days . But he acknowledged that he 'd have to earn the trust of fishermen and others who say they 've received conflicting information about the oil spill response from BP and various government agencies . "  There is only one way that I will earn your trust , " Feinberg said Wednesday , "  and that is paying the claims . " Others at the town complained that income they 've received from BP for helping respond to the spill would be deducted from their payments , pointing out that those who stayed home would be eligible for more money . "  There are very few people that I 've met here in the gulf that are in emergency situations , desperate to pay their mortgages and put food on their tables that have not sought other work , other employment , " Feinberg told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Wednesday in response to such grievances . BP , which said Tuesday it has paid $ 368 million in claims so far , will continue to handle claims by government entities . On Tuesday , a major environmental watchdog group called for more stringent testing of seafood from the Gulf of Mexico , where the fall shrimping season began this week . The state of Alabama just reopened its coastal waters to fishing and shrimping on Monday . The National Resources Defense Council released a statement saying it sent letters to the Food and Drug Administration and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , co-signed by almost two dozen Gulf coast groups . The letters asked the government agencies to : -- Ensure that there is comprehensive monitoring of seafood contamination . -- Ensure public disclosure of all seafood monitoring data and methods . -- Ensure that fishery reopening criteria protect the most vulnerable populations , including children , pregnant women and subsistence fishing communities . "  With the opening of shrimping season and near-daily reopening of fishing areas , seafood safety is a major issue right now , " Dr. Gina Solomon , a senior scientist with the National Resources Defense Council , said in the statement . "  The government needs to show it is putting strong safety criteria and testing standards in place to ensure that the seafood from the Gulf will be safe to eat in the months and years to come . " The oil spill has hampered the seafood business across the Gulf as federal and state authorities put much of its waters off-limits amid safety concerns . With the once-gushing well capped temporarily for more than a month now , NOAA and the Gulf states have started lifting those restrictions . Pete Barber , president of the Alabama Seafood Association , told CNN affiliate WALA that although the waters are open and the shrimp have been deemed safe , that does n't mean seafood buyers want it . "  We 've had major distributors call up some of our processors who have been working with them for years , generations , and they 've basically said , ` We do n't want Gulf product , ' " Barber said . "  Some of those boats have their hulls full of shrimp and no one that 's eagerly looking to buy them . " While some shrimpers are eager to get back out , many are still working for BP , which has hired boats to skim oil off the surface and lay protective booms along the shorelines . But the need for skimmers appears to be winding down . The state of Louisiana said Tuesday that of 343 operational skimmers , only 40 were sent out Monday in search of oil -- and they came back to shore with 100 cubic yards of debris , but not even one gallon of oil . Two reports published Tuesday express concern about the lingering effects of oil spilled from the ruptured BP well . Researchers at the University of South Florida have concluded that oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill may have settled to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico farther east than previously suspected -- and at levels toxic to marine life . "  The dispersant is moving the oil down out of the surface and into the deeper waters , where it can affect phytoplankton and other marine life , " said John Paul , a marine microbiologist at the University of South Florida . In addition , a team from Georgia Sea Grant and the University of Georgia released a report that estimates that 70 to 79 percent of the oil that gushed from the well "  has not been recovered and remains a threat to the ecosystem , " the university said in a release . The Georgia study "  strongly contradicts " a 2-week-old government report saying that only 26 percent of the oil spilled from the well remains in the Gulf . Lubchenco addressed the discrepancy Wednesday , saying the Georgia study was based on different parameters than the federal study and , "  We stand by the numbers we released in the oil budget . " "  We have said all along there is dispersed oil subsurface -- that oil is out there , " she said . "  It is dilute , in parts per million " but "  dilute and dispersed does not mean benign . " The NOAA chief said scientists will "  continue to do additional monitoring and refine the estimate " as new information comes to light . The government believes the water is clean enough for at least one form of sea life to abide . Allen , Lubchenco and some biologists reintroduced 23 sea turtles to the Gulf off Cedar Key , Florida , Wednesday morning . The Kemp 's ridley sea turtles had been cleaned and de-oiled at the Audubon Aquarium in New Orleans , and at Gulf World in Panama City , Florida . Then , they were temporarily housed at SeaWorld Orlando , Mote Marine Laboratory , and the Florida Aquarium , NOAA said in a press release Wednesday . To date , approximately 500 live turtles have been rescued during the Gulf oil spill , and more than 450 stranded or captured turtles have had visible evidence of external oil . Approximately 350 turtles are still in rehabilitation facilities and will be released as they are given clean bills of health , according to NOAA . The spill began after an April 20 explosion on the offshore drilling platform Deepwater Horizon that killed 11 men . Two days later , the platform sank and oil started gushing into the Gulf . CNN 's Chris Turner contributed to this report	NEW : Government 's claims administrator to Gulf residents : "  I will earn your trust " NOAA head Jane Lubchenco explains difference between statistics on oil still in Gulf The relief well and bottom kill are on hold until pressure risks are evaluated and mitigated Thad Allen and Lubchenco stress Gulf seafood is safe
CNN  -- A major Italian trade union called on workers to strike Tuesday , as the country 's Senate prepares to vote on austerity measures to try to bring the country 's budget under control . The strikes were causing transport chaos in cities across the country , with parts of the metro shut down in Rome , the Italian news agency ANSA reported . The CGIL union said demonstrations were planned for cities including Rome , Naples , Florence , Milan and many others . The strike comes amid international worries about the health of Italy 's economy , the third-largest in Europe . Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi last month insisted that his country could confront the financial anxieties shadowing Italy and rest of the continent . Speaking to lawmakers , he said the economic challenges Italy faces need "  to be tackled with determination and without panic . " But he also noted "  we do not deny we are facing a crisis , " adding : "  We need to work together to overcome it . " There have been fears that the debt crisis roiling Greece and Portugal is spreading to Italy and could affect the stability of the euro , the currency used by 17 nations on the continent . Italy has one of the lowest growth rates in the world and among the highest public debts , warned Domenico Lombardi , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and former International Monetary Fund executive board member . He said the roots of Italy 's troubles lie in its huge public debt and low growth rate . Italy 's economy has been growing at only 0.3 % , he said , and most importantly is projected to grow at a similarly feeble rate for the next few years . "  This very low rate of growth really is one of the lowest in the world , " he said , "  and on top of that Italy has a very high public debt . " That debt stands at about 120 % of gross domestic product  GDP  -- or in other words , a fifth more than the country 's annual economic output -- and is one of the highest in the world , bar that of Greece , which has had to be bailed out by Europe . Put these two factors together in Italy and it "  becomes clear that the economy is not going to be able to generate enough resources to pay for its debt , " Lombardi said . Professor Iain Begg of the London School of Economics told CNN that while Berlusconi 's public return to the helm on the economy was welcome after a conspicuous absence , Italy 's mercurial prime minister is also a part of the problem . Italy under Berlusconi has failed to "  grasp the nettle of economic reform " to tackle low growth over a sustained period , Begg said . In addition , he said , Berlusconi erred in July by publicly criticizing Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti  who is himself troubled by corruption allegations  over recently announced austerity measures . "  As soon as you start playing these kind of games politically , the markets smell blood and as soon as they scent it , they start tearing flesh , " Begg said . He argues that Italy should not be in trouble in the first place because although its debt is high , it is not rising . Also , the public-sector deficit -- the gap between taxation and expenditure -- is very low at 4 % compared with other countries , such as 10 % in the UK and 11 % in the United States . Italy is n't exposed to the same kind of property bubble as Spain and its banking system is strong , Begg said . But other elements , like the new debt deals agreed for Greece , Ireland and Portugal , have paradoxically pushed up borrowing costs for Italy to record levels -- with bond yields , or interest rates on government debt , reaching 6 % -- and put it under greater pressure , he said . Unlike McWilliams , Begg believes Italy is highly unlikely to default on its huge debt -- but its situation is nonetheless "  precarious " if it wants to avoid years of low growth . And the picture is not altogether bleak . Unemployment in Italy , at just over 8 % , is not as high as in Spain or Greece , Begg said , giving more leeway for the government to carry out tough reforms and the economy to be turned round . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Strikes cause transport chaos in cities across the country , an Italian news agency reports The CGIL union calls for demonstrations in Rome , Florence , Milan and many other cities Italy is trying to bring down its public debt , which is 120 % of GDP Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi insists that the country can tackle the crisis
Budget Travel  -- Happy family cruises are all alike because they allow parents and kids to each be happy in his or her own way . A parent of a toddler , for instance , might be happiest with a cruise that provides trustworthy child-care services at flexible hours . Children , of course , have their own priorities . A teen , say , will probably want lots of activities for socializing after 10 P.M. Disney 's cruises top the list for families with younger children . We scoured the top cruise lines to find the best ones for children , grouping them by age group : infants and toddlers , kids ages 3 to 7 , ages 8 to 11 , and ages 12 to 17 . See our picks below . One thing : We have n't sailed every cruise available out of U.S. ports though we 're working on it . For activities we did n't have personal experience with , we relied on the knowledge of parents and teens with whom we 've talked about cruising , such as those who participated in our recent online chat about family cruising . Despite our connections , we may have overlooked some great activities . Let us know what we 've missed by e-mailing us at Letters@BudgetTravelOnline.com . Infants and Toddlers 1 . Disney Cruise Line The fully equipped nurseries are a dead giveaway : Disney 's ships outperform every other major cruise line in offering services for children who are at least 12 weeks old and less than 3 years old . It 's the little details that count . Each Disney stateroom has a bathroom with a bathtub , for instance . And , as every parent knows , a bathtub is easier to use than a shower when caring for infants and toddlers . Yet most other cruise ships only offer showers in their rooms , unless you purchase one of their costly suites . Topping it all off , Disney 's Magic and Wonder each have pools with separate filtration systems that allow diapered tots to swim . Disney stands out in this regard from most rival cruise lines , which generally prohibit diapers in all of their pools .  The fine print : Disney 's nurseries charge a fee of $ 6 per hour per child . A tip : Reserve the hours when you 'd like to leave your little one in the nursery as soon as you embark . 2 . Carnival Cruise Lines This is one of the few lines whose youth counselors change diapers when necessary . Carnival also stands out because its youth programs accept kids starting at age 2 . In contrast , most programs elsewhere require that children be age 3 and fully potty trained . An added plus is that after 10 P.M. Carnival 's ships offers group babysitting for children under age 2 . You can even rent strollers . Group babysitting for those under age 2 costs $ 6 per hour for the first child and $ 4 for each additional child . These prices also apply for group babysitting of toddlers who are more than 2 years old .  See the Carnival section , under Children Ages 3 to 7 below .  Stroller rentals : All Carnival ships rent strollers  both single and double ones  on board . The fee is $ 6 per day on the three - and four-day itineraries and $ 25 per cruise for lengthier trips . 3 . Holland America Line No matter that its youth programming does n't admit children under age 3 . Holland America still scores points for encouraging toddlers and parents to play together in groups at scheduled times . What 's more , Holland America joins Disney in being one of the few cruise lines to offer private babysitting for an hourly fee .  Private babysitting costs $ 8 per hour for the first child in a family and $ 5 per hour per sibling .  Here 's another nice gesture : If you 're traveling with an infant or toddler , tell your agent upon booking and he or she will send you a detailed request form so you can order baby food , diapers , and wipes . For a fee , this unique service delivers the food and other items to your cabin along with a mini fridge so that you do n't have to haul baby supplies to the ship .  The fine print : Parents must fill out an infant services order form 30 days prior to a North American sailing or 60 days prior to other sailings . Baby supply service fees : diapers , $ 1 each ; a pack of 80 wipes , $ 5 ; jars of baby food , $ 1 each ; and refrigerator rental , $ 2 per day . Children Ages 3 to 7 1 . Disney If your kids enjoy Disney characters and movies , they 'll love this cruise line . In a much more intimate setting than the Disney theme parks provide , you and your children can enjoy free meals with costumed characters , including tea with Wendy  from Peter Pan  . You can also see elaborate stage shows , such as Disney Dreams , that showcase popular Disney characters , like Captain Hook and Snow White . 2 . Carnival A family welcome aboard party and a kids ' talent show are but two examples of the long list of familiy activities this cruise line offers . Upstaging other cruise lines , Carnival offers the most hours of youth programs . And after its free youth program ends at 10 P.M. daily , group babysitting is available for an hourly fee until 3 A.M. nightly . Younger kids also enjoy the enthusiastic youth counselors who , on some ships , even let children paint their faces . 3 . Royal Caribbean International Here you 'll find a youth program , called Adventure Ocean , that excels at offering age-appropriate , hands-on activities , such as art projects , science experiments , and drama classes  developed in partnership with Camp Broadway  . On two specific ships Freedom of the Seas and Liberty of the Seas outdoor water parks attract youngsters . Children Ages 8 to 11 1 . Royal Caribbean This fleet of ships offers rock walls  as opposed to boulders  . The kids are harnessed in , and trained staff members hold the ropes for kids when they need to climb down . Non-climbing options include miniature-golf courses and ice-skating rinks on Royal Caribbean 's biggest ships .  The fine print : Kids must be at least 6 years old to climb walls , and parents must sign a waiver . Children ca n't climb the same route on the wall at the same time as their parents . If they want to climb with their parents , they need to climb next to the route that their parents are climbing . 2 . Princess Cruises Older grade school children enjoy Princess ' hands-on science program , run with the help of the California Science Center . Some fun projects include dissecting squid and constructing replica roller coasters  as part of a lesson on centrifugal force  . The youth program also offers plenty of group games and crafts that are n't tied to science . 3 . Disney The cruise ship Magic recently added a room called Ocean Quest , boasting a ship 's bridge simulator , which kids can use to pretend they are navigating a ship . The room is also packed with plenty of video games for multiple players . On the Magic and Wonder , kids ages 8 and 9 can visit the Oceaneer Lab , which offers lots of hands-on activities , such as science experiments and mock forensics . Teenagers Ages 12 to 17 1 . Royal Caribbean The staff on this fleet wisely splits teens into two groups : ages 12 to 14 and 15 to 17 . Each ship has a dedicated teen room . And six ships  Freedom , Liberty , Mariner , Navigator , Sovereign , and Majesty of the Seas  have as many as three teens-only areas : Fuel nightclub , Back Deck for outdoor sunning , and Living Room for hanging out . Activities include high-energy teen programming , such as scavenger hunts and a mock assassin game , plus outdoor facilities  especially on the cruise line 's largest ships  for surfing and playing basketball . A new popular activity is on-board surfing . The Liberty of the Seas and Freedom of the Seas each have a FlowRider . Kids or adults can ride a continuous wave , created by a six-inch sheet of water that rushes up an incline to keep surfers in position . The FlowRider is the exact opposite of ocean surfing , where you move with the wave . It 's like wakeboarding , without the boots and the lines . 2 . Carnival Over the past few years , this cruise line has revamped its programs for kids ages 15 to 17 . As a rule , each of its ships has a dedicated room for teens called Club 02 . The 1,000 -- 1,800-square-foot room boasts high-tech sound and lighting equipment . The room also features video games and movies on large-screen plasma TVs . Carnival is the only cruise line that lets kids ages 12 to 17 participate in shore excursions as separate teen groups , which go ashore under the leadership of a teen counselor . The cost of the teen shore excursions in the Caribbean , for example , range from $ 40 to $ 80 , depending on the tour and the port . 3 . Holland America All of this cruise line 's ships  except for the small Prinsendam  feature The Loft , a dedicated teen area that resembles an artists ' loft and features the Dance Dance Revolution video game and karaoke machines . On all ships except Maasdam , Noordam , Oosterdam , Zuiderdam , Westerdam , and Prinsendam , there 's a special passageway that connects The Loft to The Oasis , an outdoor hangout space for teens , which features a waterfall , a wading pool , a juice bar , and lounge chairs . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip to Finland - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2007 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Disney cruises top the lists for younger children Royal Caribbean more popular with older kids Carnival offers special shore excursions for teens
CNN  Put yourself in the shoes  and seventh-century black robes  of ISIS ' Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the mysterious boss of the terror group that is striking fear into the hearts of leaders around the world . In the past couple of years you 've managed to avoid drone attacks and survive civil wars , unify militant groups in two different countries under your banner , raise an army of jihadis from across the globe , and seize a chunk of land stretching from northern Syria to central Iraq . Your newly-declared "  Islamic State " is the size of Pennsylvania , so how do you govern it ? You compartmentalize . New data from the Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium  TRAC  has revealed that ISIS is putting governing structures in place to rule the territories the group conquers once the dust settles on the battlefield . The research shows how ISIS has gone from being a purely military force to building a system that can provide basic services , such as making sure that gas and food are available , to its new citizens . From the cabinet and the governors to the financial and legislative bodies , ISIS ' bureaucratic hierarchy looks a lot like those of some of the Western countries whose values it rejects -- if you take away the democracy and add in a council to consider who should be beheaded . Baghdadi , his Cabinet advisers and his two key deputies comprise the executive branch of the government , known as "  Al Imara . " The two deputies -- Abu Ali al-Anbari and Abu Muslim al-Turkmani , veteran Iraqi military officials who served under Saddam Hussein -- oversee Syria and Iraq , respectively . ISIS has probably split the governance of the "  Islamic State " into Syrian and Iraqi branches simply to make it easier to run , according to Jasmine Opperman , TRAC 's Southern Africa Director . "  They see the caliphate as one state , yet there are two different governments , " Opperman told CNN . "  I believe this split is purely administrative at this time . They do n't want to be seen as downplaying the caliphate , but to make it easier to govern they were forced to make a separation between Syria and Iraq . " The two deputies deliver orders to the governors in charge of the various sub-states in Syria and Iraq under ISIS control , who then instruct local councils on how to implement the executive branch 's decrees on everything from media relations and recruiting to policing and financial matters . The Shura council -- which reports directly to the executive branch -- is the caliphate 's religious monitor , appointed to make sure that all the local councils and governors are sticking to ISIS ' version of Islamic law . The recent murders of Western hostages James Foley , Steven Sotloff , and David Haines would have fallen under the Shura council 's purview , according to Opperman . "  Let 's say a significant execution is going to take place , something that will get ISIS on the front page of the newspaper , " Opperman said . "  It can not be done without Shura council approval . " The Shura council also has the power to censure the leadership for running afoul of its interpretation of Sharia law , according to Opperman . "  The Shura council has the right to tell Baghdadi to go if he 's not adhering to ISIS ' religious standards , " she told CNN . "  It would most probably never happen , but the fact that it 's possible indicates the council 's prominence . " Baghdadi -- who was once imprisoned by U.S. forces in Iraq -- seems to have incorporated the American military 's own counter-insurgency mantra of "  Clear and Hold " to win territory , establish control over the area , then get the locals to help govern it . As time goes on , ISIS is evolving into a government whose political decision-making can not be separated from its military capabilities , according to Opperman . "  It 's two sides of the same coin , " she said . "  We 've seen the military side , with the war cabinet that directs brigades . But now on the other side we 're seeing how ISIS wants to govern . The two processes inform one another . " READ MORE : Kurds push back ISIS in bloody battleREAD MORE : "  No ground troops in Iraq , " says ObamaREAD MORE : What 's with Baghdadi 's bling timepiece ?	New research reveals ISIS government structure in parts of Syria and Iraq Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , a former U.S. inmate in Iraq , is leader of so-called "  Islamic State " TRAC research shows ISIS ' evolution from military force to basic services provider Many ISIS officials , including key deputies , are Saddam Hussein-era military officers
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The debate about using technology to help referees has been re-ignited following a number of controversial decisions in the Champions League semi-final between Chelsea and Barcelona . The Hawk-Eye system is already widely used in tennis and has transformed the game . Sepp Blatter , president of FIFA , the game 's governing body , has consistently opposed the use of in-game video replays , but goal-line technology , to determine if the ball has crossed the goal line , has received more support . The Hawk-Eye system is extensively used in tennis , using cameras to calculate the trajectory of the ball . The system then uses the trajectory data to determine exactly where the ball has hit the ground , making it invaluable for marginal line calls . Using similar technology , Hawk-Eye Innovations , based in England , has developed a football system to determine if a goal has been scored . It again uses cameras to track the ball and computers to calculate its position . If the system detects that the ball has crossed the goal line a central computer transmits a signal to the referee via either a watch or earpiece . The system was tested at Premier League football club Fulham in 2006 and then at Reading 's training ground in 2007 . It was backed by the British Football Association and funded by the Premier League . Another goal-line technology , a microchipped football , was developed by Adidas and German firm Cairos Technologies . A microchip built into the football detects a magnetic field generated by underground cables in the penalty area . Like the Hawk-Eye system it uses a computer to send a signal to the referee 's watch when a goal is scored . The system was tested at the World Under-17 Championships in 2005 and the 2007 World Club Championship in Tokyo . The International Football Association Board  IFAB  , which decides the laws of the game , discusses new rules at an annual general meeting consisting of four representatives from FIFA and one each from England , Northern Ireland , Scotland and Wales . Explaining the IFAB 's decision , Blatter said the microchipped ball had failed in one of the seven World Club Championship matches because of interference to the signal sent to the referee and that it would be difficult to implement the chip technology in the many types of football used around the world . He added that it was not possible to ensure that the Hawk-Eye system worked in a crowded goalmouth , where players might block the cameras ' view of the ball . "  FIFA are of the opinion that the systems are very costly , would not add anything to the game and would harm the position of the referee , " the UK 's Press Association reported at the time . Do you think goal-line technology should be used ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below . But Hawk-Eye managing director Paul Hawkins told CNN that he believes FIFA has decided that it does n't want technology in football . "  I saw FIFA last week and told them that we can provide a system if they want it , but it 's very clear they do n't want the system , " he said . Hawkins said his company can not develop the technology any further without more testing in real stadiums , but that kind of testing requires FIFA 's consent . The idea that football 's governing bodies are opposed to more technology in football has been supported by statements from the sport 's governing bodies . In March 2009 , Blatter said in a statement : "  The IFAB believes that football is a game for human beings and , as such , we should improve the standard of refereeing - and not turn to technology . " Michel Platini , President of UEFA , European Football 's governing body , has expressed similar views . Instead of pursuing goal-line technology , the IFAB chose to trial the idea of having two extra match officials , one behind each goal . A FIFA spokesman told CNN that while the use of goal-line technology has n't been ruled out forever , even after recent refereeing controversies , the IFAB 's current position is to continue to experiment with extra officials . The IFAB 's decision means there will be no goal-line technology used in the Champions League final on 27 May , which means there is the potential for more refereeing disputes . "  Maybe there will be a controversial goal in the Champions League final and maybe the discussion over the technology will begin again , " Oliver Braun , marketing and communications director at Cairos Technologies told CNN . Hawkins agrees that it will take a controversial goal-line incident in a big FIFA match to get the IFAB to change their position , saying it took a series of contentious calls at the 2004 US Open for tennis authorities to seriously consider using the Hawk-Eye system . If that is the case , there will be some football fans hoping for plenty of goal-line drama come May 27 .	Debate over whether technology should be used to help referees FIFA is opposed to video replays but has considered goal-line technology Hawk-Eye system and microchipped footballs were rejected by IFAB Some feel it will take a big-match controversy to re-open the debate
CNN  -- Twice she has been felled by life-threatening illnesses -- a brain tumor and then cancer -- and twice Criquette Head-Maarek has recovered . For her , the secret to recovering full health is simple -- a love of horses . "  Horses were the cure when I was ill , " says the veteran trainer , a pioneering female figure in the male-dominated racing world . "  With the brain tumor , the doctor told me life was 50-50 , a one-in-two chance , " she added , reflecting on her first serious illness in 1990 . "  For me , that was enough of a chance to come back . It 's like a race , you 're never beaten until you cross the finishing line . " A month after surgery to remove the brain tumor , she was back working with the horses in her stable -- and did the same again following her cancer scare in 2005 . "  They were my drug , my cure , " says Head-Maarek , whose horse Treve will compete in Sunday 's prestigious Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in Paris , where she won by five lengths last year to claim European racing 's biggest prize . "  I 'm not scared of dying , I 've had a fantastic life and do n't have any worries . A lot of people have cancer and die young but I 'm 66 and have had a fantastic life . If I go , I go . I 'm in life to be positive and it 's important to be positive for the people around you . " Allied to Head-Maarek 's resilience are some impressive genes which suggest she wo n't be shuffling off This Mortal Coil anytime soon -- her father , the esteemed former trainer Alec , celebrated his 90th birthday in August and is still going strong . The family has been an integral force in French flat racing since William Head , a former English jockey , relocated to France towards the end of the 19th century . Their association with the Prix de l'Arc Triomphe began with his son , another William , who trained Le Paillon to victory two years after the end of the World War Two and again triumphed in 1966 with Bon Mot . In turn , his son Alec was a four-time winning trainer  1952 , 1959 , 1976 and 1981  while grandson Freddy rode four winners -- the last of which was his sister Criquette 's first success in 1979 , Three Troikas -- a horse owned by their mother . For Head-Maarek -- christened Christiane but known from an early age as Criquette after her parents took to the name of one of their friends ' daughters -- it was a remarkable start to her career as a trainer . It came barely a year after she had been awarded her horse-training license . Growing up , she rode on her pony to the stables each day with her father , telling him of her dream to follow in his footsteps . "  He just said , ` No , it would n't happen , ' " she recalls . "  You have to remember I was born in 1948 and there were no women trainers at all . That just did not exist . But from very young , that 's all I wanted to be . I worked my whole life for that . " Sent to boarding school in England to learn the language , she was miserable . Rather than study , she spent her time leafing through copies of Sporting Life to check the form and ensure she did not miss a trick in flat racing . A seven-year stint in Madrid from 1967 ensured she is trilingual , able to switch between the three languages as quickly as Treve 's turn of pace on the gallops . But she missed France , with the lure of home and horses proving too much . Her first equine job at home was as a bloodstock agent before becoming her father 's assistant and then applying for her license in 1978 , a female trailblazer along with compatriot Myriam Bollack-Badel , who applied for a license at a similar age and still trains today . Head-Maarek 's list of victories since have been impressive -- virtually every race imaginable on French soil , as well as a host of international ones , most notably in England with the 1,000 Guineas  four times  , the Coronation Stakes and the Champion Stakes . But the standout wins are the two Prix de l'Arcs , 34 years apart . "  When I won in 1979 , I did n't think when will I win it again ? " she says . "  I had horses that ran well some years but it was a case of if I win it , I win it . For me , it was no problem not to win it . It 's a hard race , the race that everyone wants to win . "  It 's the best race in Europe , actually for me it 's the best race in the world . Okay , there 's more money with the Dubai World Cup but this has got an aura that no other race possesses . It 's something special and , between my family , we 've been lucky to have won it a few times . " Head-Maarek finds it impossible to pick her favorite Arc winner , akin to picking a favorite child . She bought Three Troikas in England on behalf of her mother , while Treve -- the filly now owned by Sheik Joann Al Thani , a member of the Qatari royal family -- was bred by her father . "  I have had a few bad years so to then have Treve ... " she says trailing off , almost silenced by the impression arguably the best filly she has ever seen has had on her . Frankie Dettori , Joann 's jockey of choice , has been replaced by Thierry Jarnet , who rides Treve regularly and was on board for last year 's success . It was a difficult discussion with Dettori , who she calls "  a very nice boy that understood by point of view , " arguing the blow may have been softened by Treve 's relatively lackluster displays of late . "  Treve will go to the Arc whatever , " says Head-Maarek of the filly 's race chances at Longchamp . "  She is not what she was last year because she 's had problems with her foot and back . But she 's fine , she 's getting better . She is a fine champion whatever happens but how will she go ? I do n't know . " Whether Treve can become the first horse since Alleged , originally ridden by brother Freddy and father Alec , in 1978 to pull off a successful defense is the $ 5 million question in a race with a purse to match that sum . Head-Maarek insists she is not driven to match the four Arc wins of her father -- "  it 's difficult to do what he has done " -- and she still leans on him for advice as she always done . She still follows his old-school methods of feeding the horses just oats , carrots and artichokes and not using supplements . He , though , was reluctant to let her train , she says because of a fear she might fail , and he protected her in those early years . "  Everyone thought he was just training the horses so , when I made mistakes and they did n't run well , everyone thought it was him , " she says . "  Although with that he was also credited with the wins . But I did n't mind , I knew what I had done . "  For me , I do n't see him so much anymore but I will always listen to him . " Head-Maarek now has the full run of Le Quesnay , the Head base bought by her father and grandfather in 1958 . It was a rundown property , left to ruin after the Nazis and their commander for Normandy -- who used it as their base -- were eventually driven out of France . Even today , some of the bunkers remain . "  We could n't blow those up , " she says matter-of-factly . Her grandfather was virtually speechless when he first viewed the property , thinking it would ruin the family . But the entire site was rebuilt and has become a horse-racing empire in the intervening five and a half decades . She was 10 when she arrived there , for her it has always been home , a lifetime surrounded by horses , and not once has she ever felt claustrophobic in the equine world . A suggestion that she might ever have been tempted to escape such a life leads to a baffled response . "  Escape ?! No , I love it too much and there 's still so much to achieve . I want to win the English Derby and every year is different , " she says referring to Britain 's most prestigious race . "  I 'm not ready to stop . "	Criquette Head-Maarek remains a key figure in racing despite two serious health scares The trainer of last year 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Treve , she is once more aiming to win She is part of a racing dynasty that has been a dominant force in the Prix de l'Arc for decades Something of a trailblazer , she was one of the world 's first female racehorse trainers
CNN  -- Sunday morning 's trip to the train station was a little different for Nancy Montgomery as she dropped off her husband . "  The moon was different , leaving for the train at 10 minutes to six . The way we said good-bye was different , " Montgomery said . There was an extra kiss as she dropped him off , "  and there was such peace and quiet at the train station . He was the only one that got on in Cold Spring . " Her husband , Jim Lovell , boarded the Metro-North commuter train into New York and headed south , along the Hudson River , toward Manhattan . The audio contractor had planned to join a rehearsal for NBC 's lighting of the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree on Wednesday . Instead , he was one of four New York state residents killed when the train derailed at high speed in a curve in the Bronx . Along with Lovell , 58 , the victims included Donna L. Smith , 54 , of Newburgh ; James M. Ferrari , 59 , of Montrose ; and So Kisook Ahn , 35 , of Queens . Montgomery told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 that when Lovell did n't respond to two text messages she sent after hearing of the crash , "  I knew that he was one of the victims . " "  I did n't want to believe it , " she said . "  And you know , I kind of slowly made my way to my car and made my way down to the scene , but it was pretty clear to me . In my heart , I knew . " On NBC 's Today show , host Matt Lauer said Lovell was "  part of just about every big concert we ever had on our plaza . " "  Jim was a friendly and welcome presence around here he was also an enormously talented guy who always did his job with grace , " Lauer said . "  Even under extreme pressure , he was there working tirelessly with a smile on his face . " Montgomery called her husband -- who also leaves behind three sons and a daughter -- "  pure goodness . " And his eldest son , Finn , told CNN that Lovell "  was not a victim . " "  Jim Lovell was so much more than just a victim , " Finn Lovell said . "  He was a loving father , a great dad , best friend , uncle . Great co-worker , just always had had a smile on his face . I just want to say I 'm so proud and blessed that i was able to call him my father . "	Jim Lovell was one of four who died in the Bronx crash His wife says she knew he was dead when he did n't respond to texts Lovell "  was so much more than just a victim , " his son says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate voted Wednesday to move forward on a bill meant to crack down on oil speculators . Democrats say speculation in oil futures is a significant reason why oil prices have risen this year . But Republicans vowed to block the Senate from taking up any other measure until the Democratic leadership agrees to vote on other energy-related issues . Republicans want to offer up to 28 amendments to the bill on a wide range of energy topics , including increasing domestic oil production . The Democrats want to limit them to two amendments . "  This is not some arcane subject ; this is the biggest issue in the country , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  It 's on the floor now . We say , let 's deal with it . We 're not afraid to vote on their amendments , they should n't be afraid to vote on ours . Let the Senate work its will on the No. 1 issue in the country . " The Republicans said they would not prevent the Senate from taking up the housing bill passed earlier in the day by the House , although a final vote on that bill is not expected before the end of the week . Democrats oppose Republican measures to lift bans on offshore drilling and oil exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Reserve . See how gas prices have risen across the country " Republicans say the process would not be fair unless they can offer all of their amendments . Sen. Robert Menendez , a New Jersey Democrat , accused the Republicans of wanting to score political points rather than pass legislation . "  The problem with our Republican colleagues is that they want to debate , not act . ... Even when they are offered what they want , they say no . " Menendez suggested there was bipartisan support for measures meant to limit speculation , encourage conservation and provide tax credits for renewable energy . "  Why would you not move forward on the items that you have consensus ? " he asked . The disagreement between Republicans and Democrats could result in Congress leaving Washington for its monthlong recess in August without passing any measures to lower gas prices , which are averaging above $ 4 a gallon at the pump . Experts have said lifting bans on drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and offshore would not affect the oil market for several years , but Republicans have argued that the psychological effect of opening more areas for oil exploration would bring prices down . Sen. Byron Dorgan , D-North Dakota , one of the main sponsors of the bill , pleaded for Republicans to help "  wring excessive speculation " from the oil markets . He says speculation is responsible for 71 percent of the increase in a price of a barrel of oil this year . Some analysts say speculation has added between $ 40 to $ 60 dollars to a barrel of oil . But other experts have questioned the extent to which speculators -- rather than basic market principles of supply and demand -- have driven up the price of oil . Wednesday morning , a barrel of light , sweet crude was priced around $ 128 on the New York Mercantile Exchange , down from the $ 147 a barrel record set July 11 and the lowest price since June 5 . Dorgan said ending speculation in the oil market would be a sensible first step toward lowering gas prices that both sides of the aisle could agree to . Republicans "  have come up with a hundred excuses why they do n't want to do that , " he said . But Republicans say they want the opportunity to offer "  real " solutions that will lower energy prices , which includes more drilling to expand domestic production . See what factors are driving up the price of oil " "  The Republicans know that American people want us to do something real , something big , something important about the price of gasoline , " said Sen. Pete Dominici , R-New Mexico . "  And the only thing that we can do that is important is to release large quantities of crude oil and natural gas that are owned by American people and that have been locked up for 27 years in moratoria . " Dorgan , however , said the Republicans are trying to suggest Democrats are against additional domestic oil production , noting that there are millions of acres of federally controlled land and off-shore drilling sites that are open to exploration but have not been used by oil companies . "  It 's a false choice that the minority side says we should drill and that the majority side does n't , " Dorgan said . The bill in the Senate would provide more resources and authority to the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to detect and punish speculation . It would help stop speculators from using foreign markets to manipulate the price of oil in the United States , require more transparency in oil markets and limit the trading of market players who do not intend to receive the oil they purchase . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Debra Krajnak and Scott Anderson contributed to this report .	Bill would allow regulators to crack down on speculation in oil markets GOP wants to add 28 amendments to bill ; Democrats want to allow two Republicans say Americans want "  real " answers , which includes more drilling
CNN  -- With the holiday season upon us , what better time to take a luxury break and get away from it all -- and relax with a few rounds of golf . From volcanic islands to tropical paradises , wildlife sanctuaries and stunning mountain vistas , CNN has sought out courses that cater for the high end of the market . Here are five of the best resorts around -- let us know if we have missed off your favorite luxury golfing retreat : Mission Hills Hainan Resort  Haikou , China Situated in the volcanic region of Hainan Island , the resort houses a remarkable 10 golf courses , each incorporating the native lava rock formations . There are 518 guest rooms and suites , a three-story clubhouse , 12 restaurants , a fully-equipped sports and recreation center , an aquatic theme park , therapeutic volcanic mineral springs , a spa oasis and a shopping arcade . The Blackstone Course is earning a reputation as one of the world 's finest , and hosted the 2011 World Cup of Golf in November . A premiere suite will set you back a cool $ 500 a night , while a round of golf is $ 200 . St. Regis Princeville Resort  Kauai , Hawaii Perched on the northern shore of the island , this resort reopened in 2009 after a $ 100 million refurbishment . There are 252 rooms , of which 51 are ocean-view suites , and the resort incorporates 9,000 acres , providing stunning views of Hanalei Bay and its towering cliffs -- the setting for the movie South Pacific . On the golf front , there are 27 holes on the Makai course , with 18 having been completely renovated in 2010 . Rooms at St. Regis begin at a cool $ 375 per night , while the Makai course costs $ 220 per round . WaterColor Inn and Resort  Santa Rosa Beach , Florida Located in the Gulf of Mexico and recently named "  Best Hotel in Florida " by the readers of Travel + Leisure , the U.S. resort offers luxurious waterfront accommodation , restaurants , a full-service spa , and two of the sunshine state 's most celebrated golf courses . One of these is Shark 's Tooth , designed by golfing legend Greg Norman , which is a private course only open to guests at the resort . It costs a whopping $ 525 a night to stay in a beach-view room , with a round of golf at Shark 's Tooth setting you back another $ 95 . Pristine Bay Resort  Roatan , Honduras Located on a tropical island 35 miles off the coast of Honduras , the new Pristine Bay Resort is situated on a 400-plus-acre site adjacent to the Caribbean Sea . The world 's second-largest barrier reef provides a stunning backdrop to the Black Pearl Course , with the 120-room resort scheduled to open January 2012 . Residents and guests will have access to the ocean-front Bay Village with boutiques , art galleries , restaurants , cafes and other entertainment options . The cheapest rooms start at $ 300 a night , with a round of golf coming in at $ 150 . Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge  Alberta , Canada Set in the heart of the Rockies , this beautiful course is rated by SCOREGolf Magazine as the number one golfing resort in Canada . Elk , deer and wildlife are able to roam free on the UNESCO World Heritage Site , which opened in 1925 . Between May and October , the resort offers the "  Ultimate Buddy Trip " for eight or more people . At $ 3,125 per person it is n't cheap , but for your money you get a three-day/two-night stay in Milligan Manor -- the largest luxury cabin at Jasper Park Lodge -- two rounds of golf , a fly fishing excursion , whiskey tasting and a private outdoor barbecue with your own chef .	Pristine Bay Resort is situated on a 400-plus acre site adjacent to the Caribbean Sea on Roatan Mission Hills lies in China 's volcanic region of Hainan Island and has 10 golf courses Elk and deer roam free at Canada 's Jasper Park Lodge , a UNESCO World Heritage site
CNN  -- "  Game of Thrones " is heading into its season four finale with some pretty large expectations . Show runners David Benioff and Dan Weiss have already promised that Sunday 's season closer will be the series ' best yet , and Kit Harington -- aka Jon Snow -- is making that same bet . "  I think this could be one of the best episodes of ` Thrones ' we 've done , " Harington said at a June 11 screening of his new movie , "  How To Train Your Dragon 2 . " "  Usually the big impact episode is  the ninth  , and then we wrap everything up in the 10th . But this show does n't like doing what people think is going to happen ; we like changing things up , and it 's a lot that happens in this episode . It 's going to throw a lot of people , it 's going to be very exciting . " On "  Game of Thrones , " "  exciting " can also be a stand-in for "  bloody " and "  heartbreaking , " and chances are Harington 's tease will just make fans more nervous for season four 's final hour . Eerily titled "  The Children , " the 10th episode has a lot to wrap up . The penultimate episode , June 8 's action-packed "  The Watchers on the Wall , " was focused entirely on Castle Black up at the Wall , making room for several questions leading into the finale . To begin with , most fans want to know what will happen to Peter Dinklage 's Tyrion , who 's going into episode 10 staring down a death sentence . As one of the series ' most essential characters -- both for his centrality to the story and because of the welcome balance he brings -- it 's hard to imagine Tyrion meeting this unjust fate , but "  men meeting unjust fates " could be another tagline for "  Game of Thrones . " There 's also the question of where Arya Stark and the Hound will go from here , now that they 've learned the woman they 've been searching for this season is dead .  Cue poor orphaned Arya 's giggle-fit .  Will they continue their strange mentor-mentee relationship , and if so , what 's their next destination ? Meanwhile in Meereen , Daenerys Targaryen is now without her most-trusted adviser , Jorah Mormont , but she still has those dragons -- so what 's the next step in her game plan ? The promo for the season finale hints that at least Bran will find what he 's been searching for on his  seemingly endless  vision quest , but reveals little else about what 's to come for the rest of the crew .  There is another hint that Arya and the Hound may have a face-off with some unwelcome visitors , which might not bode well for the Hound and his neck wound . As for Jon Snow , he 's "  focused on being a leader " when episode 10 picks up , Harington teased to Elle magazine . After losing his wildling love , Ygritte , in episode nine , Snow is "  a much colder person after this . He loses a lot of whatever warmth he had , which , let 's face it , was n't a lot . There 's a lot of lessons he 's learned in this last episode about doing what you need to do to survive and surviving past losing your love is one of those things . At the beginning of episode 10 you see a very broken man . " And , contrary to popular belief , Snow does know something , the actor added . "  He 's not na  ve . He knew there was the possibility of seeing her die or her seeing him die at the battle . You know that thing when you break up with someone and you 're walking around the town where you both live and you 're just really hoping to see them ? You know that you 're not supposed to see them , but there 's nothing you want more . " Basically , Jon Snow could n't quit Ygritte , kind of like how we ca n't quit "  Game of Thrones " no matter how many heads explode . Yet it does n't seem we have to worry about the "  traitor bastard 's " head being on the chopping block . Next up for Harington , the actor said , is "  doing ` Thrones ' season five . " CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Show runners and star say the season four finale is the best yet It will have to answer a lot of questions after episode nine One thing is clear : the actor playing Jon Snow is headed for season five
