CNN  -- Christiane Amanpour will return to CNN with a weekday program on CNN International while continuing at ABC News as a global affairs anchor , the networks announced Tuesday . Amanpour will begin hosting a program on CNN International in 2012 as part of a "  unique arrangement " with ABC News , CNN Worldwide President Jim Walton said in an e-mail message to CNN staff . "  Christiane Amanpour has been synonymous with international reporting and with CNN for many years , " Walton said in a statement . "  We could not be happier that through this unique arrangement with ABC News , her experience and global perspective are returning to a nightly news broadcast for our international audience . " Amanpour , who left CNN in 2010 to become host of ABC 's "  This Week , " said in a statement that she was "  thrilled and honored " by the opportunity to host multiple specials for primetime ABC News and return to CNN . "  I am looking forward to getting back into the field to report stories on global issues that matter greatly to the American people , " she said . "  At the same time , I will be broadcasting once again to hundreds of millions of people across the world with a weekday show on CNN International . " Former "  This Week " host George Stephanopoulos will return to the program and continue his role as an anchor for "  Good Morning America , " ABC News spokesman Jeffrey Schneider said . "  Christiane has had an absolutely remarkable year at ABC News , with world-beating exclusives , " ABC News President Ben Sherwood said in a statement . "  We 're thrilled that she will be able to get back out in the field , bringing these important global stories back to our audiences , particularly primetime . " Amanpour spent more than 25 years reporting from around the globe for CNN . Most recently , she was CNN 's chief international correspondent and anchored "  Amanpour , " a 30-minute daily interview program that aired on CNN International from September 2009 to April 2010 . Her body of work has earned nine News and Documentary Emmys , four George Foster Peabody Awards , two George Polk Awards , three duPont-Columbia Awards , the Courage in Journalism Award , an Edward R. Murrow award , an inaugural Television Academy Honor and nine honorary degrees . In 2007 , Amanpour was made a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II for her "  highly distinguished , innovative contribution " to the field of journalism . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : ABC : Stephanopoulos will return to "  This Week , " continue at "  Good Morning America " Christiane Amanpour will host a nightly news broadcast on CNN International CNN Worldwide president : Her return is part of a "  unique arrangement " with ABC News Amanpour says she is "  thrilled and honored " by the opportunity
CNN  -- Authorities in Ecuador on Saturday extended a state of emergency indefinitely , an action that mobilizes the military to be in charge of securing the country instead of the police . The extension comes after President Rafael Correa was attacked by police on September 30 . The decree in the capital city of Quito was scheduled to expire Friday . Troops rescued Correa in a dramatic shootout with officers at a hospital , where Correa said he was held for more than 10 hours . Police officers have said they were angered by a new law that would take away their bonuses and reduce their compensation . Correa , who was roughed up and hit by tear gas , said the law would do no such thing and the police officers had not read it . He described the events as an attempted coup . However , a congressman from the opposition party told Colombia-based Caracol TV , a CNN affiliate , that the day 's events were provoked and planned by Correa . "  Everything was staged by the president to hide the extreme corruption and to hide the poverty , hunger and unemployment that have risen to an alarming level , " said Gilmar Gutierrez , a congressman and brother of former president Lucio Gutierrez , the man Correa claimed was behind the coup attempt . "  There was no coup , " Gutierrez said Monday . Interior Minister Gustavo Jalkh said at least four people were killed in the standoff -- two soldiers , a police officer and a university student . Nearly 200 others were injured in unrest throughout the country , authorities said .	Authorities extend the decree indefinitely It mobilizes the military to be in charge of securing the country instead of the police The extension comes after President Rafael Correa was attacked by police on September 30
CNN  -- As the April 15 income tax filing deadline approaches , the top tax expert at the National Association for the Self-Employed offers his best advice for business people who work for themselves . Keith Hall , a national tax adviser at the association , answers the tax question he is asked most often and talks about changes in tax rules for small-business owners . He also offers advice about how the self-employed can best avoid being audited by the Internal Revenue Service . CNN : What should self-employed taxpayers keep at the top of their minds this year ? Keith Hall : I think the most important thing to remember is that you have resources . The IRS is always changing information -- from automobile deductions , to alternative minimum tax limits , to net operating loss carry-forwards . It 's tough to keep up with , but you do n't have to remember it , because it 's all out there on the IRS Web site for you . Do n't forget , you 've got resources to go out and look for . CNN : What 's different this year for self-employed taxpayers ? Hall : Perhaps the most important thing unique to this year is there are so many businesses which were affected by the downturn in the economy , that the IRS has expanded opportunities for loss carrybacks . The definition of a loss carryback is if you had losses from your business in 2009 , then you may have the opportunity to then take those losses and offset income from previous years . That 's certainly something to look into if you had a tough year for 2009 , because it may give you the ability to recover taxes in more years -- namely five -- than you used to be able to , which is just two . So if that 's the situation that you find yourself in , certainly look into options for those loss carrybacks . It certainly can help you with the tax impact . More particularly , for those new to being self-employed or maybe even their first year filing a Schedule C , make sure you look for deductions that do n't appear in your business checkbook . It 's very easy to overlook deductions like the deduction for the home office that you use , deduction for the business use of your automobile -- those typically do n't show up in your business checkbook , so if you do n't know to look for them , they 're very easily overlooked , and that 's basically just leaving money on the table . CNN : What can self-employed workers do to avoid an IRS audit ? Hall : The No. 1 reason a small business gets audited or asked for additional information by the IRS is simple math errors -- the numbers simply do n't add up correctly on the form . Whether you use TurboTax or TaxCut or the IRS online filing , it 's a great idea -- particularly for the new small business -- to make sure you use that software package -- if nothing else -- just to make sure those math errors are eliminated . Do n't be too afraid of an IRS audit . Obviously , when people think in terms of the IRS , they get a little bit antsy . Nobody likes to get that letter in the mailbox on Saturday morning that 's got an IRS return address in the upper left-hand corner . But if you do , the best thing to keep in mind is pay attention to your tax return . Do the due diligence that you need to to avoid the little shortcuts of filling in numbers that you do n't have support for . If you just take the time to pay attention to the business and do the tax return the way you should , there 's nothing to be afraid of with that audit . So at a very minimum -- just to ease the stress of that potential letter you 're going to get form the IRS -- just make sure you take the extra time to use resources like nase.org , like the IRS Web site at irs.gov , and just make sure you dot your I 's and cross your Ts . And then , if you do get a request from the IRS , it wo n't be stressful . CNN : What are some important tax law changes for tax year 2009 ? Hall : Always be aware that every year , the IRS changes something . For example , automobile mileage : The new rate for 2009 is 55 cents . Make sure you get that one correct . The IRS always changes the adjusted limits for alternative minimum tax . For the standard itemized deductions , all those levels are adjusted for inflation . Make sure that you get those right numbers . Using an automated software program -- having that system in place -- will help you keep up with any of those changes that occur as a matter of course with the IRS every year . CNN : What 's the most frequent tax question you get asked ? Hall : The first question we typically get , particularly at tax return time , is "  What can I do right now to save money on last year 's tax return ? " Most tax planning ideas really end with the New Year 's Eve party . But the one thing you can do today to save money on your taxes for last year is to consider making a retirement plan contribution -- whether it 's a traditional IRA contribution , a self-employed pension plan contribution , lots of different ways to put money away for your own future . The IRS recognizes how important that is , and they 'll even give you a tax deduction for it . So you can actually reduce the taxes you have to pay right now , just by putting money away for your own future . That 's certainly something that should be considered . CNN : Should we expect future tax breaks for small businesses ? Hall : The current administration and both sides of the House and Senate all promote the growth of jobs through small business . The influences of small business in generating jobs -- which are more and more important these days -- is only going to increase the influence of small business . Whether it 's legislation for a standard home office deduction , which is pending , legislation for additional health credits and concentration on affordability for health care for the self-employed , which is also pending , there 's lots of legislation out there to benefit small business . The more and more small businesses we have , I think more emphasis in Washington and at the state level will focus on benefits for the self-employed .	Use IRS.gov to avoid mistakes , says top tax expert at advocacy group for self-employed How to save tax money right now ? Consider retirement contributions Look for deductions that do n't appear in your business checkbook Automobile mileage : The new deduction rate is 55 cents/mile
CNN  -- One week after 11-year-old Celina Cass was last seen , her body was found Monday by divers searching the Connecticut River , New Hampshire Senior Assistant Attorney General Jane Young said . "  We have brought Celina home , not the way we wanted to bring her home , " Young said early Monday evening . The girl 's father , Adam Laro , said he was heartbroken and grasping for answers after hearing the news . "  I ... ca n't believe what 's gone on , " Laro told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " show on Monday night . "  I have no fingers to point ... I hope there will be some answers , that 's what I 'm asking . " Young said that the case -- which had been considered a "  missing persons " case -- is now being investigated as a "  suspicious death . " No one has been arrested or named publicly as a suspect in what is now a criminal investigation . "  Based on what we have seen visually , we are treating it as suspicious , " the official said . Celina 's body was found around 10:30 a.m. Monday by divers from the New Hampshire Fish and Game Department near a hydroelectric plant outside West Stewartstown , New Hampshire , according to the attorney general 's office . Young described it as a "  routine search because of the proximity to  Celina 's  home , " about one-quarter mile away . The site is also near the Canadian border , where the Connecticut River forms the border between New Hampshire and Vermont . The discovery came a day after Laro -- who was in the hospital when Celina went missing -- said that he was like others "  wondering where my daughter is " and hoping she was safe . On Monday night , the father thanked all those authorities and residents who had put their time and effort into finding Celina . He said his memories of his daughter are "  beautiful , beautiful , just a wonderful hearted person . " "  She was  someone who was loving and caring to a lot of people , " Laro said . "  That 's how I would like to remember her . " Celina was last seen in her room , at her computer , around 9 p.m. July 25 , according to police . CNN affiliate WMUR reported that her parents told authorities the girl was gone when they went to wake her up Tuesday morning . Since then , local , state and federal investigators had searched for her and for clues about her whereabouts "  by air , by land , by water , " Young said Sunday evening . Young said on Monday that authorities , including FBI agents , had received nearly 500 tips prior to finding the girl 's body . She described investigators ' focus Monday around Celina 's home as "  routine , " after being asked about yellow crime tape there and the removal of a vehicle . The aim is to "  determine if we have any evidence " in places around where the girl was last seen alive . Young added that the discovery of the girl 's body should help authorities "  hone the investigation , so you will  still  see searches conducted in different areas . " An autopsy will be conducted on Celina 's body on Tuesday morning in Concord , New Hampshire , said Young . The medical examiner will work to determine the cause of the girl 's death . Celina 's father said that he had not spoken with his ex-wife , who lived in the house with the girl 's stepfather of about a year , since the girl went missing . He described his ex-wife as a "  great mother , " and added he had positive interaction with the stepfather . "  It was  a household that supposedly gave her great love , that 's what she always told me , " Laro said . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : The father of Celina Cass , 11 , describes her as "  beautiful " and loving NEW : He says Celina told him that her household "  gave her great love " The girl 's body is found in the Connecticut River , a N.H. official announces She adds that authorities now consider the girl 's death "  suspicious "
CNN  -- Willie Nelson is the latest act to cancel a concert at Orlando 's SeaWorld in the wake of CNN 's "  Blackfish " documentary . The legendary country singer 's decision comes after the Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies pulled the plug on their show at the Florida theme park . As with the Barenaked Ladies decision , Nelson 's cancellation may have been a response to an online petition started by fans on Change.org . "  As a fan who respects his activism for animals , the environment , and other good causes , I find this very disappointing , " Danielle Legg of Amherst , New York , wrote in her petition . "  If you 've seen the documentary Blackfish , you know why it 's so surprising . Please tell Willie Nelson you do not want him to support SeaWorld 's animal cruelty . " The petition gathered 9,000 signatures . SeaWorld spokesman Nick Gollattscheck confirmed Nelson 's decision not to sing at SeaWorld , but he cited reasons other than the documentary and petition . "  Due to scheduling conflicts , Willie Nelson will not be appearing at SeaWorld Orlando 's Bands , Brew & BBQ event in 2014 , " Gollattscheck said in a statement e-mailed to CNN Thursday night . Nelson and his representatives did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . When the Barenaked Ladies nixed their plans to play at SeaWorld last week , they explained that it was a decision made after viewing "  Blackfish . " "  This is a complicated issue , and we do n't claim to understand all of it , but we do n't feel comfortable proceeding with the gig at this time , " the band said on a Facebook post . "  The Seaworld folks have been gracious , and extended us invitations to the park to learn more about what they do , and how they do it . " SeaWorld responds to questions about captive orcas , ` Blackfish ' film A park spokesman told CNN that the Barenaked Ladies show had been taken off the theme park 's concert schedule . The decision to cancel the band 's performance came two days after drummer Tyler Stewart posted a tweet saying the group is "  looking at options " after viewing the documentary . The documentary -- which first aired on CNN in October -- tells the story of the SeaWorld trainer who was killed in 2010 by an orca named Tilikum . Fans launched an online petition asking the Barenaked Ladies to cancel . The group had just announced it would perform at SeaWorld 's Orlando park on February 15 during its "  Bands , Brew & BBQ " events . Mike Garrett of St. Catharines , Ontario , posted the petition on Change.org asking band members to watch "  Blackfish " and "  learn how SeaWorld and other captive display facilities such as Marineland in Niagara Falls have for decades exploited marine mammals solely for profit . " Garrett said he was "  disappointed " when he heard the group was scheduled to play there "  in light of all the horrific information we 're learning . " "  I 'm hoping to grab the band 's attention on this issue and ask them , on behalf of all their animal-loving fans , to reconsider performing there , " Garrett wrote . His petition gained more than 9,200 signatures . It worked . "  We here at Barenaked Ladies have made a decision based on what we feel . It 's not about money , or petitions , or press ... But it is about our fans , " the band said November 27 . "  We listen to them , and they 're important to us . " The park 's website does not list Barenaked Ladies on the schedule . February 15 and four other weekend dates just say "  Coming Soon . " Acts that are still listed on the calendar include Cheap Trick , REO Speedwagon , Martina McBride , 38 Special , Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery . SeaWorld challenges ban limiting interaction between whale and trainer CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	An online petition urging Nelson to cancel the SeaWorld show got 9,000 signatures Nelson 's cancellation comes a week after the Barenaked Ladies canceled SeaWorld blames "  scheduling conflicts " for the cancellations Fans who saw CNN 's "  Blackfish " documentary posted petitions on Change.org
CNN  It was a ding , just a "  minor concussion , " that got Chris Borland thinking that playing football might not be worth the millions that come with being an NFL player . Borland was a rookie linebacker in his first training camp in August when he got his "  bell rung , " he told ESPN 's "  Outside The Lines . " What did he do ? He kept playing that day , and through an excellent rookie season . But the thought of the permanent damage that might be happening to him kept nagging at him . He talked to his teammates and family , read about concussions and their effects , each day coming closer to the decision that he finally announced this week . At age 24 , not even yet in his prime as an NFL player , Borland told his team he was retiring because he was worried about the long-term effects of head trauma . "  I just honestly want to do what 's best for my health , " he told ESPN . "  From what I 've researched and what I 've experienced , I do n't think it 's worth the risk . ... I 'm concerned that if you wait  until  you have symptoms , it 's too late . " It was after that self-described "  minor concussion " in the preseason that Borland threw himself into researching what had happened to other football players . In the end he did n't want to leave his teammates in a bind , but , "  I know this is right for me . " He said teammates ' reactions to his retirement were mixed . One of his best friends told him that he was crazy to walk away from the money . Borland , a third-round pick from Wisconsin , had signed a nearly $ 3 million contract for four seasons with the San Francisco 49ers and banked a $ 600,000 bonus . The guys who wanted him to come back would say to the 49ers top tackler , "  That 's a lot of money . Why do n't you get your money and get out , " Borland recounted to ESPN . The thought made him uncomfortable because he does n't want to do anything just for a big paycheck . He did n't want to be wrong when it comes to this : "  Who knows how many hits are too many ? " Borland is one of a handful of players to retire young but possibly the first to retire before concussions became an issue for him . He 's also now part of a shift in thinking about what repeated head injuries can do to an athlete . Reports show an increasing number of retired NFL players who have suffered concussions developed memory and cognitive issues such as dementia , Alzheimer 's disease , depression and chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE . "  For me , it 's wanting to be proactive , " Borland said . "  I 'm concerned that if you wait  until  you have symptoms , it 's too late . There are a lot of unknowns . I ca n't claim that ` X ' will happen . "  I just want to live a long , healthy life , and I do n't want to have any neurological diseases or die younger than I would otherwise . " Passionate reactions to his decision came quickly , with many supporting him . Others say that while the move might be smart for Borland , and even encourage other players to speak out and stand up for their health , there will always be plenty of guys eager to replace players like him . Borland told ESPN that he was n't saying no one should play football . He said youth players and their parents should do things : 1  Get informed about concussions and 2  Never let anyone play Last August , thousands of former NFL players and their families reached a deal in a class-action suit that called for the NFL to cover the cost of concussion-related compensation , medical exams and medical research for retired players and their families . The suit alleged that the NFL deliberately misled players about scientific data that the medical community had found about the risks associated with concussions . In July 2014 , a federal judge granted preliminary approval to the landmark deal but she has yet to give final approval to the settlement . Chris Dronett was one of the plaintiffs . Her husband , former Denver Bronco Shane Dronett , committed suicide in 2009 when he was 38 . After his death , scientists found evidence of CTE in his brain . Borland named three players he said made him rethink a life in the NFL . "  I 've thought about what I could accomplish in football , but for me personally , when you read about Mike Webster and Dave Duerson and Ray Easterling , you read all these stories . And to be the type of player I want to be in football , I think I 'd have to take on some risks that as a person I do n't want to take on , " he said . Webster had a career with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Kansas City Chiefs from 1974 to 1990 . He was the first former NFL player to be diagnosed with CTE . After he retired , he was diagnosed with amnesia , dementia , depression , and bone and muscle pain . He was 50 when he died . Duerson killed himself with a gunshot to the chest . He had sent a text to his family asking that his brain be sent to Boston University School of Medicine , which was researching CTE . BU neurologists confirmed the NFL veteran had the disease . Easterling , who played eight seasons with the Atlanta Falcons , committed suicide in 2012 . He apparently suffered dementia . An autopsy revealed he had CTE . Some on social media said Borland 's decision made them think about former NFL linebacker Junior Seau . He was 43 when he was found dead with a gunshot wound to the chest . Friends and family members say multiple concussions were to blame for the suicide , but an initial autopsy report found no apparent brain damage . Portions of Seau 's brain were sent to the National Institutes of Health , which found "  abnormalities ... that are consistent with a form " of CTE . He will be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame this summer . The NFL has reported that in 2013 , 228 concussions were diagnosed from practices and games . At least 261 were diagnosed the previous year , the league said . In its statement about Borland 's retirement , Jeff Miller , the NFL 's senior vice president for health and safety , said : "  We respect Chris Borland 's decision and wish him all the best . Playing any sport is a personal decision . By any measure , football has never been safer and we continue to make progress with rule changes , safer tackling techniques at all levels of football , and better equipment , protocols and medical care for players . " Miller added that the league understands there is more work to do to improve player safety . Complaints keep coming . In July of last year , ex-NFL players Christian Ballard and Gregory Westbrooks filed suit against the NFL Players Association , alleging the union withheld information about head injuries . Opinion : Why are these NFLers retiring early ? CNN 's Jill Martin contributed to this report .	Chris Borland tells ESPN that "  I know this is right for me " San Francisco 49ers linebacker quits , citing players with concussion disorder , says he wants to "  be proactive " Some former players who suffered from conditions related to concussions have committed suicide
CNN  -- Defending champions Inter Milan face the prospect of losing the Italian league lead to their bitter city rivals after being held 1-1 by Palermo in Sicily on Saturday evening . Jose Mourinho 's team could not reproduce the form that saw them so convincingly knock his former team Chelsea out of the Champions League on Tuesday . Inter moved two points clear of second-placed AC Milan , who can go top of Serie A for the first time this season with victory against Napoli on Sunday . The Nerazzuri took the lead after only 11 minutes against Palermo , with Argentina forward Diego Milito scoring a penalty after Lucio was fouled by Cesare Bovo . But Edison Cavani leveled just 13 minutes later after good work by Fabrizio Miccoli , earning a point that put Palermo two points ahead of Juventus in fourth place and extended their unbeaten home run to 23 matches . Inter , who had a 10-point advantage over Milan earlier in the season , have now won just once in their last seven league matches . Roma consolidated third in the table with a 4-2 win at home to Udinese , moving to within four points of Inter , who they face next weekend . Montenegro striker Mirko Vucinic scored a hat-trick , with two goals in the final 25 minutes killing off the visitors after Antonio Di Natale had drawn them level with a second-half double . Fiorentina moved to within a point of seventh-placed Genoa after crushing the Rossoblu 3-0 at home with goals from Mario Santana , Alberto Gilardino with a penalty and teenage substitute Khouma Babacar .	Inter Milan face prospect of losing Italian league lead to their bitter city rivals Defending champions move two points clear of AC Milan , who face Napoli on Sunday Palermo go two points ahead of Juventus in fourth place Roma consolidate third place with 4-2 victory over Udinese with Mirko Vucinic treble
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- A suicide bomber detonated explosives outside the Mogadishu office of Somalian Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon on Tuesday , his spokesman said . The spokesman , Garad Salad , could not immediately say whether the explosion resulted in casualties . But eyewitnesses said a security guard was killed while trying to fight off the bomber . The blast shattered windows of nearby buildings and left two others wounded , witnesses said . No one claimed responsibility for the attack and it was unclear if Shirdon was in his office during the time of the attack . Shirdon , an economist who used to run an import business in neighboring Kenya , was named prime minister in October . When he accepted the position , Shirdon told the parliament that his government will do more to ensure the security of the country and to fight against terrorism and piracy . Somalia plunged into chaos after dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown 21 years ago . Following his ouster , clan warlords and militants battled for control , sparking a civil war and mayhem nationwide . The nation since then has mostly been under a shaky transitional federal government . No group immediately took responsibility for the attack .	It is unclear if there were any casualties , the spokesman says But witnesses say a security guard was killed Abdi Farah Shirdon was named PM in October
CNN  -- Inside her Oxford , Ohio , kindergarten classroom , Christine Milders has 24 cubbies , 24 tables and 24 seats . It 's a perfect fit for her 24 little students , no more . But come next fall , she expects that number will grow to 30 . That 's when forced federal spending cuts , also known as the sequester , will kick in and start chipping away at education funding . "  Where will I put six more students ? " Milders asked . "  My young learners come to my classroom with little or no school experience . I not only need to meet their academic needs , but their social and emotional needs as well . " The government is set to cut $ 85 billion through the end of the fiscal year , September 30 . Of that money , $ 2.5 billion will be coming out of the Department of Education 's $ 70 billion budget . Uncertainties surround how these large cuts will affect schools , because the decisions will be made on the state and local levels . But with budget cuts looming , many teachers like Milders are wondering what 's left to cut . Milders , who has taught kindergarten for 17 years , worries that more cuts to education will not only affect her students ' ability to learn and grow , but also fears she will eventually be replaced by a younger and cheaper teacher , as she put it . "  It happens often , " she said . The 42-year-old teacher is certified to teach kindergarten through eighth grade , but she said because her pay is tied to students ' test results , it is difficult for her to move to higher grades . With the often short notice , it 's tough to be adequately prepared to prep her students for state tests . "  Many times teachers are not told what grade or building they will be teaching until as little as a day or two before classes begin , " she said . Similarly , Phil Dietrich , a newcomer to teaching from Portage , Indiana , also said he feels left in the dark . The fifth grade teacher said it is hard for him to predict how forced spending cuts overall will affect him and his students . "  In the past , my district has tried to keep budget cuts as far from the classroom as possible . In other words , they have -- and I 'm sure will continue to -- make every effort to meet their federal obligations while preserving as much personnel as possible . " But despite his district 's previous attempts to keep teachers and staff after budget cuts , the 33-year-old is worried that schools will still be forced to cut vital resources for teaching . While he 's sure many professions have suffered from tightening budgets , he 's scared for his students . "  I worry that technology which prepares students to compete globally will be seen as luxuries , not necessities , and thereby put our students behind the eight-ball , " he said . Dietrich 's worry is justified . American students are lagging behind their international peers in other countries , ranking 25th among 34 countries in math and science , according to the 2009 Program for International Student Assessment . A study published in 2012 by Harvard University 's Program of Education and Governance found that students in industrialized foreign countries were outpacing American students academically . Countries like Slovenia , Colombia and Lithuania were making education gains twice as fast as U.S. students . Dietrich said he has seen how previous budget cuts affected his school when teachers ' aides were let go . To help curb spending , he tries to be more judicious with his limited school supplies . "  Everyone is affected . We 're not alone , " he said . "  If I had time in the midst of all my other grading to grade Congress ' handling of this sequester , they would get an ` incomplete . ' " But Congress is not the only player with something to lose in the budget cut battle ; President Obama is feeling the pressure , too . Earlier this month , Obama 's approval rating took a brief hit because of the budget sequester , dropping from 53 % to 49 % in the polls , according to Gallup . Dietrich is disappointed in Washington for letting the budget situation get this bad . "  What I would like Congress to cut is the political theater that has in many ways led to this day , " he said . "  I see the spending cuts as being symptomatic of a much deeper problem . " Like Dietrich , Vincent Ferraiolo is more concerned with what forced spending cuts will mean for his students than his paycheck . He and his wife are both teachers in Moseley , Virginia , and for the past four years , he said , teachers in his area have endured 2 % to 3 % cuts to their salary . "  So many of us are right on the edge financially that just 50 to $ 100 is enough to really hurt , " he said . In the past 30 years , teachers have seen their salaries shrink . On average , teachers make 14 % less than other professionals who work in jobs that require a similar level of education , according to the Economy Policy Institute . Even though the 48-year-old science teacher is n't concerned about his own teaching salary , he fears budget cuts will start trickling into his classroom , where he teaches a handful of special education students . A loss in funding could mean he could lose his "  collaborative teacher ; " the two work together so they can spend adequate time with each student individually . Joshua Saunders also teaches special education students and said he is outraged after learning that forced spending cuts could potentially affect them . "  I do n't think cutting special education works with any political ideology , " said the 26-year-old teacher from Baton Rouge , Louisiana . President Obama warned Congress that forced spending cuts would affect special education students and people with disabilities . Special education programs could lose $ 840 million because of the cuts and 7,200 special education teachers , aides and staff members could lose their jobs . Saunders has already seen the aftermath of previous budget cuts in his area ; he only works four days a week . That happened in 2011 after the district cut one special education position and a teaching position at his school in St. Helena Parish . As a result , the ratio of students to teachers at each grade level is approximately 25 to one , he said . In a two-hour reading block , Saunders used to spend six minutes with each of his 20 students . But add five children to his classroom , and that gives him less than five minutes per child . "  We all need more than that ; 4.8 minutes per kid is not a recipe for success , " he said . "  I understand fiscal responsibility is important . But these are n't blind cuts , " he said . "  I see them every day . And I think other people need to see them , too , " he said . Phoenix teacher Bettina Bennett loves her job , but like Saunders , she hates how education always seems to be on politicians ' chopping block . "  It 's a bipolar world we 're living in , " she said . "  On the one hand , lawmakers are mandating that we up our standards , while on the other they 're cutting funding . " In her area , the way teachers are evaluated is changing . Arizona is not alone . More than 23 states are tying teachers ' salaries to students ' test scores . "  Bottom line is standards are changing , evaluations are changing -- and this is an even bigger deal when you consider we have n't seen salaries keep up with inflation -- while those who control our laws and our budgets are winning elections claiming they will get more accountability , more results out of us while shaving away dollars , " she said . As a high school journalism and film teacher , she worries that elective courses will be the first programs let go because of forced spending cuts . "  Add the federal cuts to state and local  cuts  and our future does n't look so bright , does it ? " But Milders , the kindergarten teacher from Ohio , said the outlook for teachers does n't have to be so grim if the right cuts are made . She suggested Congress look into cutting school days from five to four . "  Longer days I know , but we could save on electric , water , food , fuel for buses , hourly employees . And let 's share administrators , " she said . When she was younger , Milders dreamed of being a teacher , but it 's a profession she is struggling to stick with as fears of more budget cuts threaten an already shrinking department . "  Those of us who became teachers to help children realize their full potential as learners are not just frustrated , we are heartbroken . "	The federal government is set to cut $ 85 billion this year because of the sequester $ 2.5 billion will be cut from the Department of Education 's budget Teachers are unsure how these budget cuts will affect them and their students Many teachers say they are fed up with Washington putting education on chopping block
CNN  -- In most places , when 16 people are gunned down , the local media reports the incident without missing a beat . But when the massacre described above happened last weekend in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , the editors of the city 's largest daily newspaper had to have a long discussion before deciding to cover and investigate the story . As drug cartel violence continues unabated throughout Mexico , journalists find themselves walking a thin line between covering the story and becoming part of it . Already this year , three journalists have been killed in Mexico , reaffirming the country 's place as one of the most dangerous in the world for journalists . The drug violence "  generates fear , even if you do n't like to admit it , " Pedro Torres , deputy editor of El Diario de Juarez told CNN . Drug cartels have targeted reporters and editors who report on their activities , something that gives editors pause before reporting on incidents likely linked to the cartels . After discussion , the Juarez newspaper decided to investigate the gruesome slayings that happened over the weekend , but are aware of what that means . "  We are always trying to investigate , but when you get too deep you draw a reaction , " Torres said , referring to threats from drug traffickers . "  In this case , we are trying to dig as deep as possible . " However , if the paper 's efforts are met with "  reactions , " they will have to back down , he said . It is a form of self-censorship that many media outlets in Mexico have accepted out of concern for the safety of their staffs . Sometimes , cartel members will call the newspaper to try to get reporters to not write about certain incidents ; other times they push for certain stories to be included . "  There 's pressure from all sides , " Torres said . In January , a crime reporter for the Zocalo newspaper in Saltillo , Mexico -- Valentin Valdes Espinosa -- was kidnapped . He was found dead shortly after , his body showing signs of torture and with several bullet wounds . . According to the Committee to Protect Journalists , Valdes Espinosa was found with a message that read : "  This is going to happen to those who do n't understand . The message is for everyone . " Less than two weeks later , authorities in the state of Sinaloa found the body of another journalist who was kidnapped in December . Jose Luis Romero 's body also showed signs of torture , CPJ reported . The most recent victim was Jorge Ochoa Martinez , a Mexican editor and publisher of two papers in the western state of Guerrero who died last week after being shot in the face , according to local media . The state attorney general 's office told CNN Wednesday that there were two leads in the investigation , but that authorities were not ready to talk about them publicly yet . "  Obviously , for this year , it 's already an alarming figure , " Anthony Mills , press freedom manager for the International Press Institute in Vienna , Austria , told CNN . "  There appears to be no end in sight . " "  Although journalists continue bravely to do their jobs , the fact of the matter is that the systematic killing of journalists is going to have an effect on the job that journalists do , " Mills added . Compounding the problem , Mills said , is either the inability or unwillingness of Mexican authorities to investigate violence against journalists . The Juarez paper had a reporter killed in 2008 . Federal and local authorities visited the newspaper office and vowed to bring the killers to justice , "  but in the end , nothing happens , " Torres said . The case of the Juarez reporter , Armando Rodriguez , remains unsolved . Agustin Lozano , editor-in-chief of El Bravo newspaper in Matamoros , Mexico , across the border from Brownsville , Texas , said excessive caution has become the norm for reporting crime . "  I do n't want heroes here at my newspaper because it could be dangerous , " Lozano told CNN . "  We are reporters , we are not police . " Matamoros has not seen as much violence as other border cities , but it is the home of the Gulf cartel . Out of an abundance of caution , Lozano 's newspaper reports only on incidents that the police department gives news conferences or press releases about . Lozano said journalists are just the messengers who are getting caught in the middle of a conflict that is international in scope . Mexico , as a transport country for drugs , and the United States , as a consumer of drugs , have to work together to resolve the trafficking problem before journalists and others can be safe , he said . In the meantime , "  there is no security , no guarantees . " Despite the challenges and dangerous environment , Torres , the editor in Juarez , remains hopeful . "  Our goal is to return to doing the type of journalism we were doing two years ago , " before the violence there escalated , he said .	Three Mexican journalists have been killed so far in 2010 Says one editor : Drug violence "  generates fear , even if you do n't like to admit it " News groups must be cautious when investigating slayings linked to drug cartels Journalists say cartels pressure them to drop some stories , cover others
Financial Times  -- Brazil 's president Dilma Rousseff has launched a R$ 133bn  $ 65.6 bn  stimulus package to spur investment in the country 's creaking infrastructure and shore up ailing investor confidence in the world 's second-largest emerging market economy . In the first of what are expected to be a series of announcements in the coming weeks , Ms Rousseff said the government would sell concessions in nine highways and 12 railways before moving onto other areas of infrastructure . "  We are starting with railways and roads but obviously we will take care of airports , ports and waterways , " Ms Rousseff told a gathering of politicians and leading businessmen in BrasÃlia . Brazil 's economy has slowed to a crawl over the past 12 months as inadequate infrastructure including roads and ports and a shortage of skilled labour has raised costs and stifled industry . The economy expanded 7.5 per cent in 2010 , the fastest pace in more than two decades , but last year slowed to 2.7 per cent and this year is expected to grow 2 per cent or less . Among the initiatives , the government will sell rights for private companies to operate 7,500 km of roads and 10,000 km of railways . The measures would double the capacity of the country 's main highways , transport minister Paulo Passos said at the event . Of the total investment , R$ 79.5 bn would be spent within five years and the remainder over 25 years . Funding would be largely at favourable terms from the state development bank , BNDES . Bret Rosen , senior credit strategist for Latin America at Standard Chartered , said the move was a step in the right direction , with infrastructure bottlenecks posing one of the biggest obstacles to faster growth in Brazil . But he added : "  The easy thing is making the announcements , the harder thing is execution , and the track record not just of Brazil but of Latin American countries in general is pretty poor on infrastructure . " The cost of exporting a container from Brazil is more than double that of China and 1.5 times that of India while the country 's ports are notorious for delays . But other analysts hailed it as the start of a new era for Brazil . "  With a government willing to make politically difficult decisions ... this downturn may end up being a boon for Brazil in its quest for global economic status , " Stratfor , the political intelligence agency , said . The centre-left coalition government led by Ms Rousseff 's Workers ' party has traditionally been opposed to privatizations . But she has proven pragmatic in the face of infrastructure bottlenecks . Earlier this year , her government awarded projects to redevelop and operate three major airports to private sector-led consortia in a bid to speed up preparations for the soccer World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics two years later . "  Since last Sunday , we have been an ` Olympic country ' , " Ms Rousseff said on Wednesday . "  We are in a countdown to the games in 2016 . " Economists warned , however , that the infrastructure measures announced on Wednesday would have little short-term impact on the economy . "  This is a plus for the long-term but it does n't improve the growth prospects in the short-term , " said David Beker , Brazil economist with Bank of America Merrill Lynch . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Brazil 's president Dilma Rousseff has launched a R$ 133bn  $ 65.6 bn  stimulus package Aims to spur investment in the country 's creaking infrastructure and shore up investor confidence
CNN  -- After two successive defeats , and with his proud unbeaten home English Premier League record at stake , Jose Mourinho was never going to take any chances . The shock losses against Everton and Basel brought a brutal end to the Special One 's second honeymoon at the club , and he responded by making the changes he thinks are necessary to overhauling the team 's playing style . So neither Juan Mata , the club 's two-time player of the year , nor the skilled-but-error-prone defender David Luiz even featured in Saturday 's squad to face London rival Fulham . Back came captain John Terry , a defensive stalwart in Mourinho 's first Chelsea reign but a peripheral figure last season , along with John Obi Mikel -- a defensive midfielder that the Blues worked so hard to steal from under the nose of Manchester United back in 2006 . And those two combined to seal a 2-0 victory that ended a run of four games without a win , which had contributed to Chelsea 's worst start to an EPL campaign since Russian owner Roman Abramovich took over in 2003 . Terry headed down an 84th-minute corner and Mikel hooked the ball into the net -- the Nigerian 's first league goal in 185 games . That relieved the pressure on Mourinho , indeed putting his team top of the table on goal difference ahead of Sunday 's Manchester derby and other games involving top-four hopefuls Arsenal and Tottenham . This was Chelsea , which had more than $ 150 million worth of talent on the substitutes ' bench , winning ugly . It came against a struggling Fulham team that has not won since the opening day of this season , and has not beaten Chelsea since March 2006 -- or won at Stamford Bridge since 1979 . "  After a bad start that everybody kept telling me is the worst start for about a decade , today I go to bed and look at the table : nobody is in front of us , " Mourinho said after the match , having extended his unbeaten home record in the EPL to 63 matches . "  I 'm in football for a long time and when results are not good I 'm not expecting people to speak well about our team . I 'm building a different team , the most difficult thing is first to change the philosophy . That takes a little bit of time . "  We are not playing especially well , the results are not especially good , but the beauty of the Premier League is that everybody loses points , so no dramas . I have to say , I never worked so hard as I 'm doing this season with this group of players . " Part of Mourinho 's problem has been the dilemma of trying to find a place for his wealth of attacking talent . He made it clear before the match that he sees Oscar -- not Mata -- as his No. 10 behind the sole striker , and it was the Brazilian who settled Chelsea 's nerves after a poor first half . Oscar netted his second goal this season in the 51st minute , scrambling in from close range after two less-than-convincing parries by visiting goalkeeper David Stockdale -- who , incidentally , was one of the few EPL players this weekend to wear rainbow laces in support of an anti-homophobia campaign . "  I want to play Mata and Oscar , but Juan has to work and adapt to a certain style of play because I 'm not ready to change Oscar 's position , " Mourinho said . "  Juan has to learn to play the way I want to play , be more consistent . " With last week 's 2-1 Champions League defeat at home to Swiss side Basel echoing the draw with Rosenborg that marked the end of his first Chelsea tenure in 2007 , Mourinho has a lot of hard work to return to the glory days of his successive EPL crowns in his first two seasons at the club . "  The result was better than the result against Everton , but I think we played much better against Everton than we did today , " he conceded . Meanwhile , previous leader Liverpool crashed to a 1-0 defeat at home to Southampton , its first reverse this season . Croatia international defender Dejan Lovren headed home Adam Lallana 's corner eight minutes after halftime to clinch the visitors ' second win this season , having been the last team to beat Liverpool in the league -- at home back in March . Everton built on the win over Chelsea by coming from behind to win 3-2 at West Ham , scoring twice after home midfielder Mark Noble was sent off to be the EPL 's only unbeaten team with two wins and three draws Noble had put West Ham 2-1 ahead with a penalty , but received a second booking with eight minutes to play -- which allowed England defender Leighton Baines to fire in a second superb free-kick . Two minutes later on-loan Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku headed in the winner , having come on as a halftime replacement , despite a collision with West Ham 's Joey O'Brien that left the Belgium international needing lengthy treatment . Promoted Hull moved up to mid-table with a 3-2 win at Newcastle , thanks to a 76th-minute volley from Nigerian forward Sone Aluko . On-loan France striker Loic Remy had twice put Newcastle ahead , but his goals were canceled out by Robert Brady and Ahmed El Mohamady . Sunderland stayed bottom after a third successive defeat , with the club 's former striker Stephane Sessegnon scoring West Brom 's opening goal in a 3-0 victory . Aston Villa bounced back from three successive defeats by winning 1-0 at Norwich , as new Czech striker Libor Kozak netted the only goal after the home side 's Robert Snodgrass missed a penalty .	Oscar and John Obi Mikel score in Chelsea 's 2-0 win at home to Fulham Jose Mourinho 's team goes top of the EPL on goal difference Mourinho drops fan favorite Juan Mata and brings back John Terry Previous leader Liverpool suffers first defeat this season
CNN  -- We could all learn a few things from Monica Lewinsky , and when you read the essay she penned for Vanity Fair , "  Shame and Survival , " you undoubtedly will -- maybe even about yourself . That is , judging by the excerpts of her article , which the magazine released Tuesday , ahead of publication . Most of the world will be looking for the salacious details of her "  consensual relationship " with President Clinton . As many will recall , that affair began in 1995 and when news of it broke in 1998 , it became a global story . It almost took down the President -- he was impeached -- and sent Lewinsky into such an isolated state of hell , she writes , that she had suicidal thoughts at times and a "  fear that I would be literally humiliated to death . " Frankly , when you consider just how intense , relentless and abusive the Lewinsky bullying has been for the past 16 years -- by the media , the politicians , the public and trolls on the Internet , it 's a wonder she had the psychological stamina to resist those suicidal thoughts . And thank God she did . Lewinsky on Clinton affair : ` Time to burn the beret and bury the blue dress ' You ca n't underplay how huge the news of the Lewinsky-Clinton affair was at a time when the Internet was n't only used for trolling celebrities ; it had such an impact in the public arena that there are people who are still making money off it . The founder of the Drudge Report , Matt Drudge , broke the story of the affair on his then mostly unknown website in 1998 ; the story put him on the map . In 2014 the site averages more than a billion page views a month . When Barbara Walters interviewed Lewinsky in 1999 on "  20/20 , " a record-breaking 70 million viewers tuned in . While the media pointed fingers at "  that woman , " it was taking advantage of the hottest story in presidential scandal history and squeezing every dollar it could out of Lewinsky 's demise . Heck , when Beyoncé "  dropped " her album in December 2013 , she cashed in as well -- reducing Lewinsky to a line in "  Partition " as a reference to ejaculation . Lewinsky replied in her essay : "  Thanks , Beyoncé , but if we 're verbing , I think you meant ` Bill Clintoned all on my gown . ' " Sexual affairs are happening all over the world at this very moment -- with politicians , world leaders , famous actors and people you know personally . Yes , affairs and other indiscretions are disgusting and immoral , but you can hardly be surprised anymore when you hear about them  looking at you Vance McAllister , John Edwards , Anthony Weiner , Donald Sterling  . After all , you do n't publicly execute people for these everyday offenses between two consenting adults , and yet that 's basically what the world did to Lewinsky . Last year , President Clinton was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Obama . In 2014 , perhaps the world will give Monica Lewinsky the freedom she finally deserves . The powerful story here is n't the cigar and the blue dress with semen on it , it 's that after 16 years of relentless bullying and a past that wo n't go away , Lewinsky has figured out a way to use the experience to help others by taking ownership of it . Lewinsky writes that she may be the first person ever at the center of an Internet cyberbullying event , and that it was the case of another recent victim of similar bullying , Tyler Clementi , that made her own suffering "  take on a different meaning " . Clintons ' relationship with media still testy after all these years "  Perhaps by sharing my story , I reason , I might be able to help others in their darkest moments of humiliation . " In the same way that a sitting President can sooth a community struck by a hurricane , mudslide or mass shooting , I have no doubt that Lewinsky could help a victim of cyberbullying get through the pain and humiliation -- and be instrumental in encouraging him or her to stay strong . One of the most powerful tools you have in life is the truth , and here 's the truth : Regardless of what she says , people will judge . Pundits will pontificate , project and wonder aloud about political motivations in the timing . We will wonder if this will hurt Hillary Clinton in 2016 or if Lewinsky was paid by the RNC to unburden herself like this . Go down that road and you miss something way more powerful than politics -- a lesson in humanity and personal power . She writes that it 's time to "  stop tiptoeing around my past -- and other people 's futures . I am determined to have a different ending to my story . I 've decided , finally , to stick my head above the parapet so that I can take back my narrative and give purpose to my past . " By telling her story , she 's doing exactly that . It takes remarkable courage to confront your humiliating mistakes and painful past , and still hold your head high . It 's in our failures that we often find our strength . Good for you Monica Lewinsky , you found your strength . I for one will be cheering you on .	Mel Robbins : Monica Lewinsky writes in upcoming Vanity Fair about affair with Bill Clinton She says aftermath of affair left Lewinsky humiliated , almost suicidal . She was brave to go on She says media exploited news of consensual affair ; cashed in . Story put Drudge on map Robbins : Real story here is Lewinsky taking back narrative , helping others bullied on Internet
Eighteen errors lines up to cause last summer 's catastrophic derailment of a runaway train in the Quebec town of Lac-Mégantic , Canadian accident investigators said Tuesday , concluding an investigation that has revealed serious safety lapses in the transport of crude oil through Canada and the United States . Among the factors : a "  weak safety culture " in the railroad that transported the oil ; a government agency that required safety plans from industry but did little to check them ; and a train that consisted almost entirely of substandard tanker cars . Those tanker cars -- known as DOT 111s -- still carry the bulk of the oil from the Bakken oil fields of North Dakota to ports on the east coast of the United States and Canada , although both countries -- spurred by the Lac-Mégantic tragedy -- are taking steps to phase them out . The Lac-Mégantic derailment was among the most disastrous in modern North America . Forty-seven people died , some 40 buildings were destroyed and 53 vehicles were demolished when the 63 tank cars and two boxcars derailed and erupted in flames . About 2,000 residents of the community were evacuated . The Transportation Safety Board of Canada  TSB  listed 18 factors contributing to the disaster , but declined to say whether any were more serious than the others . The accident may have been avoided if any one of the 18 factors were not present , the TSB 's Jean Laporte told reporters . "  Accidents never come down to a single individual , a single action or a single factor . You have to look at the whole context , " said TSB Chair Wendy Tadros . Crude oil shipments by rail have increased dramatically in the past decade as oil companies have perfected technologies to extract oil from shale . The increase took a number of people by surprise , including government regulators , Tadros said . Police : Evidence criminal act may have led to crash In Canada , rail shipments of oil have increased from a mere 500 carloads in 2009 to 160,000 in 2013 . In the U.S. , shipments have increased from 10,800 carloads to 400,000 in the same period . Tadros and Laporte said Transport Canada has taken measures of phase out the use of DOT-111 tankers -- one of three recommendations made in January in an unprecedented joint recommendation by the safety boards of both countries . But they sidestepped questions about whether newer , stronger tankers would have remained intact in the Lac-Mégantic derailment . TSB investigator Don Ross said there are "  not enough data points " to determine whether newer tankers would have survived the incident . The incident occurred July 6 , 2013 , when an engineer for the Montreal , Maine & Atlantic Railway  MMA  parked the train for the night on a descending grade . Runaway train devastates Canadian town : The route , the damage , the aftermath Investigators said the engineer set seven of the train 's hand brakes , far fewer than the 17 to 26 needed to prevent the train from rolling . The additional holding power of the train 's air brakes kept the train secure at first . But when a fire broke out in the lead locomotive because of a mechanical problem , the locomotive was shut down , an no additional air was provided to the air brakes . A slow air leak led to the failure of the air brakes , and the unattended train rolled down the incline , reaching a top speed of 65 miles per hour before derailing seven miles away at a curve in Lac-Mégantic . Many of the cars were split open , releasing large amounts of crude oil , which ignited , causing large fireballs and a pool fire . The TSB said the railroad cut corners on engine maintenance and training , and that crude oil trains "  ran largely unchecked " by Transport Canada , the Canadian equivalent of the U.S. Department of Transportation . Opinion : Stop shipping volatile oil by rail MMA filed for bankruptcy after the disaster . The railroad 's Canadian assets have been sold . Investigators also discovered that the oil was improperly described in shipping documents . It was labeled as a "  Packing Group II " product , but was shipped as a less volatile Group III product . Following the Lac-Mégantic disaster , the U.S. Federal Railroad Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration  PHMSA  issued a safety advisory and announced an operation to conduct unannounced inspections and testing of the crude oil that is being shipped by rail . Tadros , the TSB chair , said governments and the rail industry have made improvements , but more needs to be done . Canada "  still allows trains to be left unattended on a descending grade , " she said . The government needs to do more than rubber-stamp companies ' Safety Management Systems , which are intended to detect and address safety issues . "  It 's not enough for a Safety Management Systems on paper ; that SMS has to work , to do what it was designed to do , " she said . Loss , now anger , fuel a town forever changed	The Lac-Mégantic rail disaster of July 2013 killed 47 people , Canadian safety agency report faults railroad , government and train itself TSB : Accident may have been avoided if any one of 18 factors were not present Recent spike in rail shipments of oil surprised even government regulators , says TSB chair
Washington  CNN  -- Long before people posted their thoughts and feelings on social networking sites like Twitter and Facebook , millions of people were doing just that on a different sort of wall . It might have been something as simple as a baseball , a playing card or a walking stick . Or perhaps a more personal item , like a poem , photograph or diploma . And then there 's the occasional letter , like the one dated November 18 , 1989 , that began : Dear Sir , For twenty two years , I have carried your picture in my wallet . I was only eighteen years old that day that we faced each other on that trail in Chu Lai , Vietnam . Why you did not take my life , I will never know . ... These are among the more than 100,000 objects that have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the National Mall . Since its dedication in 1982 , nearly 4 million people a year have visited the memorial 's polished black granite wall , many to leave a personal item or note in memory of the more than 58,000 people whose names are engraved there . No one is sure who started the custom of leaving items at the wall , curator Duery Felton said . The first items began showing up even before construction on the memorial was complete . A park ranger started collecting the items , thinking people might come back for them someday . By 1986 , as the objects continued to pile up , the National Park Service decided to establish an official collection . Thus was born the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Collection . The items are catalogued 12 miles away at the Museum and Archaeological Regional Storage facility in Maryland . Though it 's not open to the public , traveling collections are often on display at museums both in the United States and abroad , Felton said . "  You had , for the first time that we 've been able to ascertain , people coming to a public site for a protracted period and leaving unsolicited objects , " Felton said . There is seemingly no limit to the types of artifacts that are part of the collection , from G.I. Joe action figures to crutches , dog tags , combat boots -- even a motorcycle . On any given day , the wall might be adorned with artwork , prayers , a diploma marking a missed milestone or a picture of a young child born too late for a loved one to meet . Occasionally , a note accompanies an item , but most times an object 's meaning is left to interpretation . Felton , a Vietnam veteran himself , says he 's wary of making assumptions about an item 's meaning . Many may seem like ordinary objects , but often they hold deeper significance to either the donor or one being remembered . Felton likes to use a bag of M&M s to make his point . The candy , which gained popularity among World War II soldiers looking for a chocolate treat that would n't melt , may have been left at the wall because it was a loved one 's favorite , he says . More likely , though , it had something to do with the little-known fact that military doctors used M&M s as placebos for injured soldiers when no aspirin was available . "  I look at us as being voyeurs in many ways , because we do n't know the full story , " he said . "  Outside of donor information , I ca n't tell you why -LSB- an -RSB- item was left . " On a more comprehensive scale , the collection serves as a record of social history , he said . The egalitarian nature of the memorial and the unprecedented public outrage that resulted from the controversial war are not unrelated , Felton said . "  This is a study . This is tangible evidence of a major epoch on the psyche of the American public , " Felton said . "  For all intents and purposes , this collection is being curated by the public . ... It 's uncensored . " And as Vietnam veterans age , it even more important to preserve these artifacts for future generations , he said . "  Almost 60 percent of today 's population was not alive during Vietnam , " he said . "  You ca n't tell where you are until you understand where you 've been . ... We 're preserving the past for the future . "	More than 100,000 objects have been left at Vietnam Veterans Memorial As objects piled up , National Park Service established official collection Traveling collections often on display at museums in U.S. and abroad
CNN  -- The "  Mona Lisa " has been to the moon and back -- or at least a digital image of her . The famous face was used in an experiment and carried in a laser beam to a man-made satellite orbiting the moon , NASA said Thursday . The successful transmission is a significant achievement -- which Renaissance painter Leonardo da Vinci would have surely appreciated -- because it marks "  the first time anyone has achieved one-way laser communication at planetary distances , " said principal investigator David Smith of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . By using lasers , NASA is now on the verge of revolutionizing and speeding up delivery of data now dispatched from outer space and all around the solar system , the agency said . Laser technology is used in CDs that have made albums obsolete , and now it holds the promise of bringing live , high-definition video feeds from far reaches of the solar system , including Jupiter , NASA said . "  In the near future , this type of simple laser communication might serve as a backup for the radio communication that satellites use , " Smith said in a statement . "  In the more distant future , it may allow communication at higher data rates than present radio links can provide . " Read more space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog The enigmatic "  Mona Lisa " countenance was digitized and traveled via laser almost 240,000 miles from NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , to the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter . Satellites beyond Earth use radio waves for tracking and communication , but the moon satellite is the only one to rely on lasers for tracking , NASA said . NASA found a way to use that laser to deliver the "  Mona Lisa "  image to the satellite , which in turn confirmed its receipt by sending the image back to Earth using traditional radio telemetry . The image transmission was n't perfect and suffered defects because the Earth 's atmosphere caused errors , even when the sky was clear , NASA said . Scientists fixed the errors by using the same error-correction code used in CDs and DVDs , NASA said . The "  Mona Lisa " experiment was transmitted at a slow data rate of about 300 bits per second , but the "  pathfinding achievement sets the stage for ... high data rate laser-communication demonstrations that will be a central feature of NASA 's next moon mission , the Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer , " said Goddard 's Richard Vondrak , the orbiter 's deputy project scientist . Researchers hope to uncover who 's behind the ` Mona Lisa '	NASA tests lasers in sending a digitized image of the "  Mona Lisa " to space A man-made satellite orbiting around the moon receives the image The successful transmission marks a scientific first , NASA says Lasers now hold promise of high-speed , live video feeds throughout solar system
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- President Alassane Ouattara opened negotiations Thursday with a coalition of opposition parties to try to convince supporters of the country 's former president not to boycott upcoming parliamentary elections . "  We hope It is the beginning of a republican dialogue , " said Miaka Oureto , acting president of the Front Populaire Ivoirien , the party of former President Laurent Gbagbo , at the end of the meeting . Last week , Gbagbo 's party pulled out of the commission in charge of the elections , citing a "  recent modification of the electoral commission 's composition in favor of the coalition of parties behind President Ouattara . " It also denounced what it characterized as "  a climate of terror " that is preventing the party leaders from freely participating in what party officials say could become a "  mockery of an election . " The parliamentary elections are set to take place mid-December , and will close the electoral process that started with the violently disputed presidential elections last November . Ouattara was declared the winner by the electoral commission , but the results were annulled by the Constitutional Council -- which was made up of Gbagbo loyalists -- despite their certification by the United Nations , and Gbagbo refused to step down . The crisis claimed more than 3,000 lives and ended with the capture of Gbagbo on April 11 . The World Bank has said that Ivory Coast must hold credible elections if it hopes to secure international backing for a series of development projects . The meeting with the opposition comes a day after Ouattara officially installed the Commission on Dialogue , Truth and Reconciliation , fulfilling his promise to promote reconciliation in the aftermath of the post-electoral crisis . Comprised of 11 members , including religious and other civil society leaders , the commission has two years to heal the wounds of a nation profoundly divided since the first coup d' Ã © tat of its history in 1999 . "  For a few months now , CÃ ´ te d'Ivoire is under reconstruction . But our largest construction site is the reconstitution of the Ivorian nation , " Ouattara said , using the French name for the country . In the days following the capture and arrest of Gbagbo , the newly installed president appointed former Ivorian prime minister and political ally Jean Konan Banny as president of a commission for reconciliation that he vowed "  would be fair and independent . " "  We know that reconciliation is the only way out of the impasse in which we locked ourselves , " Banny said Wednesday , promising that "  the years to come will see the rising of a new  Ivorian  citizen . " The optimism of Ouattara and Banny is not shared by Gbagbo supporters , who have denounced a "  justice of the victor " attitude "  incompatible with the reconciliation they promote . " "  I do n't think Mr. Ouattara really wants reconciliation . How could there be reconciliation when Laurent Gbagbo , his wife and most of our political leaders are illegally imprisoned with their assets frozen ? " asked Gbabgo communication adviser Alain Toussaint . "  There is no reconciliation without Gbagbo . " So far , Ouattara has yet to bring any of his supporters to justice , even though the United Nations and human rights groups accused both sides of perpetrating massive human rights violations in the aftermath of the elections . On the eve of the installation of the reconciliation commission , South Africa Archbishop Desmond Tutu warned that "  the perception that ` victor 's justice ' is being applied would greatly undermine the reconciliation process . " "  We encourage President Ouattara to demonstrate to his people and the world that the judicial process he has started is both fair and completely impartial , " the archbishop said in a statement .	Ouattara created a reconciliation commission More than 3,000 people died in the violent post-election crisis Supporters of the former president threaten to boycott upcoming elections
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Comedian Betty White -- currently enjoying a career resurgence at age 88 -- said Wednesday that she credits her longevity in the entertainment industry to "  sheer blind luck . " "  I 'm the luckiest old broad that ever drew a breath , " White told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " After a cameo on a popular Super Bowl commercial in January and a series of comedic sketches on Craig Ferguson 's "  Late , Late Show , " White 's fans campaigned successfully via Facebook for her to host NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live . " White admitted to King that she was nervous about the May 8 show and said she finds herself questioning , "  What are they doing with me ? " She said she had been approached to host "  SNL " three times "  many , many years ago , " but declined because she associated the show with New York , and as a California girl , "  I 'm so not New York . " White got her start in show business in 1949 on a local television show . She went on to star in two hit sitcoms , "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show " and "  Golden Girls . " "  I think the reason for the longevity is that ... several generations have gotten to know me over the years so I 've become ... sort of part of the family , " she said . Most recently , she appeared in the blockbuster "  The Proposal " with Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds . And to add to her current hot streak , White recently signed on to be a series regular on a new TV Land cable channel sitcom titled "  Hot in Cleveland " opposite Jane Leeves , Wendie Malick and Valerie Bertinelli . "  I 'm not hot again , but I 'm surprised to still be working , " White said . "  I just am amazed and I 'm thrilled and I 'm going along with it and enjoying it . " White has also continued her work for animal health and well-being , including a 46-year partnership with the Los Angeles Zoo , calling it one of her two loves in life -- alongside show business of course . "  It 's such fun , " she said . "  Why should you stop something you enjoy so much ? "	White will host NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live " on May 8 Comedian had wo hit sitcoms , "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show " and "  Golden Girls " Star 's popularity surged after a popular Super Bowl commercial in January
The U.N. Security Council unanimously approved a resolution on Libya on Wednesday that calls for an immediate ceasefire and includes sanctions for those involved in violence there . The Security Council 's move came amid worsening conflict in Libya -- and a day after the Pentagon said it believes Egypt and the United Arab Emirates have been conducting secret airstrikes in the North African nation . That claim has been denied by Egyptian leaders and apparently dismissed by a UAE minister . The allegation was first made at the weekend by militants from an alliance of Islamist and Misrata militias -- known as the Libya Dawn forces -- who have been battling rival moderate militias from the western city of Zintan . The alliance wrested control of Tripoli International Airport from the Zintan militia groups Saturday night after airstrikes targeting locations held by their own forces . The claims of outside military intervention have sparked fears that Libya has become the latest arena in a regional battle for influence between Egypt , Saudi Arabia and the UAE on one hand and Turkey and Qatar on the other . Libya continues to be beset by instability -- politically , militarily and otherwise -- nearly three years after the revolution that toppled former strongman leader Moammar Gadhafi . That has included extensive violence , much of it involving increasingly powerful militias that have outgunned the nation 's central government . Late last month , the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , the United Nations and other international organizations and businesses evacuated their staffs due to the unrest . The U.N. resolution calls for an end to the fighting and for those responsible to be held accountable . It also urges "  all parties to engage in an inclusive Libyan-led political dialogue in order to help restore stability , and to forge consensus around the next steps in Libya 's transition . " The resolution does not mention any claims of bombing by outside forces . U.S. urges political process Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon press secretary , confirmed at a briefing Tuesday that the United States believes that airstrikes were undertaken in recent days by the UAE and Egypt inside Libya but declined to give further details . Asked if the Pentagon supported independent action by the UAE and Egypt in Libya , he said it , like the U.S. government , wants Libya 's problems to be resolved "  peacefully , and through good governance and politics and not violence , and that we discourage other nations from taking a part in Libya 's issues through violence . " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki gave a similar message , saying , "  We understand that there were airstrikes undertaken in recent days by the UAE and Egypt . " She pointed to a joint statement issued Monday by the U.S. , UK , French , German and Italian governments which calls for an immediate ceasefire in Libya by all sides and engagement in the democratic process . "  We believe outside interference in Libya exacerbates current divisions and undermines Libya 's democratic transition , " the statement concludes . The United States does n't believe there is a military solution in Libya , Psaki said . "  The political process is what the focus needs to be on . And , hence , the concern that we have . " In a tweet later Tuesday , Psaki appeared to seek to clarify her earlier remarks . "  Comment today on Libya intended to refer to countries reportedly involved , not speak for them , " she said . Egypt ` has no forces in Libya ' Egypt has repeatedly denied any military involvement in Libya . "  Egypt is not involved in any military activity and it does not have any military presence on Libyan territories , " Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry said Tuesday . "  We respect the Libyan people 's will represented by the parliament and all its decisions . " Egyptian Foreign Ministry spokesman Badr Abdellatty told CNN on Monday that suggestions Egypt was involved in recent airstrikes are "  nonsense . " A day earlier , Egypt 's President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi also denied any Egyptian involvement in Libya , according to the official Egyptian news agency , MENA . He told newspaper chiefs that are no Egyptian aircraft or forces in Libya and that no Egyptian aircraft took any military action inside Libyan territory . El-Sisi added that Egypt , like its neighbors , is interested in the safety and security of Libya and has been consulting with Algeria and Tunisia and others over political action to achieve stability there . The UAE has not given an official response to the allegation it was involved in airstrikes . But UAE Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash appeared to dismiss the initial claim by Libyan Islamists in remarks on Twitter , translated by CNN . "  The attempt to drag the UAE into the Libyan issue is an escape from facing the results of the elections and the legitimacy that it brought about and the desire of the majority in Libya for stability and security , " he said in one tweet . His comment referred to elections in June that brought a new anti-Islamist government to power in Libya . However , the new administration has so far proved ill-equipped to quell the violence plaguing Libya .	U.N. Security Council resolution includes sanctions for those involved in violence in Libya It demands an immediate ceasefire and end to fighting in Libya The Pentagon believes Egypt and the United Arab Emirates carried out airstrikes in Libya Egyptian leaders have denied the claim and a UAE minister has dismissed it
Beijing  CNN  -- The Communist Party 's 18th National Congress enters its second session Friday , a day after President Hu Jintao warned that a failure to deal with corruption could bring down the party and the state it controls . Hu spoke at a key meeting of top officials who will usher in a new set of leaders of the world 's most populous nation . After a decade in power , Hu is expected to hand over the party 's top job to Vice President Xi Jinping . "  If we fail to handle this issue well , it could prove fatal to the party and even cause the collapse of the party and the fall of the state , " Hu said of corruption during his speech at the start of the congress in the Great Hall of the People in the heart of the Chinese capital . China 's next leader keeps Iowa close to his heart His comments to a vast room of delegates stood out in light of the huge political scandal that has rocked the party this year . The controversy involved former high-flying politician Bo Xilai , who is under criminal investigation after being ousted from his posts and the party itself . He is accused of corruption , abuse of power and improper sexual relationships ; official news reports have said Bo made "  severe mistakes " related to the killing of a British businessman -- a crime for which Bo 's wife was imprisoned -- and a diplomatic incident involving his former police chief in Chongqing . More than 2,200 delegates from across China gathered for the congress . They will select the 200-plus members of the party 's Central Committee , who in turn appoint the Politburo and ultimately the all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee , the country 's decision-makers . But most , if not all , of the outcomes are predetermined after a long period of secretive deal-making between party power brokers . 3 challenges for China 's next leaders The congress itself meets every five years . It is designed to assess the country 's progress and set new directions . Every 10 years , it selects the new leadership . This year , the legacy of the Hu years is under the microscope . Under Hu and Premier Wen Jiabao , China 's economy has continued to grow , lifting tens of millions of people out of poverty . China is now the world 's second-biggest economy and closing fast on the United States . But there have been disappointments and discontent along the way , and Hu 's much-vaunted "  harmonious society " is showing signs of cracking . Read about what to expect in China-U.S. ties Chinese leaders have endured a tumultuous year . The veil of secrecy around the party has been lifted , with reports of rifts and infighting . And the fall of Bo brought about China 's biggest political scandal in decades . Bo , once party chief of the massive metropolis of Chongqing , is now in disgrace awaiting trial . His wife , Gu Kailai , is in prison , convicted of murdering a British business associate . As major Chinese leadership change begins , questions swirl China is straddling many fault lines : a widening gap between rich and poor , rising unrest about issues like pollution and land seizures , and a slowing economy that some say is in need of serious reform . Another issue Hu 's government has struggled to tackle during its decade in power is the discontent and unrest among Tibetans living under Chinese rule . Authorities were given a grim reminder on Wednesday of the disillusionment and desperation of many Tibetans in western areas of China after four people set themselves on fire to protest Chinese rule . One teenage Tibetan monk died and two were injured after self-immolating in a majority Tibetan region of Sichuan Province , said Penpa Tsering , a spokesman for the Tibetan parliament in exile in Dharamsala , India . And a 23-year-old Tibetan woman died a separate incident in Qinghai Province , Tsering said , citing unidentified people in Tibetan areas . Hu warns of corruption	Party 's national congress in second day Thousands of delegates in Beijing for key meeting It follows a year beset by scandal for the party Four Tibetans set themselves on fire , Tibetan government in exile says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Five children were killed by a rocket fired by Taliban fighters during a battle with Afghan security forces in a northern region of the country on Monday , authorities said . The Taliban fired a rocket-propelled grenade into a civilian house in Ali Abad district of Kunduz province at 5 a.m. , said Sayed Sarwar Hussaini , a spokesman for the provincial police chief . Four other people in the house were wounded , he added . In western Afghanistan , a separate rocket attack killed a district police chief and four other police officers , authorities said . That attack took place in Farsi district of Herat province at 6 a.m. , said Abdul Rauf Ahmadi , a spokesman for the provincial police chief . 400 trucks burn on Afghan roads Rockets hit Kabul airport CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul , and Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong .	The children are killed during a battle in Kunduz province early Monday Taliban fighters fired a rocket-propelled grenade into a civilian house , authorities say A separate attack in Herat province kills a district police chief and four other officers
Washington  CNN  -- Wolf Blitzer and Donald Trump 's heated showdown this week over claims of a conspiracy to conceal President Barack Obama 's true birthplace was , at its core , an argument about lying . Trump and other "  birthers " believe the president , mainstream media outlets , the courts and the state of Hawaii are all lying , conspiring in a cover-up that began with Obama 's birth announcement in a Honolulu newspaper in 1961 . Those who maintain the president was born in Hawaii -- and has produced an authentic birth certificate to prove it -- believe Trump and the other side are willfully ignoring the facts in front of them and spreading lies for political gain . Despite a frustrated GOP , anti-Obama ` birthers ' still persist "  It 's very complicated , the way we process information , " said Ron Riggio , an organizational psychology professor at Claremont McKenna College speaking broadly about the nature of lying . "  It 's the politics of audacity . The more outrageous and audacious the lie is , the more people say ` that 's got to be true because why would someone make something like that up ? ' " While many politicians are truthful , honest public servants , too many politicians and their surrogates often lie , and voters often let them get away with it , Riggio contends . In the world of politics , lies are that relative no one really likes but everyone reluctantly invites to Thanksgiving dinner . From Richard Nixon -- "  I 'm not a crook " -- to Bill Clinton -- "  I did not have sexual relations with that woman , Miss Lewinsky " -- to Marion Barry -- "  It 's all made up ... I do n't know what happened " -- to John Edwards -- "  The story is false ... It 's completely untrue , ridiculous " -- American politicians have had a history of political deception , or at least stretching the truth . Edwards not guilty on one count ; mistrial on other charges In 2007 , Edwards , who at the time was a leading candidate for president , lied about his mistress and baby when the National Enquirer caught him at the Beverly Hilton Hotel visiting the child . The jury in his conspiracy and illegal campaign contributions trial Thursday found Edwards not guilty on one of six counts . The judge declared a mistrial on the other five counts . And last year , disgraced congressman Anthony Weiner looked CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in the eye and lied when confronted with evidence of illicit Twitter photos . He later admitted the deception and resigned from office . Birther satire : Prove Mitt 's not a unicorn "  From a leadership perspective , so often the lies politicians are involved in are part of leaving an impression about information , " Riggio said . "  So much of it is the little white lies that are part of the social fabric . But when it crosses the line that the public truly believes is important , then it becomes a big problem . " Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colorado , found himself straddling the line between deception , confusion and evasion after reports leaked that he questioned the president 's citizenship at a recent fundraiser . "  I do n't know whether Barack Obama was born in the United States of America . I do n't know that , " Coffman reportedly said . "  But I do know this , that in his heart , he 's not an American . He 's just not an American . " Why does Mitt Romney continue to put up with Trump ? The ensuing media storm over Coffman 's comments forced the congressman to backpedal and issue a statement that he does believe Obama is an American citizen but that the president does n't share the lawmaker 's belief in "  American exceptionalism . " But Coffman 's gaffe seems to fall more along the lines of what some behavioral experts call a dodge or an evade . "  Most dodgers , they 're not lying . They just create a false impression , " said Michael Norton , an associate business professor at the Harvard Business School who studies how and why people lie . "  Occasionally politicians get caught in a lie , but it 's quite rare . If they are doing their jobs they do n't lie , they just evade . " The Pulitzer Prize-winning PolitiFact website has made its mark by grading the shades of accuracy in politicians ' statements on the "  Truth-O-Meter . " "  I think voters are well aware that politicians stretch the truth -- sometimes to the breaking point , " said Bill Adair , editor of PolitiFact and Washington bureau chief of the Tampa Bay Times . "  And I think voters are also savvy enough to realize there are shades of gray that turn a seemingly accurate statement into a half truth . " However , unlike the days when webs of political deception were tougher to untangle , savvy voters now have more tools on hand . "  What 's different today is that there is so much information available to help people make sense of the political discourse and discern the difference between an exaggeration and a pants-on-fire lie , " Adair said . When Gilberto Hinojosa , who was seeking the Texas Democratic Party chairmanship , declared "  a large majority of the Republican Party believes that  Obama  is a Muslim and was born in a foreign country , was not born in the United States , " at the Central Texas Democratic Forum last month , the would-be chairman rated a "  false " on the Truth-O-Meter . Similarly , most claims about the president 's birthplace as Kenya and the falsity of his Hawaiian birth certificate rate a flaming "  Pants on Fire " on the Truth-O-Meter . Not that any of those ratings will convince Trump , those who agree with him or those who believe the president was born in America . And it does n't matter how much or how hard either side defends their position , Norton said . "  We 're much more likely to notice evasive behavior with politicians we already disagree with , " Norton said . "  But we forget people in our party are doing the same thing . "	At the heart of the "  birther " controversy is an argument about political lies Psychologists say politicians stretching the truth is "  part of the social fabric " Richard Nixon , Bill Clinton and John Edwards have all been caught up in political deception
"  Embrace the YES ! " said the subject line . Uh , no . The Washington Post reported that almost 300 students who had been rejected by Johns Hopkins University received a joyous shock over the weekend when the prestigious Baltimore school sent them emails telling them to "  Embrace the YES ! " They 'd been admitted after all . Had n't they ? It did n't take long for joy to turn to sadness when the school followed up with another email on Sunday afternoon : "  Please note that this email was sent in error . The decision posted on the decision site reflects the accurate result of your Early Decision application . " Whoops . The email was the result of "  human error , " David Phillips , vice provost for admissions and financial aid at Hopkins , told the Post . "  We apologize to the students affected and to their families , " Phillips said . "  Admissions decision days are stressful enough . We very much regret having added to the disappointment felt by a group of very capable and hardworking students , especially ones who were so committed to the idea of attending Johns Hopkins that they applied early decision . " Johns Hopkins is n't the first to make such a mistake . Last December , Fordham University sent 2,500 students acceptances , when their status was still unresolved . Cathy Stephenson , a parent of a Hopkins hopeful , told the Post she was upset . "  You do n't crush somebody 's feelings twice , " she said .	Students rejected by Johns Hopkins get acceptance by mistake Hopkins official : Emails the result of "  human error " Some parents still upset by turnabout
New York  CNN  -- Former NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw and his wife were involved in a three-vehicle accident Friday in which one person died , a network spokeswoman said . The accident happened about 1 p.m. on New York 's Bruckner Expressway in the Bronx , spokeswoman Jenny Tartikoff said in a statement . Brokaw and his wife , Meredith , were not injured , she said . The accident occurred when an SUV swerved to avoid a spool of wire that had fallen from a truck and slammed into a 7-ton U.S. postal truck , said Peter Rendina , a spokesman for the U.S. Postal Inspection Service . Brokaw , who was driving behind the postal truck , hit the rear of the truck , Rendina said . The driver of the SUV was thrown from her vehicle and killed , according to Rendina . The newsman and his wife waited at the crash scene until postal inspectors arrived , Rendina said . "  According to our inspectors , Brokaw did nothing wrong , just in the wrong place at the wrong time , " he said . "  Tom and Meredith are greatly saddened by this loss of life , " the Brokaw statement said . New York police confirmed that one person was killed in an accident on the expressway involving an SUV , a postal truck and a possible third vehicle . No other details were released .	Brokaw not at fault , U.S. Postal Inspection Service spokesman says Accident occurs when SUV swerves to avoid spool of cable on the road , hits postal truck Brokaw , who was driving behind the postal truck , hit rear of that vehicle , spokesman says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The sisters of a Los Angeles woman found dead in Cancun , Mexico , in April want the U.S. government to explain why her husband has not been arrested a month after Mexican prosecutors requested his extradition . "  We are tired of waiting , " Jeanne Burgos said Thursday . "  It 's not fair . " She and her sister Carla Burgos staged a rally outside the federal courthouse in downtown Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon to demand an arrest . "  We are demanding that the United States authorities just do what they have to do , " Burgos said . "  We are not asking for anything beyond what their duties are . " Reality TV producer Bruce Beresford-Redman is still living free with his children in Los Angeles nearly two months after a Mexican judge ordered his arrest . Mexican officials said June 23 that they had sent their extradition petition to the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City . Neither the U.S. State Department nor the Justice Department in Washington would confirm what has happened with the extradition request . A spokesman for the U.S. attorney in Los Angeles , who would pursue an arrest , said Thursday that nothing has been filed in California . "  They are not telling us anything , " said Allison Triessl , the Burgos family 's lawyer . "  We have repeatedly asked . We have made phone calls almost daily , and we have received no information at all . " Beresford-Redman was briefly detained after his wife 's body was found April 8 in a sewer at Cancun 's Moon Palace Resort . His passport was taken by investigators , and he was told not to leave Mexico until the inquiry was concluded . Quintana Roo state Attorney General Francisco Alor said in May that he has a "  very concrete " case against the former "  Survivor " producer . Beresford-Redman 's lawyer , Richard Hirsch , has said he would fight extradition . Beresford-Redman returned home in May , without the knowledge of investigators , to take care of family business and see his two young children , his lawyer said . His parents have temporary legal custody of the children , ages 3 and 5 , but they are staying with Beresford-Redman . The initial investigation suggested that Monica Beresford-Redman "  died of strangulation , because of the bruising , " Mexican regional police spokesman Adrian Cardena said . A source close to the wife has said that she cleaned out the family 's bank account and took her two children to Hawaii because she was upset about her husband 's extramarital affair . The couple later traveled to Cancun in an effort to repair their marriage , the source said .	Bruce Beresford-Redman is still free nearly 2 months after murder charge Mexican officials say U.S. received extradition request a month ago Burgos sisters demand U.S. officials immediately arrest the reality TV producer Monica Beresford-Redman was found dead at Cancun resort in April
Charleston , South Carolina  CNN  -- Mark Sanford is heading back to Washington after detours along the Appalachian Trail and Argentina . The former South Carolina governor finished his second term in office three years ago with his political career dead in the water thanks to a well-publicized extra-marital affair and ethics violations . But he came away Tuesday with a victory over Democratic opponent Elizabeth Colbert Busch in the special election for a vacant House seat in the Palmetto State 's 1st Congressional District -- the same seat he once held . Here 's what we 've learned , or better yet , re-learned , from Sanford 's victory 1 . Voters give politicians second chances From the start of his bid for Congress , Sanford was very open on the campaign trail about the affair and made it the subject of his first TV ad . Sanford asked for , and received , political redemption from the voters . "  I want to acknowledge a God not just of second chances but third , fourth , fifth , sixth , seventh , eighth chances , because that is the reality of our shared humanity , " said Sanford at his victory celebration Tuesday night . "  I am one imperfect man saved by God 's grace . " He repeated that theme minutes later at a news conference with reporters . "  I think we 're always on the search for redemption and I think this is certainly a degree of political redemption . " Colbert Busch 's campaign , as well as two national Democratic groups which contributed money and support to her campaign , highlighted the affair . At their only general election debate , Colbert Busch confronted Sanford about his 2009 secret trip to Argentina to see his mistress . And her campaign went up with a TV commercial which slammed Sanford for using "  tax dollars to visit his mistress in Argentina , disappeared for a week leaving no one in charge , betrayed all who trusted him , then lied to cover it up . Mark Sanford , it 's a question of character . " The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and the pro-Democrat House Majority PAC , which , combined , spent nearly $ 900,000 to try and defeat Sanford , also spotlighted the affair in their final ads . But in the end , it was n't enough . 2 . Candidates matter For all his political baggage , Mark Sanford is a veteran on the campaign trail . And Elizabeth Colbert Busch showed her campaign inexperience at times . "  Sanford may be a flawed candidate but he 's a fabulous campaigner , " said Republican strategist Hogan Gidley , a former executive director of the South Carolina Republican Party . "  Forget the rhetoric or the policy or the delivery -- hand-to-hand , eye-to-eye he 's very good and it 's impossible to outwork him . " Sanford also seemed to win this election one voter at a time . The candidate appeared to be everywhere in the campaign 's closing days . He held nearly 15 events on Monday , with another 10 on Election Day . 3 . Turnout matters We knew Democratic voters were fired up , but the big question concerned Republican voters in a district that the GOP has held for more 30 years . Would they vote even with their reservations about Sanford ? The answer appears to be yes . It was a high turnout for a special election . Roughly a quarter of the 18-plus population voted , more than 140,000 votes total , according to a CNN analysis of the vote . "  That seems to have helped Sanford , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  Low turnout would have meant a lot of Republicans who were reluctant to vote for him and would n't vote for a Democrat . High turnout turns that around : Plenty of Republicans who had misgivings about Sanford came out to vote anyway . " And House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi might be one reason why . Sanford and his campaign repeatedly tied Colbert Busch to Pelosi , saying that a vote for Colbert Busch would also be a vote for Pelosi , who has high negatives with Republican voters and who most likely would become House speaker again if the Democrats run the table and regain control of the chamber in next year 's midterm elections . "  I 've fought hard over the years to make South Carolina a better place to call home . But those efforts pale now against the larger battle for the direction of our country . Maybe that 's why Nancy Pelosi and allies have spent more than a million dollars to defeat me . But this contest is bigger than them or me , it 's about two different visions of how we restore America and reign in Washington spending , " Sanford said , looking into the camera in a TV spot that started running district-wide last week . Two weeks ago he even debated a cardboard cutout of Pelosi to call out Colbert Busch for not accepting more than one debate . The strategy appears to have paid off . 4 . Location , location , location Macro : The 1st Congressional District is GOP country . Mitt Romney carried the district by 18 percentage points in last November 's presidential election . And Rep. Tim Scott was reelected by 27 points before he was picked by GOP Gov. Nikki Haley to fill the Senate seat vacated by Sen. Jim DeMint , who stepped down to take over as the head of the conservative Heritage Foundation . Even a candidate with serious political baggage like Sanford was able to win . Micro : Sanford won all five counties in the district . He won big where he needed to , in the conservative counties of Berkeley and Dorchester , taking around 60 % of the vote . He carried the district 's second most populous county , Beaufort , by 6 percentage points . Some Democrats hoped that older voters in that county , which includes Hilton Head , would be turned off by Sanford 's affair . Sanford narrowly carried his home base of Charleston County , where the most voters were at stake . That was also Colbert Busch 's best hope . 5 . Money does n't always matter Colbert Busch 's campaign outspent Sanford 's operation in the closing weeks . And the DCCC and House Majority PAC combined spent around $ 900,000 to try to defeat Sanford , who received far less support from outside groups . Money matters in campaign politics , but it 's just one factor in determining a race .	Disgraced former Gov. Mark Sanford overcame past scandals to win House seat Sanford is a veteran campaigner while opponent Colbert Bush made some rookie mistakes Surprisingly high turnout in solid Republican district helped Sanford
CNN  -- Attempting to advance his nation 's peace progress with insurgents , Afghan President Hamid Karzai said unofficial negotiations with the Taliban have been taking place and hopes the formation of a peace council will further those efforts . "  We have been talking to the Taliban as countryman to countryman , talk in that manner , " Karzai told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in an interview scheduled to air Monday night . "  Not as a regular official contact with the Taliban with a fixed address , but rather unofficial personal contacts have been going on for quite some time . " In excerpts of the interview released Sunday , Karzai also spoke on the High Peace Council , an initiative headed by former Afghan President Buhanuddin Rabbani and tasked with boosting negotiations with Taliban insurgents . "  The Taliban , those of whom who are Afghans and the sons of Afghan soil , who have been driven to violence by various factors beyond their control and beyond ours caused by circumstances in Afghanistan , we want them to come back to their country , " Karzai said . "  They are like kids who have run away ... from the family . The family should try to bring them back and give them better discipline and incorporate them back into their family and society . President Rabbani assuming chairmanship today of the peace council is exactly in that spirit . " However , the Afghan government will work against groups like al Qaeda , he said . "  But those who are a part of al Qaeda and the other terrorist networks who are ideologically against us or who are working against Afghanistan knowingly and out of the purpose of hatred and enmity -- those of course we have to work against . Whether they are against Afghanistan or whether they are al Qaeda and the terrorist war against the United States or our neighbors in Pakistan , those of course can not be accepted . " Karzai 's remarks about the unofficial contacts with the Taliban came when the president was asked about a Washington Post report that secret high-level talks between the government and the Taliban were underway . "  Now that the peace council has come into existence , these talks will go on , and will go on officially and more rigorously , I hope , " Karzai said . The Afghan president denied a report that he has been diagnosed as manic-depressive in a book by veteran Washington journalist Bob Woodward . In his book "  Obama 's Wars , " Woodward cited U.S. intelligence reports . "  He 's on his meds ; he 's off his meds , " Woodward quoted U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry as saying about Karzai . "  The only medication that I have taken is an antibiotic called Augmentin , " when suffering from a cold two years ago , Karzai told King . He said from time to time , he also takes vitamin C , multivitamins and Tylenol , "  when I have a headache or when I 'm tired . " He denied being manic-depressive , calling the story "  rather funny . " Asked about the planned drawdown of U.S. troops in Afghanistan next summer , and relations with President Barack Obama , Karzai said , "  Relations with President Obama are very good " and the two are in regular contact and had a video conference about five days ago . "  The relation with the U.S. government is generally good , " he said . "  There is a strategic relationship between us , partnerships toward an objective -- that 's security for us and security for the United States and the rest of the world . " "  On the staying power of the United States in Afghanistan , the Afghan people have been abandoned before when we fought the Soviets , " he said . "  When we defeated communism and the Soviets , the international community supported us , but then after their defeat we were abandoned and forgotten immediately , including by the United States . " He said the fear the same thing could happen lingers among the Afghans , and he has not been able to reassure them . "  I hope the United States of America and our other allies will help us through good means so we can reassure the Afghan people that this partnership is staying and that Afghanistan will emerge out of this current transition into a better country , a better economy and a more stronger , effective state , " Karzai said . Watch Larry King Live Monday through Sunday 9pm ET . For the latest from Larry King Live click here .	Afghan president hopes peace council will boost Taliban talks Karzai denies report he is manic-depressive He says the Afghan people are worried they will be "  abandoned "
CNN  -- More than a week after announcing two vacationers had contracted hantavirus -- one of them fatally -- Yosemite National Park said Monday that authorities have determined another person died after contracting the disease while visiting the park . In addition to this fatality , Yosemite said in a news release that officials had identified "  a probable fourth case of hantavirus . " All four cases involve people who stayed at the park 's popular Curry Village in mid-June . The park said its officials are trying to reach those who vacationed in these "  tent cabins " from June through this month , when the accommodations were thoroughly cleaned , and urge them to get medical help if they show any symptoms of hantavirus . Hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome is a rare but often fatal lung disease that kills about a third of those who get infected . Don Neubacher , Yosemite 's superintendent , noted that people typically do n't fall ill with hantavirus until between one and six weeks after they are exposed . "  The health of our visitors is our paramount concern , and we are making every effort to notify and inform our visitors of any potential illness , " Neubacher said . Two contracted hantavirus while visiting Yosemite In the United States , the carriers of hantavirus are deer mice , cotton rats , rice rats and white-footed mice , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The virus can be present in the rodents ' urine , droppings and saliva , and is spread to people when they breathe in air contaminated with the virus , the CDC says . The virus is not communicable from person to person . Earlier this month , the California Department of Public Health said two state residents who came down with the disease may have been exposed to mice droppings or urine that contained hantavirus while staying at the park . An unidentified 37-year-old man from the San Francisco Bay area died in late July , said Dr. Vicki Kramer , chief of the department 's vector-borne disease section . A Southern California woman in her 40s survived and is recovering , Kramer told CNN . The two stayed in separate locations at the village , which contains about 400 canvas tent and wooden cabins . Yosemite ranger and spokesman Scott Gediman described the cabins as "  very sparse but comfortable . " Park officials have not given details about the one new confirmed case or the "  probable " one . Officials have focused on deer mice , common in the high-elevation eastern Sierra Nevada region . The mice are gray or brown on top , with white bellies . Their ears have no fur . "  Rodents can infest a whole range of these structures , " Kramer said . "  Deer mice can get in a hole one-quarter inch in diameter . " In addition to cleaning the 400 camp structures , park officials have said they 've increased routine measures to reduce the hantavirus risk . "  You can not eliminate all the mice , " Kramer said . "  There are a lot of people and snacks that people bring into their tents or cabins . " Prior to this year , Yosemite National Park saw one hantavirus case each in 2000 and 2010 . There is no specific treatment for a hantavirus infection , according to the CDC , but the earlier a patient is brought to intensive care , the better . Diagnosis is difficult , because early symptoms of fever , muscle aches and fatigue often are confused with the flu . "  However , if the individual is experiencing fever and fatigue , and has a history of potential rural rodent exposure , together with shortness of breath ,  that  would be strongly suggestive of HPS , " the CDC says .	Yosemite says a June visitor to its park died after contracting hantavirus The national park says officials have also identified "  a probable fourth case " Earlier , officials said 2 vacationers got hantavirus after visiting Yosemite All those infected stayed in the park 's popular Curry Village in June
Washington  CNN  -- Ten years ago in September , rescue workers began inhaling a toxic mix of airborne debris that curled out of the World Trade Center 's mangle of steel , re-bar and concrete , coating in white the clothes and at times the lungs of emergency responders who worked at ground zero . Thousands descended on New York and Washington in 2001 in a desperate attempt to help those who had perished , or would soon die , after a series of coordinated attacks rocked the nation and redefined its security mandate . But news of the death of Osama bin Laden -- al Qaeda 's figurehead killed during a gun battle in Pakistan -- offered Americans a happier reason to gasp . "  It 's wild , " said Tyler Smith , wiping away his swelling tears as he held a cigarette that trembled between his fingertips . He was at the White House celebration . "  It 's just very intense . " The young veteran -- who served in Afghanistan in 2004 and 2005 -- then grabbed his baseball cap , pulling it down to shield his watering eyes from view . "  I 'm sorry , " he said . "  I just do n't have the words . " Americans celebrated early Monday in a show of patriotism against the man who committed much of his life to attacking U.S. citizens and others . In front of the White House , chants of "  U.S.A. ! U.S.A. ! " filled the night air , and the group spontaneously broke into an off-key rendition of "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " Other revelers hearkened back to the turmoil of that fateful blue-sky day in September . "  I was in D.C. during 9/11 , " said 33-year-old Mason Wright , recalling his days as a student at American University in Washington , D.C. From his apartment , Wright said he watched television images of the second hijacked plane as it plunged into the World Trade Center in lower Manhattan . "  It 's hard to believe 10 years later it 's over ... It 's finally come to an end . " Dustin Swensson , who recently served in Iraq , echoed those comments , calling the news "  historic . " Alan Comar , a 29-year-old resident of Washington who worked as a U.S. contractor in Afghanistan , clutched his girlfriend as they gazed across the red , white and blue crowd . "  Its one of those ` got-to-be-there ' moments , " he said . The mood was much more somber at the Pentagon memorial a few miles away , where 184 people died when a hijacked American Airlines Flight crashed on September 11 , 2001 . "  Everyone was at the White House celebrating , and hardly anyone was at the memorial , " said Jessica McFarland of Arlington , Virginia . "  I felt like this site put things in perspective . " Meanwhile , teenagers , scarcely old enough to remember the near decade-old attacks , dashed toward the White House gates , eager to join the swelling throng of American revelers . "  It 's something that defines a generation , " said Ashley Cummings , a Michigan resident visiting Washington . "  They 're not going to pull out immediately , " she said , referring to the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan . "  There 's still a lot of work to be done , but this affirms that they were over there for a reason . " Her comment echoes a question likely to be raised in the coming weeks and months over the ways in which an American-led war in Afghanistan can continue without the specter of the Qaeda leader . "  It 's a war that I feel we just won , " said one former New York firefighter -- who says he was forced to retire due to lung ailments suffered from dust at ground zero -- the site where the World Trade Center 's twin towers once stood . Private moments of reflection were happening , too , as loved ones of those killed in the September 11 attacks quietly marked bin Laden 's death . Patricia Sliwak-Grinberg said she cried when President Barack Obama began to describe the September 11 attacks as he delivered news of his death . Her brother , Robert Sliwak , was a Cantor-Fitzgerald employee who died in the World Trade Center . In New York , strains of "  God Bless America " could be heard intermittently trickling through the crowd . The area , once a barren and bitterly contested site , has since given way to the beginnings of construction for a long awaited "  Freedom Tower , " or the 1 World Trade Center . In another sign of the evolving times , a neighborhood Burger King that medics once converted to a makeshift trauma center following the attacks , now houses a younger fast-food staff mostly unfamiliar with the restaurant 's storied past . "  A lot of retired cops still come here and talk about it , " said Joshua Nash , a 22 year-old employee from Bronx , New York . During the ensuing rescue effort , EMTs treated victims atop dinning tables at the Home of the Whopper , while draping intravenous drips across wall lamps . "  Do you want to know what I really think ? , " asked Nash . "  I think a lot of the people around here yelling and celebrating were just looking for an excuse to get drunk and yell . " "  They do n't know what this is about . " His words seem to capture an unease with celebrating death that other New Yorkers quietly reflected . Some just seemed relieved to close the final chapter of bin Laden 's life . Carie Lemack , whose mother , Judy , was killed on American Airlines Flight 11 , said she ca n't "  express how this feels to my family . "  Relief is one word . " Jim Riches , who lost his firefighter son , Jimmy , when the World Trade Center 's north tower collapsed , said the news offered a bit of comfort . "  My  son still is n't coming home , " he said . "  There 's  no closure , but at last , at least some justice for the murder of 3,000 Americans , finally . " Elsewhere in New York , police cordoned off stretches of Manhattan 's Financial District where crowds had gathered in celebrations through the night . September 11 has since served as a galvanizing symbol of American patriotism and its willingness to doggedly -- and at times controversially -- pursue enemies across borders . But it remains unclear whether decapitating al Qaeda 's infamous figurehead will mark a turning point in a war that has left thousands of Americans dead and killed untold numbers of civilians . In July , NATO offered further support for Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's objective of taking on greater responsibility for the country 's security by 2014 . Analysts , however , remain skeptical , citing corruption and patronage networks that they say enjoy a degree of political protection . Meanwhile , Sunday 's news comes just a single day after a Taliban announcement of a renewed offensive against allied troops and Afghan security forces in the region . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Emanuella Grinberg , Christina Zdanowicz and Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	Celebrations break out in Washington and New York , and on college campuses nationwide A firefighter 's father says he 's gratified , but bin Laden 's death wo n't bring back his son A retired New York police officer says bin Laden 's death gives him a sense of closure Mood is sober at Pentagon memorial
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Marie , a Haitian mother , could n't have been more grateful . "  Thank you God for TPS , " she recently told an attorney helping her fill out forms that will protect her from deportation . She was referring to temporary protected status , which will allow her to work legally , help Haiti and support her two young children . It 's the sentiment that we hear most these days . As longtime advocates , we at Florida Immigrant Advocacy Center were gratified when the Department of Homeland Security granted temporary protected status to unauthorized Haitian immigrants after the catastrophic earthquake in Haiti . Temporary protected status will allow perhaps 100,000 Haitians to legalize their status for the next 18 months . They 'll be able get work permits and driver 's licenses and send more money to loved ones struggling in Haiti 's ruins . Such people-to-people help is one of the best forms of foreign aid . Remittances encourage Haitians to stay and rebuild Haiti , rather than attempt treacherous sea voyages that more often than not end in tragedy . Today , Florida Immigrant Advocacy Center and other pro bono groups are working furiously to help Haitians apply for temporary protected status and warn them away from "  raketè , " scammers who will rip them off . It 's a mammoth job in South Florida , home of the nation 's largest Haitian-born population . The six-page temporary protected status application includes complicated questions and must be translated for non-English speakers . Many Haitians also need help filling out work-permit and fee-waiver forms . Without a waiver , applicants ages 14 to 65 must pay $ 470 in fees and $ 50 for a younger child . Frankly , temporary protected status is the least our government can do after decades of denying Haitians just immigration treatment . No previous administration had granted temporary protected status to Haitians despite numerous occasions when deportees would have been unsafe due to political conflict or natural disasters , conditions that typically trigger temporary protected status . Indeed , we had been actively pushing for temporary protected status since four killer storms demolished 15 percent of Haiti 's gross domestic product in late 2008 . The history of discriminatory treatment goes back much further . Since Haitians started coming to U.S. shores nearly 50 years ago , they routinely have been denied the fundamental protections promised to refugees of virtually every other nationality . Finally more attention is being paid to the need to help the Haitians . As a key neighbor , the United States needs to prepare for a long-term commitment in which U.S. Haitians play a key role . Many of these Haitians wish to travel to support relatives in Haiti and contribute to reconstruction . But for Haitians with temporary protected status , those trips could lead to dire consequences . Though they may travel legally , some may face problems coming back home and , thus , should consult with an attorney before leaving . Many U.S. citizen and resident Haitians also are trying desperately to bring relatives here from Haiti , but some face daunting delays because of archaic immigration processes . Given the substantial moral and material help that Haitians in our country offer Haiti , Homeland Security should find solutions to permit travel and expedite relative reunification . We are hopeful , too , that Homeland Security will address concerns regarding Haitians who have arrived here since the earthquake with no or improper visas . One glaring example is the dozens of Haitians who were flown here on military planes after the earthquake , only to be detained . Many lost their parents , siblings and children ; one of our clients lost his twin 9-year old daughters . Virtually all had U.S. citizen and lawful permanent resident relatives awaiting their release . Their prolonged detention only exacerbated the terrible trauma they suffered before fleeing Haiti . During their detention , most showed signs of depression , anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder . Yet Florida Immigrant Advocacy Center 's attempts to get permission for a psychotherapist to meet with the Haitians were repeatedly rebuffed . When everyone in the world was offering to help the Haitians , Immigration and Customs Enforcement kept our clients in detention for more than two months . They only released them after a front page New York Times story ran and the Haitians agreed to be deported whenever ICE wants . Haitian orphans also raise tough questions . While many caring Americans would like to adopt , there is real danger that Haitian children may be trafficked or improperly separated from their parents . For this and other thorny problems , no easy solutions exist in the midst of Haiti 's crisis . This crisis in fact has exposed cracks in our deeply fractured immigration system . We know Haiti will not be ready for an influx of deportees when temporary protected status expires in July 2011 or for a long time to come . Frankly , this country would n't have large populations of immigrants who need temporary protected status if we adjusted immigration flows to meet the real demands of its families and our economy . The best solution would be for Congress to pass a comprehensive immigration reform that includes a legalization plan and future immigrant flows attuned to the needs of our labor markets . The path to legal status should be offered , not only to Haitians , but also to millions of unauthorized immigrants without criminal records , who pay taxes , raise U.S. citizen kids and have contributed to their communities for years . Reform that calibrates incoming immigration flows to labor needs and ensures workers rights would raise wages throughout the U.S. economy . Such immigration reform could add $ 1.5 trillion to the nation 's GDP over 10 years , according to a study released in February by the think tanks Center for American Progress and Immigration Policy Center . Clearly , enforcement-only immigration policy is not enough . Piecemeal fixes have not worked . The United States needs a 21st century immigration system that will benefit all Americans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cheryl Little .	Cheryl Little says giving protected status to Haitian immigrants was wise She says such status was not granted in earlier disasters Little says further immigration changes would aid Haiti 's effort to recover from quake A comprehensive immigration reform bill would be a major step forward , she says
CNN  The photographs released by ISIS in its stronghold of Raqqa are dated March 2015 . The first ones show a large crowd , mostly men , but also among them a handful of women and children , all looking up . Three men on top of a building , faces covered in black balaclavas , stand on either side of their victim , while a fourth seems to be taking a photo or video . Their victim is thrown off the building . In the last photograph , he is seen face down , surrounded by a small crowd of men , most carrying weapons , some with rocks in their hands . The caption reads "  stoned to death . " The victim brutally killed because he was accused of being gay . There are at least half a dozen documented cases of men being similarly killed by ISIS . What 's even more sickening for Nour , a gay Syrian man , is the onlookers ' reaction . "  It 's too much to watch , and people are just standing there in these images and watching , and they are not doing anything , and their facial expressions are really scary because they are not even scared of what is going on , " says Nour , who 's also an LGBT rights activist . "  They might be a little bit excited or maybe happy to get rid of homosexuals in the city . " Though in Istanbul , fear of persecution continues to haunt Nour , who asked us to conceal his identity as he waits and hopes for asylum in America and continues to campaign for rights for people who are LGBT -- lesbian , gay , bisexual and trans . As a teenager , over a decade ago , Nour suffered because of his sexuality . "  The worst bullying was at school , " he remembers . "  I was approached in the street a number of times , verbally abused and sometimes physically abused . " There was no one to protect him . His family rejected his sexual orientation , his country criminalized it . Article 520 of the Syrian Penal Code of 1949 states : "  Any unnatural sexual intercourse shall be punished with a term of imprisonment of up to three years . " Nour left Syria in 2012 , before ISIS took over huge swaths of the country , after seeing a video of two men being beheaded . According to the voice on the clip , they are accused of being spies . Then toward the end , the voice speaks about "  shaking the throne of God . " "  Whenever we hear this in video or audio , we know that this is exactly meant for gay people , " he says . "  It was the moment of clarity , the moment of understanding ; this place is not safe anymore . " The pictures released by ISIS and other videos refer to gay men as the tribe of Lot , who , according to readings of the Quran and the hadith , or prophetic traditions , sinned by refusing Prophet Lot 's call to cease their homosexual activity and led to the destruction of Sodom . One hadith states , "  When a man mounts another man , the throne of God shakes . " Since the revolution turned war in Syria , the situation for the nation 's LGBT community has become even more dire . "  LGBT people in Syria need help , and they need to be supported . We tried to reach out to some groups , international entities , and they said that LGBT people in Syria are not our priority , and that would mean that our lives are not worthy for them to rescue , " Nour says . This week , the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission , a nongovernmental organization based in New York , started "  Do n't Turn Away , " an awareness-raising campaign calling for action to protect LGBT Syrians and Iraqis from ISIS ' merciless brutality . On its website , the group states , "  What is clear is the Islamic State 's intent -- to spread terror among an already persecuted population in the region and to warn against any kind of ` moral ' transgression . " The commission is calling on governments and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to expedite resettlement and refugee applications for LGBTs . Sami and his partner are among those waiting . Dressed in matching outfits , they already consider themselves married , laughing about how they first met online . They too , like Nour , do n't want their identities revealed . When Sami 's family found out about his relationship , he says , his brother tried to beat him up . He started to receive threatening phone calls from family and strangers . This past summer , while the couple was walking in the streets in Damascus , a car tried to run them over . "  I was able to pull myself away , but my husband could n't , " Sami recalls . "  The car hit his leg and he fell to the ground . " There is no doubt that it was a deliberate attempt to kill them . Two hours after the attack , Sami 's phone rang . "  There was a man who said this time you could have made it , you could have survived , but the next time you will not . " The couple fled to Turkey a few months ago , but they ca n't shake the fear that their relationship could cost them their lives . They share housing with other Syrian refugees , where they have to continue to pretend that they are straight . When the ISIS photographs emerged , one of their housemates made a sickening comment . "  He made an absurd joke about how he was so amused , had too much fun watching homosexuals . He says now gay men can fly . " They say they will never return to Syria . And neither will Nour . "  It 's too damaging for my psychological state , because I have been abused too much from my family , friends , school . It 's not safe for me psychologically or physically , " he says . Opinion : ISIS 's warped take on morality	"  LGBT people in Syria need help , and they need to be supported , " says Nour , a Syrian gay rights activist now living in Turkey "  We tried to reach out to some groups , international entities , and they said that LGBT people in Syria are not our priority , " he says The International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission is calling for action to protect LGBT Syrians and Iraqis from ISIS
CNN  -- The frail , humble man wrapped in a loincloth wearing round-rimmed spectacles is a symbol of India 's independence from British rule that happened today , 66 years ago . The late Mohandas Gandhi  1869 - 1948  is affectionately known as Mahatma  Sanskrit for "  great soul "  and the father of the nation -- the instigator of peaceful , nonviolent protest that influenced social and political change . Today , who carries the torch and continues this future superpower 's fight for a land that 's fair and free ? CNN has compiled the following list of a handful of India 's modern day activists on Twitter , in no particular order : .	India marks Independence Day on August 15 66 years since independence from British rule
Guatemala City  CNN  -- The World Bank will support Central American security efforts with $ 1 billion in loans for the next two years , Guatemalan state media reported Wednesday . That money will be in addition to $ 200 million the bank already has provided to different countries for fighting organized crime , the state-run Guatemalan News Agency reported , citing the bank 's vice president for Latin America and the Caribbean . Bank officials are among the international leaders gathered in Guatemala City for a two-day regional security conference . "  In meetings of this kind I see regional leadership , international solidarity , institutional commitment and unprecedented unity among the different national and international actors , and above all , consensus , " World Bank Vice President Pamela Cox said , according to the news agency . Earlier Wednesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States would increase the security aid it provides to Central America this year to help combat a wave of violence sweeping the region . Additional U.S. funding will go toward special police units , a regional crime observatory and support to train judges and prosecutors , Clinton told leaders gathered at a regional security conference in Guatemala City . "  You have identified your priorities . You have set your strategy . And we will respond with almost $ 300 million this year , backed up by an action plan that is focused on high-impact investments to help you build new capabilities and create the reforms you need from within , " Clinton said . President Barack Obama pledged more than $ 200 million when he visited El Salvador earlier this year , she said . The source of the funding was not immediately clear . On Monday , Assistant Secretary of State Arturo Valenzuela told reporters Clinton may announce "  repackaging " some assistance . Clinton said the United States has "  shared responsibility " for violence in the region . "  We know the demand for drugs rests largely in my own country , " she said . But she stressed that Central American countries must lead the fight against corruption and organized crime . "  We will all be your ready partners , but we want and need to follow your lead , " she said . Several Latin American leaders at the meeting said the United States must play a key role combating violence in the region . Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom said his country was reaching the limit of its ability to fight cartels . "  Eight killed per ton passing through Guatemala is a lot of blood . If you pass through Honduras there are 20 murders and if we add it up , a ton of cocaine has too high a human cost . We must reduce consumption and control arms , " Colom said . Mexican President Felipe Calderon , who has repeatedly said U.S. weapons and drug demand are fueling his country 's drug war , said more must be done . "  If the sale of cocaine is a market of $ 35 billion in the United States , according to that calculation , a good part of these billions of dollars must be used to feed the criminal organizations here , " Calderon said . "  The international aid should be at least equivalent to the flow of money in dollars that the criminals receive here to organize and to kill . " The conference is scheduled to continue Thursday , when leaders are expected to hash out a more detailed regional plan . The meeting comes a week after Guatemalan authorities announced a monthlong extension of the "  state of siege " in the northern border province of Peten -- a move that increases military control to crack down on organized crime in the area . Colom declared the emergency measure in May after investigators found the bodies of 27 dismembered and decapitated workers on a farm in Peten . Authorities have said members of Mexico 's Zetas drug cartel were responsible . The slayings provided brutal evidence of what analysts say is a dramatic spike in violence across the region as Mexican drug cartels expand their reach . "  As you look at the pressure placed on Mexican cartels from the U.S. side of the border , you 're going to see more and more of a southbound exodus , " said Fred Burton , vice president of the STRATFOR global intelligence agency . Social and political conditions in Central America provide a fertile recruiting ground for cartels , said Samuel Logan , founding director of Southern Pulse , an online information network focused on Latin America . High unemployment and few jobs mean many are forced to turn to criminal activities to make ends meet , he said . "  Ultimately , what it comes down to is money . In Mexico , the stakes are bigger , the pots of money are bigger , " he said . Money also has allowed Mexican organizations to wield significant influence with political leaders in Central American countries , many of which already had a longstanding history of institutional corruption , he said . "  Instead of bending over backwards , you get them to do somersaults , " Logan said . But despite the significant security problems the region faces , Burton said this week 's conference is a positive sign that leaders may step up efforts to stop violence . "  Discussion and dialogue is better than doing nothing , so the more exchanges you have along these lines , certainly the better off you are , " he said . CNNMexico.com , journalist Patzy Vasquez and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Billion is in addition to $ 200 million provided for fighting organized crime Clinton says the U.S. will send $ 300 million in aid to Central America this year The U.S. funds will be used for police , a regional crime observatory and judicial training Analysts say violence is growing in the region as Mexican cartels expand their reach
CNN  -- Somalian supermodel Waris Dirie has graced the pages of glossy magazines and starred opposite 007 as a Bond Girl . Face for change : Dirie is a tireless campaigner against FGM . But her glamorous appearances on catwalks and in magazines and films belies the personal battles Dirie has had to overcome . Dirie is a leading voice against forced circumcision and female genital mutilation  FGM  and struggled to overcome her own circumcision at the age of five . The forthcoming film , "  Desert Flower " , based on her biography , tells her story . Yet it is through her charitable foundation that Dirie hopes that the practice still common in traditions in parts of Africa , the Middle East , South American and Asia will not create more cases similar to her own . Growing up with a nomadic family in Somalia she was one of 12 children . She fled to the London , where one of her uncles was working in the Somali embassy , to avoid an arranged marriage with an older man . She was just 13-years-old at the time . After working as a housemaid and in a McDonald 's restaurant she was spotted by chance by fashion photographer Terrance Donovan and became the covergirl for the 1987 Pirelli calendar . Becoming the face of beauty products and design houses , her successful modeling career has given her a life far removed from her childhood . Yet for Dirie more importantly it has created a platform to campaign against FGM . In 2002 she created the Waris Dirie Foundation and has been given a number of honors in recognition of her work .	Somalian supermodel and human rights activist Campaigns against female genital mutilation ; suffered circumcision age just five Fled from Somali to UK as a teenager ; spotted by fashion photographer Set up Waris Dirie Foundation in 2002 ; received numerous award for her work
If you get arrested in California , the photos , e-mails and other personal data on your cell phone soon could be a bit safer from prying police eyes soon . A bill passed by the state legislature would require law-enforcement officers to obtain a warrant before searching the cell phone of a person placed under arrest . If signed by the governor , the bill would override a January ruling by the California Supreme Court . According to California Sen. Mark Leno , who sponsored the legislation , this ruling had "  legalized the warrantless search of cell phones during an arrest , regardless of whether the information on the phone is relevant to the arrest or if criminal charges are ever filed . " The new California law unanimously passed in the state Assembly . Gov. Jerry Brown has until October 9 to sign it into law , according to a spokesman from the governor 's office . Under this legislation , California law enforcement officers would have to first obtain a search warrant when there is probable cause to believe a suspect 's portable electronic device contains evidence of a crime . The Peace Officers Research Association of California , which opposed the bill , argued : "  Restricting the authority of a peace officer to search an arrestee unduly restricts their ability to apply the law , fight crime , discover evidence valuable to an investigation and protect the citizens of California . " The California legislature disagreed , finding that "  once in the exclusive control of the police , cellular telephones do not ordinarily pose a threat to officer safety . " Furthermore , lawmakers found that existing practices -- including confiscating the phone  without searching it  or promptly applying to a judge for a search warrant -- alleviate concerns about destruction of evidence . This is n't just about cell phones . The wording of this law specifically refers to "  portable electronic devices , " defined as : "  any portable device that is capable of creating , receiving , accessing , or storing electronic data or communications . " So in addition to cell phones this might conceivably cover tablet computers , laptops , netbooks , e-readers , media players , gaming devices , digital cameras , audio recorders , external hard drives , flash drives and other devices available now or in the future . The new law can strengthen the rights to freedom of speech and assembly in California . The prior court ruling -- though aimed mainly at gathering evidence about criminal activity such as drug deals or prostitution -- also could be used by police to gain intelligence about the identities or activities of people at protests or other public or private gatherings . Hanni Fakhoury , staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , explained why law-abiding citizens should worry about warrantless cell phone searches . "  It 's really easy to pick on people who have been arrested and charged with crimes . But that subset could get expanded to cover everyone . Also , an arrest is not the same as a conviction . " The new law also strengthens California 's protections for journalists and their sources , according to the California Newspaper Publishers Association . The state 's "  shield law , " which prohibits the state or other litigants from subpoenaing reporters ' unpublished notes or other sensitive information related to their work . Many reporters keep such information on their cell phones and other devices , and it 's not unheard of for journalists to get arrested in California . Fakhoury noted that once police do obtain a warrant to search an arrestee 's phone or other portable electronic device , it 's possible that everything on that device might become fair game for law enforcement or prosecution . "  If they have a search warrant , depending on its scope , it might be tough to restrict what information on phones they get and how they use it , " he said . "  Courts are divided on this . They recognize that there must be limits to searches -- but they also know that incriminating evidence can be anywhere , and it 's likely to be hidden . " In recent months the issue of warrantless cell phone searches has arisen in several states with varying results . For instance , the Ohio Supreme Court barred warrantless cell phone searches , but lower courts in Georgia and Florida have upheld such searches . And in May the Oregon Supreme Court declined to hear the case of James Tyler Nix , which could have disallowed warrantless cell phone searches in that state . Fakhoury of EFF believes that California 's new law sends a strong message to other courts and legislatures around the U.S. -- including the U.S. Supreme Court . "  I certainly see this issue ending up in the U.S. Supreme Court at some point , " said Fakhoury . "  None of the cases involved relied solely on state law . They all raised constitutional issues . There would be no reason for the Supreme Court not to get involved . "	New law would override a January ruling by the California Supreme Court Law would require police in that state to obtain a warrant before searching someone 's cell phone The Peace Officers Research Association of California opposed the law
CNN  -- Two secret blitzes . Two high-value targets . Two very different results . U.S. forces launched dual raids on the northern and eastern coasts of Africa over the weekend in the hunt for two alleged terrorists : Abu Anas al Libi , a suspected al Qaeda operative wanted for the deadly 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa , and an Al-Shabaab foreign fighter commander named Ikrima . American forces snatched al Libi in the Libyan capital Saturday morning . But 3,000 miles away , the plan to catch Ikrima did n't go as planned . Navy SEALs came under heavy fire during their raid and had to retreat -- not knowing whether Ikrima was dead or alive . While officials have disclosed some details , many questions remain . Here are the five key ones : 1 . What 's next for al Libi ? He spent 15 years on the run and had a $ 5 million reward on his head . But he was captured in less than a minute by U.S. Army Delta Force members outside his home in Tripoli . The Pentagon said the U.S. military was holding al Libi in a "  secure location " outside Libya . There , a team of officials from the FBI , the CIA and other intelligence agencies will grill him for intelligence on al Qaeda . Eventually , he 'll be taken to New York to face federal charges . U.S. authorities have long wanted al Libi to stand trial in an American court for his alleged role in the embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania that left over 200 dead and thousands wounded . In December 2010 , Libyan authorities told a U.N. committee that al Libi was living there , even giving a Tripoli address for him . But al Libi had n't been apprehended until now because of the delicate security situation in much of Libya , where ex-jihadists -- especially those who once belonged to the Libyan Islamic Fighters Group -- held considerable sway since the ultimate ouster of longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi . There 's no extradition treaty between Libya and the United States . And Libya 's interim government has called al Libi 's capture a "  kidnapping . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry disputes that . He described al Libi as a key al Qaeda figure who is a "  legal and an appropriate target . " Kerry said Monday that al Libi "  will now have an opportunity to defend himself and to be appropriately brought to justice in a court of law . " Ruthless leader aims to extend reach of Al-Shabaab , eyes the West 2 . Could al Libi be a treasure trove of information ? That 's the hope , but it might not happen . Edith Bartley , who lost her father and brother in the embassy attack in Nairobi , said she was relieved when Osama bin Laden -- also indicted in the embassy attacks -- was killed in 2011 . But she 's also happy that al Libi is in U.S. hands . "  Certainly , we are very pleased to know that we can have someone who is captured , and for the wealth of information that may be available to our intelligence community and our military personnel , " she said . "  You ca n't put a price on that . " If he talks , al Libi could offer valuable information on men he worked with inside Libya , as well as al Qaeda in general . "  He is a big catch . He is going to know about the Libyan branch of al Qaeda , " CNN National Security Analyst Bob Baer said . "  He knows the entire infrastructure of the early days of bin Laden . Catching this guy alive , he 's got a lot to say , a lot -- carrying a lot of phone numbers , all sorts of knowledge . " But some think al Libi probably does n't know much about the current operational details of al Qaeda . "  There 's a lot of thought out there that al Libi may have sort of gone into semi-retirement , " CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr said . "  Maybe he was in Libya , of course , to start an al Qaeda operation there , but had sort of moved away over the last 15 years from some of his potential activities . " Libyan counterterrorism analyst Noman Benotman , a former jihadist associate of al Libi 's , also said his former colleague has been out of the game for a while . Al Libi 's wife agreed , saying he was living a normal life and was not in hiding . She said he actually reapplied for a job with the oil ministry . Umm Abdul Rahman said her husband left al Qaeda in 1996 and had no connection to the twin 1998 bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . "  I am sure of what I am saying -- he did not take part in any bombing anywhere in the world , " Rahman told CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh . "  He participated in the jihad in Afghanistan . ... . He was a member of al Qaeda and he was personal security for bin Laden -- that 's true -- but he did not take part in any operation . " Opinion : Good thing U.S. terrorist hunters were n't furloughed 3 . Who is Ikrima ? The target of the U.S. raid in Somalia was named Ikrima -- a Kenyan of Somali origin , a senior administration official told CNN . He has been on the U.S. radar for at least three years . Before dawn Saturday , a team of Navy SEALs zoomed in by speedboat and snuck up on a seaside villa in southern Somalia . Soon afterward , the sounds of heavy gunfire and several large explosions echoed across the port city of Barawe . After coming under fire , the SEALs made a "  prudent decision " to pull back , a senior U.S. official said . They withdrew , unable to confirm whether they killed their target , the official said . A recent Kenyan intelligence report alleged that Ikrima was behind several foiled terror conspiracies against targets in Kenya between 2011 and 2013 . The most recent was a plot to attack Mandera Airport in Kenya 's North Eastern Province in April . Kenyan officials said last year that Ikrima had a significant role in recruiting and training Kenyans in Al-Shabaab . He is thought to have been a close associate of the Saleh Ali Nabhan , a fellow Kenyan and senior al Qaeda operative in east Africa , who was believed to have been connected to the embassy attacks .  Ali Nabhan was killed by U.S. forces in 2009 in Somalia . Ikrima also appears to be close to Al-Shabaab leader Mukhtar Abu Zubayr , who also goes by Ahmed Abdi Godane . Al-Shabaab , of course , is the al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia . Most recently , it made headlines when it claimed responsibility for the days-long deadly attack at Kenya 's upscale Westgate mall in Nairobi in September . At least 67 people were killed in that siege . 4 . Were the raids a coincidence or were they coordinated ? The two missions have one thing in common : the 1998 embassy bombings . Al Libi was wanted for his alleged role in attacks . And Ikrima is closely associated with Saleh Ali Nabhan , also accused of being part of the attacks . But U.S. officials have not talked specifics about the timing . "  Sometimes that depends on the moment of opportunity . You can be watching and then the moment of opportunity comes up and you have to take it , " says CNN foreign affairs correspondent Jill Dougherty . President Barack Obama gave his go-ahead and was updated as the operations proceeded . The missions , however , are unlikely to help buoy Obama as he battles House Republicans amidst a partial government shutdown . "  I would submit to you right now most Americans remain focused on the economy . They remain focused on the government shutdown and the upcoming debt ceiling lifting or not lifting , depending on what Congress decides to do , " CNN chief political correspondent Candy Crowley said . But David Rennie of The Economist said the missions are a reminder that "  even an American president who is domestically very frustrated wields extraordinary executive powers . " U.S. forces strike in Libya , Somalia 5 . Who is next ? The operatives of the 9/11 era are largely dead or captured . And key operatives like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- an alleged 9/11 mastermind -- are detained at Guantanamo Bay . Topping the list of still-wanted is Ayman al Zawahiri , the leader of al Qaeda . With a $ 25 million reward on his head , Zawahiri is believed to be hiding in Pakistan . But some of the biggest targets are part of the new al Qaeda affiliates like Al-Shabaab -- including its top leader , Godane . "  By formally merging with al Qaeda and doing an attack in which Americans were targeted , this group has put itself in the sights of the United States , " CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said . The United States is also hunting for other emerging terrorist leaders . Nasser al-Wuhayshi is a one-time bin Laden aide and leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  . The Yemen-based group is now considered one of the most lethal . CNN 's Tim Lister , Paul Cruickshank and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	U.S. forces launched raids in Libya and Somalia over the weekend They captured Abu Anas al Libi , a suspected al Qaeda operative , in Tripoli Navy SEALs came under fire while trying to get an Al-Shabaab fighter in Somalia
CNN  -- A week after dismissing the nation 's prime minister , Libya 's General National Congress late Sunday selected a new man -- Ali Zeidan -- to assume the post . Mohamed al-Magariaf , the head of the North African nation 's national assembly , announced Zeidan 's ascension to prime minister in a statement Sunday . He got 93 votes from Libyan lawmakers , eight more than his closest contender , Mohammed al-Harary . Zeidan , a former diplomat , has been given an October 28 deadline to form an interim government . Last Sunday , the same congress rejected Prime Minister-elect Mustafa Abushagur 's crisis government proposal , resulting in his automatic dismissal less than a month after he was appointed . The vote was overwhelmingly against Abushagur 's plan , with 125 voting "  no confidence , " 44 "  confidence " and 17 abstaining . Libyans went to the polls three months ago to elect GNC members -- the nation 's first elected body in almost half a century -- with expectations of change and progress that elected officials could bring about . Now public frustration is mounting with the lack of security , the slow process of creating a strong army and police force and rebuilding the country after the ouster of longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi . Read more : Libyan militias melt into desert , wait for another day Born in Waddan , a Saharan desert town in central Libya , the embattled country 's new prime minister was educated in India and served as a Libyan diplomat from 1975 to 1982 , according to the official Libyan News Agency . Zeidan left Gadhafi 's government that year and joined the National Front for the Salvation of Libya , a prominent left-leaning opposition group . And in 1989 , he became the official spokesman of the Libyan League for Human Rights . With Gadhafi 's ouster , Zeidan returned to assume roles in his native country , including as the National Transitional Council 's envoy to France . Read more : U.S. sends new acting ambassador to Libya CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Libya 's assembly tapped Mustafa Abushagur as prime minister on September 12 They rejected his crisis government plan last Sunday , resulting in his dismissal Ali Zeidan is named the next prime minister ; he has two weeks to form a government He is a human rights advocate and diplomat
If you 're planning to stay home New Year 's Day and stream classic movies on Netflix , you may be out of luck . More than 80 movies and a handful of TV shows -- including "  Titanic , " "  Top Gun " and some seasons of "  Saturday Night Live " -- will no longer be available for streaming through the site as of Wednesday , according to a post on Reddit . It was not clear who posted the list , but a search on Netflix for many of the titles reveals that they will indeed expire Wednesday for Netflix 's nearly 40 million streaming subscribers . The company 's DVD customers -- it has about 7 million in the U.S. -- may still order the discs in the mail . A spokesperson for Netflix told CNN that the company routinely adds and deletes titles from its streaming service due to licensing contracts . The list of streaming movies due to expire includes such favorites as "  Being John Malkovich , " "  Braveheart , " "  Do the Right Thing , " "  Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , " "  Flashdance , " "  Roman Holiday , " "  Platoon " and "  War Games . " It also includes "  Breakin ' 2 : Electric Boogaloo " and "  Killer Klowns From Outer Space . " Among the TV shows being purged from Netflix 's streaming menu : the original "  Dark Shadows , " "  Mr Bean " and "  The Kids in the Hall . " A number of new titles also will become available for streaming on Netflix at or near the first of the year , including "  Jack Reacher , " "  The Talented Mr. Ripley , " "  Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters " and seasons 5-8 of "  Dexter , " the spokesperson said . On Monday , Netflix also began offering some new members a single-device streaming plan for $ 6.99 a month -- a dollar less than its current two-screen streaming option .	More than 80 movies , shows will no longer be available to stream on Netflix on Wednesday List includes "  Titanic , " "  Top Gun , " "  Being John Malkovich , " "  The Kids in the Hall " The company 's DVD customers may still order the discs in the mail
New Delhi  CNN  -- Director Woody Allen pulled his latest film , "  Blue Jasmine , " from movie theaters in India because the country 's laws require an anti-smoking ad every time a character lights up on screen . The movie , starring actress Cate Blanchett as a troubled New York socialite , was due for release in India this month . Indian distributor PVR Pictures confirmed to CNN that it would not longer be releasing the movie in the country . "  We have to abide by the law of the land . It 's fine , " said Deepak Sharma , PVR chief operating officer . The film , written by Woody Allen and also starring actor Alec Baldwin , went on general release in the United States in August . A representative for Woody Allen said the film was pulled because of the Indian Ministry of Health 's requirement that an anti-smoking warning be shown when any smoking scene is aired as part of a movie . Allen 's films sometimes feature smoking prominently .	Woody Allen 's latest movie , "  Blue Jasmine , " will not be screened in India India 's laws require anti-smoking adverts to be shown when characters light up on screen "  We have to abide by the law of the land , " the film 's Indian distributor says The movie , starring Cate Blanchett and Alec Baldwin , has won critical acclaim
CNN  -- Apple learned an important lesson this week : Not everyone likes U2 . And even those who do really do n't like it when you put music in their libraries without asking . A week after giving away a U2 album to most iTunes users , Apple has announced a way for customers to get rid of it . The company released instructions on how to delete the album from an iCloud account , complete with a giant "  Remove Album " button . Somewhere , a single tear is rolling down Bono 's cheek . At the end of Apple 's iPhone and Apple Watch announcement last week , the company trotted out the rock supergroup to announce a major marketing collaboration . Is the Apple Watch a game changer ? Apple was giving away U2 's first new album in five years , "  Songs of Innocence , " to 500 million iTunes customers for free . It was a clever way to get more people to sign up for iTunes , and Apple even produced a special ad to promote the collaboration . Unfortunately , instead of just offering customers the option to download the album for free , Apple went ahead and gave it to them without asking . The album was dropped into the 500 million active iCloud accounts in 119 countries . The people who have their iTunes account set up to automatically download any purchases saw the files on their computers and mobile devices . Many complained that the way the album was distributed was invasive . It also came off as tone-deaf , since it happened so soon after iCloud 's security was scrutinized for its part in high-profile celebrity photo hacks . Apple spent up to $ 100 million on the U2 marketing campaign , according to The New York Times .	Apple has posted instructions for deleting the free U2 album from an iCloud account The company gave iTunes customers the album for free last week Many people were unhappy that the files were added to their accounts without permission
CNN  -- Ian Livingstone may not be the father of Lara Croft , but maybe at 63 he can be labeled the grandfather of Lara , the Tomb Raider . On the eve of the reboot of the franchise , with a younger and more realistic Lara , the life president of Eidos told me about that snowy night in March of 1995 when he reluctantly decided to travel to Derby England via car from Birmingham . He is forever grateful that he did . Livingstone was being shown around the offices of Core Design as he was doing due diligence ahead of a possible takeover by Eidos . "  In the very last room , " Ian recalled , "  I think you could say it was love at first sight . There was this amazing character , on screen . It was the very first character with 3-D model , in a 3-D that was a female character . " For a generation , video games had been 2-D worlds with the action moving across the screen . "  Here is one with the character moving into the screen . And there she was , Lara Croft . And we had to have her . It was quite radical . Up to then , games were played mainly by teenage boys and the games were made were also men , so they tended to make male heroes . " Eidos bought Core Design and in 1996 Lara Croft , with her short trousers and large bust , hit computer screens . The game became huge . Since then , 30 million copies of Tomb Raider have been sold , before the launch of the new Tomb Raider Monday . But before you think Livingstone lucked into finding Lara Croft quietly being designed by Toby Gard at Core Design , this was 20 years in the making . Livingstone and his school friend Steve Jackson enjoyed playing board games , especially role-playing games . They started to write role-playing books and eventually discovered the American game Dungeons and Dragons . They got the exclusive European distribution rights to the board game on the back of ordering just six copies of D&D , according to Livingstone , and the set about trying to sell the games to stores . It was n't easy . "  We had to live in a van for three months as we tried to get people to understand this strange role-playing game , " Livingstone told me . However , he added , "  we never shied away from the challenge . We ended up opening our own shops because other people were reluctant to stock the games . " That string of stores , known as Games Workshop , set them on their way . And board games to video games was a natural progression . Now , with a CBE in the pocket and the honor title of Life President for Eidos -- a brand name now owned by Square Enix -- Livingstone is more of a advocate for the British video games and film graphics business . The UK was once in the top three in terms of games and graphics business , but has slipped to six . Livingstone says he knows why . British schools . "  The curriculum was simply teaching children how to use technology , not how to make technology , " Livingstone told me . "  So it was making digital users , not digital makers . " Livingstone and Alex Hope , of Double Negative , were asked to make recommendations to the government to transform the school curriculum to teach people how to program , and not just use , video games . As Livingstone likes to point out , the UK games and graphics business is bigger than the film industry . And the industry supplies the film industry but also the military , among other customers . As for the new Tomb Raider , the reset is a chance to introduce Lara Croft to a new audience and make her a more realistic role model . "  Back in the 90s , it was more of a sort of cartoon character , " Livingstone said . "  And now it 's a realistic character . And realism goes to looks , behavior , and everything about the woman is real . " That includes Lara being younger and with a smaller bust size . "  In past Tomb Raiders , the combat had not been as real as it might have been . So , the decision was made to give it that gritty realism . And she was no longer that armor-plated Teflon-coated hero . Here was this character that you played as Lara , who could sustain damage . " But not be raped , Livingstone told me , recalling a misstep by an employee who said last year that one scene could be seen as the prelude to a sexual assault . "  There was no rape implication . There was a threat which she survived by throwing off her adversary . " The player has the tools to overcome the man and kill him within seconds , Livingstone said . With the reboot now out , it ca n't be long before we read of a new Lara Croft film with a new , younger , actress to set the mark for a new franchise . Then , more games must be on the cards . Lara lives on .	Thirty million copies of Tomb Raider had been sold before the launch of the new Tomb Raider on March 4 Livingstone likes to point out the UK games and graphics business is bigger than the film industry For a generation , video games had been 2-D worlds with the action moving across the screen , writes Boulden
Beijing  CNN  -- Days before a court in eastern China announced the date for delivering the much anticipated verdict in the trial of Bo Xilai , the disgraced Communist Party leader reiterated his innocence but anticipated lengthy imprisonment in a letter to his family . "  I was dragged into this and really wronged , but the truth will come out one day , " wrote Bo in a letter dated September 12 , referring to the bribes allegedly taken by his wife and other scandals involving her and her friends . "  Meanwhile I will be waiting quietly in prison , " Bo continued . "  Dad was thrown into prison multiple times in his lifetime and I will look up to him as my role model . " Bo 's late father , Bo Yibo , was a revolutionary contemporary of Chairman Mao Zedong and late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping . During the tumultuous Cultural Revolution that Mao launched in 1966 , however , the senior Bo was persecuted , tortured and imprisoned for over a decade . He was "  rehabilitated " in 1979 and became one of the most influential senior politicians under Deng . 5 big moments from the trial "  Dad and Mom have passed away , but their teachings are deeply ingrained in my mind , " Bo wrote . "  I will never bring disgrace to them and their glory . I can bear the suffering no matter how great it is . "  I have put Mom 's photo by my bed . With her by my side , I do n't feel lonely . " A source with close ties to the Bo family confirmed to CNN the authenticity of the letter , which has been circulating on the Internet . She adds that the content online is only part of the original letter , which appears to be addressing the family members -- including a son and four siblings -- present in the courtroom during his trial . Timeline : The Bo scandal In a hearing on Sunday , the Jinan Intermediate People 's Court in the province of Shandong found Bo guilty of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power . He was sentenced to life in prison . During the hearings of the politically sensitive trial that took place last month , Bo , 64 , strongly challenged the prosecution 's case against him , according to accounts published by the court . The closely watched trial was considered to be much more transparent than most cases in China . But international and independent journalists were n't allowed inside the courtroom , and doubts were raised about the fullness of the court 's version of events . High conviction rate His trial brought to light a wealth of eye-opening details about the apparently lavish and emotionally fraught life of his family and inner circle , giving Chinese people insights into how some of the ruling elite live . Read more : Corruption fight a political purge ? Bo 's glittering career , during which he drew both admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year amid a scandal involving murder , betrayal and financial skullduggery . Dramatic downfall The son of a revolutionary veteran , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policy-making body of the Communist Party . He had been tipped to ascend farther up the party hierarchy . A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing , a metropolis in southwestern China . But when his deputy , Wang Lijun , walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February 2012 and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was involved in a murder case , Bo 's career began to unravel . Wang 's move precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his party posts . A court found Gu guilty last year of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room in 2011 . She was given a suspended death sentence . The following month , Wang was convicted of bending the law for selfish ends , defection , abuse of power and bribe-taking . He received a 15-year prison sentence . Wang and Gu both appeared as witnesses at Bo 's trial last month . Bo attacked their testimony and even claimed that Wang and Gu had been romantically involved . Was Bo Xilai 's trial in China truly transparent ? CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Disgraced Communist Party leader reiterated his innocence in letter to family Bo referenced his father , a revolutionary , who was himself imprisoned The former party chief in Chongqing was sentenced to life in prison on Sunday Found guilty of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power
Sen. Rand Paul surprised members of the Foreign Relations Committee on Thursday when he threatened to force a vote on a declaration of war against ISIS as an amendment to an unrelated bill dealing with clean drinking water around the world . The Kentucky Republican , frustrated that Congress has n't voted to formally okay the military operation already underway against the terrorist group , said he hoped his move would "  shame " the Congress into action . "  I think the most important duty of a legislator is to vote yea or nay on whether or not we are sending our young men and women to war , " Paul told CNN . "  I think we 've been derelict in our duty , Congress has abdicated that duty . The President , I think , in his arrogance , has assumed that he does n't even need to ask . " The unexpected move by Paul , a potential 2016 presidential candidate , prompted Democrats to quickly counter with proposals of their own and launched a spirited debate inside a small , camera-less committee room in the Capitol about the role Congress should play in approving military strikes . There were no TV cameras because none of the television outlets that cover Congress had planned to cover action on the somewhat obscure water bill . During the debate , Democrats like Chris Murphy of Connecticut and Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire , argued the senators had a solemn obligation to their constituents to vote on an Authorization for Use of Military Force , even if it 's unlikely Congress can complete action on it before the congressional session ends in a few days . But Republicans like Bob Corker of Tennessee , who will be the committee chairman next year , argued the debate was being "  rushed " and that the administration itself has n't said what it wants or needs in an AUMF . He argued that a lot of the "  passion " in the room was from Democrats "  wanting to go on record not wanting boots on the ground . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , complained the proposals had some "  very strange things " in them , including restrictions on ground troops . He said that would make it very difficult for the U.S. to defeat ISIS . He argued that the reason the administration has not asked for an AUMF is because "  they have no strategy " against ISIS . McCain said it was "  ludicrous " a "  nice little water bill " was used as a vehicle for a war authorization that has little chance of passing Congress . "  It 's a living , breathing argument against lame duck sessions , ' he said . In the end , committee leaders got everyone to agree to push off action until next week , when they promised a more structured and focused debate . Committee Chairman Robert Menendez said they want Secretary of State John Kerry to testify in open session Monday about what the administration is looking for in an AUMF . That would be followed by a classified session with Kerry or other administration officials where they could go into greater detail about the military strategy to defeat ISIS . Finally , on Wednesday , the committee would reconvene in open session for a more full debate and votes on AUMF language and amendments . "  We will now have the opportunity to engage in meaningful , transparent debate ion the U.S. military mission against ISIL , as I 've been calling for since military action began nearly four months ago , " said Sen. Tim Kaine , D-Virginia , a leading advocate for Congress to vote on an AUMF . "  We owe it to our service members and the American people to have this debate and take this vote before adjourning for the year and I 'm pleased we 're on track to do so in the right way . " TV cameras will probably show up this time .	Sen. Rand Paul threatened Thursday to force a vote on a declaration of war against ISIS Paul 's move came during an unrelated Foreign Relations Committee meeting Senators debate the role Congress should play in approving military strikes Senators agreed to push off action on ISIS until next week
Beijing  CNN  -- Criticism of lax food safety standards at Chinese companies abounded on microblogging sites in China on Tuesday following the latest scare involving dairy products in the country . Tests found that cartons of milk made by Mengniu Dairy Co. , the largest Chinese dairy company , had excessive levels of aflatoxin M1 , a substance that can cause liver cancer . The tests were carried out by the Chinese Administration of Quality Supervision in an inspection of nationwide milk products on Saturday . The toxin came from contaminated feed consumed by the cows that produced the milk , China 's official news agency , Xinhua , reported . The milk cartons did not make it to market but remained in storage during the inspection , according to a statement from the company on Sunday . Mengniu said that it had destroyed all the toxic milk as it sought to reassure consumers on its commitment to product safety . Mengniu "  once again would like to sincerely apologize to all consumers , " said the statement . "  We should earnestly learn from this lesson and comply with state and company quality and inspection standards with precision and care , making sure our product quality from every sector is approved in the future . " Users commenting on Chinese social media sites offered scathing opinions about the management of Chinese companies following Mengniu 's admission of problems . "  Businesses in China are destroyed by Chinese businessmen themselves , " said one user on Sina Weibo , the Chinese equivalent of Twitter . "  Do n't ever blame us on buying foreign goods . " "  If I have a baby one day , I will also buy safer milk powder produced overseas , " the user wrote Tuesday . "  Let us boycott Mengniu altogether , show the shameless businessmen our strength . " said a posting by another user . Food safety scandals have blighted the dairy industry in China since 2008 , when melamine-tainted milk killed at least six babies and caused kidney stones and urinary tract problems in hundreds of thousands of children . Twenty-one people were tried and sentenced for their roles in the scandal , and two of them were executed . In April , the police in Southwestern China seized more than 26 tons of melamine-tainted milk intended for use in ice cream , according to local officials . Journalist Xiaoyu Luo contributed to this report .	The Chinese dairy company ` sincerely ' apologizes to customers for the problems The products , containing high levels of a potentially carcinogenic substance , have been destroyed The company says the products did not go on sale and remained in storage Chinese microblog users urge others to boycott the company 's products
Nina Pham was the first person to catch Ebola on U.S. soil , and now , 13 days after testing positive , she has been declared free of the deadly disease . Her first order of business will be to hug her dog , Bentley , she said Friday . She invoked God and science in expressing gratitude for her ongoing recovery from a disease that has no established cure . "  I feel fortunate and blessed to be standing here today , " she said . "  Throughout this ordeal , I have put my faith in God and my medical team . " Later Friday , President Barack Obama met Pham in the Oval Office and gave her a big hug . Prayer sustained her , and she thanked people around the world who prayed for her , Pham told reporters Friday at a National Institutes of Health hospital in Bethesda , Maryland . The nation saw a cheerful and composed Pham , dressed in a bright turquoise top and matching necklace , when she strode to a bank of microphones moments after Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said she was free of the virus . Complete coverage of Ebola She thanked Dr. Kent Brantly , the American physician who also survived Ebola , for donating his plasma to her while she was sick . But she 's not entirely out of the woods , she said . "  Although I no longer have Ebola , I know that it may be awhile before I have my strength back , " Pham said . "  So with gratitude and respect for everyone 's concern , I ask for my privacy and for my family 's privacy to be respected as I return to Texas and try to get back to a normal life and reunite with my dog , Bentley . " Bentley , a Cavalier King Charles spaniel , remains in quarantine until the end of the month in Texas , but Pham "  will be able to visit , hold and play with him tomorrow , " Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins said Friday . "  I know that will be good for both of them , " said Jenkins , who oversees the Ebola response in Dallas . A ` stressful and challenging ' time Pham , 26 , who grew up in a Vietnamese family in Fort Worth , Texas , graduated with a nursing degree in 2010 and just months ago received a certification in critical care nursing , which deals with life-threatening problems . The Ebola experience , she said , was a "  very stressful and challenging " time for her . Without direct reference to the continent , she alluded to how Ebola has ravaged West Africa in an unprecedented outbreak that the World Health Organization says has caused almost 10,000 confirmed or probable cases of infection and 4,877 deaths as of this week . "  I am on my way back to recovery even as I reflect on how many others have not been so fortunate , " she said . White House press secretary Josh Earnest called Pham 's case "  a pretty apt reminder that we do have the best medical infrastructure in the world . " "  The track record of treating Ebola patients in this country is very strong , particularly for those who are quickly diagnosed , " Earnest said . "  The fact that she has been treated and released I think is terrific news . " The first to catch virus on U.S. soil Can pets get or spread Ebola ? Pham was among the doctors and nurses in Dallas who treated Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States . His diagnosis came after he returned from a trip to West Africa , and he died on October 8 . Three days later , Pham tested positive for the Ebola virus , becoming the first person in the United States to contract Ebola on American soil . That sent waves of anxiety through the network of health care workers -- and beyond . Latest Ebola developments Those anxieties deepened on October 15 when a second nurse in Dallas , Amber Vinson , tested positive for Ebola . Vinson had flown from Dallas to Cleveland and back , prompting an airline to warn passengers on both legs of her trip as well as passengers who took subsequent flights on an aircraft she used . Some schools closed . Health departments monitored dozens of people . None of them has tested positive for Ebola . Pham said Friday that her thoughts are with Vinson , who is getting treatment for Ebola at Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . Vinson is steadily regaining her strength , and her spirits are high , her family has said . Doctors can no longer detect the virus in her body , but they have not yet determined when she will be discharged , the hospital in Atlanta said Friday .	President Obama gives a big hug to Nina Pham in the Oval Office Pham will be able to hold her dog , Bentley , though he remains quarantined Pham says "  it may be awhile before I have my strength back " The nurse contracted the Ebola virus after treating a patient in Dallas
CNN  -- A legal defense fund for an Oklahoma City police officer accused of sexually assaulting several women was dealt a setback by a social media website that shut down one of the fundraising efforts , the officer 's family said Thursday . Officer Daniel Holtzclaw , 27 , is being held in jail in lieu of a $ 500,000 bond and faces 16 charges for allegedly sexually assaulting several women while on the job , according to the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office . His bond was reduced Wednesday from $ 5 million . Holtzclaw 's family raised more than $ 7,300 on GoFundMe before the website shut down the "  Justice for Daniel Holtzclaw " fundraiser , said Jennifer Holtzclaw , the officer 's sister . "  We raised a little over $ 7,300 before the 5 % that is actually taken out for GoFundMe 's fee . I am going to reach out to them again today and ask for that 5 % back as they approved for the page to go up , " Jennifer Holtzclaw told CNN . She also sent an angry letter of complaint to GoFundMe and stated that "  within just a few days we had more than $ 7,000 raised because people do believe in Daniel 's innocence and not into the media hype that everyone is believing into !!!! " In an email Tuesday from GoFundMe to Jennifer Holtzclaw , the website said it "  reviews campaigns that have received a high number of complaints on a case-by-case basis . In this particular case , your campaign contains subject matter that GoFundMe would rather not be associated with . " In an email to CNN , GoFundMe said it reviews campaigns that draw "  a high volume of complaints . " "  In this particular case , GoFundMe determined that the fundraising campaign titled ` Justice for Daniel Holtzclaw ' would be removed from the site , " the firm said . The company did n't elaborate . The Holtzclaw fundraising campaign has also drawn controversial comments on its Facebook page , as family members acknowledged on that site that they turn off the comments field at night "  so we can get some needed rest from deleting horrible comments , " wrote relative Leslie A. Holtzclaw . The family is now raising funds for Daniel Holtzclaw 's bail through a PayPal email account listed on a Facebook page . That account was established late Wednesday and Jennifer Holtzclaw did n't have an immediate figure on how much has been raised , she said . The family is also selling "  Free The Claw " and " #Justice4DanielHoltzclaw " T-shirts for $ 25 and has sold 32 shirts for the legal fund , Jennifer Holtzclaw said . Daniel Holtzclaw has been in jail since his arrest last month . In the Oklahoma County courthouse on Wednesday , a judge entered a not guilty plea on behalf of Daniel Holtzclaw , who was silent in the face of charges of sexually assaulting eight women while in uniform or in his patrol car on the city 's northeast side , CNN affiliate KOCO reported . If Holtzclaw is able to post bond , he would be placed under house arrest in the Enid home of his father , Eric , who is a lieutenant with the Enid Police Department , according to the affiliate and the family 's Facebook pages .	GoFundMe approves then shuts down a fundraiser for Officer Daniel Holtzclaw "  Justice for Daniel Holtzclaw " was able to raise more than $ 7,300 But GoFundMe received "  a high number of complaints " about the campaign It "  contains subject matter that GoFundMe would rather not be associated with , " firm says
CNN  -- Just days after giving birth to her second child , Dr. Jane Dimer drove herself home from the hospital to find her then-husband in bed with another woman . He threw Dimer down the stairs , and she never saw him again until court . Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , before the Grammys on February 8 . Dimer , now an obstetrician-gynecologist at Group Health Cooperative in Seattle , Washington , had been in an abusive relationship with her husband in Germany for 4 1/2 years until he pushed her out 11 years ago . "  Emotionally , the remnants of that stay for a long time , " she said . Domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women ages 15 to 44 , according to the National Institutes of Health . With the entertainment world buzzing about pop sensation Rihanna , whose boyfriend Chris Brown has been formally charged with assaulting her , public interest in domestic violence has been reinvigorated . Abuse can influence a victim 's future behavior in relationships and even in friendships , depending on whether the victim stays or leaves , said Mark Crawford , a clinical psychologist based in Roswell , Georgia . Those who stay are likely to stop trusting their own perceptions and become passive in both romantic and nonromantic relationships . Victims who do leave -- which is the healthier choice , Crawford said -- often become over-accommodating because they want to avoid conflict , even verbal disputes , at all costs . Some women wo n't trust people easily , if at all , and wo n't be able to handle even normal expressions of anger . Visit CNNHealth.com , your connection to better living "  What they need to do when they get out of the relationship is make sure they 're aware of their own anger , and then they can learn how to freely express it in a healthy , normal way , " he said . "  If somebody 's still having issues 10 years later , they just have n't worked through it . They have n't healed ; they need to do that . " New research shows that abuse victims feel the impact of violence long after it occurred . A recent study in the Journal of Women 's Health found that older African-American women who were exposed to high levels of family violence at some point in their lifetimes -- whether by a partner or family member -- are at a greater risk of poor mental and physical health status . "  Not just ongoing violence , which everybody thinks about , but even when it 's over , there 's something about what happens that seems to have a lingering effect that we do n't quite understand yet , " said Dr. Anuradha Paranjape , co-author of the study and associate professor at Temple University School of Medicine . It makes sense that abused women would report worse health , given that people in stressful situations have higher levels of stress hormones , which interfere with immune function , Crawford said . Other studies show a clear connection between depression and abuse . Adult women who have been abused in a relationship in the past five years have rates of depression 2 1/2 times greater than women who have never been abused , according to a different study of more than 3,000 women . They are also more likely to be socially isolated , said author Amy Bonomi , associate professor at The Ohio State University . Women who have been abused prior to , but not during , the past five years had depression rates 1 1/2 times greater than those without abuse experience , said Bonomi , who has collaborated with Dimer on research on abused women . "  People like to sort of think that , ` Well , abuse is just when you have a black eye , you sustain a broken bone , ' " Bonomi said . "  But we see lots of different effects in other areas , like depression and social isolation , and we 've actually proven that with the data . " Women who have suffered violence also seem to have a greater likelihood of substance abuse , but it 's unclear how the two are related -- one does n't necessarily cause the other , and there could be other factors involved , Bonomi said . A 2008 study of 3,333 women , which Bonomi worked on , found that middle-aged women who suffered child abuse , sexual or other physical abuse , had a greater likelihood of depression , as well as a higher body mass index . These women also spend up to one-third more than average on health care costs . About 34 percent of women in the sample said they had been abused . While Paranjape 's study found that women with the highest levels of abuse reported having poor health , the same number of diseases were reported among those women as the women in the sample who had less or no abuse . This indicates that there is something else that makes abused women report feeling unwell , she said . "  When your patient says they do n't feel so good , you might want to think about asking what other issues may be going on , " she said . People who have gotten out of a relationship should go through the work of learning what issues set them up in that situation , and reflect on the warning signs , Crawford said . Experts recommend finding a counselor and other means of support , but people who have been abused should think twice about revealing too much in online support groups , because their abusers could discover what they 're saying , Dimer said . Research has also shown that violence escalates in abusive relationships among couples who go to marriage counseling , she said . Some women do feel stronger having been through the experience of abuse , Dimer said . She herself found healing through advocacy and research on the subject , she said . Calling a domestic violence hot line is a good first step for anyone who is experiencing abuse , Dimer said . "  Whether you 're a pop star or somebody that 's working front lines -- an employee at a grocery store selling the pop star magazine -- you 're at equal risk for having this , " she said .	NIH : Domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women ages 15 to 44 Study : Abused women more likely to have depression , anxiety , joint pain Calling a domestic violence hot line is a good first step for a victim
CNN  -- World champion Jorge Lorenzo hailed MotoGP 's new qualifying format after claiming pole position for Sunday 's season-opening race in Qatar . The Spaniard headed off Britain 's Cal Crutchlow in Saturday 's new 15-minute session , involving just the top 12 riders , while last season 's championship runnerup Dani Pedrosa was third to complete the front row . "  It 's great to finish in pole position , especially knowing Cal was extremely fast over one lap , " Lorenzo , who won last year 's race from pole , told the MotoGP website . He said of the new qualifying format : "  It 's very different to last year and I think more fun for the fans to watch . "  From the point of view of the riders , I feel more nervous and with more pressure on me because you know you have only four attempts for your last lap -- and not 15 like last year ! So it 's more important to go quickly and not make a mistake . " Italy 's Andrea Dovizioso was fourth for Ducati ahead of German rider Stefan Bradl and Spanish rookie Marc Marquez , who had topped the practice times in his first outing for Honda Repsol . Lorenzo 's new teammate Valentino Rossi continued his struggles of the past two years at Ducati as he could only qualify seventh . "  Qualifying was not fantastic for us , " said the seven-time world champion , who has won three times in Qatar but not since his last season at Yamaha in 2010 . "  Our performance in free practice was better than this , so we 'll wait for tomorrow . Unfortunately in qualifying , on the second tire -- with which I could have improved -- I was stuck in traffic so could not improve my lap time and lost some positions . "  For sure , tomorrow becomes more difficult to start from further back , but we have good pace so we can be quite competitive . " Pedrosa is seeking to improve his record at Losail -- one of only two circuits on the current calendar where the Spaniard has yet to win in any category of bikes . "  It 's important that we 're on the front row , " the Honda rider said . "  I think the Yamahas are strong , so I just hope to improve the bike a little bit more and then be on the pace for the race . "	Jorge Lorenzo sets the quickest time in qualifying for first race of MotoGP season World champion outshines new Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi in Qatar Spaniard will start in first row alongside Cal Crutchlow and compatriot Dani Pedrosa Seven-time world champion Rossi is on the third row in seventh place
Indian Trail , North Carolina  CNN  -- At every corner and every stoplight in this town some 15 miles southeast of Charlotte , the signs staked in the ground have one message : "  Homes ready now . " Brandon Oaks , Taylor Glenn , Shiloh Trace -- each subdivision off Wesley Chapel Road has new homes or ready-to-build plans , priced from the $ 180,000 s to the $ 300,000 s. Construction and for-sale signs are part of the scenery . Everybody here is new to North Carolina census tract 203.17 , one of the fastest-growing places in the fastest-growing county in one of the fastest-growing states . The tract is a slender strip between Orr and Potter roads , bordered for four miles on the east by Wesley Chapel Road , and power lines to the west . The Census Bureau estimates there were 499 people on this sliver of Union County in 2000 . Ten years later , it counted 5,353 , an increase of more than 970 % . Tracts are designed for U.S. Census Bureau counts and usually contain 2,500 to 8,000 residents ; one tract might cover an entire county in a rural area or a few blocks in a packed city . Tract 203.17 is new , a narrow section carved from a space that was bigger and less populated 10 years earlier . The new subdivisions in 203.17 are filled with people from Florida , New York , Michigan and nearby Charlotte . They cling to their favored traditions of home and ditch what 's less convenient . Residents sip sweet tea while they wait for Brooklyn-style pizza . Few have lived here long enough to have allegiances in the Carolina versus Duke rivalry , but many pay for big TV packages that will broadcast the sports teams they grew up with . They like what this place is selling : Granite countertops , two-car garages , fresh sod , wide sidewalks and ever-higher numbers of bedrooms and bathrooms . Better still , it 's got easy access to the city , mild weather , good schools and low taxes , just 14.5 cents on every $ 100 for most residents in 203.17 . But there are questions they 're all trying to answer . When do you stop being a Floridian , a New Yorker or a Michigander , and start being a North Carolinian ? If we 're all new here , who are we at all ? U.S. Highway 74 East North Carolina 's population exploded in the last 10 years , especially around Charlotte 's booming  then busting  financial industry . "  We 're it , " said James H. Johnson Jr. , a professor at the University of North Carolina 's Kenan Flagler Business School and director of the Kenan Institute 's Urban Investment Strategies Center . "  We are the cat 's demographic meow . We are a real migration magnet . " "  Gargantuan homes , " Johnson said , are the hallmark of western Union County in the last decade , when wheat , corn and soybean fields finally yielded to subdivisions and U.S. Highway 74 traffic . Most of tract 203.17 lies within the city of Indian Trail . The town was incorporated in 1907 but was little more than a stopping point between Charlotte and the Union County seat , Monroe . "  In the late '60s , maybe early '70s , when I was kind of a kid , it was just a little pit stop , " said Jeffrey Goodall , a Union County-raised resident of tract 203.17 . "  There was a little par three golf course . It had a little train depot 50 or 100 years ago . There was nothing much . " It still has a golf course , but the city has long outgrown "  nothing much . " Indian Trail 's census count jumped from 1,942 in 1990 to 33,518 in 2010 . Last year , for the first time , the city 's population edged out county seat 's by 721 residents . Goodall , 56 , returned to Union County in 2005 after retiring from a military career that moved him through 15 states . His parents had stayed in Union County , and taxes on Goodall 's home in Broward County , Florida , were uncomfortably high . Goodall and his wife settled in to the Brandon Oaks subdivision -- the heart of tract 203.17 -- and by 2007 , he 'd been elected to the Town Council . As the rare Carolina native in town , people look to him for history , background and explanations of this place they 've all chosen . Neighbors laugh about their accents , most of them different and almost none of them a Southern drawl . Families here attend churches , or synagogues , or mosques . In the 2000 Census , 36 of the 499 people in 203.17 identified themselves as Latino , 10 as Asian and six as black . Among the 5,353 counted in 2010 , there were 584 Latinos , 118 Asians and 803 blacks . Goodall said he sometimes looks around and wonders what the people here can possibly share . Everybody comes from a different place , with different values , traditions and ideas about the best way to live . But then , there 's a reason everybody found this place . "  No matter how different I think I may be , " Goodall said , "  everybody 's got something in common : They moved here . " Wesley Chapel Road On a sunny Saturday afternoon , just inside a subdivision entrance off Wesley Chapel Road , the sidewalks are strewn with bikes and strollers . Cars are constantly pulling over to trade 50 cents for a plastic cup of lemonade . The neighbors laugh at the ice cream truck playing Christmas tunes . Parents here all seem to remember childhoods when dozens of kids ruled tidy suburban streets . Moms and dad say these new sidewalks look more like their memories than the aged or empty ones they left behind . Several said they 've convinced their parents , brothers , sisters and friends to move down to Indian Trail , some of them close enough to be in the same census tract . It 'll never be Long Island , but when your mom moves down the street and the bagel shop opens for business , you can start to convince yourself that this is home . Trouble was , as neighborhoods sprung up , Indian Trail did n't keep up , Town Council members said . Residents referred to themselves not by their city or county , but by the name of their subdivision -- "  I 'm from Brandon Oaks , " or "  We live in Sheridan . " A couple of years ago , sensing that people did n't identify with the place as a whole , they paid a company to create a logo and motto for the city : "  Crossing Paths . " Next , they tried to build places where people really could get together beyond school gyms and grocery store aisles . "  People are moving here now and they 're saying ` Where are the restaurants ? Where 's the entertainment ? Where 's the parks , the services ? ' " said Indian Trail Town Manager Joe Fivas , who moved to Indian Trail from Michigan . He 's got the delicate task of deciding what this population of thousands should handle for itself , what it should contract out , and how to pay for it . That means they 're inventing public works in the city , but still paying for outside police protection . Existing services are stretched to the limit -- but they 'd happily make room to build a few clothing stores or a Chili 's . In 2010 , Union County residents voted to start allowing alcohol sales , and Indian Trail just opened its first package store . To nobody 's surprise , but some people 's disappointment , business is great . Several new residents said they like the new grocery stores and the new Bojangles , but a family-friendly , sit-down bar and restaurant would be a huge get . Till then , the town has its new amphitheater and community space , Crossing Paths Park . They organized the first concert there , and swiftly experienced their first rainout . But people came back the next week for a bluegrass-themed evening . Kids ran around with temporary tattoos that read "  I  heart  IT . " It felt like something big had happened . "  People were really longing for a sense of identity . It was a large town , but there was n't anything that that said ` Indian Trail , ' " said Gary D'Onofrio , a Town Council member who moved from Long Island to a subdivision inside tract 203.17 . "  You ca n't always identify exactly what it is , but you know it when you see it , ` This is home . ' " Potter Road Farther down Wesley Chapel Road , the area stops looking like a community-wide open house . There are a few new houses , but more with peeling paint , crumbling foundations and tangled front-yard gardens . In the farthest reaches of tract 203.17 , mostly outside the Indian Trail city limits , there are no official logos or branded street names . Susie McCoy and her husband , Kenneth , first moved to their 5-acre lot on Potter Road more than 30 years ago . Since then , they 've had their own kids , adopted more kids , added grandkids , a couple dozen goats , miniature horses , pet pigs and a three-legged toy dog . She likes having a Chick-fil-A and entertainment a little closer to home . With more money flowing into the county , she believes the school system only gets better , and in a more diverse class , the kids are introduced to more points of view . But there 's much to miss about the old , less cluttered 203.17 : An even quicker commute to work in Charlotte , on roads empty of traffic and noise . The neighborly belief that a pig roast is a party , not a fire hazard . Kids that can toddle around without shirts or shoes . Horses and chickens grazing and pecking wherever they please , without fear of becoming a petting zoo . Skinny-dipping in the pond across the road . Green fields , green grass , green trees . First-name greetings at the store . Knowledge of who needs a prayer and who can offer one up . While others were finding themselves here , she felt like she was losing herself . "  I 'm no longer a person , " McCoy said . "  I 'm just a number on the road . " But home is wherever her children are , all of 'em , the ones she birthed and the ones she took in when their first homes failed them . It 's wherever her husband can Dr. Dolittle all the sick and broken animals that find their way to their yard . "  Inside 's home , " she said . "  Outside 's not . " She 's already got another place picked out , miles away from 203.17 . It 's just across the South Carolina state line , on 15 undisturbed acres on a dead-end road . Like all her new neighbors , she thinks maybe she can build a new home some place else . Curt Merrill contributed to this report .	North Carolina census tract 203.17 grew 970 % in 10 years Thousands of new residents want to create a new identity for themselves , neighborhoods But some longtime residents are considering moving away
CNN  -- The sudden death of singer Whitney Houston at age 48 shocked fans and musicians all over the world . The outpouring of grief was immediate , with one common refrain : The world had lost one of its greatest singers . Nearly all of the trends on Twitter worldwide were shortly associated with the singer 's death : R.I.P Whitney Houston , #DearWhitney , #IWillAlwaysLoveYou , The Bodyguard , Bobby Brown and Wan na Dance With Somebody . "  The first full hour after the news broke saw 2,481,652 tweets and retweets , peaking at 61,227 tweets at 5:23 p.m.  all times are PST  , " according to Topsy.com , which indexes and ranks results based on the most influential conversations on social media "  That is over a thousand tweets a second , not quite as much as during the Superbowl but still a lot . " Beyonce Knowles "  The loss of Whitney Houston is painful . I remember meeting Whitney for the first time when I was 15 . She was the ultimate legend . The ultimate woman . Not only was she confident , poised , stunningly beautiful and intelligent , but she was sincere and kind . She took the time to make everyone feel like they were very important to her . I , like every singer , always wanted to be just like her . Her voice was perfect . Strong but soothing . Soulful and classic . Her vibrato , her cadence , her control . So many of my life 's memories are attached to a Whitney Houston song . She is our queen and she opened doors and provided a blueprint for all of us . God bless her . " Celine Dion : "  I 'm in shock . Whitney was such an amazing artist . When I started my English career , I wanted to be like her . I loved her so much . My prayers go out to her daughter and to all of her family . " Whoopi Goldberg : "  The loss of an icon and superstar like Whitney Houston is devastating . However , it ca n't compare to the loss of a mother , daughter , niece and friend , so my heart goes out to her family , to whom she was so much more . " Yoko Ono : "  She was a woman of brave and beautiful soul . I feel sad that she had to go . " David Foster , producer : "  There is not a word that describes my reaction ... It does n't exist in the English language . . . This was the voice that record producers dreamed of working with ... I got butterflies . . She was pure magic . She was iconic ... I had the Â pleasure and privilege of having an up close and personal front row seat Â to the greatest of them all . " Russell Simmons : "  My thoughts and prayers are with her beautiful child and her entire family . This is a tough time for the entire music community , as we all loved Whitney . May she rest in peace and may we all dance with somebody tonight . " Barry Manilow : "  My heart goes out to her family , to Clive  Davis , Houston 's mentor  , and to everyone who knew and loved this amazingly talented and beautiful artist . I will always love her . " Christina Aguilera : "  Whitney 's voice was so special to me . Her notes soared to places most singers dream of reaching . She will be missed . " Kelly Rowland : "  I am beyond heartbroken . Whitney Houston was undoubtedly one of the greatest singers and performers of all time and such a huge influence on me . " Mariah Carey : "  Heartbroken and in tears ... My heartfelt condolences to Whitney 's family and to all her millions of fans throughout the world . She will never be forgotten as one of the greatest voices to ever grace the earth . " Smokey Robinson : "  I 've known Whitney since she was a little girl and I loved her . She was like family to me . I will miss her . " Gloria Estefan : "  Sending prayers of peace and solace to her family , friends & fans ! Such a loss!Â Whitney was always so sweet to me ! Was rooting for her through her struggles ! Such a shame ... I 'm truly saddened by this news ! " Aretha Franklin : "  I just ca n't talk about it now . It 's so stunning and unbelievable . I could n't believe what I was reading coming across the TV screen . " Simon Cowell : "  You 're going to remember where you were when you heard the news . It 's that significant . She was undoubtedly one of the greatest superstars of all time . One of the greatest voices in our lifetime we 're likely ever to hear . And to hear this news , it really , really , really upset me . It really has . " Quincy Jones : "  I am absolutely heartbroken at the news of Whitney 's passing . Ashford & Simpson first made me aware of Whitney when she was just 16 , and I always regretted not having had the opportunity to work with her . She was a true original and a talent beyond compare . I will miss her terribly . " Paul Shaffer : "  What a voice . What a beauty . What an actress . She had everything and she made us all feel so good when we heard her . " Britney Spears : "  I was the biggest fan of hers . She influenced me so much . She sent so much love out to the world and she was an inspiration for so many people , and we 're there with her . " Michelle Williams , of Destiny 's Child : "  Whitney was my musical hero ... the reason why I wanted to sing . I will never forget the voice . " Bruno Mars : "  This is terrible news . I 'm sick to my stomach . Nobody sang like Whitney . I hate this feeling . " Jessica Simpson : "  I found my voice singing Whitney Houston 's music . Today I lost my idol . " Berry Gordy , founder of Motown Records : "  Whitney Houston was not only an amazing artist but also a beautiful person . She was so smart and her knowledge and appreciation for the musical art form was remarkable . Every time we would see each other , we always had wonderful conversations about life and the business . " Cee-Lo Green : "  R.I.P. Sister WHITNEY HOUSTON !!!!! We will always love you . " Ricky Martin : "  RIP Whitney Houston . Sending my love and deepest condolences to her family and friends . Fly Whitney Fly . " Nicki Minaj : "  Jesus Christ , not Whitney Houston . Greatest of all time . " Dolly Parton : "  Mine is only one of the millions of hearts broken over the death of Whitney Houston . I will always be grateful and in awe of the wonderful performance she did on my song and I can truly say from the bottom of my heart , ` Whitney , I will always love you . You will be missed . ' " Kenny Lattimore , R&B singer : "  Whitney Houston , the singers ' singer and voice that inspired the world . Many emulated , but there is only one Whitney . " Marc Anthony : "  I ca n't believe it ... Rest in Peace Whitney . Descanses . " Deborah Cox : "  I am deeply saddened and touched to the core of this news of my musical mentor Whitney Houston . I 'll always love you . xo " Star Jones : "  I ca n't watch any more news . It 's too painful when a sister-friend passes ; do n't want analysis ... want reflection . RIP #Whitney . " Magic Johnson : "  R.I.P. Whitney Houston . Our prayers go out to Bobbi Kristina and her family . " Nick Lachey : "  How tragic to hear about Whitney Houston 's passing . Such a shame . She had one of the most iconic voices of my lifetime . " Clay Aiken : "  RIP Whitney Houston . The soundtrack of so many lives . I 'm sure heaven reverberates  to  nite with the sound of  your  voice . It always was angelic . " T.D. Jakes , producer of "  Sparkle , " Houston 's yet-to-be-released last movie : "  We are deeply saddened by the tragic and untimely passing of Whitney Houston , whom we were blessed to have just completed work with on the remake of the film "  Sparkle . " ... At the apex of her career , Whitney had no peer , with a voice that shaped a generation . " Gov. Chris Christie : "  Whitney Houston was a true New Jersey treasure . Her terribly premature death is an awful loss for her family and the incredible New Jersey musical family . Her soaring talent put her in the pantheon of great New Jersey musical talents like Frank Sinatra , Count Basie and Bruce Springsteen . "	Celebrities express sadness after learning about Whitney Houston 's death Simon Cowell : "  One of the greatest voices of our lifetime " Quincy Jones : "  She was a true original and a talent beyond compare " Christina Aguilera : "  Her notes soared to places most singers dream of reaching "
CNN  -- Gavin DeGraw is a New York state native who now calls Nashville home . That is , when the singer/songwriter 's not on the road -- which is rare these days . DeGraw is currently out on tour to promote his new album , "  Sweeter . " When he does get a break from touring , he heads back down South to Nashville . He took a little time out to share a few suggestions on what to do if you find yourself in Music City . Robert 's Western World On downtown Nashville 's main drag , this live music venue -- where there 's never a cover charge -- bills itself as "  Nashville 's undisputed home of traditional country music . " "  It 's  my favorite honky tonk on Broadway . Music and atmosphere is hard to beat . Just show up at any random time . ... Some of the best musicians on the strip play on that stage , " says DeGraw . Robert 's Western World is open Monday through Saturday from 11 a.m. to 3 a.m. and Sundays from 12 p.m. to 3 a.m. Loveless Cafe "  This place is a must , " DeGraw says . "  You feel like you are eating at your grandma 's house when you walk into this place . Anything you order is going to feel like your grandma made it . The biscuits are a must ! " The Loveless Cafe was originally a motel and cafe owned by Lon and Annie Loveless . While it has grown significantly since 1951 and given up the motel end of the business , the cafe still serves its famous fried chicken and Annie Loveless ' secret recipe biscuits that DeGraw loves so much . The Pancake Pantry Just like the Loveless Cafe , The Pancake Pantry has long been a Nashville staple . The popular family-owned eatery opened in 1961 . In addition to its famous pancakes -- from orange-walnut to pigs in a blanket and chocolate sin -- the pantry boasts about its secret recipe syrups . DeGraw has a tip for visiting this popular Nashville landmark : "  The key here is to go in the middle of the week or you 're going to be waiting for hours . Another great place to catch up with friends and family and even though they are always busy , they never rush you out . " Tootsies Orchid Lounge This Broadway honky tonk is also a DeGraw favorite . "  This place has so much history . So many of the legendary country artists have performed and hung out at Tootsies ... Willie Nelson , Waylon Jennings , Mel Tillis , Kris Kristofferson , Roger Miller , Patsy Cline , " says DeGraw . Tootsies , like Robert 's Western World , holds a place in Nashville honky-tonk history . Legend has it that original owner Tootsie Bess used to slip $ 5 and $ 10 bills to struggling songwriters and that she kept a box of IOU 's behind the counter to make sure that they could drink and eat as well . At the end of each year a group of Grand Ole Opry performers would come and pay the IOU tab so Tootsie was n't out the money . Losers The dive bar Losers will draw a much more local and diverse crowd than Tootsies and Robert 's Western World . It 's also very close to Vanderbilt University , so it 's popular with the college crowd . "  I like this place because this is a local musician joint that is not necessarily country , " DeGraw says , explaining why it 's on his list of favorites . "  My musician friends who are n't on the road stop into this place from time to time , as do I. "	Singer/songwriter Gavin DeGraw is a Nashville resident He offers visitors five ideas for a classic Music City experience Robert 's Western World and Tootsies are his favorite honky tonks
CNN  -- For many , bicycles are meant solely as a mode of transportation , a quick and convenient way of getting from A to B . In Kenya 's capital city of Nairobi , however , a group of craftsmen take the functionality of bicycles a step further -- by transforming them into eye-catching modern furniture . From its spacious 5th-floor apartment overlooking Nairobi , Ojey 's Designs is a business fashioning elaborate chairs and tables out of old bike parts -- from rims and tires to spokes and pedals , the different parts are all welded together to form the base of the contemporary furnitire . "  We do the bar stools , the bar tables , " says Martin Ojwang , the startup 's founder . "  We do chairs , the cafe chairs and cafe tables -- those ones can go to the hotels . " Read this : Old boat sails turned into uplifting art Having worked as an accountant for three years , the young entrepreneur decided to change career paths in 2012 after crafting his first creation : a beautiful coffee table made from a bicycle rim . Ojwang then quit his job and set up shop in the large balcony of his apartment where he 's now making furniture on order . "  When we started Ojey 's Designs I was alone and then I employed some two people for assisting , " says Ojwang . "  Right now , we actually have four employees and we have four casual workers who come when the production is high . " Click through the gallery above to see Ojwang 's creations and check out the video below to find out more about Ojey Designs . Read this : Old boat sails turned into uplifting art Read this : From flip-flops to rubber masterpieces	Ojey 's Designs specializes in making modern furniture from old bicycle parts Launched in 2012 , the business lists bars , hotels and restaurants as clients Click through the gallery to see the Kenyan startup 's creations
CNN  -- It 's been that type of year for Serena Williams . Williams collected her 18th grand slam singles title at the U.S. Open in September to match retired legends Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert but prior to that did n't get past the fourth round at the three other majors in 2014 . The world No. 1 recently retired due to illness in Wuhan , China and then was a walkover in Beijing with a knee injury -- and on Wednesday at the WTA Finals in Singapore she suffered the joint worst loss of her career . Simona Halep battered Williams 6-0 6-2 to leave the two-time defending champion in danger of being eliminated in the group stage . It matched the number of games won by Williams in 1998 -- when she was just 16 -- against South Africa 's Joannette Kruger in Oklahoma . Williams , two days after looking sharp in defeating Ana Ivanovic , made 36 unforced errors in the 14 games and the encounter lasted a mere one hour and five minutes . While Halep went 5-for-6 on break points , Williams went 0-for-6 . "  Embarrassed is the way I would describe how I played , " Williams told reporters . "  Definitely embarrassing . " "  My forehand was off today . It 's obviously gone on an early vacation . My serve was at best at the 10-and-under division of juniors . " Halep improved to 2-0 in the Red Group . The Romanian -- one of two debutants at the WTA Finals along with Canada 's Eugenie Bouchard -- entered the year-end championships in patchy form but she limited her own unforced errors and covered the court with aplomb . Halep had lost both her matches to Williams last year , with the latter inflicting two "  bagels " -- or 6-0 sets -- of her own . "  It was my best match of my life , " Halep told reporters . "  I played unbelievable shots . At an important time I played really well and after today my confidence will be more high . " Ivanovic eased past a listless Bouchard 6-1 6-3 later Wednesday . Both players hit 20 winners but Bouchard committed 31 unforced errors compared to the Serb 's 18 . Caroline Wozniacki and her pal Agnieszka Radwanska posted upset wins Tuesday over Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova , respectively .	Serena Williams loses 6-0 6-2 to Simona Halep at the year-end championships It 's Williams ' worst defeat since she lost 6-1 6-1 in Oklahoma in 1998 The result adds to the inconsistent season for the 18-time grand slam winner Halep leads the Red Group with a perfect 2-0 record while Williams falls to 1-1
CNN  -- For five days , same-sex couples could get married in Australia 's capital city of Canberra . Those who did were the first in the country to do so . But that fleeting window was slammed shut Thursday by the Australian High Court , which ruled that a recent local law legalizing same-sex marriage was invalid . That means that the marriages of the couples who took advantage of the law to tie the knot -- 27 according to local media -- will be annulled . "  This is devastating for those couples who married this week and for their families , " said Rodney Croome , the national director of the advocacy group Australian Marriage Equality . "  However , this is just a temporary defeat . " The Australian court 's decision is the latest setback for gay rights in the Asia-Pacific region . On Wednesday , India 's top court ruled that sex between consenting homosexual partners is illegal in the country , prompting dismay from human rights groups . Australian gay rights activists said their fight would now shift to lobbying the national parliament to change federal legislation . The high court said Thursday that the federal Marriage Act , which does n't permit same-sex marriage , takes precedence over the law passed by the legislative assembly in Canberra , also known as the Australian Capital Territory . The lawmakers in the ACT , which has a population of about 380,000 people , would have been aware that their same-sex marriage law would n't be allowed to override federal law . But their move has succeeded in fostering renewed debate on the issue in Australia . The activists ' goal of changing the federal Marriage Act appears to be a stern challenge , though . Prime Minister Tony Abbott and his conservative coalition oppose same-sex marriage . That 's despite public pressure from his family . "  Sad news that the ACT same-sex marriage law has been overturned , " tweeted Abbott 's lesbian sister , Christine Forster . "  Focus now firmly on federal parliament , " wrote Forster , who is a lcouncil member in Sydney . Earlier this year , Australian neighbor New Zealand became the first country in the Asia-Pacific region to legalize same-sex marriage . CNN 's John Raedler contributed to this report .	A law in Canberra , Australia , allowing same-sex marriage is declared invalid A court says a federal act , which does n't permit same-sex marriage , takes precedence Activists say the decision is "  devastating " for the couples who got married They vow to lobby the national parliament to change federal legislation
CNN  -- The family of 13-year-old Jahi McMath hopes to transfer the girl to another facility . A judge has concluded that Jahi , who suffered complications after tonsil surgery , is brain dead . "  Yesterday we spent Christmas together as a family -- doing a lot of prayers and trying to have some fun , hoping for a miracle , and looks like we may have gotten our miracle . We found out that someone is willing to take Jahi away from Children 's Hospital to a facility nearby here in the Bay Area to treat her , " Jahi 's uncle , Omari Sealey , told reporters Thursday . "  So right now , we 're asking Children 's Hospital to work with us to make that possible , " he said , referring to Children 's Hospital & Research Center Oakland . Sealey declined to identify the other facility . Jahi was declared brain dead by doctors at the hospital on December 12 , three days after tonsil surgery . The case has drawn national attention and sparked protests from some local leaders who say the hospital should have provided better care . When routine surgeries go wrong On Monday , a judge appointed Dr. Paul Fisher , chief of pediatric neurology at Stanford Children 's Hospital , to evaluate Jahi as an independent expert . Fisher testified Tuesday that Jahi meets the criteria for brain death . Alameda Superior Court Judge Evelio Grillo previously ruled that the hospital must hold off on any decisions regarding discontinuing life support until December 30 , and the judge encouraged both sides to work together . Family attorney Christopher Dolan told reporters Thursday that Jahi would need to have tracheostomy and gastrostomy tubes put in before she could be moved . "  The most logical people are the ones in the hospital where she 's sitting who have the ability to do that . If they refuse to do that , and insist upon moving towards this deadline of pulling the plug , then we 'll just continue to do what we 've been doing , " he said . In response to the family 's statement , the hospital "  will allow a lawful transfer of Jahi 's body in its current state to another location if the family can arrange such a transfer and Children 's can legally do so , " wrote hospital attorney Douglas C. Straus in a December 27 letter to Dolan . "  Children 's is willing to cooperate in this regard even though Judge Grillo has confirmed that Jahi is deceased and that statutory patient transfer procedures do not apply here , " Straus wrote . The hospital asked the family 's attorney for the name of the facility that would accept Jahi , a transportation plan for her , and consent from the Alameda County coroner for the "  transfer since we are dealing with the body of a person who has been declared legally dead , " Straus wrote . The family will also have to "  find a physician that would be willing to operate on the body , " said hospital spokesman Sam Singer . In an earlier response to the family , Children 's Hospital Chief of Pediatrics David Durand noted that the judge did n't authorize a transfer to another facility . "  Judge Grillo was very clear on Tuesday December 24 . He ruled Jahi McMath to be deceased and instructed the hospital to maintain the status quo . Judge Grillo did not authorize or order any surgical procedures or transfer to another facility . "  Children 's Hospital Oakland does not believe that performing surgical procedures on the body of a deceased person is an appropriate medical practice . Children 's Hospital Oakland continues to extend its wishes for peace and closure to Jahi McMath 's family , " he said . CNN 's Dan Simon , Catherine E. Shoichet , Michael Martinez and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Family must find a doctor who 's willing to operate on body , hospital says 13-year-old Jahi McMath suffered complications after tonsil surgery She was declared brain dead , and a judge has agreed with that The family wants to transfer her to another Bay Area facility , uncle says
CNN  -- Archeologists in the historic city of Luxor , Egypt have unveiled two massive ancient statues of Pharaoh Amenhotep III to the public . The newly restored quartzite statues , one of which is more than 11 meters high and weighs 250 tonnes , can be found at the funerary temple of Amenhotep III . They join a pair of already famous giants at the temple known as the Colossi of Memnon -- two 16-meter-high images of King Amenhotep III seated on his throne , also made of quartzite . The unveiling was presided over by German archaeologist Hourig Sourouzian , who heads the temple of Amenhotep III conservation project . The two new statues , discovered during excavations at the site , were originally in pieces before being restored and raised to their current standing position at the temple . According to the World Monument Fund  WMF  , the temple of Amenhotep III was erected between 1390 and 1353 B.C. for the pharaoh . It was 100 meters wide and 600 meters long , but only the lower sections of the structure remain . The Colossi of Memnon , which mark the entrance of the temple of Amenhotep III , are the most visible remains of what was once the most richly ornamented of all Theban monuments , says the WMF . "  The temple structure was originally destroyed by earthquakes , and , since it was never fully excavated , the site was overgrown with vegetation and threatened by seasonal floods and agricultural development , " says the organization . "  These problems were compounded by an increase in surface salts from rising groundwater , a by-product of the construction of the Aswan High Dam in the 1960s . " Luxor , 635 kilometers from Cairo , is divided by the Nile into two areas commonly referred to as the East and West Bank -- the latter home to some of Egypt 's most prized ancient temples and monuments . The unveiling comes at a time when Egypt 's tourism sector is fighting to pull itself out of a slump due to political instability that 's lingered since the ousting of Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . According to the Daily News Egypt , Tourism Minister Hisham Zaazou said on Saturday that the tourism sector is completely collapsed , adding that great changes are needed to improve conditions . Egypt dig unearths 3,600-year-old mummy Pharaoh 's tomb sheds light on shadowy Egyptian dynasty Tomb of ancient Egypt 's beer maker to the gods of the dead disocvered Mystery surrounds Egyptian sphinx unearthed in Israel	Two massive ancient statues of Pharaoh Amenhotep III unveiled in Luxor , Egypt Statues , discovered in February , join two other giants nearby , the Colossi of Memnon Egypt 's tourism sector continues to feel effects of political instability
Jeb Bush name-checked Charles Darwin , Albert Einstein and Mark Zuckerberg on Monday while telling University of South Carolina graduates that "  young people and newcomers are often the great discoverers . " The former Florida Republican governor 's commencement speech -- short , optimistic and apolitical -- came the day after he 'd said he planned to release 250,000 emails from his days in office . He will also write an accompanying eBook that he 'll release next year . Bush 's preemptive approach is one of the clearest signs yet of how seriously he is considering a run for president and allows him to address potential areas of criticism before opposition researchers dig in . On Monday , Bush made no references to his own political future , but did sound a number of optimistic notes -- and he told the new graduates not to fear failure . He said graduates should n't "  be afraid to shake things up , " and that they should embrace a rapidly changing economy even when doing so is daunting . "  Most of America feels that way -- you 're not alone . And in many ways , that 's OK . Because that anxiety can be positive , " he said . "  When you 're thrown into new situations , you do n't just challenge yourself . You see things that other people might not see . " The point of his speech , Bush said , was to tell graduates to "  dream big , do n't be afraid of change and find joy everywhere you can . " And they should n't see their ages as impediments , he said . "  Darwin was 29 when he developed the theory of natural selection . Einstein was 26 when he developed the theory of relativity . And Mark Zuckerberg , for crying out loud , was 19 years old when he developed Facebook , " Bush said . "  They were young . They did n't have assumptions about things . They just wanted to have an impact , " he said . "  And that 's what happens when you 're a newcomer -- you make an impact . " Bush said he 'd asked his mother , former first lady Barbara Bush , for advice on what to say . Her response : "  Jeb , speak about 10 minutes and then sit down and shut up . " And he did -- tapping his watch as he sat down , as if to note that he 'd landed almost exactly on the 10-minute mark . He also made reference to his father , President George H.W. Bush , telling graduates they should try to match the 90-year-old 's zeal for life -- from wearing colorful socks to parachuting out of airplanes to "  judging cheerleader competitions for the Houston Texans -- I think that 's on his highlight reel for sure . " "  No matter how many challenges you face , no matter how old you get , remember to have fun in life . Be like my dad , who turned 90 years old this year , and here 's a guy who 's lived a full , active life , he was shot out of the sky in World War II , he built a business , he served a generation of time in many different positions in public service , and he 's had some incredibly painful losses in his life , but he has never stopped having fun , " Bush said . "  That 's why he 's my favorite person in the world of all time , and I suspect it 's why many others respect and admire him as well . "	Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush delivered the University of South Carolina 's commencement speech on Monday The speech came as Bush considers a bid for the Republican 2016 presidential nomination Bush did n't address his political future during the speech , but encouraged students not to "  be afraid to shake things up "
CNN  -- Attorneys for imprisoned former football great O.J. Simpson on Tuesday appealed his conviction to the Nevada Supreme Court , claiming his trial was "  fundamentally unfair . " O.J. Simpson is appealing his conviction for charges including kidnapping and armed robbery . A jury in October 2008 convicted Simpson , 61 , on charges including armed robbery and kidnapping . He was sentenced in December to serve a term of up to 33 years in prison , with eligibility for parole after nine years . In the 47-page brief filed Tuesday , Simpson 's attorneys accuse Clark County , Nevada , District Judge Jackie Glass of judicial misconduct , saying her behavior constituted "  cumulative error that was so egregious and prejudicial that the defense could not get a fair trial . " The judge inflicted herself into the trial proceedings , issued improper jury instructions , improperly admitted hearsay evidence and refused to allow defense attorneys to fully cross-examine witnesses , the filing alleges . In addition , she would not allow defense counsel to ask prospective jurors about their "  known and unknown " biases , the brief said , and allowed prosecutors to strike the only two African-American potential jurors eligible to be on the jury . "  Because of the unique nature of the case , a full and complete questioning of potential jurors needed to take place , " the appeal said . "  The District Court gave no deference to the fact that Simpson brought a lot of baggage into the courtroom . " Simpson 's conviction came on October 3 -- the 13th anniversary of his controversial acquittal in the 1994 killings of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and Ronald Goldman . The former Heisman Trophy winner , record-setting NFL running back and movie actor had enlisted the help of Clarence "  C.J. " Stewart and four others in an effort to get sports memorabilia items that Simpson claimed had belonged to him from dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley . The six men confronted the dealers in a room at the Palace Station Hotel Room and Casino in Las Vegas on September 13 , 2007 , brandishing weapons but not firing them . Four of the men testified against Simpson , while Stewart stood trial alongside him . The four received probation in exchange for their testimony ; Stewart received a sentence similar to Simpson 's , but will be eligible for parole in seven and a half years . CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Attorneys for O.J. Simpson are appealing his 2008 conviction Simpson is currently serving a prison term of up to 33 years The famed football star was sentenced on charges including armed robbery Simpson 's lawyers are claiming his trial was "  fundamentally unfair "
Taliban gunmen wearing police uniforms attacked the largest jail in a northern Pakistani province early Tuesday , allowing about 200 inmates to escape , authorities said . Around 35 of the escaped prisoners are high-profile militants , said Pervaiz Khattak , the chief minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , the province where the attack took place . During the fighting that followed the assault at the prison in the city of Dera Ismail Khan , four police officials and five militants were killed , said Shoukat Yousafzai , the provincial information minister . There were 483 prisoners at the time of the attack , and a total of 200 have gone missing , according to Mushtaq Jadoon , the Dera Ismail Khan police commissioner . Militant group claims responsibility for Iraq prison attacks The gunmen cut off the prison 's power supply , then launched the attack from all sides , said Malik Qasim Khan , an adviser to the chief minister on prisons . Multiple explosions were reportedly heard . Jadoon said that the attackers announced the names of the people they wanted to free after they entered the jail and whisked the people away . The Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . Locals said they heard chants of Allah O Akbar , "  God is great " and long live the Taliban soon after the explosion and firing . Taliban spokesman Shahidaullah Shahid said the group freed around 300 prisoners , a claim that Pakistani army officials denied . Shahid described the operation as a success . Inayatullah Tiger , , a bomb disposal squad official , told CNN that forces have defused 350-kilogram bombs planted in various parts of the jail . Suicide jackets , other bombs and explosives-laden chemical drums have also been defused and weapons have been recovered , he said . 1,200 inmates break out of Benghazi prison	About 200 inmates escape , 35 of them high-profile militants , an official says Bombs have been defused and weapons were recovered The Pakistan Taliban claim responsibility for the attack Official says four police officials and five militants were killed in the attack
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture released a new proposed rule Thursday designed to strengthen school breakfast and lunch nutrition standards -- part of the Obama administration 's attempt to crack down on an epidemic of childhood obesity . The rule would increase the availability of fruits , vegetables , whole grains and low-fat milk while cutting the amount of sodium and saturated fat . It would reduce the availability of traditional school lunch staples such as pizza and french fries . Under the rule , federal minimum and maximum calorie intake guidelines would be established for the first time . Younger children would be offered 550 to 650 calories for lunch , while most high school students would be offered 750 to 850 calories . Saturated fat would constitute less than 10 percent of the total calories in school meals for children at all age levels . Trans fat would be banned . If implemented , the rule will affect an estimated 32 million school lunches and 12 million school breakfasts every year , according to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack . Public health advocates praised the proposal , arguing it will encourage better lifelong eating habits . If children "  eat healthy foods at schools and like them , they 're going to be more open to eating healthy food at home and throughout the rest of their lives , " said Margo Wootan , director of nutrition policy at the Center for Science in the Public Interest . Some conservatives , however , contend that enforcement of nutrition standards in school meals is not an appropriate role for the federal government . The proposed rule is open for public comment through mid-April . Once the rule takes effect , school districts will be required to meet its standards to be eligible for federal assistance for school meals . Almost one-third of American children between the ages of 6 and 19 are overweight or obese , according to a recent study conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Obese children face an increased risk of a range of health problems , including high blood pressure , high cholesterol and Type 2 diabetes . This is "  an issue that needs to be addressed , " Vilsack said . "  The United States is facing an obesity epidemic and the crisis of poor diets threatens the future of our children -- and our nation . " If the obesity problem is n't effectively dealt with , the country could face an additional $ 344 billion in health care costs by 2018 , Vilsack told reporters . President Barack Obama signed a sweeping overhaul of child nutrition standards in December , enacting a law meant to encourage better eating habits in part by giving the federal government more authority to set standards for food sold in vending machines and elsewhere on school grounds . The new proposed rule is a consequence of the $ 4.5 billion measure . Among other things , the law provides more money to poor areas to subsidize school lunches . To help offset the higher cost of including more fruits and vegetables , the bill increases the reimbursement rate for the program . The measure was a top priority for first lady Michelle Obama , who championed it as part of her "  Let 's Move " initiative to combat child obesity in the United States . CNN 's Matt Cherry and Sally Holland contributed to this report	The USDA proposes rule to increase availability of fruits , vegetables and grains in school lunches Strict calorie intake guidelines would be set Poor areas will get more money for subsidized lunches
NEWARK , New Jersey  CNN  -- Two people , including a 15-year-old boy , are in custody in connection with the execution-style slayings of three college students in a Newark , New Jersey , schoolyard , authorities said . Jose Carranza , 28 , of Newark , New Jersey , surrendered in the slayings of three college students . Jose Carranza , 28 , of Newark , surrendered with his lawyer at midday Thursday , Mayor Cory A. Booker said . The suspect insisted on surrendering to the mayor after learning he was wanted for murder . "  He simply came forward . He said nothing , " recalled Booker , who rushed from a news conference to meet the lawyer , Felix Lopez Montalvo , for the surrender . Watch Booker describe the surrender " "  We put him in handcuffs and we walked the individual into the office . I personally helped the detective to sit him down and I left , " the mayor added . The teenager was taken into custody at about 11 p.m. on Wednesday . Booker said others are being sought . "  We have very , very strong leads , " he told reporters . "  I want the killers off the streets of Newark . " Ballistics evidence , information from the shooting 's lone survivor and a fingerprint lifted from a beer bottle at the scene led to the major break in a criminal case that has outraged a city numbed by street violence . At a news conference earlier Thursday , Booker praised the "  incredible courage " of survivor Natasha Aeriel , 19 . She is in stable condition and under heavy police guard at The University Hospital in Newark , recovering from gunshot and knife wounds . "  From her hospital bed , she has been cooperating with authorities and making identifications , " Booker said . Newark Police Director Garry McCarthy and Essex County Prosecutor Paula Dow asked for the public 's help in the rapidly developing case . A $ 150,000 reward is being offered for information . An arrest warrant had sought Carranza 's arrest for three counts of murder , a single count of attempted murder , four counts of robbery , conspiracy and weapons offenses . "  We believe that others were involved in this heinous crime . We are looking for them , " Dow said . The 15-year-old was not identified because of his age , but Dow said she would seek to try him as an adult . Newark has become accustomed to violence but the slayings on Saturday night touched a nerve . The four friends , ages 18 to 20 , were shot while listening to music at the schoolyard . Three of them -- Terrance Aeriel , 18 , Dashon Harvey , 20 ; and Iofemi Hightower , 20 -- were forced to kneel against a wall and were shot in the head , execution style . Authorities have said robbery appeared to be the motive , but Dow said Tuesday that police also were looking into possible gang involvement . While Newark has seen 60 homicides this year , the schoolyard killings stood out because the victims , by all accounts , were good kids . All four were enrolled at Delaware State University or were in the process of enrolling . James Harvey , Dashon 's father , described his son Monday as "  a good , good student , college student . " "  For him to be killed on the streets of Newark needlessly is very unacceptable , " he said at a news conference . "  They 're out here hurting innocent kids , " he added . "  Innocent people are dying needlessly , unnecessarily and for what ? For what ? This has to stop . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Jose Carranza , 28 , surrenders in schoolyard shootings case NEW : Boy , 15 , taken into custody Wednesday night College students forced to kneel against wall , shot in head Slayings shocked Newark , New Jersey , where street violence is common
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The man who , dressed as Santa Claus , killed nine people at a Christmas Eve party planned to flee to Canada the next day , but California police believe he decided to kill himself instead because of severe burn injuries . Pardo rigged his rental car so that if someone tried to remove the Santa suit , the car would explode . During a news conference on Friday , Covina Police Chief Kim Raney said Bruce Jeffrey Pardo had purchased a ticket for an early Christmas Day flight from Los Angeles to Canada . Raney said that while police do not know why Pardo , 45 , decided against his plan to flee , they speculate it may have been due to the burn injuries Pardo received after setting fire to the home where the slayings occurred . Pardo 's body was covered in third-degree burns , Raney said , and part of the Santa suit the gunman wore to the massacre burned and melted into his legs . Police believe Pardo 's injuries came after he set fire to the home using a homemade device used to spread fuel . Raney also said Pardo came to his former in-laws ' home with $ 17,000 strapped to his legs and inside a girdle , indicating he may have wanted quick access to his money as he fled the country . Watch police talk about what was found on the gunman 's body " Police said that after leaving the home , Pardo changed out of the Santa suit and into regular clothes . Raney also spoke about a pipe bomb that exploded in Pardo 's rental car Thursday night . He said Pardo had rigged the rental car so that if someone tried to remove the Santa suit , the car would explode . The car was packed with ammunition and black powder , he said . Police said that inside Pardo 's home in Montrose , California , they also found five empty boxes for semiautomatic handguns , two high-powered shotguns and "  racing fuel , " which they believe was used to help set fire to the home . Police also said they found Pardo 's resume , which said he had a bachelor 's and master 's degree in electrical engineering , but they could not verify if it was accurate . The resume also indicated Pardo had worked in the aerospace field . The news conference Friday came after officials said a ninth body was found in the rubble at the home . Watch investigators at the burned-out home " Police said about 25 people attended the holiday party where Pardo , dressed in a full Santa Claus outfit , came in the front door and then moved through the house , firing two semiautomatic handguns . Covina police Friday released a recording of a chaotic 911 call . Voices are heard on the recording yelling , "  Stay away from the window ! " and pleading , "  Please come immediately ... he 's shooting ! He 's shooting ! " Later a voice gasps , "  He 's left the house -- my mom 's house is on fire ! " A distraught woman cries , "  My daughter 's been shot ! She was shot in the face on the side , and she 's bleeding ! " Police said Pardo brought four handguns to the home . The first victim was an 8-year-old girl who ran to the door after hearing a knock , police said . She was shot in the face but survived . "  She has a very , very severe injury to her face . It 's not life-threatening , but she 's got a very tough road ahead of her , " Lt. Pat Buchanan of the Covina Police Department said at a news conference Thursday . Watch police describe girl 's injuries " Raney said Friday that witnesses , who may have caught only glimpses of what was happening because of the chaos , thought Pardo may have targeted some victims . He said witnesses at the party said Pardo may have stood over some of the victims and executed them . Raney said people at the party were jumping out of windows on both floors of the house trying to escape the gunfire and flames . "  The information we have so far is that Mr. Pardo was married to the daughter of the resident of the house , " Raney said . "  They 'd been married for possibly one year , had recently divorced and a settlement was reached apparently last week . It sounds like that might have been a very contentious divorce . " Investigators have yet to identify the charred bodies recovered from the burned house , which belonged to Pardo 's ex-in-laws . Watch how the massacre unfolded " In addition to the nine people killed , police said three people were injured , including the 8-year-old girl . A 16-year-old girl was wounded by gunfire and was hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries , police said , and a woman who jumped out of a second-floor window suffered a broken leg and was hospitalized . Police said they have not accounted for three people : Pardo 's ex-mother-in-law , ex-father-in-law and ex-wife . Pardo 's neighbors talked to KABC on Thursday as they watched police search his home . "  He 's very nice , very sociable , " Cindy Keenan said . She said Pardo always decorated his home for the holidays . Patrick Guzman said when he encountered Pardo in his yard about two hours before the attack , "  He seemed normal . " "  He said ` Merry Christmas ' to me , " Guzman said . Ed Winter , assistant chief Los Angeles County coroner , said the bodies recovered were "  severely burned and charred " and dental and medical records and X-rays will be necessary to establish identities . Winter said the intense fire caused the top floor of the two-story house to collapse onto the first floor . Pardo 's body was discovered about 30 miles from the shooting scene at his brother 's house in the Los Angeles suburb of Sylmar , dead from "  a self-inflicted gunshot wound , " police said . Relatives returning to the house found Pardo 's body , police said . Buchanan said police received several 911 calls at 8:27 p.m. Wednesday . When officers arrived at the house three to four minutes after the first call , the dwelling was engulfed in flames . The fire was so intense that firefighters battled the blaze for an hour and a half before knocking the flames down so that officers "  were able to look into the house from the outside , and initially saw three bodies in the front portion of the house , " he said . As uninjured people were trying to escape , Buchanan said , "  that 's when he  Pardo  lit the accelerant in some manner -- we do not know how at this point -- and he fled the scene . " Buchanan said the device that spread accelerant was "  nothing that we or the arson-explosives unit has ever seen before . It appears to be homemade . " A Christmas Eve party at the house was a family tradition , Raney said , and the party had often featured a visit from a neighbor who was dressed as Santa Claus . He said that neighbor has moved out of the neighborhood and was not at the party Wednesday night . Referring to Pardo , Buchanan said , "  We do n't know at this point whether he was aware that there was a Santa Claus in years past . We 're assuming that he did , and that 's the reason for the outfit . "	NEW : 911 call : "  Please come immediately ... he 's shooting ! He 's shooting ! " Police say suspect had flight scheduled from Los Angeles to Canada Cops say Santa suit melted onto suspects body Body of missing ninth person found in ashes , coroner 's office says
CNN  -- The U.S. Justice Department will not seek the death penalty for U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden , Attorney General Eric Holder wrote to Russian authorities in a letter dated July 23 . In the letter , Holder says Snowden 's arguments for temporary asylum in Russia are without merit . Snowden is seeking asylum because he claims he will be tortured and face the death penalty if returned to the United States . But the death penalty is not an option given the current charges against Snowden , and even if additional charges are filed , the United States would still not seek capital punishment , Holder wrote . Once back in the United States , Snowden would not be tortured and would face a civilian trial with a lawyer appointed to him , the attorney general wrote . "  We believe that these assurances eliminate these asserted grounds for Mr. Snowden 's claim that he should be treated as a refugee or granted asylum , " Holder wrote . Snowden did not access ` crown jewels ' of NSA intel , official says He also said it is untrue that Snowden can not travel because his U.S. passport was revoked . Snowden is still a U.S. citizen and is eligible for a limited-validity passport that would authorize a direct return to the United States . "  The United States is willing to immediately issue such a passport to Mr. Snowden , " Holder wrote . Father asks Obama to rein in Holder In a letter released Friday , Snowden 's father called on President Barack Obama to order Holder to dismiss the criminal complaint filed against his son . Lon Snowden defended his son 's actions , comparing them to acts of civil disobedience . "  We are also appalled at your administration 's scorn for due process , the rule of law , fairness and the presumption of innocence as regards Edward , " the letter said . Earlier in the day , Lon Snowden said on NBC 's "  Today " that Snowden did the right thing by leaking U.S. intelligence and helping Americans see the truth . "  I think my son , when he takes his final breath , whether it 's today or 100 years from now ,  will  be comfortable with what he did , " he said . "  He did what he knew was right . He shared the truth with the American people . What we choose to do with it is up to us as a people . " Lon Snowden expressed his disappointment with the recent House vote that continued funding for the spy program that Edward Snowden exposed . There is a need for a strong intelligence community , Lon Snowden said , but many who voted for continued funding for the program are really looking out for the special interests that will benefit . "  It 's all about the money , " he said . The father said he has not been in direct contact with his son , but there has been indirect contact through intermediaries . The intermediaries do not include WikiLeaks , Lon Snowden said , but he added that he is thankful to that group for aiding his son . "  I 'm thankful for anybody at this point that is providing him with assistance to keep him safe and secure , " he said . U.S. , Russian officials continue talks Meanwhile , the Kremlin said that the Russian security agency FSB is talking to American officials . "  The situation around Snowden is not being discussed at the top level . There 's a discussion between heads of FSB and FBI , " the Kremlin press office said . A spokesman for Vladimir Putin said the Russian president "  expressed a firm intention to not allow " further damage to U.S. interests , including a pledge by Snowden not to release any more intelligence . "  And I have no doubt this is how it will be , no matter how the situation develops , " the spokesman said , according to the Russian news agency RIA Novosti . The many mysteries of Snowden 's transit zone Snowden is n't yet allowed to step outside the Moscow airport where he 's been confined for weeks . He is waiting for permission to stay elsewhere in Russia while his request for temporary asylum is considered . He has been searching for a place to settle after the United States charged him with espionage . The former National Security Agency contractor , who admitted last month to revealing sweeping U.S. electronic surveillance programs to the news media , left Hong Kong for Moscow on June 23 . Snowden may remain stuck in the transit area for weeks and maybe months , the head of Russia 's migration service , Vladimir Volokh , told the Russian news agency Interfax . The maximum length of time Snowden can spend at the airport is six months , he said . CNN 's Nancy Baker and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Snowden 's father asks the president to dismiss the complaint against his son Snowden 's father talks about the U.S. intelligence leaker Lon Snowden says his son did what he knew was right The FBI and security officials in Russia are discussing his case
CNN  -- There are , of course , those massive stone statues of ancient legend lining its coast . Then there 's the epic isolation -- more than 2,000 miles from the nearest population centers  Chile , Tahiti  , it 's one of the most remote inhabited places on the planet . But those are n't the only reasons to rank Easter Island  "  Rapa Nui " to locals  high on your list of exotic travel wishes . Polynesian in culture , Chilean in nationality , this volcanic archipelago in the southeastern Pacific Ocean remains a vibrant center of unique Polynesian culture and otherworldly scenery . What 's more , it 's not hard to get to , with Chile 's LAN Airlines making the five-hour flight from Santiago to Easter Island several times a week . Measuring 15 by eight miles , it 's easy to cover all of Easter Island in a single , unforgettable stay . Here are five reasons to start planning now . 1 . Moai Numbering almost a thousand , the moai  monolithic human statues carved from a single piece of stone  are scattered all over the island . They 're the principal reason people come to Easter Island and truly make any trip a once-in-a-lifetime experience . Carved in the image of the island 's Rapa Nui ancestors , the statues date to the twelfth century and measure up to a staggering 32 feet  10 meters  in height . Excavated in the 1970s , they stand in long lines . Some are solitary and all face inland . Each moai is different . Like caricatures , they 're fat , thin , big , small , tattooed -- you name it , the Rapa Nui carved them as an expression of an intricate culture that also included petroglyphs , tattooing and ancient Oceania 's only written language . 2 . Tapati Festival One of many Easter Island mysteries is how this remote piece of land came to be inhabited . Most historians agree that Polynesian seafarers arrived around 400 AD , but no one knows for sure -- some have posited an extraterrestrial connection . What is known is that it was n't until 1722 , when a Dutch expedition arrived , that the Rapa Nui had any contact with outsiders . At the time , the moai were still standing andÂ the local population numbered around 20,000 . Today , the islanders number 5,000 in total . That 's just four times the number of moai and less than the island 's horse population . But the island 's one-of-a-kind culture is kept alive with activities and festivals that highlight ancient arts such as spear throwing , tobogganing , dancing and body painting . The island 's top celebration is the Tapati Festival  February 1 through 15 , 2013  , which revolves around a series of competitions based on ancient sports . The highlight is the Haka Pei , in which male islanders  wearing only small loin cloths  toboggan down the Maunga Pui volcano on banana tree trunks . It 's a bumpy , crazy ride . The last competitor remaining atop his log is declared the winner . There are also dance competitions , carnival-style parades , food exhibitions and the crowning of the Tapati queen . 3 . Volcanoes Easter Island is primarily made up of three extinct volcanoes : Terevaka , Poike and Rano Kau . The youngest of the three , Terevaka forms the vast part of the island . Its slopes served as the Rano Raraku quarry , providing the volcanic tuff from which the moai were carved . Today , 400 eerie , petrified heads poke out of Terevaka 's grassy hillside , looking as though they were captured and frozen while trying to climb out of the mountainside . Poike makes up the island 's east "  wing " and Rano Kau forms the south . Rano Kau has a huge , impressive crater . It sits astride the ceremonial village of Orongo , which has breathtaking 360-degree views of the island and Pacific Ocean . 4 . Food Easter Island is n't a gourmet destination -- years of deforestation have led to a scarcity of local resources . But being surrounded by ocean means that seafood is n't just a staple , it 's outstanding . Fresh beans and yams tend to round out most plates . In Kaloa , the Hangaroa Eco Village 's Poerava restaurant might be the best place to eat on the island . It serves a delicious seared tuna and other local specialties according to the availability of ingredients . It also has sweeping ocean views . The resort also includes a bistro that serves pasta and cocktails . In Hanga Roa village , Ariki o Te Pana Cafe has excellent empanadas for those seeking simple , local food at reasonable prices .  Note : local restaurants are n't ` budget ' cheap -- for example , you can expect to pay more than US$ 20 for a dish of spaghetti at many places  . 5 . Eco-lodges A highlight for many visitors is a stay in one of the Easter Island 's eco-lodges . On the southeast side of the island , Posada de Mike Rapu is made entirely of local wood and gets high ratings for privacy . Opened in 2007 , the lodge says it was the first in South America to receive LEED  Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design  certification from the United States Green Building Council . The lodge has 30 bedrooms and undisturbed views over fields , red coral trees and the Pacific Ocean . Situated on a chunk of craggy coastline , Hangaroa Eco Village & Spa has 79 bedrooms and is within easy walking distance of the main village of Hanga Roa . It 's built in true eco-style , with adobe buildings topped with grass roofs . Inside , cypress tree trunks form pillars and en suite bedrooms have handmade clay baths . It 's like staying in a very luxurious cave . Posada de Mike Rapu ; +1 866 750 6699  from U.S.  or +56 2 2395 2800 ; from US$ 2,385 for three nights  double occupancy  ; website Hangaroa Eco Village & Spa in Hanga Roa ; +56 2 957 0300 ; from US$ 275 per night  double occupancy  ; website Been to Easter Island ? Share your experiences and tips below .	There is more than the incredible moai on offer The island 's top celebration is February 's Tapati Festival Seafood meals are outstanding Several eco-lodges are a highlight for many visitors
CNN Student News  -- January 18 , 2013 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : Washington , D.C. Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Federal authorities were at the apartment of deceased bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev on Sunday , executing a search warrant , an FBI spokeswoman said . Amanda Cox said , "  There is court-authorized law enforcement activity " at the home in Cambridge , Massachusetts , that Tsarnaev shared with his wife and young daughter . Workers in white hazmat suits were at the apartment , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . Cox said the search stopped for the day in the early afternoon . It was not immediately clear whether workers had taken anything from the home . On Friday , a source briefed on the investigation said investigators found explosives residue in the small apartment . It has turned up in at least three places , the source said : the kitchen table , the kitchen sink and the bathtub . Tsarnaev 's younger brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , has said they built the bombs there , U.S. law enforcement officials briefed on the progress of the investigation said . On Sunday , Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's body remained at a funeral home , where his uncle said he was trying to deal with the logistics of readying the body for burial . "  I 'm here to prepare his body , to wash it , shroud it , to prepare his body , " Ruslan Tsarni said . Tsarni said he was the only family member at the funeral home and had not had contact with Katherine Russell , Tamerlan 's widow . The funeral home owner , Peter Stefan , said he still has yet to find a cemetery willing to accept the body for burial . A day earlier , he had said that if no gravesite is found , he plans to ask the government to find a grave . Three cemeteries that Stefan contacted said they feared reprisals , but the funeral home owner said you ca n't pick and choose when it comes to a burial . "  This is what we do in a civilized society , regardless of the circumstances , " Stefan said . "  As I told some of them , at the immediate moment , you may fear  reprisal  , but later on , when things calm down , people are going to resent you because you did n't do it . " Tsarnaev 's death certificate has yet to be filed with the Boston city clerk , and there is no burial plot , according to the funeral home . The city manager of Cambridge said Sunday he would not allow Tsarnaev to be buried in the city if requested by the funeral director or Tsarnaev 's family . "  The difficult and stressful efforts of the citizens of the City of Cambridge to return to a peaceful life would be adversely impacted by the turmoil , protests , and widespread media presence at such an interment , " City Manager Robert W. Healy said in a statement . Tsarnaev died April 19 after he and his brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , shot a university police officer to death , carjacked an SUV and hurled bombs at officers pursuing them , according to authorities . A few days earlier -- April 15 -- he and his younger brother allegedly bombed the Boston Marathon , killing three and wounding more than 260 . CNN obtained a copy of Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's death certificate , which lists the cause of death as "  gunshot wounds of torso and extremities " and "  blunt trauma to head and torso . " The document notes that Tsarnaev was shot by police and run over and dragged by a car . It lists the manner of death as homicide and notes that he was "  DOA , " or dead on arrival . Authorities have said his younger brother may have run him over as they resisted arrest days after the marathon attacks . Separately , 12 people remained hospitalized with bombing-related injuries on Saturday , according to a count by CNN . None was in serious condition . Also , the frantic manhunt more than two weeks ago for the surviving bombing suspect drew the attention of gun rights advocates at their convention in Houston . National Rifle Association Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre said residents were "  imprisoned " in their homes with no means to protect themselves while police searched for the younger Tsarnaev . "  How many Bostonians wished they had a gun two weeks ago ? " he asked . "  Boston proves it . When brave law enforcement officers did their job in that city so courageously , good guys with guns stopped terrorists with guns , " he said . ` Everyone deserves to be buried ' Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's body remained unclaimed until Thursday , when Tsarni , who had previously publicly condemned his alleged attacks , had a funeral parlor pick up the body . Tsarni had decried the bomb suspects as "  losers " after the attacks . Their parents in Dagestan have said they will not fly his body back to Russia for burial , spokeswoman Heda Saratova said . WCVB reported that the hearse that picked up Tsarnaev 's body ferried it to a funeral home 30 miles from Boston , near the Rhode Island state line . Residents of North Attleboro , Massachusetts , took to the streets to boo Tsarnaev when they heard about the presence of the corpse in their town , The Sun Chronicle reported . Others took to social media to vent anger at the funeral home for accepting the body . It was later transported to Stefan 's funeral home , Graham Putnam & Mahoney Funeral Parlors in Worcester . "  Everyone deserves to be buried , " Stefan said . The marathon bombings Authorities say the brothers carried out the Boston Marathon bombings using explosive devices made with pressure cookers . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 19 , is being held at a federal Bureau of Prisons medical facility in Devens , Massachusetts , charged with using a weapon of mass destruction , which carries the death penalty . He is being treated for gunshot wounds to the head , neck , legs and hands that he received in the shootout with police that led to his brother 's death . Other target , possible cover-up The marathon was not the original target , the law enforcement officials said . The brothers had set their sights on a suicide attack on the city 's massive Independence Day celebration , which draws about 500,000 people and is televised nationally . But the bombs were ready sooner than anticipated , and a day or two before the Boston Marathon , they changed their plans , the officials said . They spoke on the condition that their names not be used because they were not authorized to discuss the matter with the media . One key question involves whether intelligence , law enforcement and homeland security agencies could have done more in their investigation of Tamerlan Tsarnaev in recent years before the attack and whether they shared information effectively enough . An independent government review is under way . In an interview with Univision published on its website on Saturday , President Barack Obama said that cooperation among agencies can always get better . But he again defended U.S. efforts . "  I think we can continue to improve and refine how we 're engaging and countering terrorist activity , " Obama said . "  I do n't think it 's fair to say though that law enforcement dropped the ball . " It is very difficult to prevent attacks when dealing with individuals who are self-radicalized and not part of a massive conspiracy or network , he said about the current belief of investigators looking at the origins of the Boston bombing . Tamerlan 's widow ; Dzhokhar 's friends Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's widow , Russell , has remained largely out of view since her husband 's death , staying in her parents ' Rhode Island home . Her attorney , Amato DeLuca , says the 24-year-old knew nothing about plans to bomb the race , and reports of her husband 's involvement came as an "  absolute shock " to Russell and her family . Three of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's friends have been accused of covering for the bombing suspects . Azamat Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev , both from Kazakhstan , were charged Wednesday with conspiring to discard potentially incriminating items from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's dorm room . Robel Phillipos , a U.S. citizen , was charged with making false statements to investigators . All three are accused of removing items from Tsarnaev 's dorm room after the bombings . According to FBI affidavits released this week , they left with the backpack and Vaseline -- which Tazhayakov believed could be used to make bombs -- and Tsarnaev 's laptop . Investigators found the backpack , fireworks and Vaseline in a landfill last week after a two-day search . The laptop was turned over by Kadyrbayev on April 19 , the same day the FBI raided the apartment he shared with Tazhayakov , Kadyrbayev 's attorney Robert Stahl said . The FBI is examining the laptop , two federal law enforcement officials told CNN . Authorities have said they believe the Tsarnaev brothers acted alone but are investigating whether they could have learned from or been aided by terror groups , including groups overseas . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Susan Candiotti , Eric Feigel , Carol Cratty , Marina Carver and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : Cambridge official says he wo n't allow burial in his city Uncle says he will help prepare body of deceased suspect for burial FBI at small Cambridge apartment where Tamerlan Tsarnaev lived Hazmat crew searching dead suspect 's apartment , CNN affiliate says
CNN  -- Petra Kvitova produced another scintillating showing to book her place in the final of the Dubai Open Friday . The World No. 8 defeated Caroline Wozniacki 6-3 6-4 to set up a clash for the title against Italy 's Sara Errani . The Czech star has beaten three top 12 opponents in succession and will now compete in her first final in sixth months . Azarenka out of Dubai Open "  I 'm really glad how I played today - it was a great match , " Kvitova told the WTA official website . "  We are different players . She tries to put the balls back , and I 'm the person who is playing aggressively and going for the winners . "  So what happens in the match really depends on if I 'm missing a lot or no , and I played well today . "  The atmosphere here is really nice . I enjoyed every moment today and I 'm happy I 'm in the final . " Williams follows Azarenka in quitting Dubai Wozniacki , who won the tournament two years ago , showed glimpses of quality , but failed to deal with the forceful nature of Kvitova 's attack . "  She just went for every shot and hit it deep , and I came under pressure straightaway , " Wozniacki added . "  I thought I served well , though . In the second set I think I had my chances , and I probably should have taken them but I did n't . "  You never know what could have happened in the third set but there was still a long way to go . At the end of the day , she played a very good match out there . "  Petra 's a player that when she 's on fire , she 's on fire and she wins a lot of matches . " Vinci and Errani to meet in Dubai Meanwhile , World No. 7 Errani defeated her doubles partner Robert Vinci 6-3 6-3 following an hour and 23 minute battle . "  It 's tough to play against one person who knows what you 're going to do with every shot , " she told the WTA website . Errani will go into the final as favorite having won each of her three previous meetings against Kvitova without dropping a set . But Kvitova believes she has every chance of springing a surprise Saturday . "  We 've played a few times , but she 's a Top 10 player , " she added . "  She has a good forehand with big spin and is quite fast on the backhand . "  She moves very well , too . She has had great results in the past and played quite well today , and she beat Petrova yesterday too . She 's a very tough opponent . "  I think it will be a really tough match tomorrow . " At the U.S Indoor Tennis Championships , Germany 's Sabine Lisicki will face Marina Erakovic of New Zealand in Saturday 's final . Lisicki , who is aiming to win a fourth WTA tour title , defeated Magdalena Rybarikova in the semifinals 7-5 7-5 , while Erakovic defeated Switzerland 's Stefanie Voegele 6-2 6-4 . Elsewhere , home favorite Jo-Wilfried Tsonga booked his place in the semifinals of the Marseille Open following a 4-6 6-3 7-6 win over Australia 's Bernard Tomic . "  I felt I was playing better than him , but there were some holes in my game , " Tsonga told reporters . "  I am happy to get through because it was very , very tense . " Tsonga , who will meet fellow countryman Gilles Simon in the last four , fought off five match points before claiming victory . Simon overcame Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro , who won last week 's Rotterdam Open , 6-4 6-3 with the second seed needing treatment on a thigh injury . In the other semifinal , Russian qualifier Dmitry Tursonov will face top seed Tomas Berdych . Tursunov saw off Gilles Muller of Luxembourg 7-6 1-6 7-5 , while Czech star Berdych overcame Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz 6-3 6-7 6-3 .	Petra Kvitova booked her place in the final of the Dubai Open World No. 8 defeated Caroline Wozniacki 6-3 6-4 Czech star will face fifth seed Sara Errani of Italy for the title French Open finalist Errani defeated doubles partner Roberta Vinci 6-3 6-3
CNN  -- The Obama administration urged Qatar on Thursday to allow an American couple convicted of wrongdoing in the death of their adopted daughter to return to the United States . A heightened State Department appeal comes after the family increased pressure on U.S. officials to do more to secure the release of Matthew and Grace Huang . When their daughter , Gloria , died in January 2013 , the couple was immediately arrested on charges they starved her to death . The Huangs , who maintained their daughter suffered from an eating disorder , have denied any wrongdoing in connection with her death and are fighting the conviction . Matthew Huang was employed in Doha by an international company working on construction projects for the 2022 World Cup . Convicted at trial After a lengthy trial , the Huangs were convicted of endangering the life of their child . They were sentenced in April to three years in prison . The State Department has expressed concern about the fairness of the legal proceedings in the case and disappointment in the verdict . It suggested that cultural misunderstandings were at the heart of the charges and that the evidence provided by the defense was not carefully considered . Several U.S. officials have privately expressed confidence in the Huang 's innocence , but have sought to exhaust all legal proceedings before seeking the Qatari government 's direct intervention in the case . After spending nearly a year in prison , the couple was released last November . They are prohibited from leaving Qatar during their appeal . The case suggested racial overtones when questions were raised by the prosecutor and police about why the Huangs , who are Asian , adopted children from Africa . State Department meeting The Qatari prosecutor has sought to paint Grace and Matthew Huang as inhumane , alleging they bought their adopted daughter cheaply from her poverty-stricken parents in Africa and has since threatened to seek human trafficking charges . The Huangs also have two adopted sons from Africa . On Wednesday , Grace 's brother , Daniel Chin , met with lawmakers and administration officials in Washington , urging them to make the Huang 's case a greater priority . He met with Assistant Secretary Anne Patterson and Undersecretary Wendy Sherman . Chin said he was assured more efforts would be made on behalf of his sister and her husband . "  Our family can not afford to take people 's word , " Chin said . "  We are starting to feel as if the State Department is abandoning Matt and Grace and our family . " Chin , who has given up his job in California to work on the case full time , does weekly skype chats with the Huangs and has traveled several times to Doha for their judicial proceedings , which the Qatari court continues to postpone . "  Justice deferred is justice denied , " Chin said . "  Enough is enough . " Difficult spot The case puts the United States in a difficult situation with a close ally it is working with on hot-button issues in the Middle East , including the civil war in Syria and the conflict in Gaza . The Qatari government also helped the United States secure the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl from Taliban captivity this year . "  We understand there are a lot of delicate things going on , " Daniel said . "  We understand Qatar is a big ally . But in all the discussions they are having with Qatar , why ca n't they bring more attention to the urgency of Matt and Grace 's case ? Seems obvious to me . " On Thursday , the State Department issued a statement saying that "  assisting U.S. citizens in need overseas was among the department 's highest priorities . " "  The State Department will continue to engage Qatari officials at the highest levels . We seek the Qatari government 's assistance in providing a fair and expeditious conclusion to the proceedings , " spokeswoman Marie Harf said in a statement . "  We also urge the Qatari government to lift the current travel ban and allow Mr. and Mrs. Huang to return home to the United States to be reunited with their two sons and the rest of their family , " she said . Two sons back in U.S. . The couple 's two sons were temporarily placed in a Qatari orphanage after the couple 's arrest , but have since been back to the United States to live with Grace Huang 's mother . "  It is heartbreaking to watch this family go through this , " says Eric Volz , who heads up the firm David House that is assisting with the Huangs case . "  Matt and Grace are fearful to go out in public . Being so far away and isolated and unable to be with their children is extremely stressful . " The case has garnered international attention and raised questions in the media about the prosecution , the overall fairness of the Qatari justice system . "  The Huangs case highlights the risks of Americans traveling to Qatar , " says Richard Grenell , a spokesman for David House . "  You could find yourself having to deal with an Islamic country 's legal system with rules of evidence and procedures based on the whims of judges and their government controllers . "	State Department steps up pressure on Qatar over U.S. couple 's conviction Matt and Grace Huang were tried and convicted in the death of their daughter They said the girl had an eating disorder , while Qatar prosecutors said they starved her The case comes at a delicate time for U.S. and Qatari ties
The mugshot shows a fairly clean-cut man with short hair , his head cocked , sporting a half-smile . That was Charles Mozdir in 2012 , when he stood accused of molesting a then 5-year-old boy in California . But authorities did n't see much of Mozdir after that picture , after he failed to show up for his arraignment . "  Our case went cold in 2012 , " conceded Supervisory Deputy U.S. Marshal Steve Jurman . "  He was definitely living on cash , with a good fake ID . He was off our grid . " Mozdir reappeared on their radar thanks to a Florida woman who watched CNN 's "  The Hunt " with John Walsh , which first aired July 20 . She recognized Mozdir when the show 's segment about him aired , she recalled his dog and she ultimately gave authorities his cell phone number , according to a senior law enforcement official . Tip during CNN 's ` The Hunt ' led police to suspect Her tip and some investigative work led police to Smoking Culture , a smoke shop in New York 's West Village . Working there was a man who some knew as "  Big John . " He sported a bushy beard and ponytail . He may not have looked much like the man from that 2012 mugshot . But the New York police detective who went into the smoke shop recognized him nonetheless . The detective came back soon with help , only to be greeted by shots from Mozdir . This time , the suspect did n't escape . He was killed in the exchange of fire . Fled after being arrested for child assault So who was Charles Mozdir ? Where did he go and what did he do , after that 2012 accusation ? To tell his story , you have to start two years ago , in Coronado , California . That 's where two close friends asked Mozdir to help care for their young son , who was home ill with a high fever . The parents say the boy said Mozdir touched his private parts . The parents went to police , after which investigators searched Mozdir 's house and found evidence of child pornography and bestiality on his cell phone and computers , according to U.S. Marshals Service Deputy Brian Grimes . Four days later , they arrested Mozdir . A district attorney told the Coronado boy 's parents Mozdir also was accused of child assault while babysitting another boy . Mozdir posted bail . But rather than show up in court to face the accusation , he ran . Grimes said investigators think Mozdir took all his money with him , indicating in a phone call he might go to Mexico or Japan . His roommate told police Mozdir had two guns and had threatened to kill himself and kill a victim 's father . This all made the Coronado boy 's parents ' nightmare worse , according to Walsh , who made tracking down fugitives his life 's mission after the 1981 abduction and killing of his 6-year-old son , Adam . 5 things to know about fugitive hunter John Walsh "  This family was destroyed , terrified that he would come back and hurt them , because they had the courage to come forward and file charges against him , " said Walsh , co-founder of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . From California to Florida to New York Authorities searched in California , they looked in the Mexican state of Baja California . But the first indication that Mozdir went east came June 20 , 2012 -- five days after his scheduled arraignment -- when his abandoned vehicle was found hidden in brush outside the coastal Georgia town of Darien . Its license plate was ripped off , an extra gas tank was inside . A bloodhound picked up Mozdir 's scent near U.S. 17 , which runs through Darien . Yet there was no sign of the man himself . As Jurman from the U.S. Marshals Service conceded , authorities did n't have much clue what happened . Now , they have a better idea . According to Jurman , "  Mozdir  had a history of working in smoke shops . He had a hobby of blowing glass , which would come in handy at a smoke shop . " To some , he seemed friendly enough . On Yelp , one customer of the West Village shop described him as "  super helpful . " Another wrote : "  John is the dude ! He was pretty chilled and very helpful . " And while his appearance and identify changed , one thing did not : Mozdir had a dog . The last time he 'd been spotted -- up until this week -- he 'd had his black Labrador , by the name of Lucky , with him . That 's one reason authorities gave credence to the call of the Florida woman , because she mentioned the dog . "  I know Mozdir , " the caller said , according to Jurman . "  He left here 10 months ago . " It 's not known if Mozdir went directly from Florida to New York , or if he stopped somewhere in between . But that 's where his story ended -- with a fight . In the smoke shop , Mozdir had a .32 - caliber handgun and over 20 rounds of ammunition . As police Commissioner Bill Bratton explained , "  Mozdir fired upon the officers at very close range , and the officers returned fire ... "  During the exchange of gunfire , the detective and two marshals were wounded . Charles Mozdir was shot dead . "	Charles Mozdir was accused of molesting a 5-year-old California boy He did n't show up for his arraignment ; authorities lost track of him A viewer of CNN 's "  The Hunt " recognized Mozdir ; her tip led to New York Mozdir died in an exchange of gunfire in a West Village smoke shop
Athens  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people rallied across Greece Thursday to protest further tough austerity measures , as a general strike essentially shut down much of the country 's transportation network . Clashes broke out in Athens after protesters threw stones and bottles at police and chanted slogans saying they had no place policing a peaceful demonstration . The rallies come as European leaders gather in Brussels , Belgium , for a summit where they will work on building closer ties between eurozone countries . The move is seen as critical to converting recent progress on fixing the region 's debt crisis into a sustainable path to growth . Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras is expected to argue there for more time for Greece to implement the cuts demanded by Europe in return for the latest installment of bailout funds the country desperately needs . EU leaders talk fiscal union as Greeks protest austerity The harsh austerity measures already in place have angered many people in Greece , which is in its fifth year of recession and has seen its unemployment rate soar to more than 25 % . Thursday 's general strike is the second in a month called by unions who say another round of cuts to wages and pensions are too painful for the Greek people to bear . Anger over the austerity measures have led to violent street demonstrations in the past . About 30,000 people took part in demonstrations in Athens Thursday , police spokesman Panagiotis Papapetropoulos said . The violence , which was fairly limited , lasted about 90 minutes . The protesters had largely dispersed from the city 's central Syntagma Square by mid-afternoon . A 65-year-old man died after fainting during the rally , an official with the PAME union said . "  The union 's doctors tried to revive the man but this was not possible , " Giorgos Pondikos said . "  He was taken to hospital where his death was confirmed . The incident is not related to any violence . " Rallies were also staged in mainland cities including Thessaloniki and Patras , as well as on the Greek island of Crete . "  We are here to protest the cuts ` they ' are making , the misery they are imposing on the people , " said a PAME union member protesting in Athens . "  I am here to ensure that the measures wo n't go through and because I feel Greek people should have a say on what is being done , " a fellow demonstrator said . Read more : Protestors rally as Merkel voices support for austerity-hit Greece "  There is no other way . The only way is for the working class to understand that we must change things . That what is happening is a result of a flawed system . And we must make sure that it stops to exist . " Some demonstrators waved the flags of Spain and Portugal , alongside those of Greece , in an apparent display of solidarity with other nations laboring under tough austerity programs . Shops were closed Thursday as a result of the strike , while hospitals operated on skeleton staffing and the transport system was badly affected . Greece 's coalition government is struggling to nail down all of the â ‚ ¬ 11 billion of spending cuts it needs to satisfy the conditions of its bailout . Athens is also reportedly at odds with the International Monetary Fund over the outlook for the economy and the likelihood it will achieve its deficit reduction targets . Samaras is pushing for a two-year extension of the nation 's bailout program , which the previous government agreed to in March . In a show of support , German Chancellor Angela Merkel met earlier this month with Samaras in Athens , suggesting that Berlin is softening its stance on Greece . The so-called troika of the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the IMF are due to report on Greece 's troubled economy in the coming weeks , with the release of the next tranche of bailout money dependent on its findings . Barroso : Europe federation ` unavoidable ' The troika said Wednesday at the end of a visit to Greece that agreement had been reached on "  most of the core measures needed to restore the momentum of reform and pave the way for the completion of the review . " Its representatives and Greek authorities "  had comprehensive and productive discussions on the policies needed to restore growth , employment and competitiveness , secure fiscal sustainability in a socially balanced manner , and strengthen the financial system , " the statement said . In Brussels , Europe 's leaders will discuss an interim report outlining steps to strengthen the eurozone , including proposed reforms of the banking sector and more integrated budget policies , according to a letter from European Council president Herman Van Rompuy . Greece 's long-running economic woes have shaken global markets and led to fears the country could crash out of the 17-member eurozone single currency if it defaults on its debt . The turmoil in the eurozone has exacerbated concerns about other ailing nations such as Spain and Italy , which are also struggling with high unemployment and debt . Read more : Greeks fearful of what will follow U.S. election CNN 's Diana Magnay , Elinda Labropoulou and Ben Rooney contributed to this report .	NEW : Violence flares in Athens as protesters rally against a new round of cuts NEW : A 65-year-old man dies after fainting during the protest , a union official says Union leaders have called the country 's second general strike in a month European leaders will discuss the continent 's economic situation at a summit
CNN  -- Historic flooding in the Balkans sent tens of thousands of people scrambling to higher ground on Sunday and sparked concerns that landmines from the Bosnian war could surface in mudslides , putting rescuers ' lives at risk . "  A vast number of landslides have worsened the situation and relief efforts , " the Red Cross said , describing the rains as the "  worst floods in more than a century . " "  There are reports that landmines buried during the conflict and not yet removed are in some instances being shifted with the landslides , adding  to  the dangers of people living in the areas as well as rescuers , " the Red Cross said . In Serbia , the severe flooding has prompted the evacuation of at least 24,300 people . Dragan Radovanovic , president of the Serbian branch of the Red Cross , said the number of people affected by the high water is actually much larger . Many people stayed in the houses or apartments , one rescuer told Reuters . "  Some people simply do not want to leave their homes , " Novica Biorac , a volunteer from a rafting club in Raska , said . "  We are trying to convince them to leave , but it 's very difficult . " Water in some places was chest high as rescuers shouted up to people in buildings who are stranded . One woman lowered a bucket , and a worker put a loaf of bread in it . "  Thank you , please come back again and also let us know what the time is . I have a clock but do n't have any batteries , " she shouted to the rescue team , according to Reuters . Twelve bodies have been recovered in Obrenovac , about 35 kilometers  22.7 miles  from the capital of Belgrade , the Serbian government said Sunday evening . One of the 12 was someone who had already died "  of natural causes , " Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic said , according to a government statement . Authorities estimate that 90 % of the town has been flooded . At least 13 people are dead in Bosnia and Herzegovina , Deputy Minister of Security Samir Agic said . The toll is likely to go even higher , officials cautioned . One of the deceased was a rescuer , Radovanovic said , though he said he knew of five deaths in Serbia . It 's the worst flooding Serbia has seen since the country began keeping records 120 years ago , according to meteorologists . "  Many cities and villages in western Serbia are completely under water , " the Serbian Embassy in Washington said in a statement Sunday , describing the situation as "  critical " and an "  unimaginable catastrophe . " Volunteers , soldiers and rescue workers have stacked sandbags in towns near rivers throughout the country , the statement said . The catastrophic weather has prompted authorities to declare a state of emergency in neighboring Bosnia and Herzegovina , according to a government statement . Bosnian authorities say the flooded town of Maglaj received the average rainfall for two months in less than two days . The Prime Minister pointed out that a dam 7.3 meters tall  24 feet  has been erected , but that the current level of the Sava River is over 6.3 meters -- a historic high . The river is expected to rise near Belgrade . He warned that it is difficult to predict what will happen if the river reaches 6.8 meters , or slightly more than 22 feet . In Kostolac , along the Danube River , workers were building sandbag walls to protect the thermal power plant there , one the energy minister called the most important power facility in Serbia . A written statement said it produces 20 % of the nation 's power . The Prime Minister thanked the many countries that have already come to Serbia 's aid . He was especially grateful to members of the Russian special forces , highlighting one member who swam 200 meters  656 feet  in cold water to save several people . Russia and Israel each announced Sunday they would send relief supplies . According to Finance Minister Dusan Vujovic , more than 10,000 troops have already been involved in rescue and assistance operations . CNN 's Jo Shelley and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	NEW : Serbia : "  Many cities and villages ... are completely under water " At least 13 people dead in Bosnia and Herzegovina , government says It 's the worst flooding Serbia , part of the Balkans Peninsula , has seen in at least 120 years The Red Cross says surfacing landmines could endanger rescuers and residents
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Heavy fighting continued Monday in Benghazi between Libyan army forces and an Islamist militant group the United States blames for the attack last year on its diplomatic mission that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . LANA , Libya 's state news agency , reported that at least six soldiers and one civilian were killed and 39 people were injured , most of them soldiers , in the clashes Sunday between the military and the group Ansar al-Sharia . On Monday , the Libyan government said that at least nine people were killed and 49 injured . A senior Libyan military official in the city , speaking to CNN on condition of anonymity for security reasons , said heavy fighting continued Monday morning as troops engaged members of the group in different parts of Benghazi . At midday , residents and state media reported a tense calm in the city . Schools in Benghazi were closed , and security forces , through alerts on state media , asked residents to remain indoors Monday morning as troops worked to secure the city . The fighting was not a planned operation but a "  reaction " to an attack on the army by members of the group Sunday night , the official said . He said members of a military special forces group called Thunderbolt , with support from local residents , responded with raids on Ansar al-Sharia locations in Benghazi . The official said the fighting Monday morning was intense , with Ansar al-Sharia fighters using mortars , rocket-propelled grenades and heavy weapons . He described the situation as very tense after reports that Ansar al-Sharia might be receiving reinforcements from the eastern city of Derna , where jihadist groups are active . Libyan state media reported that military forces were securing all main roads and entrances to the city . A Benghazi resident told CNN that heavy clashes broke out Sunday night , and gunfire and explosions intensified Monday morning across the city . "  This is really the heaviest fighting I have heard in Benghazi since the revolution " he said "  Ansar al-Sharia versus the army , this has been a long time coming . " Militant group returns After the assault on the U.S. Consulate last year , Benghazi residents attacked the headquarters of Islamist militias in the city , including Ansar al-Sharia 's base . The group left the base but later returned . During a visit to Benghazi this year , a CNN team confirmed that Ansar al-Sharia was back at its base and the group had a checkpoint at a western entrance to the city . The government has been struggling to control the hundreds of militia groups that operate freely across the country , including some radical militant groups with ties to al Qaeda in eastern Libya . Libyan militias hand over Tripoli bases to government Over the past year , there has been a significant deterioration in the security situation in Benghazi , which is Libya 's second-largest city and the cradle of the 2011 revolution . After an uptick in violence in the city , most notably in an assassination campaign that has primarily targeted security force members , most of whom held positions under the former regime , the government announced a security plan to secure the city . This month , Benghazi residents reported an increased Libyan army presence , most notably the Thunderbolt forces working to secure the city . Bombings and shootings have targeted army checkpoints and patrols , and a senior military official escaped an assassination attempt when a bomb targeted his car in Benghazi this month . The violence is blamed on Islamist extremist groups in the city . Commander : U.S. to help train Libyan forces Yousif Bassil contributed to this report from Atlanta .	NEW : Clashes that erupted Sunday night in eastern Benghazi continue into Monday Government is engaging fighters from Ansar al-Sharia , which the U.S. says attacked its consulate "  This is really the heaviest fighting " since the revolution , a resident says A Libyan military official says forces are responding after an attack on army members
CNN  Reigning Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton was the fastest man on the tracks during the second last day of pre-season testing at the Circuit de Catalunya near Barcelona Saturday . The Mercedes driver notched up the best lap of the day after changing from the slower medium compound to soft tires . Yet his time of one minute , 23.022 seconds was still marginally slower than that achieved by team-mate and 2014 driver 's championship rival , Nico Rosberg on the soft tires on Friday . The Englishman later told reporters he would have liked more laps having missed last week 's practice session due to illness but was content with how the car was performing . "  It 's been generally good , " Hamilton said in quotes carried by the AFP news agency . "  The team has done a great job to get all the components here and reliability has been strong . We are in as good a shape as we can be . " Mercedes were by far and away the dominant force in F1 last year and there was little indication Saturday that this will not be the case in 2015 . Williams were the closest challengers , as they had been on Friday , with Felipe Massa finding his best time of the testing season . But this was still fully two tenths of a second down on Hamilton despite Massa being on the faster super-soft tires at the time . Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen clocked third fastest time of the day , marginally over one hundredth of a second behind Massa . Saturday proved yet another unhappy day for the CNN sponsored McLaren-Honda team as reserve driver Kevin Magnussen 's participation was cut short after his car suffered an oil leak . Magnussen was standing in for Fernando Alonso who suffered concussion after crashing last Sunday . "  The day stopped a little too early for us , " said McLaren racing director Eric Boullier . "  We did n't do as many laps as we wanted . It is true it is going to hurt the development of the car on the performance side , but we will recover . " The F1 season gets underway in Melbourne on March 15 .	Lewis Hamilton fastest on second last day of F1 testing at Circuit de Catalunya Mercedes look to have the edge on other constructors
New York  CNN  -- Almost 15 months since Tyler Clementi committed suicide , his older brother James wants people to know that "  he 's much more than the way that he died . " Tyler was an 18-year-old freshman at Rutgers University in New Jersey when he jumped off the George Washington Bridge in New York on September 22 , 2010 , after prosecutors say his roommate and another Rutgers student spied on Clementi kissing another man via a computer webcam . His suicide ignited a media firestorm and thrust his brother into the national conversation in a way that James Clementi still finds difficult to grasp . "  There 's been so much attention and focus on my brother in the media in the last year and a half , since he passed , " Clementi told CNN 's Jason Carroll in an interview airing Wednesday on "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  But I felt like his voice and his personality , who he was , got lost completely in a lot of the dialogue that was out there about him . " Clementi said the brother he grew up with for 18 years was quiet and shy , but also extremely curious about the world around him . "  Anything that he did n't know , he would find out everything there was to find out about it , " he said . James , who is gay , said they had n't spoken about each other 's sexuality growing up , but when James finally came out to Tyler before Tyler left for college , he said his younger brother was becoming more comfortable with his own sexuality . "  I did n't want to push him , " James said . "  I actually brought it up to him that I was gay , kind of hoping that he would reciprocate and tell me the same thing about himself . ... I just wanted him to know so that it would be a safe place and that if he did want to talk to me , he would be able to . " Tyler told James he was gay , too , and James said it did n't "  seem to be any kind of burden or trouble for him , he seemed OK with it . " James acknowledged that while Tyler seemed at peace with himself before leaving for college , he must have hidden a pain within him , and he wonders how long he was hiding it . "  I think he was being brave by being honest with the people around him about his sexuality , and I think he really tried to be a strong person and be an honest person , " James said . "  It just seems like he was being punished for that forthrightness and made to be a joke or a laughingstock , and I think that must have taken its toll on him emotionally and mentally . " Tyler Clementi 's roommate , Dharun Ravi , is facing a 15-count indictment , which includes hate crime charges , in connection with Tyler Clementi 's death . He is going on trial on February 21 . In December , Ravi turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time . "  The trial is going to be incredibly emotional , " James Clementi said . "  I think we 're just hoping for some kind of justice in the court system and putting our faith in the prosecution to do what they need to do . " When asked whether he thinks about forgiving Ravi , Clementi acknowledged that he 's not quite "  there right now , " but said he knows there will be a time for that . For now , James Clementi is memorializing Tyler in an Out Magazine article , "  Letters to My Brother . " In one of the letters -- they all were written after Tyler 's death -- James asks how , after coming from the same background , Tyler always had a "  confidence and strength " that James did n't see in himself . "  I still , in many ways , wish I was more like him , " Clementi told CNN . "  The tragedy is that the sadness at the end was so much that it defines everything , but I think , to me , he is a strong and beautiful person and I admire him . " CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	"  The tragedy is that the sadness at the end ... defines everything , " James Clementi says Tyler Clementi killed himself after two students allegedly spied on him via webcam kissing a man His roommate goes on trial this month on 15-count indictment , including hate crimes James Clementi 's interview with CNN 's Jason Carroll airs on "  Anderson Cooper 360 "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Deadly blasts targeting foreign nationals in the Afghan capital Friday killed at least 17 people and wounded many others . Authorities were trying to determine how many people died and the nationalities of those slain . Kabir Al-Amiri , an employee at Kabul hospital , said eight Indians and one Pakistani national were among the dead . Afghan Interior Ministry officials said an Italian was killed , and the Indian Embassy said four Indians were killed in the attack . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks near the Safi Landmark Hotel in the neighborhood of Shahr-E-Naw , where there are a number of government buildings and U.N. offices as well as supermarkets , banks , diplomatic facilities and villas for well-to-do Afghans . The force of the first explosion -- at about 6:30 a.m.  9 p.m. Thursday ET  -- shook parts of the Afghan capital as windows shattered and smoke billowed . The sound of gunfire filled the air . The attack started with a suicide car bomb and four suicide bombers with explosive-laden vests , said Taliban spokesman Zaidullah Mujahid . Three of the bombers were killed , he said . About 20 minutes later , a second large explosion occurred . Afghan police blocked off roads leading to the area of the blasts . CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report	17 killed in attacks in Kabul , nationalities still to be confirmed Taliban claim responsibility for attacks , which started with suicide car bomb Three bombers were killed , Taliban spokesman says Neighborhood has a number of government buildings and U.N. offices
CNN  -- Bimini is a tiny land of simple pleasures . Ernest Hemingway lived on the small island chain in the Bahamas from 1935-1937 and famously drank vodka martinis , extra dry with olives , inside the Compleat Angler Hotel , which burned down in 2006 . "  Swim , eat , drink , work , read , talk , read , fish , fish , swim , drink , sleep . " That 's Bimini , summed up by a character in Hemingway 's novel "  Islands in the Stream . " Walking along a quiet stretch of white-sand beach , I 've come to appreciate this remote retreat of old-school fishermen , miles of mangroves and spectacular ocean views . The first group of islands in the Bahamas chain , Bimini -- with the small islands of North Bimini and South Bimini at its core -- is only about 50 miles from Miami , but the slow-and-easy lifestyle on the historic atoll feels like a world away . Adam Clayton Powell , the late congressman from New York who embraced a self-imposed exile on Bimini in 1967 , was known for sipping scotch and milk inside The End of the World Bar and referring to Bimini as a "  shaggy paradise . " For me , Bimini has always been a tranquil place to escape the commotion of big-city living , a sandy haven where I can sit and listen to the ocean waves gently slapping the shoreline . "  When you look at the ocean in Bimini you can often see a dozen different shades of blue and green , " said Capt. Ansil Saunders , an 80-year-old world-renown fisherman , boat builder and local legend . North Bimini is only seven miles long and less than a mile wide , so walking and biking along the main road -- "  The King 's Highway " -- is the best way to experience Bimini . With 1,600 residents in Bimini , there are no crowds or long lines and rush-hour traffic is often just a three-golf-cart pile-up in a hotel parking lot . Take a leisurely stroll through Alice Town , Bimini 's main settlement that dates back to 1848 , and you 'll find a cozy collection of small shops , family-owned restaurants and bars , one bank and plenty of engaging conversation . What you wo n't find in Alice Town are traffic lights . "  People come to Bimini because it 's a laid-back destination , " Anthony Stuart , general manager of the Bimini Tourist Office , said in a recent interview . "  They walk the street , sit on the side of the road , meet local people , listen to music and experience good food -- and that includes fresh-baked Bimini bread . " And , Stuart added proudly , "  Bimini is safe . " I 've traveled to Bimini many times over the years and even though swimming , eating , reading , talking and drinking consumed most of my days , exploring Bimini 's enchanting underwater world was also at the top of my to-do list . Fifty feet beneath the sea , Bimini offers an array of shipwrecks , shark dives , swim-through caverns and tunnels and colorful coral heads resting on the ocean floor . Divers also come to Bimini to explore the fascinating limestone formations that some believe to be the Lost Continent of Atlantis .  Nondivers can also experience Bimini 's reefs through daily snorkeling trips . Snorkeling is a fun and easy way to spot angel fish , moray eels , sea turtles and many other forms of exotic marine life . "  The scuba diving here is great , " Saunders said . "  The reefs are very beautiful and many people come here to dive with dolphins . " Tourists who venture near the docks may run into Saunders , Bimini 's most well-known resident . Saunders served as a personal guide to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1964 , when King wrote his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech on Bimini . King also returned to Bimini in 1968 to write the last speech he delivered , to the sanitation workers in Memphis , Tennessee , before his death . Forty-eight years ago , King wrote part of his eulogy in Saunders ' wooden boat deep in the Bimini mangroves , a winding swamp of thick bushes and trees where 100 species of fish and marine life fill the murky waters . "  There was such humility about Dr. King , " Saunders recalled . "  He enjoyed communing with nature in the mangroves . Birds were singing . Stingrays were swimming by . He was inspired . When he first stepped foot on this soil , I could tell there was something special about Dr. King and Bimini . " Bimini is known as the big-game fishing capital of the world . Anglers have been traveling to Bimini for decades to snare bonefish , snapper , tuna and wahoo . The island has become famous for its international fishing competitions and Bahamian guides , like Saunders , are skilled tradesmen . Even though Bimini is still a sleepy little island , change is coming fast . A new casino is almost completed and expected to open sometime in 2013 . The casino coincides with a "  fast ferry " between South Florida and Bimini that will offer tourists an alternative to flying . There is only one airport serving Bimini -- South Bimini Airport  BIM  . Daily scheduled air service is available to Bimini from Nassau , Grand Bahama Island and Florida . Where to stay I like the Bimini Big Game Club and the Bimini Bay Resort . Founded in 1947 , the Big Game Club is situated just off the main road in Alice Town . With 51 rooms and quaint cottages , the hotel also offers a 75-slip marina for tourists who arrive by boat . It 's a comfortable , clean and friendly facility within walking distance of Alice Town 's restaurants and bars . The Bimini Bay Resort is a new luxurious property that features 374 Caribbean-style hotel rooms with authentic Bahamian dÃ © cor . The resort features several upscale and inexpensive restaurants and a popular infinity pool that overlooks the ocean . Bimini Bay Resort is not as close to Alice Town as the Big Game Club , but it 's only a short ride by taxi , golf cart or bike to town . Where to eat The Anchorage Restaurant & Bar in Alice Town is a staple in Bimini that overlooks the sea . It 's a small , inexpensive family-owned restaurant serving genuine Bahamian food . Try the conch fritters and conch salad . The Bimini Big Game Bar and Grill serves good burgers , fresh fish sandwiches , pizza and steak . At the Bimini Bay Resort , Sabor is the resort 's most upscale restaurant , and Bimini 's most fashionable eatery . Try the conch ceviche and fish tacos . If you 're looking for nightlife and club-hopping , stick with Nassau , but if it 's serenity near the ocean that sounds appealing , then you might want to consider Bimini -- a stress-free destination for stressed-out travelers . As one Bimini native once told me : "  No rushing , no pressure , no heart attacks . " Michael H. Cottman writes about national politics for BlackAmericaWeb.com . He is an avid scuba diver and the author of "  The Wreck of the Henrietta Marie , " the story of a British slave ship that sank off the coast of Key West , Florida , in 1700 and Cottman 's personal journey retracing its route and scuba diving inlets where the ship anchored .	Bimini is only about 50 miles from Miami Bimini is a small chain of islands with North Bimini and South Bimini at its core Ernest Hemingway and Martin Luther King Jr. both escaped to the islands
EW.com  -- The "  Good Wife " returns Sunday night  CBS , 9 p.m. ET  , and while we 're all eager to meet Kalinda 's estranged husband Nick  check out our scoop on him here , and find out who was behind the door in the clip below  , there 's more to look forward to in season 4 . • The arrival of Nathan Lane . We 'll also meet his recurring character , the firm 's appointed trustee Clarke Hayden , in the season premiere . "  He becomes a foil to everyone , but primarily Diane and Will , " co-creator Robert King says . "  We 've been studying a lot about law firm bankruptcies , and when you want to restructure to give yourself relief from your creditors , sometimes a bank or court will order in a trustee . A trustee is someone who represents the creditors ' interest , and he or she is brought in above the managers , or the partners in this case . He basically can veto any decisions of the partners . " It 's an especially interesting time for Will , who 'll be practicing again now that his suspension is over . "  Because they are in this kind of bankruptcy limbo where they have to make a certain amount to pay off the creditors in a certain amount of time , it 's a very bad time to find a conscience . Just like we 're all struggling with that in this economy : How much do you let your ethics lead , and how much do you let your pragmatism lead ? Will 's gon na be struggling with that almost daily . " And do n't forget about David Lee . "  David Lee 's someone who has new clout given this bankruptcy and the fact that family law is doing so well . Given the world of Lockhart Gardner and how much it 's struggling , David Lee is a commodity and will have a lot of confrontations with the Nathan Lane character . " • Seeing more Cary . "  We love Matt Czuchry . We felt we painted ourselves a little into a corner having him over at the State 's Attorney 's office . It really was good for cases when he was on the other side , and it was really good with the Peter relationship . We got to see what that developed into . But we feel so much better having him again in-house , " King admits . "  You just want to see more of him . You want to see more contact with Alicia , with Kalinda . So we feel we have a mature Cary coming back to the Lockhart Gardner fold . The irony , of course , is the moment he comes back is when things are just miserable financially over there . So it 's both good and bad for him . Cary started as someone who was more pragmatic and then become more ethical over the last three years . We want to see how that plays out now in this new environment where it 's kind of dog eat dog . " And how will things be between Cary and Kalinda ? "  There 's a difficulty there , because now Kalinda 's husband 's in town , and so , the Cary-Kalinda relationship is n't a straight line . It never has been , but it gets even more crooked , " King says . "  And I think the other thing with Cary is we want to see a little bit more of people 's home lives this year . It 's hard for the show to go too far in that direction , because it ca n't take you too far from other plot lines . " • Eli 's focused again on Peter . "  We felt we made a mistake with Eli last year . Sorry to admit it now , " King says , with a laugh . "  But the thing is , Eli seems to have more fun when he has one overwhelming goal for the year , as opposed to little goals . And the goal for the year is to get Peter elected governor . And Eli has never played in the big leagues like this before . And to see an Eli , who is unhinged , try to get Peter elected is just going to be very fun I think both for Alan Cumming and the audience , who will see him dealing with a lot that we see now nationally with Romney and Obama -- the mix of serious issues but also being tainted by frivolous issues . How do you separate the two and should you ? How do you keep what 's frivolous in the public 's eye so they do n't start questioning about Peter 's past with a prostitute or Peter 's time in prison ? It 's not just a defensive game , it 's an offensive game , and Eli becomes a master at that game . " • Jackie and Eli ! "  You 're gon na see Jackie first in episode 4 , and she 's gon na have a stronger presence this year , partly because Jackie is someone who will use anything to get what she wants , and now she 's using her potential illness as another weapon in her arsenal . The other thing is for the campaign , it 's very important when you 're going state-wide in Illinois that you get the senior vote . And Jackie can pull in seniors who would otherwise be reluctant to vote for someone who slept with prostitutes , " King says . "  So obviously , what we love about that is her fights with Eli . So Alan Cumming and Mary Beth Peil are for us a couple from comedy heaven . We want to see more of those struggles as they go through the campaign this year . " • A different kind of Peter . "  The third season was a Peter who wanted to do things differently . This year is a Peter who really wants to win , and how do you keep your ethics when you really want to win ? Do you just let other people around you do the dirty work for you , or do you engage on that ? " King says . "  Some of the issues from the year before will come back for him , supposed racism in his department and other issues . So what we want to see a Peter who has to deal with these things sometimes by ignoring them and letting Eli just handle them . " • How Peter 's campaign affects Alicia . "  There 's a more engaged Alicia this year because she really wants her husband to win , too . Not for any power move on her part , but because she 's afraid of what the opposition will bring , " King says . But there are issues . Let 's start with the kids : "  Zach 's 17 , Grace is 15 . Zach really wants to be involved with the campaign . Alicia does n't want it . But at a certain point , the kids reach the age where they 're not off-limits anymore . How do you keep them from being involved with the campaign when they 're kind of being dragged into the campaign by the press ? " King says . "  And what we like about that is what it does for Alicia . Her natural instinct has always been to protect her kids , but then it becomes a question mark : is it really appropriate anymore to protect them as much as she wants to ? " As the issue of race becomes part of the campaign , the fact that Zach is dating an African-American young woman could be useful . "  The difficulty obviously is where does Alicia draw the line when she knowingly is being used : Do you just start having a jaundiced eye toward the fact , or do you really draw the line and say , ' I will not allow our family to be used this way ? ' And that 's a struggle within Alicia because she 's not a kid anymore and she 's not naive about how the world works . " There 's also Alicia 's friendship with Maura Tierney 's recurring character , wealthy businesswoman Maddie Hayward , who makes her first appearance in the second episode . Eli will want Maddie to endorse Peter . "  The difficulty dramatically for characters on our show is where do you draw a line between the personal and the professional . And sometimes , more often than not , people do n't draw the line . Everything that 's professional is personal and everything that 's personal is professional . And for Alicia , that 's a very difficult balance . Sometimes she wants someone to be a friend and not there to be an agenda . " See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Good Wife " returns for a new season on Sunday Co-creator says fans will see more of the character Cary He also says viewers will witness a Peter who really wants to win
CABANATUAN CITY , Philippines  CNN  -- Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines over the weekend , triggering landslides that killed at least 12 people , local media reported Sunday . Residents paddle boats through the streets of Santa Cruz , south of Manila . At least three other deaths related to the storms were confirmed earlier . Among the latest victims were children ages 8 and 10 , a local reporter who was at the scene of both landslides told CNN . The storm is expected to stall for at least three days north of Luzon -- the largest of the Philippine islands -- dumping more rain on the island nation still reeling from a typhoon last week , said CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera . Heavy rains will remain , but wind will not be much of a factor , Cabrera said . At 11 p.m. ET on Saturday , Parma had maximum sustained winds of 120 kph  74 mph  , Cabrera said . Aid agencies were in the area assisting survivors . "  There are many uprooted trees , as well as down power lines , making roads impassable in some areas , " said Wilma Lacaden , a member of the World Vision organization , in a statement . "  Homes constructed of light materials were blown away . In many areas , there is no electricity , and rivers have overflowed , making some towns and villages inaccessible . " World Vision staffers handed out food and candles to 200 families on Saturday night , and plan to assist another 350 families in nearby Zambales on Sunday , distributing relief packs of food and water , the statement said . Parma , known locally as Typhoon Pepeng , made landfall Saturday afternoon in a rural region of fishermen and farmers in Luzon . Tens of thousands of people fled their homes for safer shelter . Winds whipped the coastline and felled power lines in northernmost Cagayan Province . Debris littered the roads , making evacuations more difficult . Read about the fate of a farming community in Cagayan Parma avoided a direct hit on heavily populated Manila . In the capital city on Sunday , it was sunny , Manila resident Arturo Fidelino said in an e-mail to CNN , adding the last few days have been "  grueling " for Filipinos . "  After those two horrendous typhoons ... we 've got to start picking up the pieces and move on , " he said . "  Easy for me to say and for those who were not worst hit by the devastation , but too difficult for those whose houses were wiped out , furniture destroyed and relatives and loved ones nowhere to be found . " However , he said people have banded together to help one another , and it "  has made me realize that the ` bayanihan spirit '  part of Filipino culture where neighbors help each other  among Filipinos is still alive and kicking . All along I thought that it has just been part of our history and not part of this present times . I was mistaken . " Fidelino wrote his 73-year-old mother had to be evacuated when her home flooded . The typhoon is expected to dump as much as 8 to 20 inches of rain in areas still water-logged from last week 's Typhoon Ketsana . That storm resulted in the heaviest rainfall in 40 years and at one point , 80 percent of Manila was submerged . Ketsana , which swallowed whole houses and buses , killed 246 in the Philippines . An additional 38 are missing , the National Disaster Coordinating Council said . The storm affected nearly 2 million people . CNN 's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff in Cabantuan City , and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report .	15 dead in Philippines from Typhoon Parma , local media report Storm heads to sea after crossing northern Philippines Tens of thousands of Filipinos sought shelter in evacuation centers The biggest threat was rain in areas water-logged by Typhoon Ketsana
CNN  -- A protester in military fatigues and an old steel army helmet barks out orders to a line of Ukrainian police officers -- yes , police officers . "  Forward , march ! " shouts the protester . And the officers move , to the delight of cheering protesters . "  Good work ! Good work ! " the crowd screams as the officers move toward Kiev 's Independence Square . The officers -- about 30 in number -- are defectors mostly from the town of Lviv in western Ukraine , where most look toward Europe in a divided nation that has long split allegiance between Europe and Russia . Their commander , Vassily Krikowsky , decided to lead them to Kiev after seeing the images of bloodied protesters , some killed -- opposition officials say -- at the hands of security forces . "  We want to make a statement that we can not tolerate this any longer , " he said . "  We are from western Ukraine , and we want to show everyone that the police is with the people . " The question of whether some police officers were defecting amid the violence took center stage on Thursday , when the government said protesters had taken several dozen police officers hostage . However , other officers appeared on Ukrainian television saying they had defected after receiving orders to use force on protesters . It 's unclear what might happen to the men . An agreement signed Friday by government and opposition leaders requires protesters and security forces alike to withdraw from the streets and turn in illegal weapons . It appears to protect protesters from prosecution for illegal weapons possession during the protest . But it does n't address the case of police officers who walked away from their jobs to join and help defend protesters against their comrades . Although things are peaceful today , the men are well aware that they might have to confront their colleagues on the other side of the barricades if the situation escalates again . "  Some police officers have committed crimes , " Krikowsky said . "  By shooting at unarmed people and medical volunteers . Those are crimes . "	Police commander leads his officers from western Ukraine to Kiev "  We can not tolerate this any longer , " the commander says of scenes of violence "  Some police officers have committed crimes , " Vassily Krikowsky says
CNN  -- Ohio State 's former marching band director is speaking out for the first time since the university fired him over the band 's overly sexual culture . Jonathan Waters was fired in July after a university investigation concluded he "  should have known about sexual harassment that created a hostile environment . " Waters told CNN affiliate WBNS on Tuesday that he was "  absolutely shocked by the one-sidedness of the report , " and called his firing a "  rush to judgment . " He also said that despite the school 's conclusion to the contrary , he was sanitizing the marching band 's historically tawdry culture that he first experienced as a sousaphone player in the 1990s . "  That cultural change is also evident in the many , many letters from current and former band members , which attest to Jonathan 's efforts and concrete success at moving the band 's culture in a positive direction , " his attorney , David Axelrod , said Tuesday . The investigation 's report , released July 23 , told of bawdy band member nicknames and risquÃ © traditions such as the "  midnight ramp , " in which band members entered the stadium through a ramp wearing only their underwear . Axelrod said Waters knew about some of the band 's bad behavior , but he said he did "  everything he possibly could to end it . " "  You know he experienced inappropriate behavior as a rookie band member himself . He was deeply affected by it and that 's why as band director he did everything he could to stop anything inappropriate , " he said . The attorney said Waters "  left the band with a far improved culture from the one that he inherited , " and slammed the report that ousted him . "  Had  investigators  chosen to talk with a representative sample of students and alumni , rather than its hand-picked , isolated sample , its conclusions would have been far different , " he said . The university responded Tuesday . "  The former director has yet to produce any factual examples that demonstrate any tangible attempts to change the band culture , " said Gary Lewis , an Ohio State spokesman . "  In fact , the former director himself acknowledged that he knew of the nicknames both as a student member of the band and as its director . " But Waters said "  the university found no tangible evidence of cultural change because it conveniently chose not to look . " Ohio State also appointed two interim band leaders Tuesday . Attorney : Band director was wrongly fired over ` flawed ' report	Ex-Ohio State Marching Band leader breaks his silence after being fired last month OSU ousted Jon Waters after a report detailing a pervasive sexual culture within the band Waters calls the report one-sided and says his firing was a rush to judgment
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A judge rejected AEG Live 's request that she dismiss the Michael Jackson wrongful death lawsuit , but two executives were dropped as individual defendants on Monday , a ruling that had each side claiming a measure of victory . The trial , which is in its fifth month in a Los Angeles courtroom , is expected to conclude with closing arguments as soon as next week . But before AEG Live lawyers rest their defense case on September 16 , they may call Michael Jackson 's mother back to the witness stand , attorney Marvin Putnam said . A decision will be made on the need for more testimony from Katherine Jackson after the judge rules on several issues regarding possible damages on Wednesday , Putnam said . The Jackson family matriarch delivered two days of dramatic testimony in July , which included a heated cross examination by Putnam . "  She was trying to answer the questions the best she could , " Jackson lawyer Brian Panish said after she left the stand . "  I think maybe she lost her temper a little bit and she tried to restrain herself in a very Christian-like way . " Jackson 's 83-year-old mother and three children accuse AEG Live of negligently hiring , retaining or supervising Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the pop icon 's death . The company 's executives missed several warning signs that Jackson 's health was deteriorating under Murray 's care , they contend . AEG Live argues that Jackson , not its executives , chose and controlled Murray . Judge : Jurors will decide the case Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos ruled on Monday that the case against AEG Live will be sent to the jury . The company had filed a "  nonsuit motion " that argued the Jacksons failed to present enough evidence to warrant jury deliberations . "  Substantial evidence has been presented at trial from which a jury can reasonably infer that defendants  AEG Live  knew or should have known that Dr. Murray presented an undue risk of harm to decedent  Jackson  , " she said in her ruling . AEG Live lawyers contend that their executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous -- and ultimately fatal -- infusions of the surgical anesthetic propofol the doctor was using to treat the singer 's insomnia . The coroner ruled Jackson died of a propofol overdose on June 25 , 2009 -- just days away from the premiere of his "  This It It " tour in London . The judge also ruled that the Jacksons "  presented substantial evidence " that AEG Live 's "  conduct was a substantial factor in causing " Jackson 's death . Pain was real , doctor testifies "  A jury may logically infer from the evidence that  Jackson  died because Dr. Murray , who was adversely affected by a conflict of interest created by his contractual arrangement with AEG , treated a deteriorating insomniac who was not ready to perform , causing Dr. Murray to make bad medical decisions that caused  Jackson 's  death , " the judge wrote . The Jackson case contends AEG Live created a medical conflict of interest by agreeing to pay the debt-ridden Murray $ 150,000 a month to serve as Jackson 's personal physician . Murray 's agreement said he could lose his job if the tour was postponed or canceled , leading him to make unsafe medical decisions , they argue . Murray told investigators he treated Jackson with propofol most nights for the last two months of his life . The Jacksons contend the treatments began once AEG Live co-CEO Paul Gongaware agreed in a phone call to Murray 's demands for $ 150,000 a month . "  The timing of when Dr. Murray ordered propofol is a matter of factual dispute  as to whether that means Dr. Murray used it prior to AEG 's retention of him  , " the judge wrote . "  The court finds that plaintiffs presented sufficient evidence that Dr. Murray 's treatment of decedent was connected to Murray 's employment by AEG . Therefore defendants ' motion for nonsuit is denied . " AEG Live execs dropped from suit AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips and co-CEO Paul Gongaware were dismissed as individual defendants in the case . The two executives in charge of producing and promoting Jackson 's comeback concerts "  did not assume personal liability " when dealing with the hiring of Murray , Palazuelos wrote . "  Rather , they acted solely as an agent of AEG Live . " A Jackson lawyer downplayed the significance of the dismissal of the two men as defendants , saying the plaintiffs previously offered to drop them from the case but AEG Live lawyers refused . Closing arguments could come as soon as September 19 , after Jackson lawyers offer several witnesses next week in rebuttal to the AEG Live defense . Testimony was suspended for this week because a female juror traveled out of the state on an emergency trip to visit a seriously ill close relative , Palazuelos said Monday .	AEG Live lawyers say they may call Michael Jackson 's mother back to the witness stand Judge : Enough evidence to "  reasonably infer " AEG should have known Murray was a risk AEG Live execs Randy Phillips and Paul Gongaware dismissed as individual defendants Testimony resumes September 16 with closing arguments soon after
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Rodney King , whose videotaped beating by police ultimately led to the 1992 Los Angeles riots , was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence on Tuesday , police said . King was behind the wheel of a 1994 Mitsubishi when he was pulled over in Moreno Valley , in Southern California 's Riverside County , the city 's police department reported . Officers saw King -- who has acknowledged a longstanding drinking problem -- commit "  several traffic violations , " a police statement said . "  A preliminary evaluation of the driver indicated he was possibly driving while impaired . The subject was transported to the Moreno Valley Police Department for a further evaluation , " police said . He was booked after that further evaluation , they said . King 's 1991 beating by Los Angeles police officers after a traffic stop left him with skull fractures and brain and kidney damage . It was captured on video by a nearby resident , and four officers were indicted as a result . But their trial the following year led to three acquittals and a mistrial in the predominantly white suburb of Simi Valley , verdicts that set off three days of riots in African-American neighborhoods . By the time it was over , 55 people were dead , more than 2,000 were hurt , and property damage exceeded $ 1 billion . Two of the officers were later convicted of federal civil rights charges , and King won $ 3.8 million in damages from the city in a civil suit . King was on parole for robbery at the time of the beating and has had several run-ins with the law in the ensuing years . He served a 90-day jail term in 1996 for a hit-and-run involving his wife at the time , and pleaded guilty in 2004 to reckless driving and driving under the influence of a controlled substance . In March , he was cited for driving without a license after being pulled over in Arcadia , California .	King was booked on suspicion of driving under the influence His 1991 beating by police led to massive riots the following year
CNN  -- Formula One 's main protagonists are saving their best until last thanks to a controversial new rule change at Sunday 's season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . The 2014 drivers ' championship will be decided at the desert denouement when Mercedes title rivals Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg roll out for a double or nothing gamble . Hamilton leads Rosberg in the standings by a healthy 17-point margin , but a new rule awarding double points at the season finale has raised the stakes . The top-10 finishers at the twilight race will get two points for the price of one with the race winner earning 50 points . The rule change means it is mathematically much easier for Rosberg -- son of 1982 world champion Keke Rosberg -- to snatch the title from championship leader Hamilton . Should Rosberg win the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , Hamilton , who won the world championship with McLaren in 2008 , must finish second to stop his German teammate winning his first world title . If the race win was worth 25 points -- as it has been at the preceding 18 races this season -- Hamilton could finish as low as sixth and still claim a second world championship . The double points rule was the brainchild of the F1 's commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone and was introduced by the sport 's governing body the FIA . The new ruling dangled the carrot of keeping the championship alive until the very last race , and so it has proved . But the novelty of double points has had a lukewarm reception , even from the man who has the most to gain from the rule change . "  I find it artificial and I do n't like it in general , " Rosberg told the media after his victory at the last race in Brazil . "  Of course , now with the way it is , it 's great for me . We 'll see how it goes this year . We need to keep on reviewing it . " Describing the double points as "  artificial " puts Rosberg in tune with the general feeling among F1 's inner circle of drivers , teams and the traveling media pack . The concept of a single race being arbitrarily twice as valuable as the other 18 on the calendar has been hard to digest among the sport 's diehard racers . But hard-racing Hamilton -- who describes his attacking style behind the wheel as "  driving like I stole it " -- is adopting a cool and calm approach to the high stakes race in Abu Dhabi . "  It 's something you ca n't be thinking about , " said Hamilton , who has won 10 races in 2014 compared to Rosberg 's five victories so far . "  It 's not something I 'm willing to accept . I 'm just going to keep pushing as hard as I can and to win as many points as I can . "  I ca n't be thinking , ` what happens , if this happens in the future ? ' If we lived our life like that maybe you wo n't achieve what you set out to achieve . " The Mercedes hybrid turbo car has been the dominant force this season and the team sealed its first-ever team title with three races still to go . An 11th one-two finish in Brazil saw the Silver Arrows also break the previous record for the most one-two finishes in a single season set by fierce McLaren rivals Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost in 1988 . But the drivers ' championship , which has swung between Hamilton and Rosberg throughout the season , is still poised precariously ahead of the Abu Dhabi finale . "  Both are worthy champions , " Mercedes motorsport director Toto Wolff said of his dueling drivers on the team 's official website . "  Of course , there will be bitter disappointment for one of them and great joy for the other . It is now down to us to ensure that this fascinating year concludes in the right way by giving Lewis and Nico a platform to settle the title purely on the track . May the best man win ! " There are whispers the Mercedes bosses are privately worried a reliability problem could decide which of their men wins the title . Wolff told the BBC if Hamilton broke down during the race it would be "  a nightmare . " Hamilton retired with an engine problem in Australia , a brake failure in Canada and because of damage to his car after Rosberg collided with his teammate in Belgium . In turn , Rosberg failed to finish the British Grand Prix with a gearbox failure and electronics problems stopped him early in Singapore . A reliability issue for Hamilton could also be a major public relations headache for Mercedes , especially in the competitive arena of F1 where the finger of suspicion is always ready to point . It could also have ramifications on the driver market . Hamilton 's Mercedes contract runs out at the end of 2015 and he is due to discuss new terms after the season while Rosberg signed an improved multi-year contract in the summer . Ferrari and McLaren are yet to confirm their 2015 driver lineups while on Wednesday Romain Grosjean became the latest driver to secure his seat for next season with Lotus . For now , the Mercedes duelists go into the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix weekend knowing the title is in their hands . Hamilton won the twilight race for McLaren in 2011 and has taken pole at the glittering Yas Marina circuit twice but was beaten in qualifying and the race by his Mercedes teammate Rosberg last season . "  I go into this race with no fear and with every belief that this can be my title , " said Rosberg . "  Win or lose , double points or no double points , I feel proud of what I have achieved this year . " On the opposite side of the Mercedes garage , Hamilton is also counting on fortune 's favor in Abu Dhabi . "  I 'm hoping that bad luck wo n't play a part this time around and I know the team has been working flat out to make sure it does n't , " he said . "  I 'm feeling relaxed , I 'm feeling confident and I 'm ready to win . " F1 's twilight finale in Abu Dhabi is poised to be a sensational showstopper but when the sun goes down on the 2014 season only one man be will riding into the sunset as the new world champion . Read more : Bianchi out of artificial coma Read more : Is Formula One running out of gas ?	The 2014 Formula One world champion will be decided at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , Sunday Lewis Hamilton leads his Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg by 17 points Double points are on offer in Abu Dhabi with the race win worth 50 instead of 25 points The new ruling has proved controversial with Rosberg describing it as "  artificial "
CNN  -- With all that 's happening in the news , you might think moviegoers would skip over danger and depression in favor of something funny and light . You 'd be wrong . "  Gone Girl , " the dark drama about a disappearance that reveals a dysfunctional marriage , won fall 's first big box office battle over the weekend , holding off a stronger-than-expected challenge from the horror prequel "  Annabelle . " Directed by David Fincher and starring Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike , "  Gone Girl " features murder , infidelity , psychosis , deception and tabloid TV .  Before you start yelling "  spoilers ! " remember that most reviews of the film came out more than a week ago , and Gillian Flynn 's best-selling novel has been on shelves for two years . Earning $ 38 million , "  Gone Girl " is director Fincher 's biggest debut ever , easily surpassing the $ 30 million "  Panic Room " opened with in 2002 . Though most horror films have suffered at the box office this year , new release "  Annabelle " bucked the trend . With an opening weekend bow of $ 37.2 million , the movie quintupled its $ 6.5 million budget and nearly knocked the higher-profile "  Gone Girl " out of top spot . The fright flick is a prequel to last year 's "  The Conjuring , " so that connection may have helped -- and if there 's a month when horror movies figure to score , it 's October . The weekend 's other major release , "  Left Behind , " was even darker in tone , depicting a world literally gone to hell after the Rapture . Nicolas Cage assumes the Kirk Cameron role in the latest big-screen take on the postapocalyptic Christian novels . Critics savaged the thriller , but enough moviegoers turned out to give it a decent debut of $ 6.9 million , finishing just outside the top five . There was some laughter , light and heroism to be found at theaters as "  The Boxtrolls , " "  Dolphin Tale 2 " and the Energizer bunny of 2014 movies , "  Guardians of the Galaxy , " held strongest at the box office . Marvel 's "  Guardians " spent its 10th straight weekend in the top 10 , increasing its total domestic box office take to $ 323 million . If twisted relationships , possessed dolls and the end of the world are n't your cup of cinematic tea , it 's reassuring to know a talking tree named Groot will still be around for a while . Domestic weekend box office estimates from Exhibitor Relations Co.  final numbers available Monday afternoon  : 1 . "  Gone Girl , " $ 38 million 2 . "  Annabelle , " $ 37.2 million 3 . "  The Equalizer , " $ 19 million 4 . "  The Boxtrolls , " $ 12.4 million 5 . "  The Maze Runner , " $ 12 million	The dark drama "  Gone Girl " opened at No. 1 Horror prequel "  Annabelle " came in at a close second "  Guardians of the Galaxy " is still holding on in the top 10
CNN  -- Changes to social studies curricula introduced by conservative members of the Texas State Board of Education were approved Friday after months of ideologically driven debate . Three separate votes on amended guidelines for elementary - , middle - and high-school curricula each resulted in 9-5 splits along party lines in favor of the new standards , known as Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills . New standards for the high school economics course passed 14-0 . Debate over the guidelines has drawn scrutiny since conservative members of the board introduced the changes in 2009 in what they considered an effort to bring "  balance " to the curriculum . "  What we have is the history profession , the experts , seem to have a left-wing tilt , so what we were doing is trying to restore some balance to the standards , " board member Don McLeroy said in March . Among the approved amendments , according to the Texas Education Agency : discussions of the "  solvency of long term entitlements , such as Social Security and Medicare " ; and an examination of why "  the Founding Fathers protected religious freedom in America and guaranteed its free exercise by saying that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof , and compare and contrast this to the phrase ` separation of church and state . ' " The board also voted "  to add a direct reference to the election of President Barack H. Obama " and to require students to become familiar with the political philosophies of Thomas Jefferson . What is taught in Texas often is taught in other states because publishers typically tailor textbooks for Texas , one of the largest buyers of textbooks in the country . However , digital publishing has diminished the state 's influence on textbooks nationally and that curriculum is always going to be decided at the local level , Education Secretary Arne Duncan said . "  Whatever Texas decides , I do not think there will be large ripple effects around the country , " he said before Friday 's votes . "  Textbook companies today have a real ability to customize textbooks and whatever the Texas board decides , I do n't think that 's going to impact education in other parts of the country . "	Conservatives on Texas board vote on changes to "  balance " curriculum Texas textbook requirements often make it into those of other states U.S. education secretary says there wo n't be large "  ripple effect "
American intelligence leaker Edward Snowden met with human rights activists and lawyers Friday in a transit zone of a Russian airport , in his first public appearance since he left Hong Kong on June 23 . The event prompted the White House to criticize Russia for giving Snowden a "  propaganda platform , " and later in the day , President Barack Obama spoke by phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin . "  The two leaders noted the importance of U.S.-Russian bilateral relations and discussed a range of security and bilateral issues , including the status of Mr. Edward Snowden and cooperation on counterterrorism in the lead-up to the Sochi Winter Olympics , " a White House statement said . Snowden told the activists he was requesting asylum from Russia while he awaited safe passage to Latin America , according to a transcript of Snowden 's statement to the activists , issued via WikiLeaks . The presidents of Venezuela and Bolivia have said their countries would give him asylum , and Nicaragua 's president said he would offer it "  if circumstances permit . " "  I announce today my formal acceptance of all offers of support or asylum I have been extended and all others that may be offered in the future , " Snowden 's statement said . "  As we have seen , however , some governments in Western European and North American states have demonstrated a willingness to act outside the law , and this behavior persists today . This unlawful threat makes it impossible for me to travel to Latin America and enjoy the asylum granted there in accordance with our shared rights . " Meanwhile , U.S. intelligence agencies are continuing their contacts with their Russian counterparts to learn whatever they can about Russia 's intentions in the Snowden case , and to press for his return to America , a U.S. official told CNN on Friday . White House spokesman Jay Carney warned Russia about providing asylum to Snowden and criticized the country for "  providing a propaganda platform " to Snowden . But Carney added the administration did n't want the case to cause undue harm to U.S. relations with Moscow . That platform "  runs counter to the Russian government 's previous declarations of Russia 's neutrality and that they have no control over his presence in the airport , " he said . "  It is also incompatible with Russian assurances that they do not want Mr. Snowden to further damage U.S. interests . " Snowden , a former National Security Agency contractor , is believed to have been holed up in a transit area of Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport since leaving Hong Kong for Russia . In an invitation to the meeting purportedly e-mailed by Snowden on Thursday , he cited the temporary grounding of Bolivian President Evo Morales ' plane last week as he accused the United States of "  threatening behavior " on an unprecedented scale . The jet , which had left Moscow , was forced to land in Austria after other European countries allegedly closed their airspace amid suspicions that Snowden was aboard . Snowden said he was submitting a request to Russia for asylum Friday "  until such time as these states accede to law and my legal travel is permitted . " But the head of the Russian Federal Migration Service , Konstantin Romodanovsky , told Russian news agency Interfax Saturday that no application from Snowden had yet been received . "  If we receive an application , it will be considered in due process of law , " Romodanovsky is quoted as saying . ' I have no regrets ' In his remarks , Snowden also sought to defend his actions in leaking documents to the media that exposed U.S. mass surveillance programs . "  I did what I believed right and began a campaign to correct this wrongdoing . I did not seek to enrich myself . I did not seek to sell US secrets . I did not partner with any foreign government to guarantee my safety . Instead , I took what I knew to the public , so what affects all of us can be discussed by all of us in the light of day , and I asked the world for justice , " he said . "  That moral decision to tell the public about spying that affects all of us has been costly , but it was the right thing to do and I have no regrets . " Snowden asked the rights groups present to lobby the Russian government to grant him temporary asylum , said Russian Human Rights Watch representative Tanya Lokshina , who was at the meeting . According to WikiLeaks , Lokshina told Snowden that on her way to the airport , she received a call from the U.S. ambassador to Russia . He asked her to relay to Snowden that the U.S. government does not consider him to be a whistle-blower and that he has broken United States law , the group said . A photograph provided by a Russian Human Rights Watch staffer at the meeting showed Snowden sitting behind a desk , flanked by a WikiLeaks staffer , looking much as he did when last photographed in Hong Kong . WikiLeaks , which facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information through its website , has been aiding Snowden in his bids for asylum . Russian television aired an amateur video of Snowden delivering remarks to the activists . "  A little over one month ago , I had family , a home in paradise , and I lived in great comfort . I also had the capability without any warrant to search for , seize , and read your communications . Anyone 's communications at any time . That is the power to change people 's fates . It is also a serious violation of the law , " he said . "  The immoral can not be made moral through the use of secret law . I believe in the principle declared at Nuremberg in 1945 : Individuals have international duties which transcend the national obligations of obedience . Therefore individual citizens have the duty to violate domestic laws to prevent crimes against peace and humanity from occurring , " Snowden said . Russian asylum conditions ? Snowden 's desire to be granted temporary asylum in Russia may represent something of a turnaround . He last week reportedly withdrew an asylum request with Russian authorities after President Vladimir Putin said he would have to "  stop his work aimed at harming our American partners " if he wanted to stay in the country . "  Snowden did voice a request to remain in Russia , " Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on July 2 , according to the Russian news agency RIA Novosti . "  Then , yesterday , hearing President Putin outline Russia 's position regarding the conditions under which he could do this , he withdrew his request for permission to stay in Russia . " It 's not clear if a request for temporary asylum would entail different conditions . But a Russian lawmaker who was at Friday 's meeting , Vyacheslav Nikonov , told state news agency Itar-Tass that Snowden had said he did not intend to cause any further damage to the United States . "  I 've said all I knew and I will not harm the United States in the future , " Snowden said , according to Nikonov . The United States has reached out to the Russians regarding Snowden 's meeting with human rights groups , two senior State Department officials told CNN . Passport revoked Snowden has been technically a free man while in Moscow but has been unable to travel after U.S. authorities revoked his passport when he was charged with espionage . The many mysteries of Snowden 's transit zone Sergei Nikitin , head of Amnesty International 's Moscow office , who was at the meeting , said he was pleased to voice the organization 's support for Snowden in person . "  We will continue to pressure governments to ensure his rights are respected -- this includes the unassailable right to claim asylum wherever he may choose , " he said in a statement . "  What he has disclosed is patently in the public interest and as a whistle-blower his actions were justified . " Snowden exposed unlawful sweeping surveillance programs , and states that try to prevent him from revealing such unlawful behavior "  are flouting international law , " Nikitin said . "  Instead of addressing or even owning up to these blatant breaches , the U.S. government is more intent on persecuting him . Attempts to pressure governments to block his efforts to seek asylum are deplorable , " he said . Jamil Dakwar , human rights program director for the American Civil Liberties Union , said the United States has a long history of supporting asylum rights , but in the case of Snowden , it "  has improperly interfered with the right of asylum by revoking his passport and exerting extraordinary pressure on countries to reject his requests . "  Snowden 's claims for asylum deserve fair consideration , and U.S. actions to secure his extradition must take place within an acceptable legal framework protecting his right to seek asylum . " U.S. accused of ` unlawful campaign ' The transit zone meeting with Snowden began at around 5 p.m. local time  9 a.m. ET  . A CNN team at the airport saw about half a dozen people -- including Russia 's human rights ombudsman and representatives of Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and Russian human rights groups -- enter a door marked "  Private " in Terminal E. Police and security officers then kept the media at a distance . The letter purportedly e-mailed by Snowden to invite them to the meeting blasted the United States for carrying out illegal actions against him . In the letter -- posted on the Facebook page of Lokshina , the Russian Human Rights Watch staffer -- the writer praised the "  brave countries " that have offered him support , in the face of what he described as "  an unlawful campaign by officials in the U.S. Government to deny my right to seek and enjoy this asylum . " In her Facebook post , Lokshina said she received the e-mailed invitation close to 5 p.m. Thursday and acknowledged that she did not know beforehand if it was real . A large group of Russian and international journalists gathered at the airport in anticipation of the meeting . Latin American asylum offers Since his arrival in Moscow , Snowden -- who faces espionage charges in the United States -- has requested asylum in dozens of countries , sparking a surge in speculation about his next steps . Is Snowden worth the risk ? Latin America weighs the pros and cons Snowden has admitted releasing classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs to the media and argues that he did so to expose serious violations of the U.S. Constitution . He is slammed as a traitor by critics and hailed as a hero by his supporters . WikiLeaks said in a Twitter post Wednesday that Snowden 's "  flight of liberty " campaign was starting , promising further details . But details about where Snowden is going -- and how he 'll get there -- have remained hard to come by . U.S. officials told Chinese officials in Washington this week that they 're disappointed with the way China and Hong Kong handled the Snowden case , saying their actions undermined trust . China said that Hong Kong authorities acted in accordance with the law .	Snowden has not yet submitted an asylum application , migration chief tells Russian media White House says Russia is giving "  a propaganda platform " to Edward Snowden Obama , Putin discuss security , bilateral issues including Snowden Half a dozen rights group representatives meet with him at Sheremetyevo airport
CNN  -- The Senate Homeland Security Committee has scheduled a public hearing on the prostitution scandal involving U.S. military and Secret Service agents in Colombia . The hearing will take place May 23 , Sen. Joe Lieberman , the committee chairman , told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Lieberman 's is one of four congressional committees looking into the incident . Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan and Acting Inspector General Charles Edwards will testify , Lieberman said . The committee will ask whether Sullivan is satisfied with the investigation into what occurred in Cartagena , Colombia , Lieberman said . Secondly , Lieberman said , the committee will ask , "  Were there indications before the Colombian scandal of behavior by Secret Service agents off duty on assignment that should have been a warning that this was coming ? " "  And third , what are you going to do , Director Sullivan , to make sure that nothing like this ever happens again . " Two weeks ago , the committee sent Sullivan a list of questions to answer by Monday . The incident , which transpired a month ago in advance of President Obama 's trip to the Summit of the Americas , was "  heartbreaking " and "  dangerous , " said Lieberman , an Independent from Connecticut . It involved roughly 20 alleged prostitutes , and has so far resulted in the dismissal of nine Secret Service members . Three other Secret Service agents were cleared of serious misconduct . The military is investigating the alleged involvement of 12 service members . Photos : A decade with the Secret Service Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , has said there is no evidence the president 's security was put at risk due to the incident . He noted that the president 's schedule was not kept in the hotel rooms of any service members believed to be involved in the scandal . Sen. John McCain , the top Republican on the Armed Services Committee , said no classified information or weapons were present at the Hotel Caribe , where the alleged incident occurred . Rep. Peter King , chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security , announced Sunday that he declined a request from one of the Colombian prostitutes that he meet with her . An attorney for Dania Londono Suarez contacted the committee with the request , he said in a statement . "  While such a meeting -- and the inevitable circus atmosphere surrounding it -- would no doubt be of great interest to the media covering this story , a meeting with her is simply not necessary at this time for the committee to conduct a serious and thorough investigation . For now , I have directed my staff to communicate with and gather information about the misconduct from the woman via her attorney . " Secret Service investigators have interviewed her , King said . Londono gave a lengthy , wide-ranging interview to Colombia 's W Radio on Friday .	New : Rep. King says he declined a meeting with one of the prostitutes Lieberman : The Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing will take place May 23 , Lieberman says The Secret Service director will testify , he says
Pontiac , Michigan  CNN  -- Lamont Butler is a single father , unemployed for more than a year and trying to do the best for his daughter , 3-year-old Samaya . The family qualifies for the federal government 's free pre-kindergarten program , Head Start , but has been on a waiting list for more than a year . It 's tough on both of them ; Butler has trouble finding work because he 's caring for his daughter , and he worries Samaya is missing out on valuable early education . "  My friend 's son got in , and at 4 , he can already spell his name , do simple math , and he is n't so shy any more , " Butler said . But Butler 's daughter is one of thousands on waiting lists for the 49,000 Head Start classrooms around the country - a list that might get shorter after an investigation into allegations of fraud by some applicants and Head Start workers . A U.S. Government Accountability Office investigation that concluded in May showed that several Head Start workers committed fraud to enroll families whose incomes were above the federally mandated limit . Head Start is open to foster and homeless children , kids with some disabilities , families eligible for government assistance and families with incomes below the federal poverty guideline , about $ 22,000 for a family of four . Programs may enroll limited numbers of kids whose parents make more money . $ 9 billion went to support Head Start in 2010 , and more than 900,000 children are enrolled in programs around the United States . The investigation began two years ago , after whistleblowers called the GAO 's tip line and alleged that Head Start workers in the Midwest and Texas admitted families that made too much money to qualify . Documents that whistleblowers leaked to the GAO showed that some workers admitted children whose parents made more than $ 110,000 . In some cases , according to the GAO , workers may have lied or manipulated documents so their programs appeared to be within mandated enrollment targets . "  Taxpayers are being ripped off , " said Greg Kutz , the managing director of forensic audits and special investigations for the Accountability Office . "  The real risk here is that the over-income children were being served , and the poorest children in our country are losing the benefit of Head Start . " A 10-year study released in 2010 by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services showed that Head Start kids are better prepared academically and socially to enter kindergarten . They have better language skills and are better at making friends and handling classroom settings . Parenting skills improved , too , among those whose kids were in Head Start , according to the HHS study . Head Start is popular , too , because it 's free , while private preschools and day care can cost more than $ 10,000 per year . To investigate the complaints , Kutz sent staff members armed with hidden cameras to pose as parents interested in Head Start enrollment . When parents apply , they must present tax records , pay stubs or public assistance documents that prove they meet the federally mandated income standards . The investigators ' documents showed they made too much money to enroll , but at eight of the 15 Head Start centers they approached , staff members pretended they had n't seen the income levels , or they urged parents to lie . In a tape Kutz showed to Congress in May , one Head Start worker examined the investigators ' documents and said , "  This is over income . " When the undercover investigators asked what to do , the Head Start worker suggested they did n't have to put both parents ' incomes on the form . With a laugh , she added , "  I 'm not supposed to say that . " Another staffer joked , "  Now you see it , now you do n't . " Kutz said he does n't believe these are isolated cases . "  It 's pretty disturbing , " Kutz said . "  I believe the system is very open to fraud . " The problem , Kutz said , is that Head Start workers only have to sign a statement that they 've seen proof of parents ' incomes . Federal rules do n't require Head Start offices to keep income documents on file . "  If you want to go in and say you are unemployed , you could get benefits even if you were making $ 100,000 because -LSB- Head Start was n't -RSB- validating anything , " Kutz said . Not all Head Start programs have been letting the income rules slide . Michigan 's Oakland Livingston Human Service Agency , where Lamont Butler hopes to enroll his daughter , has long kept copies of parents ' income documents . "  Our goal is to exceed those standards " for documents , said Lynn Crotty , the program 's director . "  In always maintaining copies of proof of income in our files , that 's enabled us to ensure that the families that deserve to be in the program are the ones who are getting into the program . " Yvette Sanchez Fuentes , Head Start 's national director , said she took action immediately after learning about the federal investigation last spring . "  We know that what went on the tape , -LSB- that the worker -RSB- engaged in some fraudulent behavior , " she said . Sanchez Fuentes said the system is n't broken . "  I think it 's important to note those are individuals within those programs , " she said . "  We know the majority of Head Start programs across the country are doing the right thing . " According to Sanchez Fuentes , Head Start officials advised local directors about enrollment procedures , bulked up on admissions training and now make unannounced visits to local programs . A new Health and Human Services tip line lets workers report fraud to the department , which oversees Head Start , instead of going straight to the GAO . " -LSB- President Obama 's -RSB- administration will not tolerate any type of fraud , waste or abuse , " Sanchez Fuentes said . "  We will make sure that when we go out to see these local programs , that they are indeed doing the right things and that every federal dollar that goes to Head Start is not being misused . " Still , they have not yet taken Kutz 's suggestion to change the policies about keeping income eligibility documents . The issue is up for a 90-day comment period , but the rule wo n't change unless Head Start leaders decide it 's the best course of action . Demand for Head Start remains strong , even in programs where there 's no suspicion of fraud . For parents like Butler and kids like Samaya , that means the wait continues . "  The time we spend together has meant the world to me , but the things I 've taught her are only things I know , " Butler said . "  I know they could do a much better job . "	An investigation into Head Start enrollment practices shows some centers enroll families who make too much money Thousands are on waiting lists for the free pre-kindergarten classes Head Start leaders are adding more training , checks to enrollment to prevent fraud
CNN  -- North Korea upped the ante Tuesday in its war of words , threatening to target South Korea and U.S. military bases . Even by North Korean standards , the series of threats this month by leader Kim Jong Un and ensuing actions have been incredibly provocative , making the situation on the Korean Peninsula more worrisome . Here 's a look at Kim 's escalating rhetoric and his country 's actions since he came to power after his father 's death in 2011 : March 2012 As South Korea hosts world leaders at an international nuclear security summit in Seoul , North Korea moves a long-range rocket toward a launch pad . Pyongyang says it plans to carry out the test in mid-April as part of a commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the nation 's founder . April 2012 Defying warnings by U.S. President Barack Obama that Kim has nothing to gain from provocations , Pyongyang launches the rocket . It breaks apart and falls into the sea . August 2012 Kim visits the same military unit behind a 2010 attack on South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island , where he reminds the troops to be ready to fight a "  sacred war " against Seoul . The North Korean leader makes the veiled threat just ahead of an annual war games conducted on the Korean Peninsula by the United States and South Korea . The dictator calls the joint Seoul-Washington military exercises a "  war rehearsal " to invade . October 2012 North Korea claims to have developed missiles that can reach the U.S. mainland . December 2012 Kim announces plans to launch another long-range rocket in a renewed effort to send a satellite into space . Two days after the government announces the launch window is being pushed back because of technical issues , the rocket lifts off from the west coast of North Korea . Pyongyang declares the mission a success . January 2013 North Korea announces it is planning a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches , all of which it says are part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . The threats come two days after the U.N. Security Council approves the broadening of sanctions in response to the rocket launch in December that apparently put a satellite in orbit . February 2013 North Korea carries out an underground nuclear bomb test on February 12 . The test is designed "  to defend the country 's security and sovereignty in the face of the ferocious hostile act of the U.S. , " the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency says at the time , referring to new U.S.-led sanctions . "  This nuclear test is our first measure , which displayed our maximum restraint . ... If the U.S. continues with their hostility and complicates the situation , it would be inevitable to continuously conduct a stronger second or third measure . " March 2013 Angered by U.N. Security Council sanctions over its nuclear test , North Korea threatens for the first time to launch a pre-emptive nuclear strike against the United States and South Korea . It 's one of a series of provocative threats and , in some cases , actions by North Korea that begins with Pyongyang saying it is scrapping the 1953 truce that effectively ended the Korean War . At the same time , it cuts off its direct phone links with South Korea at Panmunjom , the abandoned village that sits on the border between the two countries . North Korea then doubles down on the threat , saying it is nullifying the joint declaration on the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . One of the country 's top generals , according to published reports , claims Pyongyang has nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles that are ready to be fired . Although U.S. officials do n't believe North Korea is in a position to strike the United States , the Obama administration responds to the threat by announcing plans to deploy additional ground-based missile interceptors on the West Coast . U.S. officials also say B-52 bombers are making flights over South Korea as part of annual , joint military exercises this month that have enraged North Korea . Pyongyang releases a new propaganda video that shows an imaged missile attack on U.S. government buildings in Washington , including the White House and the Capitol . The roughly four-minute video is posted on the YouTube channel of the North Korean government website Uriminzokkiri . North Korea threatens Tuesday to attack U.S. and South Korea bases , putting its troops on alert . It announces through state-run media that the military is ready for combat . The threat follows claims that U.S. B-52 bombers again made flights Monday over South Korea . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jethro Mullen and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	North Korea on Tuesday threatens to attack U.S. and South Korean bases Pyongyang puts its troops on full alert and announces its military is ready for combat The threat comes amid joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises
CNN  -- Surrounded by expensive pieces of Chinese art purchased from auction houses in London and New York , Wang Zhongjun , China 's 50-year old film mogul , appears the very model of a modern Chinese entrepreneur . Luxuriating with his wealth , Wang explains that all the success , money and pieces of art he has gathered thanks to his film and TV production company , Huayi Brothers Media , was n't very carefully planned . "  Our -LSB- company -RSB- goals were n't very clear so and we did n't know if it was a good idea or not -LSB- to make films -RSB- . Maybe we did n't find it difficult because our goals were n't clear , " he told CNN . Wang founded Huayi Brothers Media group with his youngest brother Wang Zhonglei in 1994 , originally doing advertising commissions . It morphed into a film production company in 1998 and Wang and his brother have n't looked back . It has grown to become perhaps China 's most influential film producer with over 50 films released , most of them huge box office hits in China . The company also produces numerous TV shows and represents most of China 's top acting talent . The opulence and attention Wang is now accustomed to -- "  people want to know me , hoping to find success and to meet famous people " -- is a long way from when he worked in the U.S. delivering pizzas . Two years after returning to China he says he was making millions of dollars , something his friends back in the U.S. could n't believe . "  They thought I was joking . Now everybody knows how fast business is growing in China , " said Wang . While tiny in comparison to Hollywood , China 's film and cinema industry is enjoying something of a boom and Wang is bullish about China 's homegrown market . "  The media tends to think film companies are n't good business or are n't likely to grow , " he says . To make sure it does grow and audiences can see their films , Huayi Brothers Media are planning on building almost 200 cinemas this year in China ; a country where DVDs , mostly pirated copies , are still the main source of film-watching . "  China does have a big problem with intellectual property protection , " says Wang . "  Knowing that intellectual property is not well protected , we need to make sure our main income comes from the box office -- follow up products wo n't generate much income . " Changing the types of films as well as the film-watching experience is also on Wang 's agenda . After over 50 releases , Wang believes his company has gone some way to update the face of Chinese cinema . "  Everybody followed what was considered to be a successful model like Kung Fu films . In recent years though , Chinese films have begun to prosper . Our company started making films that have n't been made before , like war films , spy films , comedies and disasters , " he said . While keeping ticket sales high and collaborating with U.S. big hitters like Sony and Disney , Wang still has an eye on what 's important , namely making films people want to see . "  The most important thing is , regardless if it 's an American or a Chinese company ; we have to make good films to keep our audience happy , " he said .	Wang Zhongjun is one half of siblings who run China 's Huayi Brothers Media company Firm has become China 's most influential film production company Also represents China 's top actors and produces TV shows Now a multi-millionaire , Wang once delivered pizzas while living in the U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- The Government Accountability Office Wednesday released the results of its undercover investigation looking at deceptive and questionable marketing practices at 15 for-profit colleges in six states and Washington , D.C. . The written report was presented at a hearing Wednesday of the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pension Committee , and was accompanied by video of the undercover applicants interacting with recruiters from the various educational institutions . In his opening statement , committee chairman Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , said that the evidence points to a systemic problem within the for-profit education system . "  Are students -- and U.S. taxpayers -- getting good value for the billions of dollars they are investing in these schools ? " he asked , according to his prepared remarks . According to the report , all 15 schools were guilty of some sort of dodgy statements in information about "  the college 's accreditation , graduation rates and its student 's prospective employment and salary qualifications , duration and cost of the program , or financial aid " that they passed on to the GAO undercover applicants . At one college , school officials told the GAO applicant that after completing an associate 's degree in criminal justice , the applicant could try to go to work for the FBI or the CIA . In fact , a bachelor 's degree is the minimum requirement for positions like FBI special agent or CIA clandestine officer , although there are other lower-level positions for which an applicant could apply . At a small beauty college , the undercover applicant was told that barbers can earn $ 150,000 - $ 200,000 per year . Although this is possible , 90 percent of barbers make less than $ 43,000 per year , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . The Obama administration has proposed rules to limit federal student aid funds to for-profit career colleges that do not prepare students for "  gainful employment " in recognized occupations . "  While career colleges play a vital role in training our workforce to be globally competitive , some of them are saddling students with debt they can not afford in exchange for degrees and certificates they can not use , " according to Secretary of Education Arne Duncan . The proposed law uses two criteria for judging the for-profit career colleges : the relationship between the debt that students incur verses their income potential , and the rate at which the students repay their college loans . According to the GAO , "  enrollment in for-profit colleges has grown from about 365,000 students to almost 1.8 million in the last several years . "  These colleges offer degrees and certifications in programs ranging from business administration to cosmetology . In 2009 , students at for-profit colleges received more than $ 4 billion in Pell Grants and more than $ 20 billion in federal loans provided by the Department of Education , " the agency 's summary said . The GAO report also found that many programs at the for-profit colleges studied cost "  substantially more for associate 's degrees and certificates than comparable degrees and certificates at public colleges nearby . "  A student interested in a massage therapy certificate costing $ 14,000 at a for-profit college was told that the program was a good value . However the same certificate from a local community college cost $ 520 , " a summary of the report on the GAO website said . Alan Collinge , founder of the group Student Loan Justice , thinks the federal government should broaden its research . "  The problem goes well beyond the for-profit sector ; it permeates academia generally , including community colleges and four year universities , " he said . Sen. Mike Enzi , R-Wyoming , also suggested looking beyond the current probe . "  In focusing on for-profits , we are not being objective , and we are ignoring the bigger picture of what is happening across all of higher education , " he said at the hearing .	GAO report found many for-profit colleges used deceptive and questionable marketing practices Undercover probe targeted 15 colleges All of the schools studied get more than 89 percent of their revenue from federal funding The Obama administration has proposed new rules on federal student aid to for-profit colleges
A magnified image of marine plankton has won a prestigious international photography contest for tiny works that exist , in the words of the winning photographer , in the "  limbo between art and science . " Wim van Egmond , a freelance photographer from the Netherlands , took the top prize in the annual Nikon Small World Photomicrography Competition , for his magnified image of marine plankton . It was the 11th year he had entered the contest , which draws entries from professional photographers as well as scientists , who generally produce the images in the course of their work . The winning entries are judged on their scientific and artistic merits . PHOTOS : See high-res gallery of Nikon contest winners "  For 20 years , I 've been looking through a microscope , and every time I see things I have n't seen before , " said van Egmond , who has had 19 images recognized as finalists in the competition over the past decade . "  It 's such an endless world -- there are so many species and so many different life stages of these organisms . It 's all so strange and wonderful that it 's become a bit of an addiction . " The view through the microscope was like "  exploring a different world , or exploring space , with these strange unknown organisms , " he said . Recognized as one of the contest 's top photomicrographers , Van Egmond runs a website devoted to photomicrography called the Micropolitan Museum . He said he approached his subjects as if he were producing a portrait , trying to "  capture their personalities . " "  I do n't invent things , I try to make it as naturalistic as possible , but these organisms are such a strange shape that it almost looks like an abstract painting , " he said . "  You do n't have to make much of an effort to make something that is weird . " He had long been intrigued by the Chaetoceros debilis , a plant-like plankton with a corkscrew form and bristles . "  It 's very hard to capture because it 's so 3-dimensional and so fragile . It was a bit of a challenge to make a good portrait of the organism . " The winning entry was created using software to combine various images focusing on different areas of the plankton . "  The difficulty of microscopy is that when you have a ... magnification of an image , you have hardly any depth of field , " he said . By combining images where some areas were in focus and others were blurred , he could create a 3-dimensional effect , he said . Previous entries in the contest , now in its 39th year , have included a mosquito 's heart , a flea 's head , and a pregnant aphid . See previous winners of the Nikon Small World Photomicrography Competition	Magnified image of marine plankton wins Nikon Small World Photomicrography Competition The annual contest draws entries from scientists and photographers alike View through the microscope is like "  exploring space , " says winning photographer Previous entries include a mosquito 's heart , a flea 's head and a pregnant aphid
SANA'A , Yemen  CNN  -- It is midday and girls are flooding out of school . Nujood Ali is not among them . Nujood Ali today is angry and skips school but is still relieved her defiance paid off . We find her at the family 's two-room house in an impoverished suburb of the Yemeni capital . Nujood is angry , combative and yelling . Tension surrounds the home like a noose . After much arguing with family members , Nujood finally grabs her veil and agrees to sit down with CNN . Her presence is grudging , although CNN got advance permission to see how the girl who rocked a nation by demanding a divorce was faring . Nujood is a very different girl from the one we met nearly two years ago . Then , there was no doubt the 10-year-old was very much a child , a portrait of innocence . She had a shy smile , playful nature and a whimsical giggle . Her retiring demeanor was very much at odds with the brutal abuse she endured as a child bride who fought for a divorce and is still currently fighting . Watch Nujood tell her story to CNN on World 's Untold Stories " The story was supposed to end with the divorce . There was , though , a stunning transformation . The young girl went from being a victim and child bride to a portrait of courage and triumph . Her inspirational story was told and re-told around the world . In the fall of 2008 , Nujood was recognized as Glamour Magazine 's Woman of the Year , alongside some of the world 's most impressive women . She even attended the ceremony in New York and was applauded by women from Hillary Clinton to Nicole Kidman . There is a tell-all book , which is to be published in more than 20 languages , and the author says the girl will receive a good portion of the royalties . Nujood 's strength was celebrated by complete strangers . But what did all the fame do for the one person it was meant to transform ? "  There is no change at all since going on television , " Nujood says bitterly . "  I hoped there was someone to help us , but we did n't find anyone . It has n't changed a thing . They said they were going to help me and no one has helped me . I wish I had never spoken to the media . " Nujood says she is still relieved and gratified that her act of defiance paid off . There was never going to be a fortune . Generous people have donated thousands so Nujood could go to a private school , but she refuses to attend , according to Shada Nasser , the human rights lawyer who took on the child 's divorce case . "  I know Nujood was absent from the school . I spoke with her father and her family . And I ask them to control her and ask her to go every day to school . But they said , ` You know we do n't have the money for the transportation . Do n't have the money for the food , ' " says Nasser . She believes Nujood is being victimized by her own family because they believe her fame should bring them fortune . Nujood 's parents say they 've received nothing , and in the meantime the girl wonders aloud how everything turned out this way . "  I was happy I got divorced but I 'm sad about the way it turned out after I went on television , " she said , adding that she feels like an outcast even among family and friends . Nujood was pulled out of school in early 2008 and married off by her own parents to a man she says was old and ugly . And yet , as a wife , she was spared nothing . "  I did n't want to sleep with him but he forced me to , he hit me , insulted me , " she said . She described being married and living as a wife at such a young age as sheer torture . Nujood described how she was beaten and raped and how , after just a few weeks of marriage , she turned to her family to try to escape the arrangement . But her parents told her they could not protect her , that she belonged to her husband now and had to accept her fate . CNN tried to get comment from the girl 's ex-husband and family , but they declined . Nujood 's parents , like many others in Yemen , struck a social bargain . More than half of all young Yemeni girls are married off before the age of 18 , many times to older men , some with more than one wife . Marriage means the girls are no longer a financial or moral burden to their parents . But Nujood 's parents say they did not expect the girl 's new husband to demand sex from his child bride . To escape , Nujood hailed a taxi -- the first time in her life -- to get across town to the central courthouse where she sat on a bench and demanded to see a judge . After several hours , a judge finally went to see her . "  And he asked me , ` what do you want ' and I said ' I want a divorce ' and he said ` you 're married ? ' And I said ` yes . ' " says Nujood . Nujood 's father and husband were arrested until the divorce hearing , and the girl was put in the care of Nasser . It seems the judge had heard enough of the abuse to agree with her that she should get her divorce . But based on the principles of Shariah law , her husband was compensated , not prosecuted . Nujood was ordered to pay him more than $ 200 -- a huge amount in a country where the United Nations Development Programme says 15.7 percent of the population lives on less than $ 1 a day . Khadije Al Salame is working to help the girl get her life back . Now a Yemeni diplomat , she too was a child bride 30 years ago . But when she left her husband , she did not have to endure the publicity that now haunts Nujood . She said : "  It 's good to talk about Nujood and to have her story come out , but the problem is it 's too much pressure on her . "  She does n't understand what 's going on . She 's a little girl and we have to understand as media people that we should leave her alone now . If we really love Nujood then we should just let her go to school and continue with her life , because education is the most important thing for her . " To get her divorce , Nujood showed character and strength not easily expressed by women in Yemen , let alone a 10-year-old child bride . But she will need to muster all that strength and more if she 's to finally reclaim her life . Nujood told us she thought the divorce would be the end of her struggle . But she 's angry that it turned out to be just the beginning . CNN producer Schams Elwazer contributed to this report	Child who got divorce in Yemen struggling to be a child again Nujood Ali escaped her parents and husband to plead in court for a divorce Her plight raised issue of child brides but has not given her a happy ending Ali skips school and is angry ; lawyer says her family is now victimizing her
Tokyo  CNN  -- Thousands of Japanese filled evacuation shelters or joined foreigners seeking a way out of the country Thursday in the aftermath of last week 's devastating earthquake , tsunami and resulting nuclear crisis at stricken reactors . Cold , snowy weather in parts of the Asian nation further heightened the hardship of a nation facing what its leaders call its biggest disaster since World War II . Fears of possible nuclear catastrophe were evident . After rallying Wednesday , stocks in Japan fell early Thursday , with the Nikkei 225 index , the most prominent measure of stocks traded in Tokyo , down about 2 % in early trading . Concerns spread far beyond Japan 's borders , with U.S. stock markets falling and the U.S. military dispatching a radiation-sniffing aircraft to determine if toxic clouds were rising from disabled reactors . Nearly 13,000 people are dead or missing and several hundred thousand have been left homeless from Friday 's earthquake and tsunami . An extraordinary television address Wednesday by Emperor Akihito showed the magnitude of the catastrophe . Such a speech by a sitting emperor is usually reserved for times of extreme crisis or war , and Emperor Akihito 's direct appeal to the public was the first time he has spoken to the public amid such a crisis . "  I truly hope the victims of the disaster never give up hope , take care of themselves , and live strong for tomorrow , " said the dignified and understated Emperor Akihito , in a calm and poignant oration delivered from the Imperial Palace . "  Also , I want all citizens of Japan to remember everyone who has been affected by the devastation , not only today but for a long time afterwards -- and help with the recovery . " The 77-year-old ceremonial but deeply revered chief of state underlined Prime Minister Naoto Kan 's earlier assertion that Japan is going through its worst crisis since World War II . The emperor delivered his speech on the same day that white smoke and a new blaze at the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant added to radiation fears . "  Currently , the entire nation is putting forth its best effort to save all suffering people . However , under the severe cold weather , evacuees are having a very difficult time because they lack food , water , and energy sources , " he said . "  Also , I am deeply concerned that the current nuclear plant situation is critical . I truly hope that with so many people working together to help , the situation will not worsen . " On Thursday morning , helicopters operated by Japan 's self-defense forces made four passes over the plant 's No. 3 reactor to dump water . Public broadcaster NHK reported that at least 12 water-cannon trucks would be brought in , so that forces could try to douse the reactor from the ground , While Japan has called for anyone living within 12 miles of the disable nuclear plant to evacuate , Great Britain and the United States dramatically expanded their evacuation warnings Wednesday , telling their respective citizens within 50 miles to either stay indoors or move away . It was the first time since the nuclear crisis began that the United States and Japanese governments have differed on advising what their citizens should do . Before Wednesday , the United States had urged American citizens in Japan to follow the recommendations of the Japanese government . A cloud of smoke seen at the stricken plant sparked fear there might have been a breach in the containment vessel in the nuclear plant 's No. 3 reactor , government officials said . Earlier explosions and fires also had hit other reactors at the plant . Officials asked workers at the plant to evacuate Wednesday after the cloud rose above the plant and radiation levels spiked . The levels later fell and authorities allowed the workers to return , the Tokyo Electric Power Company said . Tests on tap water in Fukushima city , 80 kilometers  50 miles  away found radiation -- though at levels not harmful to the human body , and later tests showed no radiation in the water , government officials said . Officials have been working to resolve cooling problems at four of Fukushima Daiichi 's six reactors in the wake of the 9.0-magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami . Japanese authorities could not rule out the possibility of a meltdown at the troubled reactors . Workers have been pumping sea water into reactors in an effort to prevent further damage . A meltdown occurs when nuclear fuel rods can not be cooled , thus melting the reactor core and causing a release of radioactivity . In the worst-case scenario , the fuel can spill out of the containment unit and spread toxic radioactivity through the air and water . That , public health officials say , can cause both immediate and long-term health problems , including radiation poisoning and cancer . As the government and workers scrambled to stabilize the plant , the search continued for survivors from last week 's cruel combination of natural disasters . By Wednesday night , the National Police Agency reported 4,314 deaths . Another 8,606 people are missing and 2,282 were injured , the agency said . The number of dead is expected to go up as rescuers reach more hard-hit areas . Public broadcaster NHK has reported that 450,000 people were living in shelters , where people grieved over lost loved ones and worried about relatives who are missing from villages and towns inundated by the tsunami waves off the east coast of Honshu . Thousands of people packed Narita International Airport in Tokyo , with some sitting on floors . "  We just headed for the mountains directly away from the nuclear power station , " Richard Struthers , who lives about 70 kilometers  43 miles  from the Fukushima plant . He said he is "  taking no chances " with his baby son . Boris Suban of Moriya -- about 210 kilometers  130 miles  from the nuclear plant -- decided to travel across the country to Hiroshima prefecture -- a location he admits is ironic . U.S. planes dropped atomic bombs on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki during World War II . ` We thought that the reactor is not safe and too near , " Suban said . "  Plus , if the panic spreads , we will be unable to leave Japan and get the full exposure sitting on our sofa . " Meanwhile , across the country , emergency workers from Japan , foreign governments and international aid groups continued to scour tangled and displaced piles of debris , searching for survivors . Scores of countries , regions and international organizations have offered assistance , according to the Japanese foreign affairs ministry . Rescue work is being complicated by the hundreds of aftershocks that have rocked Japan since Friday 's quake . Since the initial earthquake , the U.S. Geological Survey has reported about 35 quakes with magnitudes of 6.0 or greater , and more than 200 others greater than 5.0 . John Roos , the U.S. ambassador to Japan , said the U.S. military has delivered over 7,000 pounds of food and water to the disaster area so far and more than $ 5.8 million of U.S. aid has come to Japan . He said nine U.S. ships are assisting in the relief operations , and helicopters and other aircraft have now flown over 50 missions to conduct survivor recoveries , transport passengers , and distribute food and water supplies in the most needy areas . Donations rolled in . Delta Air Lines is pledging $ 1 million in cash and "  in-kind support " to disaster relief efforts , for example . Meanwhile , the crisis has rekindled debate and concern over nuclear power . Energy Secretary Steven Chu told members of Congress Wednesday that the Obama White House still backs the further development of American nuclear power -- a stance opposed by some key congressional Democrats . Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero announced Wednesday that the government will review safety at all of Spain 's nuclear power plants . The massive quake was the strongest in recorded history to hit Japan , according to USGS records that date to 1900 . CNN 's Kyung Lah , Stan Grant , Jill Dougherty , Anderson Cooper , Kevin Voigt , Jiyeon Lee , Michael Martinez , Holly Yan and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Britain joins the US in urging residents within 50 miles to evacuate NEW : Water is dropped from above on the Fukushima Daiichi plant 's No. 3 reactor Nearly 13,000 are dead or missing , police say Emperor Akihito : ` Remember everyone who has been affected ... and help '
Windhoek , Namibia  CNN  -- A Mozambique Airlines flight crashed in northeastern Namibia , killing all on board , a government official told CNN on Saturday . The accident occurred Friday in Bwabwata game park , said Tobias Günzel , acting director of Namibia 's Civil Aviation Department . The location is a remote region near the Angolan border , Günzel said the plane started losing altitude at 38,000 feet and went down swiftly . "  We could see it on our radar , and we could see it was descending very quickly , at a rate of about 100 feet per second , " Günzel said . "  We lost it from our screens at 3,000 feet above sea level . " The airline has not confirmed the crash , but the company released a statement earlier confirming 28 passengers and six crew members were on Flight TM 470 and that it was "  missing . " The flight was en route from Maputo , Mozambique , to Angola . Namibia 's aviation authorities have dispatched a police helicopter to the area , Günzel said . "  We now have to wait and see if the black box can be recovered , " Günzel said .	The flight was en route to Angola from Mozambique The plane went down in a remote area The flight had been reported "  missing "
CNN  When Barack Obama issued just the third veto of his presidency on Tuesday , of a bill allowing construction of the Keystone XL pipeline , Republicans were outraged , or at least pretended they were outraged . House Speaker John Boehner called it a "  national embarrassment , " and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell promised a vote to override the veto , as doomed an effort as every other piece of legislation Republicans hope to pass in the next two years . But maybe Obama was n't cruelly crushing Republicans ' hopes for the limitless economic bounty that the pipeline would bring , as it turned America into a tar-sands-fueled paradise of high wages and economic opportunity . Maybe he was actually doing them a favor . I say that because Republicans have really gone off the deep end when it comes to the Keystone XL , and they 'll be well served to move past this issue and see if they can come up with some real economic ideas that might not only appeal to the public , but could have a chance of adding momentum to the economy . Because if you 've listened to them for the past couple of years , you 'd think that America 's entire economic future depended on this one project . Any time a Republican politician was asked what we should do to improve the economy , the first thing that would come out of their mouth would be , "  We need to build the Keystone XL pipeline . " That 's despite the fact that even under the most optimistic assessment , Keystone would have created 42,000 temporary jobs , and as few as 35 permanent jobs maintaining it . And those 42,000 included indirect jobs created by the spending on the pipeline , in every industry anyone could think of , from apparel to entertainment . To put it in a broader context , the U.S. economy created 3.2 million jobs in 2014 , or 76 times as many as the temporary job number Keystone would have created under even the most generous accounting . If everything went well , Keystone could have increased the total number of jobs in the United States by a grand total of three one-hundredths of one percent . You can believe it was a good idea , but you ca n't honestly say it would have had a meaningful impact on an economy the size of America 's . So why did Republicans become so invested in the Keystone XL ? It is n't hard to understand . Once environmental activists seized on the pipeline as an organizing issue , one worth fighting about not only for its own sake but also as a concrete representation of climate change  which can sometimes seem like an abstract problem whose effects are mostly in the future  , Republicans felt an obligation to join the battle , fire right back and say that it was absolutely vital to the nation 's economic health . And of course , it meant supporting the fossil fuel industry , and the GOP is still the party of "  Drill , baby , drill ! " The longer the controversy dragged on , the more convinced Republicans became that building the pipeline was the most important thing we could do to get America back on its feet . But now that the Keystone drama is approaching its end , Republicans are going to have to come up with a new answer to the question of what they 'd like to do to improve the economy . They have their old standbys -- cut taxes , reduce regulations -- but those are sounding rather stale at a time when people are concerned with inequality and stagnant wages . So perhaps now that they have no choice but to move beyond the Keystone XL , they 'll come up with some creative ideas that might actually have a real impact on Americans ' economic lives . Stranger things have happened .	Paul Waldman : Obama did GOP a favor with veto of Keystone , a project with claim to boosting economy that did n't hold up He says veto gives GOP an opportunity to come up with new ways to help grow economy and benefit all Americans
Chinese police have sent the criminal case involving the nephew of prominent blind human rights advocate Chen Guangcheng to the prosecution , signaling a possible trial soon , as well as continued official retribution against the activist 's relatives , Chen and his family said . Chen Kegui , the nephew , was arrested in the city of Linyi in early May and accused of attempted murder shortly after his uncle escaped more than 18 months of heavily guarded house arrest . The family has maintained that the younger Chen injured a few officials with a kitchen knife in self-defense , when they broke into his house in the middle of the night and attacked his family after his activist-uncle ran away . "  The local authorities are now declaring war on justice and the conscience of the international community , " Chen Guangcheng told CNN over the phone from the United States , where he is studying law at New York University . "  They 're trying to separate his case from mine , but that 's impossible . " Chen Guangfu , the activist 's older brother and the nephew 's father , has n't been allowed to see his incarcerated son since his arrest . He said he learned from a government-appointed lawyer that police downgraded Kegui 's alleged crime from attempted murder to "  intentional infliction of injury " when sending the case to the prosecution . "  There has never been any fairness in this case -- they ignored the facts and refused to let us appoint lawyers for Kegui in accordance with law , " the father said . "  The whole thing is their revenge against Guangcheng 's escape , so I do n't have any hope for a fair trial . " An official with Linyi 's police department , who declined to give his name , told CNN that Chen Kegui 's case is now "  in the judicial process " and would not comment further . Repeated phone calls to the local prosecutor 's office went unanswered Monday . Chen Guangcheng 's arrival in the United States on May 19 -- along with his wife and children -- brought an end to a diplomatic firestorm between Beijing and Washington that erupted after he fled from house arrest in Linyi in late April and hid inside the U.S. embassy in Beijing for a week . In a video posted online after his escape , Chen addressed Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , detailing grotesque abuses -- including repeated beatings -- he said he and his family had suffered at the hands of local authorities during captivity . "  A fair trial for Chen Kegui would be hugely embarrassing to the Linyi authorities because family-appointed lawyers would want to bring in the years of unlawful persecution of Chen Guangcheng as relevant context and background , " said Nicholas Bequelin , a Hong Kong-based senior Asia researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  That 's what the authorities want to avoid at all cost . " Before and after leaving China , Chen Guangcheng has repeatedly said that officials from the central government have pledged a thorough investigation into his allegations against local authorities . He has also frequently expressed concern over the safety of his family members left behind . "  I think this is the test , " Bequelin said of Chen Kegui 's case . "  As long as he is being detained in this manner without regard to law , it would be very difficult to be optimistic about the government keeping its promise to Chen Guangcheng . " In 2006 the self-taught legal activist was sentenced to four years and three months in prison for "  damaging property and organizing a mob to disturb traffic . " His supporters have maintained that the charges were trumped up by local officials to punish his advocacy for victims of what he called abusive practices of the country 's strict family planning policy , including forced abortions and sterilizations . Now Chen Guangcheng says Linyi authorities are handling his nephew 's case almost exactly the same way as they did six years ago before his own trial . "  Kegui is becoming the second me based on the treatment he 's received in the past few months , " he said .	Chinese police sends case involving Chen Guangcheng 's nephew to prosecution Police downgraded Chen Kegui 's alleged crime to "  intentional infliction of injury " Chen 's family says it 's retribution for Chen 's escape from house arrest
CNN  -- If you 've picked up Apple 's iPhone 4 , you 're probably aware of the new features that can benefit gamers on the go : a higher-resolution display , an integrated gyroscope to complement the accelerometer  for six-axis motion control  , longer battery life and faster Wi-Fi . Out of the box , the iPhone 4 also supports the 250,000-plus downloads available at the App Store  part of iTunes  , many of which are great games that cover a multitude of genres . Here are three recommended digital diversions that take advantage of the iPhone 4 's impressive specs . These games also work on past iPhones , the iPod Touch and the iPad . "  Madden NFL 11 " Company : EA Mobile Suggested age : Everyone Price : $ 7.99 Rating : 3.5 stars out of 4 Using the iPhone 4 's "  retina " display -- given its name because Apple claims that its pixel density is so high , the human eye is unable to distinguish individual pixels -- EA Mobile 's "  Madden NFL 11 " is one of the best-looking HD games on the platform . Play as or against all 32 NFL teams , take advantage of the new Total Defensive Control feature that lets you pause the action to position your defense however you like , and use your fingertip to draw routes on the field . You can even save your best moves and call them as audibles . As with this year 's console versions of the game , the GameFlow feature does away with the playbook  on its default setting  , so you can spend less time picking plays and more time playing . "  Madden NFL 11 " offers four game modes in all , including a meaty Season Mode to play through an entire 16-game schedule  and make player trades  . The game also features head-to-head Bluetooth support for wireless matches with a friend in the same room . Although it 's a bit on the pricey side -- especially compared with Gameloft 's "  NFL 2011 " game for just 99 cents -- EA Mobile 's pocket football game is a great buy . "  N.O.V.A. " Company : Gameloft Suggested age : Teen Price : $ 4.99 Rating : 3.5 stars out of 4 In "  Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance "  "  N.O.V.A. "  , you play as a retired Marine hero , Kal , who is reluctantly re-enlisted to fight for humankind 's survival against aggressive aliens . Played from an immersive first-person perspective , the 3-D shooter takes place in multiple environments , ranging from spaceships to dense jungles to a bustling alien city . Consider it the closest thing to "  Halo " for your pocket . With more than a half-dozen high-tech weapons at your disposal , plus superhuman powers , you can tackle the solo campaign or create a free account to log online and indulge in multiplayer modes with up to three others . Along with enhanced graphics , the game makers recently added gyroscopic support to better control the action by tilting the iPhone 4 in various directions . "  Zen Bound 2 Universal " Company : Secret Exit Suggested age : Everyone Price : $ 2.99 Rating : 3 stars out of 4 If you prefer a more cognitive experience , "  Zen Bound 2 Universal " is a relaxing yet challenging puzzle game . While listening to the original 45-minute musical score  or your own tunes , if you prefer  , use the iPhone 4 's gyroscope and accelerometer to rotate the phone and "  wrap " the rope around various objects to reach the assigned length -- while "  coloring " the objects on all sides . More than 100 increasingly difficult levels are packed into this download , including all levels from the original "  Zen Bound " along with new game play modes .	"  Madden NFL 11 " is one of the best-looking HD games on the platform Consider "  N.O.V.A. " the closest thing to "  Halo " for your pocket "  Zen Bound 2 Universal " is a relaxing yet challenging puzzle game
CNN  -- ABC News ' Barbara Walters is expressing regret for attempting to help the daughter of Syria 's U.N. ambassador by seeking an internship or college admission for her . "  In retrospect , I realize that this created a conflict and I regret that , " Walters said in a statement Tuesday . After Walters returned to the United States from a December ABC interview with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , she said , Sheherazad Jaafari contacted her . Jaafari , the daughter of Syrian U.N. Ambassador Bashar Jaafari , was described in March as a Syrian government press officer in New York . Sheherazad Jaafari appears to have a close relationship with the Syrian president , according to e-mails obtained by CNN . In e-mails from Jaafari to al-Assad , she writes , "  hey handsome " and adds "  I love u. " Walters said Wednesday that Jaafari was "  looking for a job " when she contacted her . "  I told her that was a serious conflict of interest and that we would not hire her . I did offer to mention her to contacts at another media organization and in academia . " Walters sent an e-mail to CNN 's Piers Morgan and his executive producer , Jonathan Wald , recommending Jaafari , describing her as a "  sensational young woman . " CNN has said "  Piers Morgan Tonight " was contacted by Walters on Jaafari 's behalf ; however , she was never interviewed or hired as an intern . Morgan himself denied having any contact with Jaafari . In an article published in March in the British newspaper Daily Mail , Morgan wrote that an e-mail from Jaafari to al-Assad had surfaced in which she mentions a meeting with the CNN anchor . "  I am meeting Piers Morgan tomorrow ... I feel appreciated here ! " Jaafari wrote in that e-mail . Morgan wrote in the newspaper , "  I had absolutely no idea what the hell this was all about until I recalled that a famous American TV interviewer had recently recommended I consider this lady -- daughter of Syria 's ambassador to the U.N. -- for a job at my CNN show . "  We did n't meet , nor speak , nor in fact have any contact at all . And given the nature of her e-mail correspondence , I do n't think you should expect Ms Jaafari to be popping up in my programme title credits any time soon , " Morgan wrote . Walters also e-mailed a professor at Columbia University 's journalism school on Jaafari 's behalf . The professor , Richard Wald , is the father of Jonathan Wald . Walters later sent a follow-up e-mail to Jonathan Wald , advising him not to bother following up with Jaafari , since she did not have an appropriate U.S. visa . Walters said in her statement Wednesday that Jaafari "  did n't get a job or into school . " On her rÃ © sumÃ © , Jaafari said she graduated from college in June 2010 and for a year after graduation was an account executive at Brown Lloyd James , a public relations firm in New York . Before that , she said , she was an intern at the Syrian Mission to the United Nations and an assistant to the president of the U.N. General Assembly . Howard Kurtz , the host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources , " said the incident makes Walters "  seem a little too cozy " with someone close to the Syrian regime . "  This looks like a bit of a quid pro quo , " Kurtz said Wednesday . "  This woman was close to Assad , the daughter of the ambassador , helps her arrange the interview , and the next day they 're on e-mail talking about helping her -- Barbara Walters helping her to either get into an Ivy League school or land a media internship . " In his interview with ABC , al-Assad maintained that he is not in charge of Syria 's military , which opposition groups say has conducted a brutal crackdown on dissent in the country over the past year in which thousands have died . "  They are not my forces , " he said . "  They are forces for the government . I do n't own them . I 'm president . I do n't own the country . " Walters , in her statement Wednesday , described the interview as "  hard-hitting " and said "  the fallout for Assad from the interview was such that the Syrian government went to great lengths to discredit me and ABC News . " Jaafari was among those who coached al-Assad before the interview on how to describe the violence , according to e-mails purportedly from Syrian officials released in February by the hacking group known as Anonymous . "  Do n't talk reform , " Jaafari wrote in one e-mail . "  American 's  sic  wo n't care , or understand that . ... American psyche can be easily manipulated when they hear that there are ` mistakes ' done and now we are ` fixing it . ' " After the interview aired December 7 , Jaafari wrote to al-Assad , in an e-mail obtained by CNN , "  I 'm still awake and I am being updated by my father and through the embassy and Barbara 's team ... it 's extremely positive ... the whole U.S. is talking about this . " "  Ur amazing , " she told the president , adding that he looked like "  a 25-years-old super star . " In other e-mails from Jaafari to al-Assad , she strikes a more personal tone . "  I miss ur voice already , " she wrote him in late December . "  Give me a call whenever u can so I could get some energy from you and tell you how much I misss u. " "  I am coming today . I will arrive there tomorrow , " she wrote in January , telling him she wanted to see him , "  no excuses ... miss uuu , please please please . " "  Hey handsome , " she began an e-mail to the president three days later , including a suggestive story about a relative . "  I love u , " she added . "  I hope ur doing well in school and at the gym . Be nicer . " CNN 's Gena Somra and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Walters contacted CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on the woman 's behalf CNN did not interview or hire Sheherazad Jaafari Jaafari is the daughter of Syria 's U.N. ambassador Affectionate e-mails from the woman to Syria 's president were obtained by CNN
CNN  Japan 's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 , joining an elite club of nations who have explored Earth 's satellite . The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  JAXA  , divulged the plan to an expert panel , including members of the cabinet and the Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology Ministry on Monday . "  This is an initial step and a lot of procedures are still ahead before the plan is formally approved , " a JAXA spokesperson told reporters . If it is approved , the agency will reportedly use its Epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a SLIM probe -- the acronym stands for "  Smart Lander for Investigating Moon " -- on the surface of the celestial body . Japanese media estimates that the mission will cost in the region of ¥ 10 billion to ¥ 15 billion  $ 83.4 million - $ 125 million  . JAXA spokesperson Chihito Onda confirmed to CNN that this estimate is realistic . The mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies , which could be utilized in future , manned expeditions to the moon , or even Mars . The lander will use face recognition software found in digital cameras , which will be repurposed to enable the craft to recognize craters on the surface , Onda said . The move could be seen as Japan 's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors China and India , which have both notched significant extraterrestrial victories in recent years -- China 's Yutu lunar rover outlasted expectations and India successfully put a probe into orbit around Mars the first time of asking . In 2008 Japan put its SELENE craft -- known in Japan as Kaguya , after a Japanese moon princess from a 10th century folk tale -- into orbit around the moon to gather data about its surface . The data gathered by the orbiter will also be used to calculate a suitable landing site for the rover . JAXA has also put a probe on an asteroid , which returned to Earth in 2010 . Along with China , the United States and the former Soviet Union are the only other nations to have so far landed craft on the surface of the moon . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Japan aims to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 The mission is expected to to be used to perfect technologies which could be utilized for future manned space missions
