CNN  -- Actress Jessica Lange took a tumble in her Minnesota vacation cabin Tuesday , but a publicist said her injuries were not serious . Lange , who turns 60 next month , suffered bruised ribs , a broken collarbone and a small cut on her forehead , spokeswoman Leslee Dart said Wednesday . "  She will be completely fine and expects to be released from the hospital imminently , " Dart said . Lange began her movie career in 1976 playing King Kong 's love interest in the 1976 version of "  King Kong " but later was nominated for six Oscars -- two of which she won . She won best supporting actress for her role in "  Tootsie " in 1982 and best leading actress for "  Blue Sky " in 1994 . Lange owns a lakeside cabin not far from Cloquet , Minnesota , where she was born in 1949 .	Jessica Lange hurt in fall at Minnesota vacation home Lange suffered bruised ribs , a broken collarbone and a small cut Actress , 60 , expected to be "  completely fine , " says publicist
We sometimes liken the presidential campaign to an extended job interview , but it 's certainly unlike any job any of us has ever applied for . You 've probably never gone into an interview where your prospective employer said , "  Your résumé looks good , but of course we 'll have to decide if we like your spouse , go through your tax returns , talk to your elementary school classmates , see how you react when crazy people ask you bizarre questions , and make sure the car you drive communicates the proper patriotism and ordinary-guy credibility . " It is n't enough to know whether a candidate can do the job well or whether his agenda accords with ours ; we need to gaze into the very depths of his soul . This question becomes particularly acute for candidates who seem awkward or unskilled at the glad-handing part of politics , the requirement to forge deep emotional connections with voters in the span of a few seconds . Mitt Romney is only the latest to struggle with "  authenticity "  as John Kerry and Al Gore did  , and six months from election day voters and reporters are still trying to determine just what kind of person he is . So it no doubt caused panic in the Romney camp when the Washington Post published an account of Romney 's high school years at the elite Cranbrook school in suburban Detroit , detailing the young man 's penchant for practical jokes and what he now calls "  hijinks . " The worst was an incident involving a socially awkward boy , suspected of being gay , who had dyed his hair blond . "  He ca n't look like that . That 's wrong . Just look at him ! " Romney told a friend , according to the Post . He then led a group that tracked the boy down , tackled him , and held him on the ground . As the boy cried and yelled for help , Romney reportedly clipped his hair with scissors . When he was questioned about the story , Romney gave what has now become the politicians ' standard response to the revelation of misbehavior from long ago : "  I do n't recall the incident myself , but I 've seen the reports and I 'm not going to argue with that . There 's no question but that I did some stupid things when I was in high school and obviously if I hurt anyone by virtue of that , I would be very sorry for it and apologize for it . " You 'd hardly expect any politician in his position to say anything different . Perhaps Romney is being completely sincere . But the Post confirmed the story with five witnesses , four of whom described it on the record , so there seems little doubt about whether it occurred . They were deeply troubled by their participation in it , and recall it vividly to this day . News : Romney 's ex-classmate : ` It was assault . ' A candidate who has struggled with seeming human , as Mitt Romney has , could have done himself a favor by using this as an opportunity to show a little more of himself . He could have said : Yes , it happened . It was stupid and cruel . I wish I could go back and undo it . But part of growing up is realizing where you failed when you were young , and learning from your mistakes so you can become a better person . Most importantly , Romney could have said something that indicated he had a conception of how horrible the assault must have been for John Lauber , the victim . His only mention of Lauber , who died in 2004 , was to say "  I had no idea what that individual 's sexual orientation might be . " By referring to Lauber as "  that individual " he makes Lauber a nameless figure , further distancing himself from the incident . Which is exactly the opposite of what he should have done . After all , it 's the quality of empathy -- being able to see things from someone else 's perspective and feel what they feel -- that Romney has had trouble convincing voters he possesses . This problem comes up for Romney again and again , often in the form of "  gaffes " that are usually taken out of context , but still reveal a tin ear for the lives people lead . To take just one example , when Romney said "  I like being able to fire people that provide services to me , " anyone who has ever been laid off recoiled in shock , whatever the context . Business owners and supervisors who have had to do the firing -- the humane ones , anyway -- know it can be a painful experience from the other side of the desk as well . It may be necessary at times , but you certainly would n't say you "  like " it . Perhaps Romney really does n't remember the assault on John Lauber nearly a half-century ago , despite the fact that so many of the other people who were there have never forgotten it . Or perhaps he decided that claiming ignorance would be the safest course of crisis management . But what he said told people nothing about the man he is today and how he has changed and grown over that time . We 're all different people than we were in our youth , and we all have regrets . The 17-year-old Mitt Romney may have been a privileged , entitled boy with a mean streak . The 65-year-old Mitt Romney missed an opportunity to convince us he 's something different .	Paul Waldman : Running for president means people will delve deep into your past He says Romney likely alarmed by article alleging he bullied a boy when he was a teen He says Romney said he did n't recall , expressed regret . For other boys there , it was vivid Waldman : Romney missed a chance to convince skeptical voters that he has empathy
Tony Bosch , the founder of the now-defunct Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami , is not a licensed doctor , but portrayed himself as one , federal officials said Tuesday . Officials said he dispensed performance-enhancing drugs to professional baseball players such as suspended New York Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez and to impressionable high school athletes in South Florida and teenagers in the Dominican Republic . Bosch , 50 , surrendered to the Drug Enforcement Administration in Florida on Tuesday . At a court appearance , he pleaded not guilty and a judge set bail at $ 100,000 . Federal officials said earlier Tuesday that Bosch would agree to plead guilty to a charge of distributing steroids in a conspiracy that stretched from big league club houses to South Florida high schools and youth baseball leagues to sandlots in the Caribbean . One of his attorneys , Susy Ribero-Ayala , said there is a plea agreement in place and Bosch will change his plea later . "  Mr. Bosch has never had and does not have a DEA registration , " said Mark Trouville , special agent in charge of the DEA Miami . "  He is not a licensed medical professional . He is not a doctor . He is a drug dealer . " Also charged in the scandal were Yuri Sucart , a cousin of Rodriguez , and Juan Carlos Nunez , who was named in a scheme to clear All-Star Melky Cabrera after a positive 2012 testosterone test , authorities said . Other defendants include Carlos Acevedo , a longtime associate of Bosch 's , former University of Miami coach Lazaro "  Lazer " Collazo , Jorge Velasquez , and Christopher Engroba . Acevedo and three other men , including CarlosLuis Ruiz , a Florida Highway Patrol trooper , also were charged in a separate conspiracy involving the sale of the drug MDMA , or molly . Eight of the 10 men charged appeared in court . Acevedo and Engroba also entered not guilty pleas . The other men did n't enter a plea . Lengthy investigation The drug conspiracy charges against the men stemmed from from a 21-month DEA investigation . "  These defendants were motivated by one thing : money , " United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida , Wifredo Ferrer , said . "  They did this by lining their pockets , by exploiting the pressures of athletes and others to be bigger , to be stronger and to play better . " Bosch could face a 10-year prison term in the case . Bosch told investigators that he provided the illegal substances to at least 18 minors , Ferrer said . Bosch and his associates distributed the drugs to minors who attended a number of public and private high schools in South Florida . He would charge the teenagers and their parents between $ 250 and $ 600 a month , promising that the concoctions -- which included black market steroids -- would improve their game . A look at performance enhancing drugs in sports In addition , investigators said , Bosch and the others operated in the Dominican Republic , where boys as young as 12 were given new baseball equipment and treated with testosterone-loaded syringes in an effort to get them signed with big league teams . Talents scouts working with the children would keep as much as 50 % of their signing bonuses . "  These defendants provided easy access to dangerous concoctions of steroids and human growth hormones to impressionable high school kids , " Ferrer said . "  Simply put : Doping children is unacceptable . It is wrong . It is illegal and it is dangerous and Bosch and his reckless recruiters and his black market suppliers ignored the serious health risks posed to their so called patients , all to make a profit . " Using lollipops The drugs were administered in a number of ways , through injections , pills , creams and even lollipops , according to a source with direct knowledge of the investigation . Masking agents were used to hide the drugs . "  It was so good . The key was being able to fool testers with the league  Major League Baseball  , the source said . "  The masking agents in the creams would hide the actual drug , and  Bosch  would know the timing involved . He knew if the athlete took the drug right before a game , they 'd be tested 12 hours later and the drug would no longer be detectable . " Earlier this year , Major League Baseball dropped its lawsuit against Bosch and the company the league claims provided performance-enhancing drugs to a number of players , including Rodriguez . The league had agreed to drop the suit if Bosch cooperated in the investigation , according to published reports . In a statement Tuesday , Rodriguez 's lawyer , Joe Tacopina , said : "  This obviously is the beginning of the end of this sordid chapter in baseball . " Authorities said professional athletes recruited by the clinic paid between $ 2,000 and $ 12,000 per month for the drugs . The investigation led to the suspension of 14 players for violating the league 's drug policy . Besides Rodriguez , suspended players included Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun , the 2011 National League MVP , who served part of his suspension last season . Bosch 's Biogenesis clinic became part of the story in late January 2013 , when the Miami New Times reported that more than a dozen professional baseball players and other athletes had been named in records kept over several years by the clinic . Two months later , MLB filed its lawsuit against the clinic in Florida 's Miami-Dade County . Its 14-page complaint named Biogenesis , its predecessor company and six individuals -- among them program director Bosch , others at the company , someone who worked at a sports agency , a former University of Miami baseball player and a "  self-proclaimed chemist " who supplied substances . Alex Rodriguez drops lawsuits , accepts 162-game suspension	Tony Bosch enters not guilty plea for now , expected to change to guilty later Bosch , founder of Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami , surrenders to DEA Clinic allegedly provided performance-enhancing drugs to pro baseball players Earlier this year , Major League Baseball dropped suit against Bosch and Biogenesis
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic fought like a true champion to extend his winning run to 36 matches this year as he reached the final of the Rome Masters at the expense of Andy Murray on Saturday . The Serbian triumphed 6-1 3-6 7-6  7-2  in a three-hour semifinal epic to set up another showdown with world No. 1 Rafael Nadal , a player he has beaten in three Masters Series title matches this season . Second-ranked Djokovic ended the Spaniard 's two-year unbeaten run on clay in the Madrid final , but it remains to be seen whether he has enough energy in reserve to repeat that on Sunday . Nadal had a much easier passage as he defeated French 16th seed Richard Gasquet 7-5 6-1 in 93 minutes , ending the run of a player who had earlier beaten his longtime rival Roger Federer and seventh seed Tomas Berdych . Djokovic 's dream year shows no sign of slowing Djokovic had to dig deep as Murray showed tremendous resolve after capitulating in the first set -- a showing that raised the prospect of a repeat of his Australian Open final defeat against the same player in January . But the fourth seed -- who turns 24 on Sunday -- battled back to level , inflicting Djokovic 's first dropped set of the tournament , and then fought back again after going down 3-1 in the decider . Murray , seeking to become the first British player to reach a top-level clay final since 1982 , broke Djokovic 's serve twice in a row -- the second time to love - as he went 4-3 ahead . But Djokovic , who could have gone top in the rankings if Nadal had not reached the last four , broke back immediately . Both players then dropped serve again -- Murray after a morale-sapping double fault -- but then held to take the match to a tie-break . Djokovic had appeared to be on his last legs at several stages , but appeared rejuvenated as he raced to a 5-1 lead before reaching the final of an event he won in 2008 . He then roared with relief at an appreciative crowd as he showed just how much the victory meant to him ahead of his own 24th birthday on May 22 . Nadal beat Djokovic in the 2009 Rome final , and has won the event for five of the past six years . But his status as "  King of Clay " is under serious threat this year ahead of the French Open starting next month , where he is defending champion and seeking a sixth title since 2005 . "  I am playing better every day and a little bit higher , so I think that in general I am happy for everything , " Nadal , who was hampered by illness earlier this week , told the ATP Tour website . "  I 'm in another final , six in a row , and it is unbelievable . I had a tough week , so I am very happy for everything . "	World No. 2 Novak Djokovic to play top-ranked Rafael Nadal in Rome final Serbian overcomes fourth seed Andy Murray in epic semifinal clash for 36th win of 2011 Nadal has fewer problems in defeating Roger Federer 's conqueror Richard Gasquet Djokovic ended Nadal 's two-year unbeaten run on clay in Madrid final
CNN  -- The sponsor of a top golf tournament in South Korea insists it is safe to go ahead despite two American players pulling out due to security fears . U.S. Ryder Cup stars Dustin Johnson and Zach Johnson withdrew from the Ballantine 's Championship Monday , citing concerns over recent tensions between North and South Korea . "  They have reached this decision following perceived unrest on the Korean Peninsula and can no longer assure their commitment to this year 's event , " Ballantine 's said in a statement on the website of the European Tour , which co-sanctions the tournament with the Asian Tour . Now held at the Blackstone course at Icheon , 60 kilometers south of the capital Seoul , the â ‚ ¬ 2,205,000  $ 2.85 million  event was the first staged in South Korea in 2008 on the island of Jeju . "  Ballantine 's and the European Tour would like to reiterate that the tournament is going ahead as planned with a full field of European , Asian and Korean PGA Tour members , " the statement added . "  Ballantine 's has been kept fully up to date on relevant issues and the European Tour has also been liaising with key decision makers , including the Foreign Office , who have not warned of any increased risk to those traveling to or within the country . World No. 30 Zach Johnson , who won the 2007 Masters , said he did not want to take the risk following North Korea 's recent threats against its neighbor and its move to test missiles and restart its nuclear program . "  It was one of those things where the women in my life really did n't feel like it was necessary for me to go , " the 37-year-old from Iowa told the Des Moines Register , referring to his wife , mother and young daughter . "  The posture and rhetoric that is taking place right now makes it not worth it . And it probably is just posture and rhetoric . However , I do n't want to take the chance . " World No. 19 Dustin Johnson , who played at the Korean event in 2011 , had similar concerns . "  I feel bad for the tournament , " said the 28-year-old , whose partner is Paulina Gretzky , the model daughter of ice hockey legend Wayne Gretzky . "  They were gracious and understanding . Hopefully it will work out in the future . " The tournament , which starts on Thursday , will feature three former major champions in South Africa 's world No. 6 Louis Oosthuizen , South Korean veteran Y.E. Yang and Britain 's Paul Lawrie .	Dustin Johnson and Zach Johnson withdraw from golf tournament in South Korea American golfers worried about recent tensions on the Korean Peninsula Tournament sponsor insists that the event can safely go ahead this week Ballantine 's Championship is co-sanctioned by European and Asian tours
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama said Thursday that the federal government was guilty of mistreating Native Americans in the past and promised to forge a new relationship between the federal government and tribal leaders . "  You deserve to have a voice , " Obama told representatives of 386 tribes at a White House Tribal Nations Conference . "  You will not be forgotten as long as I 'm in this White House . " Obama signed a memorandum directing federal agencies to submit recommendations within 90 days on how best to improve tribal participation in key government policy decisions . Leaders of all 564 federally recognized tribes were invited to the daylong meeting . Interior Minister Ken Salazar and other Cabinet members participated in the conference , which focused on the challenges and priorities of the tribal leaders and their people . Obama acknowledged misdeeds by the U.S. government in dealing with Native Americans . "  We know the history that we share , " Obama said . "  It 's a history marked by violence and disease and deprivation . Treaties were violated . Promises were broken . You were told your lands , your religion , your cultures , your languages were not yours to keep . " In addition , he said , the federal government failed to properly consult Native American leaders and communities on what they needed , leading to current conditions that include unemployment up to 80 percent on some reservations , roughly 25 percent of Native Americans living in poverty and more than 10 percent of reservation homes lacking electricity or safe water supplies . During a question-and-answer session with conference participants , the tribal chiefs welcomed Obama and thanked him for his leadership , with many asking for his help on problems facing their people . Bill Martin , president of the Tlingit-Haida Indian tribes of Alaska , noted that the suicide rate for Native American men between 15 and 27 years old in the state was 12 times the national average . "  It 's a serious issue , and we hope that we can be able to provide more funding to combat suicide , " Martin said . Others asked for help on securing land rights , improving education and other social issues . "  I want to give you my solemn guarantee that this is not the end of the process but the beginning of the process and that we are going to follow up , " Obama said to applause in his closing remarks to the conference . "  We are going to keep on working with you to make sure that the first Americans get the best possible chances in life . "	Representatives from 386 tribes gather for White House Tribal Conference Obama acknowledges government misdeeds , vows "  you will not be forgotten " Many tribal chiefs ask for help on problems facing their people Obama memorandum asks agencies for ideas on improving tribal participation
CNN  -- A United Nations report blaming a record loss of Afghan civilian lives last year on insurgents and the Taliban was dismissed as "  untrue " by a Taliban spokesman Saturday . Meanwhile , a commander of the International Security Assistance Force was encouraged by the report 's findings that coalition forces were not to blame for the increased casualties , but agreed that civilian deaths must drop . The U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan said 3,021 civilians were killed last year , up from 2,790 the prior year . In an e-mail sent to CNN , Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid "  strongly " disputed the U.N. mission 's report as "  untrue . " "  It has been 10 years since UNAMA has started blaming our Mujahideen with such numbers and untrue figures while the invading forces are using tons of explosives every day in our country , conducting raids on civilian houses and they are killing our innocent people , " Mujahid said in the e-mail . "  Unfortunately I should say that UNAMA , which is operating under the umbrella of the U.N. as a propaganda tool for the invading forces , is trying to blame Mujahideen for the majority of the killings happening in Afghanistan , " Mujahid wrote . "  It is unfortunate that UNAMA is supporting oppressor Americans and other invading forces and is undermining its international reputation , " Mujahid stated . A total of 11,864 civilians have been killed in the Afghanistan conflict since 2007 , the U.N. mission said . "  Afghan children , women and men continue to be killed in this war in ever-increasing numbers , " Jan Kubis , the U.N. special representative for the secretary-general , said in a statement . "  For much too long Afghan civilians have paid the highest price of war . Parties to the conflict must greatly increase their efforts to protect civilians to prevent yet another increase in civilian deaths and injuries in 2012 . " General John R. Allen , ISAF commander , said the report showed a reduction in coalition-related civilian casualties . "  Every citizen of Afghanistan must know ISAF will continue to do all we can to reduce casualties that affect the Afghan civilian population . This data is promising but there is more work to be done , " Allen said in a statement . "  The most striking -- and obvious -- component of the report is the increasing number of civilian casualties attributed to insurgents , " said Allen . "  IEDs are now responsible for roughly one out of three civilian casualties according to UNAMA . The death toll from insurgent attacks is much too high and deserves Mullah Omar 's direct attention and action . " The U.N. report said last year 's deaths are 8 % more than in 2010 , and double the number in 2007 . The vast majority of 2011 civilian casualties -- 77 % , according to the U.N. report -- were caused by anti-government forces . The number of deaths attributable to the Afghan army and international forces declined year-over-year by 4 % , to 410 . The report concludes that the higher number of casualties was due to changing tactics on the part of insurgents , including greater use of improvised explosive devices  IEDs  , deadlier suicide attacks and more targeted assassinations . IEDs alone killed 967 Afghan men , women and children in 2011 . Many of the 495 victims of targeted killings were provincial and district governors , peace council members and tribal elders . Among the most disturbing statistics : in the second half of 2011 , the number of women and children killed grew by 29 and 51 % respectively , compared to 2010 . That is in part due to the growing use of the pressure-plate IEDs , which are indiscriminate -- such that a van carrying civilians is just as likely to set off the explosive as a Humvee . "  A piece of shrapnel had gone through his head . My son is dead , and his loss is killing me and my wife . He was the only son I had , " said a man in Mazar-e Sharif , who was quoted in the report . "  My daughter is nine years old , and every day before I leave for work , she cries : ` Mama , do n't go to work , I do n't need to eat , ' "  a police officer in Herat was quoted as saying . The U.N. report says several statements from Taliban leaders in 2011 pledging greater efforts to avoid civilian casualties "  neither resulted in improved protection of civilians nor minimized civilian casualties . " While NATO can take comfort from the fact that its forces -- and its allies in the Afghan National Army -- caused fewer civilian casualties last year , it is clear that overall security for civilians has not improved . This is despite the deployment of well over 100,000 international troops across Afghanistan in 2011 . In addition to casualties , the number of Afghan civilians displaced by conflict soared last year . According to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , conflict and insecurity displaced some 185,000 people in Afghanistan , a jump of 41 % compared to 2010 . The U.N. report suggests that there has been a significant geographic shift in casualties . As NATO and Afghan Army units focused on the southern provinces of Kandahar and Helmand , the number of civilian casualties fell sharply in the second half of 2011 . But elsewhere -- in southeastern , eastern and northern Afghanistan -- incidents rose . The number of civilians killed in Kabul province , including in the capital itself , more than tripled largely because of several devastating suicide bombings . The figures show that the number of casualties caused by NATO and allied night operations dropped sharply , despite the much greater intensity and frequency of such operations . That suggests better intelligence and tactics among pro-government forces . But the number of civilian killed in NATO airstrikes -- a source of friction with the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai -- rose 9 % . Increasingly , as the transition to Afghan leadership gets underway , local security duties are being assigned to a relatively new force : the Afghan Local Police . The U.N. says it has received "  mixed reports " about this entity 's overall performance . While most suggested that it had improved security , there were also accounts of human rights abuses and corruption . Altogether , the U.N. Assistance Mission concludes that "  the unremitting toll of civilian casualties coupled with pervasive intimidation affected many civilians directly , and many more indirectly , by fueling uncertainty , tension and fear . " The report 's authors welcome "  ideas that could contribute toward peace negotiations , " adding their value will be measured by reduced civilian casualties and improved security . CNN 's Tim Lister , Michael Martinez and Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	NEW : Taliban spokesman calls U.N. report "  propaganda " NEW : ISAF commander says deaths caused by insurgents are "  much too high " The rate of conflict-related civilian deaths rose 8 % compared to 2011 , the U.N. says The killings of children and women spike , relatively , in the last half of 2011
CNN  -- Authorities arrested the father of three missing Michigan boys Tuesday , charging him with parental kidnapping , officials said . John Skelton was arrested immediately upon his release from a mental health facility where he was being treated after an attempted suicide , Morenci , Michigan , Police Chief Larry Weeks told reporters . Weeks said investigators have not found the children , despite internet rumors that began circulating Tuesday of their whereabouts . Local authorities and federal investigators have been trying to find the children since Friday . But Tuesday morning , Weeks said investigators "  do not anticipate a positive outcome . " Investigators are skeptical of information Skelton has provided them , he said . Skelton said he left the three boys with a woman , whom he identified as Joann Taylor , the morning before he tried to take his own life -- in part to ensure they did not witness his suicide attempt . Skelton said Taylor was supposed to take the boys to their home in Morenci , a southern Michigan town of about 2,400 people about 40 miles west-northwest of Toledo , Ohio , Friday afternoon , Weeks said . But the boys -- Tanner Skelton , 5 , Alexander William Skelton , 7 , and Andrew Skelton , 9 -- never arrived . Earlier , authorities determined that Skelton had no "  established relationship " with the person he named as Taylor , and they are n't certain that she even exists . Authorities continue to ask for the public 's help , hoping that someone saw Skelton 's blue 2000 Dodge Caravan , in which he was believed to be carrying the boys from 2:30 p.m. Thursday to 1:30 p.m. Friday somewhere along a 25-mile stretch of road between Morenci and Holiday City , Ohio . Weeks had been more optimistic Monday , saying , "  We remain hopeful . "  That 's why we 're doing what we 're doing , and hope to bring these boys home . " The last time a non-family member saw the boys was at 5 p.m. on Thursday , according to the chief . Police say Tanner is 3 feet , 6 inches tall with strawberry blond hair and blue eyes , and weighs about 40 pounds . Alexander is 3 feet , 9 inches tall , has brown hair and eyes , weighs about 45 pounds and has scars on his hairline and chin . The oldest brother , Andrew , is 4 feet , 1 inch tall , has brown hair and eyes and weighs roughly 57 pounds . Andy Arena , a special agent with the FBI , also has called for help from the public . "  We need calls . We need tips . Anything that 's out there , no matter how incredible you may think it is , call . Let us know , " he said Sunday .	NEW : Authorities charge the father of 3 missing boys with parental kidnapping Investigators say they "  do not anticipate a positive outcome " for the Michigan boys Police : The boys ' father has no relationship with a mystery woman he described
CNN  -- They do things differently at Sociedad Deportiva Eibar , up in the mist-cloaked valleys of the Basque country . And it is working . The smallest club ever to compete in Spanish soccer 's top flight is debt free , self-sustaining , and steadfast in its determination not to overextend itself . That is a novelty in La Liga , whose two leading lights -- Real Madrid and Barcelona -- are in the red to an estimated combined tune of over $ 1 billion . Eibar 's town has a population of just 27,000 and its football club a miniscule budget to help sustain a charge for safety in its first ever season in the top division . But as the season nears its half way mark , Eibar has nudged its way into the top half of the table and is proving a beacon of fastidiousness in a league that has long sagged heavily with debt . "  The miracle continues , " grins Eibar president Alex Arranzabal soon after its best result of the season -- a 5-2 home win over relegation rivals Almeria . "  This is quite challenging for the rest of Spanish football . We could be a little bit uncomfortable for a lot of clubs , because they have done things in the opposite way . "  They are now seeing a small club like us can do things in this way and that it works . We are small but we are challenging them . " That Eibar even reached the top table in Spain is staggering , that it is holding its own is even more so . It had the smallest budget in the Spanish second division last year and even after promotion , was threatened with demotion due to its size . It had to raise $ 2.3 million to comply with a rule that requires every team to have a capital equal to 25 % of the average expenses of all sides in the second division , excluding the two clubs with the biggest outgoings and the two with the smallest . But after a share issue attracted pledges from all over the world , Eibar was able to take its place in the top flight and underline its commitment to financial prudence . Many clubs have flirted with ruin throwing millions at top flight survival , but not Eibar . Though Aranzabal has gone full-time and 13 people have been recruited to cope with the demands of La Liga , it will revert to a skeleton staff should the club be relegated . Its $ 18 million budget for the season is paltry in sporting terms ; European champions Real Madrid have spending power of around $ 762 million to draw on this campaign alone . To underline the gulf between the two , Real 's Bernabeu stadium could also accommodate Eibar 's population three times and still have 3,000 seats left over . So how is Eibar thriving ? "  A club with soul " Ask Arranzabal , and one of the club 's biggest fans Unai Eraso , and the answer is the same -- "  alma " , which translates from Spanish as "  soul . " "  This is a family -- a football club with soul , " Eraso , head of Eibar 's Madrid supporters club , told me in one of the numerous tiny bars dotted round its 5,800 capacity Ipurua stadium . "  The players reflect the nature of the town -- humble , hard-working and with huge spirit . We still have the same people at the club -- the same guy has washed the shirts of the team for the last 10 years . " Arranzabal agrees : "  The team gives this "  alma " to the people in the stadium . "  It 's very important for us that the club and the fans are together because we have to create very special conditions , like a mystique . "  It is raining , everything is dark , surrounded by the Basque mountains and the people are feeling what the players are feeling . It can be quite frightening for the opposition . " Soul is arguably becoming a rare commodity in modern soccer these days . In the past 20 years , mega-money television deals have made some European clubs richer than ever , yet the desire for greater revenue remains insatiable . Player salaries have soared and clubs have developed a keenness to market themselves aggressively in emerging regions , while ticket prices have continued to rise sharply in many places . Should Eibar 's meteoric rise continue they may well need to tackle similar issues , but such is the inexorable link between club and town , it is unthinkable such roots would be forgotten . "  The town and the football club -- we are the same , " Arranzabal explains . "  This is very important for Eibar as a town . We have always been an industrial area and we have had quite a big crisis for the last few years , " he added referring to Spain 's economic problems . "  We used to be a town of 40,000 people 20 years ago but now we are 27,000 . Everything was quite difficult for the people in the valley . Football has lifted the general mood of the people . "  You only have to walk round the town and see how many flags hang from the buildings and how many shirts there are of the team . The relationship between the town and the team is unique . " The world 's friendliest club ? Not only is Eibar the smallest club in La Liga , it must surely rank as the most welcoming . The fans follow the club as resolutely as the low clouds that stick to the hills that surround the town , and they are currently reveling in the greatest season of their lives . Eraso is my chaperon -- a lifelong fan and unrelenting optimist whose ardor for the club and town is evident with each snippet of information he proffers . We meet four hours before kick-off , just as a band of weary souls from Almeria emerge blinking from the bus that set off from their south coast town 10 hours or more ago . He quickly shows off a newspaper cutting of the "  Eibarmy " from the previous week 's victorious trip to Vigo , on the east coast of the country . "  I banged the drum for so long that my hand was bleeding by the end ! " he explains , as well as recounting how the club 's clutch of traveling fans were greeted warmly by the home supporters . It reflects a trend wherever they have been . For while the story of Eibar is widely known and has been celebrated globally -- underlined by the pledges from over 50 different countries during its share issue -- it has also been championed in Spain . "  We have support from around the world , " Eraso 's friend Lander explains . "  Everywhere we 've been in Spain other fans congratulate us and want to swap shirts with us . "  Eibar is now famous -- for us this is crazy ! " Not only is there joy at the realization Eibar belongs at this level , there is a distinct sense of pride that it is doing that on its own terms . As the thumping of Almeria unfolds in a constant swirl of wind and rain , Eraso and his friends pace up and down at the back of Eibar 's Tribuna Gol Este stand , so hemmed in that plenty of fans nip across the road at halftime for a nerve-steadying beer . The core of its team has been the same the past three seasons , every positive intervention on the field accompanied by a potted history of that player 's career to date . "  It is very important to maintain the essence of the group within the club in order to keep the values that have enabled Eibar to reach the ceiling of the Spanish league , " he explains . "  The players who stay in the club are an example of behavior and sacrifice to the newcomers and not the other way around . Arrogance does n't belong here ! " The match won it is back to one of the many tavernas surrounding the ground , where Eraso raises the prospect of Eibar qualifying for the Europa League and taking its tour of goodwill across the continent . As their President himself remarked , the dream continues ...	Tiny Eibar is punching above its weight during its first ever season in Spain 's La Liga The club are the smallest to have played in the top league but sit ninth in the table The Basque club is debt free and self-sustaining unlike a lot of other clubs President Alez Aranzabal : "  The relationship between the town and the team is unique . "
CNN  -- There is compelling evidence that the economic security of women and their families is more fragile today than ever . Women are one-half of the nation 's workforce , yet disparities in pay , the shrinking of the public sector and stagnant wages have left too many women and families on the losing end of our nation 's economic recovery . Nearly two-thirds of all minimum wage workers are women . The poverty rate among women is as high as it has been in 17 years . Women are more likely to file for bankruptcy and have less retirement savings . Women have rushed to get more education and training , but student debt has skyrocketed . Five decades after the Equal Pay Act , women still make just 77 cents for every dollar men make for the same job , an average real difference of $ 11,000 a year . Unmarried women -- single , widowed or divorced -- are the most economically insecure . These disparities persist for many reasons . Too many women face financial pressures simply because of outdated policies and a "  Mad Men " view of the world that constrain opportunities for women 's full participation in our economy . Our country 's policies simply do not reflect the way families live today , with both parents in the workforce and more single-parent households than ever . A second income is no longer a luxury ; it is a necessity . For far too long , Washington has been silent on these issues . It 's time for an agenda that addresses the economic instability of women and their families . This week , House Democrats announced an economic agenda for America 's women and families . It recognizes a simple fact : When women succeed , America succeeds . It reflects the same spirit advanced 165 years ago at the first Women 's Rights Convention at Seneca Falls , New York , where American women began their quest for equal rights and equal opportunity . House Democrats ' agenda -- "  When Women Succeed , America Succeeds : An Economic Agenda for Women and Families " -- stands on the shoulders of what was accomplished at at Seneca Falls and what was advanced by activists in every generation by addressing the economic challenges facing women and families in our time . Our agenda promotes policies that raise wages and ensure pay equity in the workplace . It allows working parents to support their families , succeed in school and at the office , and care for their children . Achieving good and equal pay for women is essential . We must enact paycheck fairness legislation to ensure women get paid what they deserve and put more money in the pockets of working women and their families . We must expand access to job training and education assistance so that working women can obtain better-paying jobs in the future . We must do more to support women-owned businesses and nurture entrepreneurship by providing more access to capital . Today , women play an expanded role in the workforce , in businesses small and large , and in our homes as primary breadwinners . Given this reality , we need policies that allow a better work and family balance for all workers , not just a select few at the top of the income ladder . The Democrats ' agenda increases access to paid sick leave , expanding the Family Medical Leave Act and protecting pregnant workers and new mothers so that they ca n't be fired or demoted . The high cost of child care is another economic barrier for working families , forcing too many to make a near-impossible choice between low-quality child care or forgoing wages to stay home to care for their children . That 's why we must increase access to affordable , quality child care . One key step forward should be to provide all low - and moderate-income 4-year-olds with access to high-quality preschool , as proposed by President Barack Obama . Congress must also take steps to support early Head Start and child care partnerships and expand existing child and child care tax credits . Our pro-family agenda will help strengthen the middle class , grow our economy and provide a brighter future for the next generation . Democrats have long led the way to address the health and economic security of women and families -- from the passage of the Affordable Care Act and the Lilly Ledbetter Act to our continued fight to strengthen and protect Social Security and Medicare . Our women and families economic agenda is the next step in our mission to expand opportunity for all Americans . American women and their families are at an economic crossroads . We want them to succeed , not sink . That is why every chance we get we will call for passage of the policies necessary to meet the economic needs of America 's women and families today , to help them succeed so America will succeed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Nancy Pelosi and Rosa DeLauro : Women and their families are worse off than ever Writers : We need fair , equal pay for women , early education for children , access to job training They say old policies and "  Mad Men " view of the world add to women 's money woes House Democrats agenda : "  When women succeed , America succeeds "
CNN  -- Ten people suffered minor injuries Monday when the nose gear of a Southwest Airlines jetliner collapsed after landing at New York 's LaGuardia Airport , the city 's Port Authority reported . Southwest Flight 345 was landing at LaGuardia from Nashville about 5:40 p.m. when the accident occurred . The nose of the blue-and-orange jet came to rest on the ground after the aircraft came to a stop , and passengers evacuated the aircraft on emergency slides . "  The aircraft skidded down the runway on its nose and then veered off and came to rest in a grass area between the runway and taxiway foxtrot , " Thomas Bosco , the airport 's general manager , told reporters . It stopped about halfway down the 7,000-foot runway . Kathy Boles , a passenger aboard the Boeing 737 , said a "  strong jolt " could be felt inside the cabin when the gear failed and the nose slammed into the tarmac . "  It was just a bang and a bounce , and then a slam on the brakes and a skidding feeling , " Boles told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  I feel extremely blessed to have come off that , " she said . "  It just really felt like the plane could have broken in half , it was such a hard impact . " Fellow passenger Anastasia Elliot said the situation was "  pretty chaotic . " "  We hit the ground pretty hard and slid , " she said . "  There was a lot of smoke filling the plane , just a lot of smoke and burnt rubber . " Another passenger said it felt like the plane crashed and then skidded to a stop . "  Everything in the plane that was loose went flying forward , " Bill Roland said . "  There were cell phones , iPads , books  and  drinks all skidded up . " A total of 150 people were aboard the flight . In addition to the 10 injured aboard the plane , a Port Authority police officer was treated for heat exhaustion , Bosco said . There were conflicting reports about how many members of the aircraft 's crew were among the injured . Southwest said three flight attendants had reported being hurt , while Bosco said the six-member crew had been taken to a hospital for observation . LaGuardia was closed to arriving flights as emergency vehicles surrounded the disabled jet , but the airport was back open for arrivals and departures by 7 p.m. , Bosco said . Initially , the Federal Aviation Administration said the crew reported a possible nose gear problem before landing , but later amended that to say that after it reviewed air controller tapes , no issues were noted ahead of time . The National Transportation Safety Board was aware of the incident and sent an investigator to the scene . The incident followed a runway crash of an Asiana jetliner in San Francisco last month that killed three people and injured more than 180 others . Investigators in that crash will not determine a cause for several months at least but initial attention has focused on actions of the crew during approach . The 737 has a conventional hydraulic landing gear system -- a unit under each wing and a steerable wheel that extends from under the nose . Pilots can land safely with only the main gear operable and such incidents occur from time to time . Southwest has more than 600 of the 737s in its fleet , including those operated by its subsidiary AirTran . In May : Plane lands without landing gear at Newark CNN 's Caleb Silver contributed to this report .	Port Authority says 10 people suffered minor injuries Passenger describes "  a bang and a bounce " as nose gear fails Nose gear fails on Southwest Airlines Flight 345 as it lands at LaGuardia FAA says pilots did not report any problems before landing
CNN  -- As one woman in glittering Lycra gently bends her legs backwards over her head , another balances on top , slowly twisting her own limbs into a human pretzel . They move as one -- a fantastical insect bewitching the Las Vegas crowds in Cirque Du Soleil 's legendary stage show , called simply "  O. " But despite their ethereal demeanor , each petite performer possesses a rare Herculean strength and snake-like flexibility . And almost all hail from one country : Mongolia . "  When you want a top baseball player , sometimes you look in America . Where we need a contortionist we look to Mongolia , " said the show 's artistic director , Sandi Croft . "  When they dance they have a natural flexibility , even in their folk dance . It is just part of their culture to have this extra bend in delivery with their movement . " Why Mongolia ? The bright lights of Las Vegas are a long way from the plains of Mongolia , a sparsely populated country bordering China and Russia . But in the last 70 years , Mongolia has become a breeding ground for the world 's top contortionists , who have performed everywhere from Russia 's Bolshoi Theater to the Monte Carlo International Circus Festival . Indeed , while other well-meaning parents around the world might send their little girls to ballet or piano lessons , in Mongolia they 're more likely to drop them off at contortion school . Watch : The art of contortion While Mongolian contortion has some similarities to ancient folk dances and yoga poses , it was the launch of the State Circus in the 1940s that saw it really take off as a professional art form . When the contortion school 's first official trainer , the now legendary Tsend-Ayush , began performing across the country , she quickly inspired a generation of girls hoping to quite literally mold themselves in her likeness . One of those children was then-eight-year-old Angelique Janov , now the trainer for Cirque du Soleil 's "  O. " "  We 'd never seen anything like Tsend-Ayush before , " she said . "  It was her combination of strong technical skills and the beautiful way she moved to the music -- she made it look so easy . "  After that , every little girl wanted to be a contortionist . " Child 's play Of course , training to be a contortionist is far from easy . Students as young as five train for around three hours a day , five days a week . They build up their strength , flexibility and balance through various exercises such as handstands , splits , and push-ups . "  My homework was 300 push-ups a day , " said 29-year-old Nomintuya Baasankhuu , former contortionist and Arts Program director at the Arts Council of Mongolia . "  It was intense . But by eight years old I could do most of the technical moves -- I was considered a professional . " There are some risks -- Baasankhuu suffered a knee injury after falling from a human tower three meters high . But many contortionists insist that much like any sport , it is safe if done properly . "  Contortion is not dangerous , " said 55-year-old Cirque du Soleil trainer Janov . "  It 's like yoga -- if you 're stretching every day you stay young . " Naturally gifted ? Such rigorous training regimes have been a huge factor in the Mongolians ' success around the world . But how much of a role does genetics play ? "  Some people are naturally more flexible and this is often due to genetics -- if one of our parents is flexible , we 're more likely to be flexible too , " said Tim Allardyce of the British Osteopathic Association . "  That said , a naturally flexible person would not be able to get themselves into positions that contortionists can without extensive training -- it is only very gradually , over many months and years , that the ligaments and muscles lengthen , allowing the joints to become more mobile . " World of opportunity For many youngsters in Mongolia , contortion is seen as more than simply a hobby -- it 's a golden ticket to the world . "  Mongolian contortion is globally competitive -- today many performers work for Cirque du Soleil and other international circus companies , " said Baasankhuu , who also researched the history of Mongolian contortion at the National University of Mongolia . "  That is why so many girls would like to become contortionists and travel around world and make living from it . " So what is it about these mysterious performers that continues to beguile audiences across the world ? Janov perhaps summed up their allure best : "  It 's the realization that an individual can do things that seem impossible . "	Mongolia home to some of world 's greatest contortionists Many now perform in international circuses , including Cirque du Soliel Youngsters train from just five years old , up to three hours a day
CNN  -- Barack Obama would make a great stand-up comic , not because he 's the funniest president ever but because he uses jokes the same way many of us comedians do : as a weapon . Traditionally , the  intentionally  funny lines by our presidents have had one thing in common : They were self-deprecating . Sure , some presidents have used jokes to take jabs at their opponents , but not to the extent of Obama . During his tenure , he has increasingly unleashed biting comedic barbs against his critics and political adversaries . These jokes are intended to do more than simply entertain you . They have an agenda . Obama 's humor is often delivered the way a comedian dealing with a heckler would do it . He tries to undermine his opponents with it and get the crowd -- in this case the public -- on his side . I can assure you that having a crowd laugh at your critic/heckler is not only effective in dominating them , it 's also very satisfying . Let 's look at some of the more typical self-deprecating jokes made by presidents at past White House Correspondents ' Dinners , where press and president unleash their biting wits on one another . In 1988 , Ronald Reagan joked about his advanced age by commenting that his staff had claimed that "  preparing me for a press conference was like reinventing the wheel . Not true . I was around when the wheel was invented , and it was easier . " President Clinton , at the 2000 Correspondents ' Dinner , mentioned that he was a fan of that night 's comedian , Jay Leno : "  Because , together , we give hope to gray-haired , chunky baby boomers everywhere . " And then there was President George W. Bush . There are no words to describe my gratitude for all the material he provided comedians . But he could also be intentionally funny at his own expense . Gallery : President Obama : A year in facial expressions At the 2001 Correspondents ' Dinner , Bush took out a book written about his verbal gaffes and reviewed them with the audience . One of the funniest moments was regarding his famous grammatically incorrect line "  Rarely is the question asked : ` Is our children learning ? ' " Bush then comically explained , "  If they would read it closely , they would see I 'm using the transitive plural tense , so the word ` is ' are correct . " Now , let 's look at Obama . Yes , he has often used self-deprecating humor . For example , at the 2011 White House Correspondents ' Dinner , he joked , "  Some people now suggest that I 'm too professorial . And I 'd like to address that head-on by assigning all of you some reading that will help you draw your own conclusions . " But here 's where Obama has increasingly taken presidential comedy to a new place . At that same event , Obama took on two critics point-blank , using cutting humor . The first was the thin-skinned Donald Trump , who at that time was considering running for president against Obama in 2012 . Obama made three sharply barbed jokes at Trump 's expense . One was about how trivial Trump 's decisions on "  The Apprentice " were when compared with that of the POTUS . The second ridiculed Trump for what he would allegedly do to the White House if he won : turn it into a garish-looking hotel and spa . And Obama mocked Trump 's obsession with the "  birther " issue by joking that , next , "  The Donald " would focus on topics like "  Did we fake the moon landing ? What really happened in Roswell ? And where are Biggie and Tupac ? " Obama then took on actor Matt Damon , who had been publicly critical of the president . Obama quipped , "  Matt Damon said he was disappointed in my performance . Well , Matt , I just saw ` The Adjustment Bureau , ' so right back atcha , buddy . " At the 2012 Correspondents ' Dinner , Obama took on his then-opponent Mitt Romney : "  I guess Gov. Romney is feeling pretty good about things , because he took a few hours off the other day to see ` The Hunger Games . ' ... It 's a movie about people who court wealthy sponsors and then brutally savage each other until only one contestant is left standing . I 'm sure this was a really good change of pace for him . " Gallery : Obama 's face all over the place And then at the Alfred E. Smith Dinner in New York a few weeks before the most recent presidential election , Obama mocked Romney again : "  Earlier today , I went shopping at some stores in Midtown . I understand Gov. Romney went shopping for some stores in Midtown . " And we even saw it on display again this week when Obama joked with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that he was happy to be in the Middle East because it 's , "  good to get away from Congress . " Clearly , Republican House Speaker John Boehner understood who Obama was targeting with this joke , telling CNN 's Jake Tapper , "  I 'd rather be heckled than ignored . " You can dismiss these as simply jokes , but then you are n't grasping how political comedy works . These jokes are funny but also have a message embedded within . For example , the jokes about Romney intentionally furthered the image Obama wanted to paint of Mitt , namely that he was very wealthy and out of touch with the average person . The change in presidential humor , I believe , can be traced to the influence of "  The Daily Show . " Since 1999 , Jon Stewart has redefined political comedy , using it to entertain , educate and eviscerate . Obama and his joke-writers have simply embraced this style of political comedy to comically undermine critics . Like it or not , those seeking the presidency in 2016 better do more than build a network of fundraisers and supporters . You 'd better work on your comedic barbs , because American politics is becoming the country 's toughest room to play . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah says Obama uses jokes like many comedians do : as weapons He says presidents often make self-deprecating jokes , but Obama 's can be barbed , too He says Obama has aimed at Trump , Romney , Damon like a comic leveling a heckler Obeidallah : Style draws from Jon Stewart , which educates , eviscerates
CNN  -- The commander of Libya 's rebel army was killed in Benghazi along with two senior officers on Thursday , rebel leaders announced just hours after claiming big successes on the battlefield . The death of Gen. Abdul Fattah Younis came after the rebels ' Transitional National Council sought Younis for questioning about military matters and alleged ongoing ties to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , according to what Younis ' supporters told journalist James Hider of the Times of London . Supporters also shot at a Benghazi hotel and smashed its windows . Journalists had been gathered at the hotel for a press conference held by the rebel 's civilian leader who announced Younis was summoned back to Benghazi and was killed along with his two aides under unclear circumstances , Hider told CNN . CNN 's Ivan Watson analyzes the situation in Libya Hider described the events surrounding Younis ' death as "  extremely murky , " but he said the rebel army appeared to be on the brink of a rift . Younis had served as interior minister in Gadhafi 's government until February , when he defected to the Benghazi-based rebel movement . He was killed along with a colonel and a lieutenant colonel , the rebels ' Transitional National Council said in a statement aired on their television network late Thursday . No further details were immediately released . Younis , a onetime general in Gadhafi 's army , told CNN in February that he switched sides after Gadhafi told him he planned to have Benghazi bombed -- a move Younis said would have killed thousands . Rebel forces have been battling to oust Gadhafi since then , aided by a NATO bombing campaign that has targeted government troops under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians . More explosions rocked Tripoli shortly before midnight Thursday  5 p.m. ET  , indicating fresh airstrikes were under way in the Libyan capital . Earlier Thursday , the rebels said their forces had captured five towns and surrounded a sixth in the plains below the Nafusa mountain range , which borders Tunisia . Hundreds of rebels moved from their mountain positions at dawn . With heavier weapons leading the way with lighter armed fighters following , they initially encountered fierce resistance from Gadhafi 's loyalists . Col. Jumma Ibrahim , spokesman for the Military Council for the western mountain region , said several major battles had taken place before the towns were secured . He named the captured towns as al-Ruwais , Takout , al-Jawsh , Bader and al-Ghazzaya , and the surrounded town as Umm al-Far . Ibrahim said rebels were now negotiating with Gadhafi troops inside Umm al-Far . He said four rebels had been killed in the fighting and at least 20 were wounded , while 20 Gadhafi fighters had been captured . The claimed successes come after one of the biggest rebel offensives in recent weeks and , if true , puts the fighters closer to capturing a significant supply route used by Gadhafi forces . Ibrahim said that on the eastern side of the mountains , Gadhafi forces had been shelling rebel-held positions near Beir al-Ghanam and also near Qawalish . Rebel fighters last month suffered heavy casualties in a failed attempt to wrest control of al-Ghazzaya from forces loyal to Gadhafi . Last week , rebel fighters manning hilltops in the western mountains overlooking al-Ghazzaya told CNN that they had been watching the government forces reinforcing their weapon stocks with heavy military machinery and rocket launchers . The United Kingdom on Wednesday recognized the Benghazi-based rebels as Libya 's legitimate government , and the United States recently recognized the council as the country 's "  legitimate governing authority . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague on Wednesday reiterated his stance that Gadhafi could remain in Libya if he leaves power , but added that the best thing would be for him to face justice at the International Criminal Court , which is seeking his arrest . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	"  There 's now a power vacuum within the army , " reporter says The rebel military chief is killed in Benghazi Rebels claim battlefield successes in western Libya
Rome  CNN  -- A Swiss man sentenced in an Italian court to a 16-year prison term in absentia over deaths of about 2,000 workers who prosecutors said were exposed to asbestos will appeal the ruling , his lawyer said Tuesday . Stephan Schmidheiny , the Swiss owner of the fiber-cement firm Eternit , was sentenced Monday alongside Belgian former executive and investor Jean Louis Marie Ghislain de Cartier de Marchienne . The pair were accused of failing to protect workers in the company 's four Italian factories before they were shuttered in 1986 . Schmidheiny 's lawyer , Astolfo Di Amato , told CNN Tuesday that his client did not accept the sentence handed down by the court in Turin , an industrial hub in northwestern Italy . "  The sentence is certainly a setback , we lost the first battle .  It 's  a defeat that we do n't accept and we will present an appeal , " the lawyer said . He said Schmidheiny had invested large sums in the 1970s in restructuring the plants ' production process and had never set foot in Italy . "  The sentence is dangerous because if in Italy we affirm the principle that the major shareholder of a multinational company is responsible for what happens in each peripheral plant , no one will invest in Italy any longer , " he said . Schmidheiny and De Cartier were also ordered to pay a total of â ‚ ¬ 80 million  $ 105 million  to more than 6,000 people , including former workers and residents who lived near their plants . Bruno Pesce , the leader of Italy 's asbestos victims association , said more than 1,500 people attended Monday 's hearing -- including some who were suffering from asbestos-linked illnesses . "  It was a very emotional moment , " Pesce said . "  People were crying because of tension and then of happiness . " Renato Balduzzi , Italy 's health minister , called the sentence "  historic . " The Italian Eternit company was declared bankrupt in 1986 , when the Italian plants were shut down , and the company 's ownership changed in the 1990s . A spokesman for the Swiss Eternit company , Balts Livio , said it was independent from the Italian firm of the same name . "  Neither Eternit  Schweiz  AG nor its owner had or have any relationship with Eternit S.p.A. , Genoa , and thus with the subject of the criminal proceedings in Turin , " Livio said . Asbestos was once widely used as a fireproofing material and was included in roof shingles and siding for decades . Though now banned in Italy and most Western countries , asbestos is still used in developing countries , mainly in China and India . Exposure to its tiny fibers , particularly over a period of time , can lead to asbestos-related diseases that include lung cancer , asbestosis and mesothelioma , according to the National Institutes for Health .	Stephan Schmidheiny will appeal his sentence in an Italian court , his lawyer says Schmidheiny and a Belgian colleague are accused of failing to protect workers from asbestos Schmidheiny 's lawyer says the sentence will deter other big firms from investing in Italy Exposure to asbestos can lead to lung diseases and cancer
CNN  -- Given the privacy concerns swirling around much of our digital activity these days , the idea of handing over one 's fingerprints to Apple via its new iPhone 5S has some people nervous . The phone , which goes on sale September 20 , will feature a fingerprint sensor in its Home button for added security . Users must "  register " their print with the device , after which they can unlock the phone by placing a finger or thumb on the button . The idea is that fingerprints , being unique to each person , augment users ' passcodes to offer an additional safeguard against hackers or thieves . But can we trust Apple or its partners with our fingerprints ? And could n't hackers , those resourceful and relentless probers of digital firewalls , find new ways to trick the phone 's sensor ? The answers , experts say , appear to be : 1  Probably , at least for now , and 2  Yes , although that 's unlikely . "  There should always be some concern with new technologies or functionality that has such a large base of users , " says Joe Schumacher , a consultant for security firm Neohapsis , in an e-mail to CNN . "  The fingerprint reader is more of a sales tactic than a strong security enhancement . "  What still needs to be researched is how this digital fingerprint can be used once it is leaked , hacked or opened up to iCloud . " Prints in the cloud ? Some observers have wondered aloud on Twitter and elsewhere whether Apple , armed with a potential database of millions of thumbprints , might turn over some customers ' prints to the National Security Agency  NSA  if ordered to by the government . After all , Apple was reported to have been a partner in the NSA 's PRISM surveillance program and has acknowledged it hands over user data when mandated by the government . But Apple has said users ' fingerprint information will be encrypted and stored securely inside the phone 's new A7 processor chip instead of on Apple 's servers or backed up to iCloud , the company 's Web-based storage service . Apple also has said it 's not allowing third-party applications to access the scanner -- at least not yet . That 's good news for users ' privacy , experts say -- even amid news reports that the NSA can spy on smartphones . "  Your iPhone knows who you call . It knows where you are . And in the newest versions , it will know your thumbprint . Given revelations about how the NSA can access Apple devices , should you be worried about it having that biometric data ? No . No no no no no no . Come on . No , " writes Philip Bump in The Atlantic . "  Your fingerprint ... is n't traveling anywhere . Is it possible that the NSA could ask Apple to upload a user 's fingerprint from the phone so that it can be transmitted to the agency ? Sure . But that likely would n't be a request that comes through PRISM ; it would probably require a separate warrant . Not impossible , but , given the burden of demonstrating need for a warrant , not as easy as a few keystrokes . " CNNMoney : iPhone fingerprint scanner will start security revolution Fingerprint hacks Then there 's the question of hackers replicating fingerprints to break into phones . "  Fingerprints are not private , you leave them lying around everywhere , and if someone has enough incentive -- and the resources available to them -- they may try to defeat any security system that you trust your fingerprint to unlock , " writes noted security researcher Graham Cluley on his blog . "  One thing is for sure . With the launch of the iPhone 5S , more people will be using fingerprint sensors as part of their daily security than ever before -- and the hackers will be certainly intrigued to see how they might circumvent it , " Cluley adds . Dino Dai Zovi , co-author of "  The iOS Hacker 's Handbook , " told CNNMoney that if he were trying to hack an iPhone 5S , he would first try to lift prints from elsewhere on the device "  and figure out how to replay those to the sensor to log in to the person 's phone . " This is not as hard as it might sound . A decade ago , a Japanese cryptographer demonstrated how to fool fingerprint-recognition systems by transferring latent prints to a "  finger " made from gelatin , the ingredient found in Jell-O and other sweets . It was informally known as the "  Gummi bear hack . " But Apple 's new Touch ID technology is presumably more sophisticated than those old systems . In addition , latent prints may not provide enough of an overlapping match to unlock a phone , says digital-security expert Robert Graham . "  You use a different part of your finger to touch the iPhone sensor than what you use to touch other things , " writes Graham on the Errata Security blog . "  That means while hackers may be able to lift your thumbprint from you holding other objects , or from other parts of the phone itself , they probably ca n't get the tip print needed to do bad things on your iPhone . "  This means the fingerprint databases held by the NSA , FBI , and border security are largely useless at unlocking your phone : they do n't cover the same parts of your fingers , " Graham adds . But there is another potential vulnerability in the iPhone 5S 's fingerprint scans . The Touch ID system also can be used as a secure way to approve purchases from iTunes or the App Store , which makes some security experts uncomfortable . "  If Apple is right that fingerprints never leave the device , that means the new iPhones will be sending some sort of authentication token to Apple servers to verify that the end user has produced a valid print , " writes Dan Goodin in Ars Technica , a CNN.com content partner . "  If attackers figure out a way to capture and replay users ' valid tokens , it could lead to new ways for criminals to hijack user accounts . "	The idea of handing over fingerprints to Apple via new iPhone 5S has some nervous The phone will feature a fingerprint sensor in its Home button for added security Apple : Fingerprint info will be encrypted and stored in your phone , not on our servers Security expert : "  Hackers will be certainly intrigued to see how they might circumvent " system
CNN  -- Teenage golf sensation Noh Seung-Yul has entered the sport 's record books as the youngest player to top the Asian Tour 's money list . The 19-year-old , who won $ 822,361 on his way to becoming the Asian Tour 's No. 1 , was honored for his achievements at an award ceremony in Thailand following the conclusion of the 2010 season . As well as claiming the Order of Merit trophy , the South Korean was also named the Players ' Player of the Year , but was unable to accept the accolades in person after having recently undergone corrective eye surgery . "  I am honored becoming the youngest-ever Asian Tour champion in history , " the world No. 66 said in a video message played at the event . "  It is also special for me to win the Players ' Player of the Year Award as this is nominated by my fellow professionals . " Noh 's season highlights include victory at the Malaysian Open in March and four other top-10 finishes on the Asian Tour , and he did not miss a halfway cut in all of its events that he played . He also made the weekend rounds in two of the three major tournaments in which he gained entry , finishing tied for 40th place at the U.S. Open and equal 28th at the PGA Championship . "  The Asian Tour has done so much in my career and I am thankful for the opportunities that I have enjoyed since coming through from qualifying school in 2008 , " he said . "  My game has become better over the years through the high level of competition and I will continue to represent the tour proudly . " Another qualifying school graduate , Rikard Karlberg of Sweden , was named Rookie of the Year after finishing third in the Order of Merit in his debut season . Japan 's Tetsuji Hiratsuka finished fifth overall on $ 333,000 after winning Sunday 's closing tournament , the Black Mountain Masters in Thailand . The 39-year-old claimed his third title this season as he beat young home hope Namchoak Tantipokakul in the first hole of a playoff in Hua Hin .	Noh Seung-Yul is the youngest golfer to top the Asian Tour money list 19-year-old was crowned Order of Merit Champion at an awards ceremony on Sunday South Korean also named Players ' Player of the Year at season-ending event Malaysian Open winner finished 40th at the U.S. Open and 28th at the PGA Championship
CNN  -- Pat Summerall , the football player turned legendary play-by-play announcer , died Tuesday . He was 82 . He was best known as a broadcaster for teaming with former NFL coach John Madden for 22 years . Summerall also worked for years alongside former player Tom Brookshier and became the voice of the NFL in the 1970s and 1980s , calling most of the league 's signature games . Summerall called games for CBS , Fox and ESPN and worked more than 10 Super Bowls . As a player , he was a placekicker and played 10 seasons for the Chicago Cardinals and New York Giants from 1952 to 1961 . He scored more than 500 points as an NFL player . Summerall died Tuesday of cardiac arrest , said Jeff Carlton , a spokesman for the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center . His powerful and eloquent voice was well-known to thousands of football fans , Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said . "  For a man who could dramatically capture a moment with very few words , " Jones said , "  there simply are n't enough words to adequately describe what he meant to sports and broadcasting in this country . " Jones described Summerall as "  royalty in the broadcast booth . " "  He was respected and admired by players , coaches , commissioners and presidents of our country -- and always a gentleman -- someone who had time for the fans in the parking lot after the game , " he said in a written statement . Fox Sports described Summerall as "  an icon in his profession " and "  the voice that defined the NFL on television for generations of fans . " "  He and John Madden helped give FOX Sports and the NFL on FOX credibility when it launched almost 20 years ago , and for that we 'll be forever grateful , " the statement said . Madden called Summerall a longtime friend . "  We never had one argument , and that was because of Pat . He was a great broadcaster and a great man . He always had a joke . Pat never complained , and we never had an unhappy moment . He was something very special , " Madden said . "  Pat Summerall is the voice of football and always will be . " CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Hospital spokesman : Pat Summerall dies of cardiac arrest at age 82 Fans , friends mourn the football player turned legendary play-by-play announcer Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones says Summerall was "  royalty in the broadcast booth " John Madden : "  Pat Summerall is the voice of football and always will be "
CNN  -- This week , we hosted a renowned expert in HIV/AIDS care currently practicing at a hospital known for serving the poor and vulnerable in New York . It was her impression that there has been a dramatic decline in the number of hospitalized patients living with HIV . Presently , in fact , the hospital is considering closing the service that cares exclusively for these individuals because of the small number of admissions . Those of us involved in the care of individuals with HIV in Atlanta were amazed . At Grady Hospital and the Ponce de Leon Center , which is our outpatient HIV/AIDS clinic , we remain busy seeing newly diagnosed individuals with AIDS , particularly presenting with late-stage disease and afflicted by the classic infections and cancers so common 30 years ago , when HIV was first described . This month , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gave a moving address at the National Institute of Health calling for an AIDS-free generation , and the theme of World AIDS Day on December 1 was "  Getting to Zero . " Recently released data have shown a dramatic 96 % reduction in transmission of the HIV virus between individuals when the infected partner is on antiretroviral therapy , leading to the concept of "  treatment as prevention . " Treatment regimens are simpler : Active medication regimens once exceeded 20 pills daily , yet now a single pill once a day can control the virus . Nearly three dozen medications have been developed and are effective at decreasing mortality and improving quality of life . Mathematical estimates suggest that an individual diagnosed with HIV infection today , while still healthy , can live as long as an uninfected individual . However , the fight is far from over . Although enthusiasm remains high , an effective vaccine is still out of reach . In the absence of a cure , lifelong treatment is required . But perhaps an even more disturbing question remains : Why do our patients in Atlanta resemble those who we saw on the medical wards in the early 1990s or see now in resource-limited settings , moreso than outpatients treated in New York today ? Despite tremendous progress , HIV/AIDS infections in the Southeast continue to rise . Nearly 50 % of all AIDS cases annually are reported from Southern states . Among adults aged 20-24  the fastest-growing age group to become infected  , Georgia has 81.3 individuals with HIV infection per 100,000 population , compared with 58.6 per 100,000 in New York . Several important studies have documented the key risk factors associated with transmission of HIV , and all of them highlight social disparities . In the South , these disparities appear to be the most severe . According to the United Health Foundation 's health rankings , the region ranks lowest in the nation in "  overall health . " Structural and socioeconomic factors play a significant role . Poverty , education and literacy , access to health care , unemployment , homelessness and food insecurity all contribute to poorer health outcomes . A recent study that examined outcomes in patients identified with early HIV infection found that a risk factor for development of AIDS was residence in the South . Furthermore , resources are scarcer for patients in the South . For example , federal support is based on the number of cumulative cases of patients with HIV or AIDS rather than the development of new cases , penalizing states with later epidemics  like the South  and those whose policies did not support early reporting of cases of HIV . Medicaid income eligibility is based on individual state policy . In the South , the income cutoff for eligibility is lower on average than elsewhere and is a fraction of the federal poverty level , leaving many without the ability to access this medical help . State health departments are often poorly funded or organized and do not have the same strong infrastructure and reporting capabilities that have been highly successful in Washington , New York and San Francisco . AIDS drug assistance programs in the South are underfunded , limiting access to life-saving medications for patients . In Georgia , which has the second-longest wait list in the country , patients may be less able to access medications for life-threatening AIDS complications than those in the developing world . Americans often turn a blind eye to the problem of AIDS in the United States . The message has been that the epidemic is nearly over . Even middle-class residents in Atlanta are unaware of the scope of the problem in their own city . There is denial that such striking health disparities can exist in one of the richest nations in the world . This disenfranchised population does not have the same political voice that the organized gay community had in the early days of the epidemic , when FDA drug approval policies were adjusted to help more patients get access to medications faster . Our patients feel stigmatized and are afraid to be seen entering the building where our clinic is located . Yet globally , the devastation from the disease receives attention not bestowed on the epidemic located a few blocks away . We are 30 years into this epidemic . How will we reflect upon the next 30 years ? Will we say that we halted this disease from eliminating an entire generation in Africa ? Will we remind ourselves of how the subcontinent of India was brought to the brink of disaster , only to be diverted by a worldwide effort to prevent and treat infections ? Or will the already-devastated inner-city neighborhoods and poor rural communities across the United States sink into greater despair ? Will we bear the guilt for so many lost lives that could have been saved ? In our opinion , both missions must be addressed , not one at the expense of the other . If an AIDS-free generation is to be realized , then we must not forget the disease within our own borders . Can we watch our neighbors suffer when the medical knowledge exists to change their future ? Facing this challenge is no small feat . There are signs of hope . For example , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has initiated the Enhanced Comprehensive HIV Prevention Planning Project for 12 municipalities , including Atlanta and Miami , for efforts to reduce HIV infections , link patients to care and reduce disparities . Yet this is only a beginning . Basic issues such as poverty , education , housing and safety need to be addressed . State and federal lawmakers must understand that basic health care is a requirement and will require money . One of our patients is a 33-year-old mother infected with HIV . She has taken her medications faithfully since her diagnosis and has been back at work for several years . She wants to raise her children to be happy , healthy and productive members of society . Her work insurance policy recently changed . Now her insurance will cover only one prescription per month  maximum $ 200  . Her regimen requires three medications , which exceed $ 1,500 a month . State support and prescription assistance programs are restricted to those without insurance . She makes $ 1,800 a month , which she must use to pay rent and utilities , and feed and clothe her children . She can no longer afford the medications that keep her alive and give her children a mother . This is a tragedy that we should not be willing to tolerate in a society that values social justice and human rights . Take action now by encouraging your congressional representatives and political leaders to keep their promise on AIDS , increasing awareness in your own community , volunteering and/or giving to charities that support such efforts and sharing words of solidarity and compassion with those people most affected by this disease . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wendy Armstrong and Vincent Marconi .	Nearly 50 % of all AIDS cases annually are reported from Southern states Right now , a single pill once a day can control the virus 96 % reduction in transmission when infected partner is on antiretroviral therapy
CNN  -- High flier Karen Zuckerman has a secret weapon for avoiding the air terminal blues : treating herself to a facial or massage while waiting to board her plane . No , Zuckerman does n't travel with a beauty entourage . She 's just one of many travelers taking advantage of the proliferation of airport spas around the world . President of Maryland-based marketing and advertising agency HZDG , Zuckerman often visits high-end beauty temples like the Mandarin Oriental , Four Seasons and Canyon Ranch . While none of these luxurious spas have opened airport outposts  yet  , plenty of other brands are helping make flying a whole lot more Zen these days . Executive Travel : America 's best spring drives "  An airport spa gives me the ability to multitask and do a little something for myself , " explains Zuckerman , who travels about 30 times per year for work within the U.S. and Europe . Depending on what 's available , she 'll book a facial , massage or quick mani-pedi at whatever terminal she finds herself in . "  When I 'm really stressed and can sneak in a 20-minute neck or back massage , that 's a huge bonus , " she says . Can the ` game-changer ' still live up to its name ? Sunny Kortz of OraOxygen -- whose spas in the Calgary International and Detroit airports attract travelers , airport employees and the odd civilian  the Calgary branch is located pre-security  -- reports that many clients come for combined oxygen/massage treatments . "  The oxygen refreshes your body and mind after a long plane trip , " she says . "  When used together with a massage treatment , people can go energized to that business meeting or trip with the kids . " World 's best airport hotels Whether you 're stuck in transit , quailing at the prospect of boarding a long-haul flight or just whiling away the hours between check-in and takeoff , there are now countless ways to relieve the tension , stress and ennui of traveling before you 've even taken off . Check out our list of terminally fabulous airport spas , from Calgary to Dubai , and prepare to give travel-induced stress a send-off . Timeless Spa Dubai International Airport Emirates -- the first carrier to offer in-flight showers to first-class passengers -- has also brought luxury pampering to its terrestrial hub in Dubai . Three Timeless Spas are located at the airport 's Terminal 3 : one in the Emirates First Class Lounge , a second in the Business Lounge and a third at the Dubai International Airport Hotel . Both lounge spas offer express services like half-back massages , mini-manicures , reflexology and basic hairstyling  including blow-dry , trimming and beard-shaving  at no cost ; for those with more time to spare , the Timeless Spa at the Airport Hotel offers full-body massages , body wraps and anti-aging facial treatments . Executive Travel : Best new carry-on luggage Absolute Spa Fairmont Vancouver Airport Hotel The airport outpost of Canada 's most luxurious hotel chain has a spa offering an array of jet set-friendly treatments -- among them a Pink Grapefruit Jet Lag recovery body wrap and a special massage to reduce foot and leg swelling . All guests  including day visitors  also have access to the spa 's mechanized lap pool , sauna and fitness center -- and can indulge in longer , more luxurious treatments , like a Moor Mud bath , Academy Award face and body spray-tan application or Lomi-Lomi massage to soothe away those travel-induced kinks . World 's 100 best beaches d_parture Spa Newark International Airport Set in Terminal C of Newark Liberty International Airport , d_parture Spa has been created with green principles in mind , using sustainable materials like reclaimed glass , bamboo flooring and eco-friendly products . On the menu are signature treatments designed to quickly lull travelers into a state of serenity , like the pressure point-focused Scalp and Eye Massage that helps relieve sinuses , the Altitude Protection Facial that hydrates and protects skin from air-pressure changes and the half-hour Fly Away Mini Facial . Elemis Travel Spa London Heathrow Airport First and Club World British Airways travelers can partake in quick -- and complimentary -- treatments at the Elemis Travel Spas located in Heathrow 's Terminals 3 and 5 . The spas , designed to provide intensive , targeted treatments in a short amount of time , offer a menu of 15-minute prescriptions for passengers , including facials that target concerns like dehydration and skin clogging , the Musclease Leg and Foot Workout and a Stress-Away shoulder and scalp massage . Executive Travel : World 's most scenic train trips Back to Life Spa Amsterdam Schiphol Airport This airport spa provides travelers with what will surely be their only in-transit opportunity to have a full-body aqua massage  while remaining fully clothed  . The Back to Life Aqua treatment invites clients to recline in a space age-inspired , podlike contraption , where 36 pulsating water jets -- separated from their clients ' bodies by a microfiber film -- simulate traditional hands-on massage . The spa also offers more mainstream stress-busters , like 20-minute chair massages , reflexology foot massages and an oxygen bar that combines 15-minute-long O2 boosts with aromatherapy . Qantas First Lounge Sydney and Melbourne international airports Qantas 's much-ballyhooed Marc Newson-designed lounges at the Sydney and Melbourne airports are havens of tranquility for the airline 's business and first class customers -- but their spas are where the magic really happens . These oases of Nordic-inspired serenity , which feature flowering vertical gardens , blonde wood furnishings and shower suites stocked with Kevin Murphy products , also offer 20 - , 30 - and 50-minute complimentary services that range from eye-firming treatments to full-body massages and intensive hydrating facials . OM Spa Hong Kong International Airport , Regal Airport Hotel Catering to both overnight hotel guests and travelers with time to kill , this full-service spa employs a soothing dÃ © cor of bamboo screens , Thai silk cushions and fresh flowers all of which feel a world away from the bustle of Hong Kong 's airport . The menu of services here includes everything from tamarind body scrubs  ideal for dry skin  to Sabai hot stone massages to jasmine milk baths . For $ 20 , nonguests can have access to the hotel 's gym , steam room and 72-foot outdoor pool , surrounded by massage cabanas . XpresSpa John F. Kennedy International Airport Part of a rapidly growing chain  which includes branches at several U.S. airports and Amsterdam 's Schiphol  , this spa has six separate locations at New York 's main international air hub . As well as offering manicures , facials and massages in layover-friendly sessions , several of the spas dole out longer treatments like hour-long , deep-moisturizing seaweed facials and 90-minute full-body massages . Frequent spa fliers can get a Rewards Club card for discounted services at all XpresSpa locations . OraOxygen Calgary International Airport and Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport To combat the particular malaise that comes from breathing pressurized , recycled cabin air , OraOxygen 's two spas  there are plans to open more in the U.S. , Canada and Asia  offer refreshing boosts of oxygen alongside their menu of facials , nail services and massage treatments . The most popular treatment at both of the modern , light-filled spas is the 60-minute full-body massage combined with a 15-minute oxygen sessionâ $ " truly a breath of fresh air . ora-oxygen . com The Ultimate Transit Haven Singapore Changi Airport A sanctuary within a sanctuary , this spacious spa in Terminal 2 of Singapore 's spotlessly clean , user-friendly airport offers quick fixes for tired travelers  like showers and half-hour foot reflexology sessions  . It also , however , provides an exotic menu of longer , full-body treatments , including Tui Na , and Balinese and Javanese massage . © 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Airport spas offer a range of short and longer treatments Emirates first class passengers may also opt for complimentary basic hair styling The Fairmont Vancouver Airport Hotel has a lap pool and sauna
CNN  -- Remember the good ol' days , circa mid-naughts , when most people 's phones just alerted them of incoming calls and the occasional text message ? After a two-second peek , you knew that you were not in desperate demand , and you were free to slip your cell back into your pocket or purse  or cell phone holster , if you were a huge geek  . You 'd then go back to standing in line , taking in a raucous concert or attending your grandma Bunny 's funeral . Now we 're more stupidly available , and a phone check involves , at minimum , viewing your e-mails , scanning Twitter mentions , perusing blog comments and stalking that dude 's Facebook wall . Even if there 's nothing remarkable in any digi-venue , we keep tapping away -- reading the latest headlines , checking the weather  often , bafflingly , while outside or near a window  or ordering the most darling collectible Hummel set from eBay . You know , the usual . Last year , a study even hinted that fresh bits of info may hook into the brain 's reward system , shedding light on how whipping out your phone is analogous to that whiskey-and-taco bender you went on last weekend .  It just hurts so gooooood . The problem , of course , is that constantly perusing your phone is freaking rude -- a clear signal that your reception is more important than anything going on in the here and now . Get this : 10 percent of people 24 and younger think it 's OK to text during sex , according to consumer electronics shopping and review site Retrevo . That brings a whole meaning to the term multitasking . But unless you 're among that ADD-addled 10 percent , there 's hope for you yet . May we suggest holsterin ' the old communication cannon during the following situations : At a restaurant Putting your phone screen-up on the table is like ordering dessert -- one person does it and everyone else follows suit . Never mind that phones do not belong amidst tableware . As soon as a text pops up or a call comes through , everyone else at the table is trapped in conversational limbo while you have your own digital tete-a-tete . If you must remain imminently reachable , simply make a big show out of it : "  I 'm so sorry to have to keep my phone out . Jess is supposed to get here soon , and I do n't want to miss her . " The others will get the point . Either that , or they 'll stick you with the bill . Do n't worry , you 'll likely be too distracted by Foursquare to notice . On the sidewalk It 's one thing to walk and talk with your phone glued to your ear . Research finds that you 're more likely to get run over while yakking , but hey , that 's a risk you take . However , tucking your chin to your chest and staggering along whilst reviewing your Match.com updates or checking the Facebook RSVP list for your "  America 's Got Talent " viewing party is both stupid  cars !  and obnoxious . It 's all about spatial awareness : Those who walk-n-surf tend to weave to and fro , making them impossible to pass on crowded or skinny sidewalks . Park yourself out of the current and against a wall , finish your phone time and pocket your cell before re-entering the deadened , zombified stream of pedestrian humanity . Special request to those of you who live in subway-arteried cities : I know you 're super eager to breach fresh air and burst into the service zone , but for heaven 's sake , wait until you 've crested the stairs to turn your attention to your mobile . Your slow climb is pissing off scads of already addled public transportation users . One day they will push you to your death , and all those shuffling aforementioned zombies will likely trample you under their distracted soles . When cool stuff is happening Manners aside , here 's the big danger with packing every spare moment with a cybercheck : Eventually , idle but perfectly interesting moments  sitting on a park bench , people-watching at a café  become excuses to busy yourself with your touch screen . Remember that iconic New Yorker cover from last Halloween ? Clever , sure . Terrifying , absolutely . Soapbox , prepare to be climbed : Challenge yourself to go a week without using your data plan . Pretend you 're on vacation overseas and ca n't afford the rate . Turn off Push and Fetch and all the other emphatic verbs that bring inane Facebook updates and new e-mails to your attention like a cat proudly dropping an especially fresh rodent at your feet . Stick to phone calls and texting and check everything else exclusively from a computer . You 'll see passersby , not pixels , when you 're riding in a car ; squirrels , not a screen , when you 're waiting outside to meet a friend . And you 'll make the liberating  albeit depressing  discovery that when you fire up your e-mail again , the world has continued to swivel without your immediate viewage of e-coupons from Suave and that cat video from Uncle Bob . Those are best dealt with when you 're at your desk and supposedly working anyway .	Phones do not belong on the table at restaurants , CNN.com 's netiquette columnists say You 're more likely to get run over while yakking on the phone , research finds Idle but interesting moments have become excuse to busy yourself with your phone Challenge from columnists : Stick to phone calls and texting
CNN  -- While most children wait and hope Santa visits them at home on Christmas Eve , this year dozens of Denver-area children went directly to the big man 's Arctic home turf . The children , many of whom are being treated for serious illnesses or are victims of abuse or homelessness , were flown to the "  North Pole " this holiday season on a Fantasy Flight . The Fantasy Flight program began in 1992 at Washington 's Dulles International Airport , and has since spread to Los Angeles and other airports around the country . Though the destination may be fantasy , the flight is not . Airline employees and retirees volunteer their time , and United Airlines donates the jets . Children are selected from the Make-A-Wish-Foundation , children 's hospitals and various youth social service establishments . At Denver International Airport , this year 's group of kids was greeted by United Airlines ticket agents , who had boarding passes ready to go -- stamped with the code for the kids ' final destination : NTP . After being entertained by a dance group and treated to lunch , the children and their families were escorted through airport security to their gate , where flight attendants and several pilots greeted them with Christmas carols . Once on board the decorated plane , the kids buckled up for takeoff . Rob Fiebig , whose 6-year-old daughter Paige has cancer , was overwhelmed with emotion at the chance to make her Christmas so special . "  This is such a wonderful day , to bring all of these kids together and many of them flying on a plane for the first time . We 're just so grateful , " Fiebig said . His daughter spends one month every year receiving treatment at the Ronald McDonald House . When asked what she was looking forward to the most , Paige responded , "  I 'm just excited to see Santa and Mrs. Claus . " After flying for about an hour , the "  rocket plane " landed at the North Pole , where it was personally welcomed by Santa and all of his helpers . While the adults on board may have thought the scene resembled a huge , decorated airplane hangar , the kids knew better . Singing and cheers filled the plane , and children jockeyed to meet their host . Airbus pilot Capt. Paul Purkey has been at the controls of this particular Fantasy Flight several times and looks forward to taking the kids to the North Pole every year . "  The first time I saw it , it was breathtaking , " he said . "  You have Santa on the hoist , going around the airplane , and the kids are mesmerized by the whole experience . It 's a wonderful adventure . " After finally meeting the man responsible for bringing them so much joy , each child was sent home with a bag of gifts -- one so large many of them needed help carrying it out . Andrea Farley 's younger cousin Grace has Down syndrome . Farley helped Grace lug her presents home . "  It 's really important for them to have this opportunity , " she said on the way . "  These kids will talk about this all year long . "	Fantasy Flight brings kids to the North Pole to visit Santa Kids are sick , or are victims of abuse or are homeless United Airlines employees donated their time to fly to the decorated hangar
CNN  -- IN FOCUS -- Market mayhem Stock markets in the Middle East were subjected volatile external pressures this week in the shape of the U.S. credit downgrade , Europe 's ongoing debt crisis and new fears of a global recession . MME examines the economic reaction across the region . FACE TIME -- Robert Jordan , former U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia After months of silence , Arab leaders this week condemned the ongoing violence in Syria . The ambassadors of Saudi Arabia , Bahrain and Kuwait were all recalled by their governments , while the Arab League issued a statement demanding a halt to all acts of aggression against civilians . MME speaks to the Robert Jordan , a former U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia , about future relations between Syria and the Gulf States . IN FOCUS -- Tripoli under siege From breadlines to fuel shortages , an international blockade of airports and seaports is complicating life for ordinary Libyans . MME investigates how the continuing embargo is taking its toll on residents of the country 's capital , Tripoli . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  GMT  : Fridays : 0845 , 1645 , Saturdays : 0615 , Sundays : 0515 , 1745 , Mondays : 0045	MME analyzes Middle East stock market reaction to global financial volatility Robert Jordan talks about the future of Syria 's relationship with the Arab world Libya MME investigates the impact of the ongoing international blockade on residents of Tripoli
CNN  -- The ancient Chinese were stonewall masters . China not only has the world 's longest fortification , the 21,196-kilometer-long Great Wall , but arguably the world 's longest circular city wall , the Ming City Wall , which was originally 35 kilometers around . The latter stands in Jiangsu 's provincial capital of Nanjing . It 's one of China 's most underrated tourist attractions . Some 22 of the remaining 25 kilometers of the once-inaccessible wall are scheduled to open to the public in August .  Currently , visitors can access only about three kilometers of the wall . The opening coincides with the local government 's preparations for the 2nd Summer Youth Olympic Games  August 16-24  and is part of an effort to snag the Ming City Wall a spot on the UNESCO World Heritage list in 2015 . The wall was built between 1366 and 1386 to protect the founding capital of the Ming Dynasty . "  In the past , the wall was the end of the city , " says Sun Xiaowei , 32 , president of the Nanjing-based urban hiking community , HigKing Group . "  But now it 's the starting point of Nanjing 's culture . It 's the most direct reminder of Nanjing 's eventful history . " Sun recently shared with CNN what he considers the best route to take to get the most out of this generally ignored Chinese treasure . Stop 1 : Zhonghua Gate Located immediately to the north of Qinhuai River , Zhonghua Gate , or the Gate of China , is one of the best preserved and most intricate barbicans in the world , according to Sun . The gate is used as a grand entrance to any tour of the City Wall . It once served as the southern gate of ancient Nanjing , a 15,168-square-meter fortification that contained four layers of defenses , as well as three grand castles , the ruins of which are connected to each other by a wide ring of wall . After paying an entry fee , visitors can view former garrisons , an exhibition about the history and variety of bricks used to build the City Wall . Visitors can also climb up a platform with an impressive view over the Qinhuai River to the south and buzzing downtown to the north . It 's possible to rent a bike and ride atop the wall to Dongshui Guan , a Ming watergate 2.7 kilometers to the northeast . Zhonghua Gate , Qinhuai District , Nanjing ; +86 25 8662 5435 ; open from 8 a.m.-9 p.m. ; RMB 35  $ 5.50 Stop 2 : Dongshui Guan Dongshui Guan , or the East Water Checkpoint , is a 10-minute bike ride along the wall or a 30-minute walk from Zhonghua Gate . The restored compound is the only watergate on the Ming City Wall , according to Sun . In recent years , the gate and its surrounding area have been redeveloped into a 41,500-square-meter public park . "  If you stand on the highest point of the park , you can have a bird 's - eye-view over the whole watergate , " says Sun . "  The busy modern metropolis in the background and the grand checkpoint in the foreground form an interesting contrast . " Dongshui Guan Ruins Park , Dongshuiguantou Road , Qinhuai District Stop 3 : Wu Gate It 's worth sparing an hour to walk northward from Dongshui Guan to Wu Gate . The route passes through some of the widest ancient streets in Nanjing . Yudao Jie street was the exclusive carriageway of Ming emperors -- you 'll find Wu Gate located at its terminus . The stone gate heralds the entrance of the Ming Imperial Palace , which is believed to have served as the blueprint for the Forbidden City in Beijing . The majority of the defunct palace has been transformed into a green space open to the public . The park itself contains a restored gate , an original inner moat , ruins of the Hall of Praying to Heaven and a stonewall with intricate Ming-era carvings of fabled animals . This is a good place for people watching . Nanjing is at its most lively here , with sword-dance performers , chess players and tai chi students filling up every corner . Strangely , the doorway of Wu Gate has become a meeting point for the local saxophone community . On weekend afternoons , you can find dozens of saxophone enthusiasts blasting out mini-concerts in the shadow of imperial power . Wuchaomen Park , Ming Gugong Road , Baixia District ; open 7:30 a.m.-10 p.m. Stop 4 : Jiefang Gate From Wumen , it 's another hour 's walk to reach Jie Fang , or Liberation Gate , a newly built fortress added to the wall in 1952 . Scenery en route includes the crowded commercial thoroughfare Zhujiang Road  good for electronics shopping  , a stretch of Beijing Dong Road  home to the Nanjing City Government  and the imposing Cock-crowing Temple . According to Sun , the gate was added to the wall to facilitate air raid evacuations and traffic between the two sides of the wall . Although it 's newly built , Sun considers the gate a part of the "  longest , tallest and best preserved stretch of the Ming Wall , " which zigzags from Xuanwu Gate to Taiping Gate . The wall terminates next to the Cock-crowing Temple , giving visitors a stunning view toward gilded halls and Buddhist pagodas . Jiefang Gate , Jiming Si Road , Xuanwu District Stop 5 : Taicheng Next up is Taicheng , a five-minute walk on top of the wall from Jiefang Gate . The view from here is breathtaking . On one side lies Xuanwu Lake , a 3.68-square-kilometer refuge in the heart of the city that 's home to best park in Nanjing . Here , locals share their collective passion for speed-walking along the shore . On the other side of Taicheng , decorative Cock-crow Temple and sleek skyscraper Zifeng Tower can be framed within the same photo . The 450-meter-tall Zifeng is the second tallest completed building in mainland China and home to InterContinental Nanjing . The Nanjing History Museum of the Ming City Wall is located inside the Taicheng wall section -- it 's worth a detour for those keen to see more bricks . Taicheng , No. 8 Jiefang Gate , Huanhu Road , Xuanwu District ; +86 25 8321 7200 ; open 8 a.m.-5 :30 p.m. ; RMB 15  $ 2.50 Stop 6 : Heping Gate To find the most complete gate along the Ming City Wall , you 'll need to walk along Xuanwu Lake til you reach the northernmost point of the old Nanjing City , which forms a straight north-south axis with Zhonghua Gate on the southern boundary . Located just to the north of Xuanwu Lake , the fortress , also known as Shence Gate , was a guarded military zone inaccessible to the public for more than seven decades , according to Sun . As a result , Heping or Peace Gate is the only gate of 13 along the Ming City Wall to have a watchtower that predates 1912 , the founding of the Republic of China . The gate was repurposed as a public park in 2006 . The 1,600-meter stretch of wall between Xuanwu Gate and Shence Gate is a key section of the government 's plan to open more of the wall to the public this year . Heping Gate , 8 Longpan Road , Xuanwu District CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy . Shanghai native Tracy You is a former CNN editor and freelance writer now based in London .	Nanjing 's Ming City Wall is one of the most underrated historic sites in China Large portions of the once-inaccessible wall will open to public in August The wall was built between 1366 and 1386
CNN  -- When Michele Maro became captivated by "  The Lord of the Rings " movies , she never imagined she would one day be walking around in the Shire , touring Hobbiton and peeking into hobbit holes . Fans of the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy can tour a New Zealand farm that was used as the setting for Hobbiton . Those are all fictional places , but fans can visit the closest thing possible in New Zealand , where the trilogy was filmed and where specially designed tours will take visitors to some of the stunning locations featured in the movies . Maro , who lives in St. Petersburg , Florida , spent two weeks in New Zealand in 2003 being guided around forests , national parks and farms , exploring sites that she did n't think were real when she first saw them on the big screen . "  The scenery was so pretty that I thought it had to be computer-generated , " Maro said . But the place that moved her most was a serene sheep farm in Matamata , New Zealand , where filmmakers brought to life author J.R.R. Tolkien 's vision of Hobbiton , the hobbit village where Frodo Baggins lives , complete with hobbit holes peeking out of hill sides . "  I just stood there and cried . It was like , ' I ca n't believe I 'm actually here , ' " Maro said . "  I loved the movie so much , and to actually be there where they filmed that , it overwhelmed me . " See iReporters ' film location photos " Sing along with ` The Sound of Music ' Such passion has prompted tour operators all over the world to take fans to sites that have served as settings for blockbusters on the big and small screens . They can be legendary places recognized on their own or seemingly mundane restaurants , houses and street corners that become instantly recognizable when put in the context of a favorite movie or TV show . In London , England , you can visit locations used in movies such as "  Bridget Jones 's Diary " and "  Four Weddings and a Funeral . " When in Rome , Italy , world-famous landmarks like the Spanish Steps , the Trevi Fountain and the Colosseum will make you feel as if you 've stepped right into "  Roman Holiday " and "  La Dolce Vita . " Tours highlighting sites used during the filming of "  The Sound of Music " have many visitors singing with joy in Salzburg , Austria . "  The buses were packed . It seemed to be very popular , " said Kelly Van Baren , a sales manager who lives in suburban Chicago , Illinois . She and her sister watched the musical over and over while growing up , she recalled , and when they visited Munich , Germany , in the fall of 2007 , they made a special one-hour train trip to Salzburg just to take one of the tours . It turned out to be an adventure in itself . A convoy of three huge buses with scenes from the film painted on their sides shuttled mostly American tourists to various sites , including the church where the main characters were married and a gazebo featured during some of the musical numbers , Van Baren recalled . Her favorite site was a majestic palace used as the von Trapp family home in some of the exterior shots . The movie was played on the bus during the tour , and the sightseers were encouraged to sing along , prompting Van Baren to wonder what the locals must think of the visitors . "  It was just hilarious , these three giant buses full of Americans driving around the countryside . It was n't a proud moment , but it was fun , " Van Baren said . Big Apple lures fans Movie and TV fans who want to stay closer to home to explore famous locations have plenty of movie tours to choose from in the United States . New York , which has served as the backdrop for countless films and television shows , offers a wide variety of sites . Seeing them in person for the first time can be shocking , tour operators say . "  Guests are definitely surprised by the appearance of the locations , " said Pauline Gacanja , public relations and marketing assistant for On Location Tours . "  On TV , things generally look larger and more dramatic than they really are . " The company takes about 100,000 visitors a year to dozens of well-known sites around the city by bus , by water taxi or on foot . Buildings used as homes in "  Friends " and "  The Cosby Show " are among the most popular places , Gacanja said . Visitors can also see locations such as the diner used in "  Men in Black " and the firehouse used in "  Ghostbusters , " according to the company 's Web site . But the most popular tour focuses on sites used in the television and big screen hit "  Sex and the City , " Gacanja said . Fans of "  the Sopranos " also have their own tour . "  Seinfeld " aficionados may opt for Kramer 's Reality Tour , offered by Kenny "  The Real " Kramer , the man said to have inspired Jerry 's colorful friend Cosmo Kramer . Stops include the Soup Shop that inspired the "  Soup Nazi " episode and the real Monk 's Restaurant , used for the exterior shots of the diner where the characters hung out . This may be the only tour that tempts visitors with highlights such as "  Visit the office building where Elaine worked for Pendant Publishing , Kramer had his coffee table book published and George had sex , on his desk , with the cleaning lady . " Plenty of movie tours also thrive outside New York , in cities such as San Francisco , California ; Boston , Massachusetts ; and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . For Maro , the experience in New Zealand was so unforgettable , she went again a year later for another look at "  The Lord of the Rings " sites . "  My imagination went wild there . It was so fabulous . It was just a great trip , " she said .	Tours take fans to sites that have served as settings for movies and TV shows "  Lord of the Rings " fans flock to New Zealand , where the trilogy was filmed "  The Sound of Music " tours have visitors singing with joy in Salzburg , Austria Popular tours in New York take fans to "  Sex and the City , " "  Sopranos " locations
London  CNN  -- Singer George Michael has pneumonia and has been forced to cancel at least four shows , his website says . "  He is currently receiving treatment , " the brief statement says . His representative Connie Filippello told CNN the singer was "  on the mend " and "  receiving medication . " She would not disclose information about where or when Michael had contracted the illness . Michael has postponed shows scheduled for this weekend in Cardiff , Wales , after putting off shows earlier this week in Vienna , Austria , and Strasbourg , France . He was also a no-show for a London concert scheduled for October 26 . That concert is now scheduled for May 2 , 2012 , his website says . He said at the time he had thrown his back out . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : Pop star George Michael is "  on the mend , " his representative says The singer has pneumonia , he announces
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The case : routine . One man 's summary of the facts : anything but . Chief Justice John Roberts shows his writing chops in a dissenting Supreme Court opinion . The man in this case is the top man at the Supreme Court , Chief Justice John Roberts , who on Tuesday turned a brief dissent in a criminal appeal into something straight out of a Dashiell Hammett detective novel . He offered his thoughts in a case about whether a police officer 's arrest of a drug suspect was proper . Let Roberts tell the story in his own words : "  North Philly , May 4 , 2001 . Officer Sean Devlin , Narcotics Strike Force , was working the morning shift . Undercover surveillance . The neighborhood ? Tough as a three-dollar steak . Devlin knew . Five years on the beat , nine months with the Strike Force . He 'd made fifteen , twenty drug busts in the neighborhood . "  Devlin spotted him : a lone man in the corner . Another approached . Quick exchange of words . Cash handed over ; small objects handed back . Each man then quickly on his own way . Devlin knew the guy was n't buying bus tokens . He radioed a description and Officer Stein picked up the buyer . Sure enough : three bags of crack -LSB- cocaine -RSB- in the guy 's pocket . Head downtown and book him . Just another day at the office . " The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ultimately tossed out the suspect 's conviction on possession of a controlled substance . Seven of Roberts colleagues rejected an opportunity to fully hear the state 's appeal , prompting his turn at creative opinion-writing . Justice Anthony Kennedy agreed with Roberts ' conclusions , if not his flair for Sam Spade-style rhetoric . Roberts later got serious in his dissent , writing , "  I think the police clearly had probable cause to arrest the defendant . " This is not the first time the 53-year-old chief justice has spiced up his writings with cultural references . In a July dissent in an especially dry case over who can file certain lawsuits , he quoted singer Bob Dylan . Or misquoted him . Amid arcane talk of legal standing and redressability , the youngest member of the high court showed his generational bearings by citing part of the lyrics from Dylan 's "  Like a Rolling Stone . " "  The absence of any right to the substantive recovery means that respondents can not benefit from the judgment they seek and thus lack Article III standing . ` When you got nothing , you got nothing to lose . ' " Roberts then acknowledged the line came from the singer 's 1965 album "  Highway 61 Revisited , " and even helpfully added the record label in parentheses  Columbia Records  . Court historians will note it is very likely the first time a rock lyric was cited in a high court opinion . But in a profession that values accuracy , Roberts got it wrong . The actual lyric on "  Highway 61 Revisited " goes , "  When you ai n't got nothing , you got nothing to lose " -- note the word "  ai n't . " The elusive "  ai n't " has been debated by Dylan scholars . Dylan 's own Web site , bobdylan.com , does not include "  ai n't " in the lyrics . Other references are divided on the issue , and there are certainly recorded versions of the song that do n't include it . But at least on "  Highway 61 Revisited , " Dylan does indeed say "  ai n't . " Perhaps the law clerks provided Roberts with an incorrect citation . Or maybe the chief justice just remembered the line differently from his younger , less stuffy days . The chief justice never explained the reasons behind his literary leanings . He does n't have to .	John Roberts ' opinions show literary flair , include pop culture references Opinion in police search case parroted style of gumshoe mystery He once misquoted Bob Dylan song "  Like a Rolling Stone " in an opinion
Kenyan counterterrorism sources are looking at a Norwegian citizen of Somali descent as a possible suspect in the Westgate mall attack last month , the sources told CNN on Friday . The Norwegian citizen is believed to have ties to Mohamed Abdikadir Mohamed , known as Ikrima , who is regarded as one of the most dangerous commanders in the Somali terror group Al-Shabaab . Norwegian intelligence services are in Kenya investigating Ikrima and the Norwegian citizen , the Kenyan sources said , and have also spoken to the latter 's sister in Norway . Norwegian authorities have not yet released the Norwegian citizen 's name . Kenyan authorities suspect Ikrima of involvement with the Westgate mall attack . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the bloody four-day siege at the upscale mall in Nairobi , where at least 67 people died . U.S. officials said Ikrima was the target of a raid earlier this month by U.S. Navy SEALs on an Al-Shabaab compound near the town of Baraawe in Somalia . It 's believed that he escaped after the U.S. troops came under heavy fire . A Kenyan intelligence dossier seen by CNN alleges Ikrima 's involvement with Briton Samantha Lewthwaite , a terror suspect known as the "  White Widow , " in a foiled Mombasa attack in 2011 with Jermaine Grant , a fellow British citizen currently held in Mombasa on terror charges . Kenyan intelligence sources say that Ikrima , who speaks six languages and grew up in Kenya , is the main "  point person " between al Qaeda in Somalia and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , and that he has helped pinpoint Kenyan targets . Recruiting operatives in the West ? Morten Storm , a former informant who has worked for several Western intelligence agencies , has told CNN that he developed a close relationship with an Al-Shabaab figure called Ikrima between 2008 and 2012 . He said he is confident that it 's the same person who was targeted by U.S. forces . Inside story on an Al-Shabaab commander Storm , who is Danish , described Ikrima as a Somali-Kenyan Al-Shabaab operative who had spent time in Norway . He said that Ikrima made clear to him via e-mail that he was ready to send recruits from the West back home from Somalia to launch attacks . Norwegian journalist Bent Skjaerstad told CNN his sources have confirmed that Ikrima had indeed spent time in Norway and had tried to recruit for Al-Shabaab in Europe . Skjaerstad , who reports on security and terrorism for TV2 , said Ikrima had lived there between 2004 and 2008 . He had failed to gain asylum status but had been given Norwegian travel papers . Skjaerstad told CNN that according to his sources , Ikrima had traveled to Somalia while living in Norway and had used about a dozen aliases . Friends of Ikrima who knew him from his time growing up on the Nairobi suburb of Eastleigh told CNN he traveled to Norway in 2003 and grew increasingly radicalized there . The sources , who had kept up with him over the years , said Ikrima traveled in 2007 to London , where they lost contact with him . In 2008 they heard that he was in Somalia , where he has been based since . Arabic is among the six languages spoken by Ikrima , and he studied French for two years at the Alliance Francais in Nairobi , his friends say . Al-Shabaab in Norway The possible involvement of the Norwegian citizen in the Westgate mall attack has highlighted concerns about the widening reach of the Al-Shabaab group outside Somali borders . Stig Hansen , a security expert based in Norway and author of the book "  Al-Shabaab in Somalia , " told CNN that if the Norwegian suspect is who he believes him to be , he lived in a small town in Norway but had connections with a wider group , not all of Somali origin . He came to Norway at age 8 or 9 and stayed for a couple of years , during which time he gained Norwegian citizenship , Hansen said . He later returned to Somalia . Al-Shabaab became quite popular among some Somali community groups in Norway from 2007 to 2009 , Hansen said , "  because they were wrongly seen as some kind of national resistance group . " Observers noticed contradictions between what the group said in its English - and Arabic-language messaging , he said , which contributed to ignorance within the diaspora about its real nature . "  But the terrorist attacks inside of Somalia made it easier for the wider ethnic Somali community to see that this was really a terrorist organization , and it distanced itself , " he said , making it less popular now . However , this development brought its own problems , Hansen said , and not just in Norway . "  What you have to look out for , also in the United States and the United Kingdom and all these other Scandinavian countries , are these small , small networks that are in one sense detached also from the Somali community leaders -- radicalized groups of youths and radical preachers , sheikhs , that go traveling around the various countries to try to incite , " he said . "  That 's what we have to watch these days . "	A Norwegian citizen of Somali descent is investigated in the Kenya mall attack Kenyan antiterror sources say he may have ties to a suspected Al-Shabaab commander Norwegian intelligence services are in Kenya investigating both men Norwegian authorities have not yet released the Norwegian citizen 's name
CNN  -- The Boston Bruins won their first Stanley Cup in 39 years , defeating the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 Wednesday night in the seventh and deciding game of the National Hockey League 's annual championship . The loss did n't go over well with hundreds of mostly young Canuck fans , who took to the streets and set several overturned vehicles afire a few blocks from Rogers Arena where the game was played . Some fans stopped to pose in front of the flames . Others danced on top of another overturned vehicle . A dull cloud of gray smoke choked some areas of downtown . iReport : Fires , rioting and looting in Vancouver Aerial footage showed Vancouver police wading into the unruly crowd that continually taunted and threw things at the officers . Members of the crowd leaped over one street fire , and officers wrestled several fans to the ground . "  We 're unable to release anything formal at the moment but officers are busy dealing with a few core groups of people bent on committing criminal acts like mischief , vandalism , and fights , " Vancouver Police Media Relations Officer Lindsey Houghton said in a statement . "  We 're working hard to get everyone home safe . " Freelance Journalist Jorge Contreras told CNN that 1,000-2 ,000 people were on the streets in downtown Vancouver , and that six police vehicles had been set on fire . After dropping the first two games in Vancouver , the Bruins took four of the last five games from the Canucks , who struggled to stay in Game Seven after going down 1-0 in the first period . The Bruins blew open the game in the second , after rookie Brad Marchand sprung on a rebound off of Canuck goalie Roberto Luongo to put away his second goal of the match . "  We knew the second goal was going to be huge , " Marchand , the 23-year-old rookie said in a post-game interview . "  It was nice to get that one , and we kept pushing forward after that . " Marchand would finish the game with two goals and one assist . But the game was really decided by Thomas , who polished off his spectacular playoff performance with a Game Seven shutout to take the coveted Conn Smythe trophy . Tim Thomas -- whose unorthodox goalkeeping mystified the Canucks all night -- set the NHL record for most shots faced and most saves in playoff history . He also shattered Johnny Bower 's 1960s record for most saves in a Stanley Cup final . Coming into the series , Vancouver was considered the superior squad on special teams , especially on power plays . But that was n't the case in this year 's Stanley Cup , as Boston put away five power play goals to Vancouver 's two . Vancouver was also outscored 10-0 in the second period . "  We finally brought our game from home on the road , " Zdeno Chara told Team Radio Canada . "  We played physical and took care of the puck , played extremely hard and paid attention to the details . " Patrice Bergeron 's first period goal should have been enough for fans to know the game 's outcome , as the team that scored the first goal won every game in this series . The Bruins now have won the Stanley Cup six times , fourth-most among all NHL franchises , but had n't captured the sport 's most coveted prize since 1972 . They had been to the finals five other times since they last won , but this time marked their first appearance since 1990 . The Canucks have been to the finals three times in their 40 seasons in the league , but have never won . Holding the home-ice advantage , they won the first two games of the series , but lost all three games played in Boston before losing at home on Wednesday . They were seeking to become the first Canadian team to win the NHL title since the Montreal Canadiens in 1993 .	Police move in after Vancouver fans set vehicle afire , throw items Boston overcame a 2-0 series deficit to win its first Stanley Cup since 1972 Vancouver , in its 41st season , was seeking to win its first NHL championship The Bruins now have won six Stanley Cups , making them No. 4 all-time
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg picked up where they left off in Malaysia completing another dominant day for Mercedes at Friday 's practice session in Bahrain ahead of Sunday 's Grand Prix . The pair took the Formula One team 's first one-two for 59 years at Kuala Lumpur 's Sepang 's International Circuit last weekend , and are on course to repeat the feat if Friday 's practice is any guide . Hamilton finished the day top of the standings at the floodlit Sakhir circuit with a best lap time of one minute 34.325 seconds with German teammate Rosberg 0.365 seconds behind . "  The track temperature was 38-40 degrees and then this afternoon was a lot cooler , about ten degrees , so it 's just really not trying to panic and react to the change , " Hamilton told Sky Sports News . "  We struggled a bit on the tires as everyone did . " Rosberg was satisfied with second place and welcomed the new night racing in Bahrain . "  It 's spectacular . Even on track it 's very impressive . It 's good , especially for TV viewers . It 's going to be great to watch , " Rosberg said . "  Visibility wise it 's very similar to Singapore . It 's a bit more difficult in the dark with the glare . " He was also buoyed by the positive update on the health of his compatriot Michael Schumacher . The former F1 star has been in a medically-induced coma for over three months following a skiing accident , but is now starting to have "  moments of consciousness , " his agent Sabine Kehm said Friday . "  It 's fantastic to hear , " Rosberg said . "  I am very happy , as is everybody else in the paddock . We know that his family would be very careful before releasing such good news . I hope he will continue to progress . " The German currently heads Hamilton in the Drivers ' Championship after winning the opening race in Melbourne and coming second behind his British teammate last weekend . Mercedes lead the Constructors ' Championship with 68 points ahead of McLaren who have 43 points with Ferrari currently third . Fernando Alonso confirmed the Italian team 's current overall rank completing the third fastest lap in Friday 's practice , 1.035 seconds behind Hamilton . Red Bull continue to struggle with the new F1 regulations . Daniel Ricciardo and reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel finished 14th and 10th respectively in the first practice before recovering to fourth and seventh under the floodlights in session two . Williams continued their 2014 resurgence with Felipe Massa fifth fastest ahead of McLaren 's Jenson Button . Russia 's Daniil Kvyat steered his Toro Rosso to eighth while Button 's Danish teammate Kevin Magnussen was ninth . Force India 's Sergio Perez completed the top 10 . Qualifying will take place after the third and final practice session on Saturday with the Grand Prix -- the first under floodlights in Bahrain -- starting at 15.00 GMT on Sunday . Read more : Hamilton dedicates Malaysia win to MH370 victims Read more : Schumacher shows ` moments of consciousness '	Mercedes dominate Friday practice ahead of Sunday 's Bahrain GP Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finish top under floodlights at Sakhir Circuit Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel finishes seventh fastest Sunday 's Bahrain GP will take place under floodlights for first time
CNN  -- Actresss Nicole Kidman and country music star Keith Urban revealed Monday that they added a daughter to their family last month . Faith Margaret Kidman Urban is their biological child but she was "  born through a gestational carrier " at The Women 's Hospital at Centennial in Nashville on December 28 , 2010 , according to a statement from the couple 's publicists . "  No words can adequately convey the incredible gratitude that we feel for everyone who was so supportive throughout this process , in particular our gestational carrier , " Urban and Kidman said in the statement . Kidman and Urban , both 43 , already share a 2-year-old daughter , Sunday Rose . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Faith Margaret Kidman Urban was born through a surrogate Urban and Kidman already have a 2-year-old daughter
Sparks flew between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie the first time they worked together . Now Hollywood 's hottest couple will share the screen once again . Pitt and Jolie will co-star in "  By The Sea , " the upcoming drama written and directed by Jolie . The two A-listers have n't appeared together on screen since 2005 's "  Mr. and Mrs. Smith , " where they met and fell in love . The movie was a box office hit , offering audiences a glimpse at the first moments of Pitt and Jolie 's high-profile romantic relationship . At the time , it was the highest grossing film for both actors . Now almost a decade later , the parents of six are co-producing an "  intimate , character-driven drama " picked up by Universal Pictures . "  By the Sea " marks the third time Jolie has taken on the role of director . She is in post-production on Universal 's "  Unbroken , " a drama based on the true story of Olympian and war hero Louis Zamperini , to be released on Christmas . Jolie made her directorial debut with "  In the Land of Blood and Honey , " a love story set to the backdrop of the Bosnian War . The film earned a Golden Globe nomination in 2012 . It 's not the first time the Jolie-Pitts are keeping it in the family by teaming up on screen . Jolie starred alongside her 6-year-old daughter Vivienne this summer . Vivienne played young Princess Aurora in Disney 's "  Maleficent . " Shiloh also had a small part in Pitt 's 2008 film , "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . " Universal has "  created a very special place for storytellers , and I look forward to the continued passion and support they have provided to me as a filmmaker , " Jolie said . Universal Pictures Chairman Donna Langley is equally thrilled to collaborate with the two superstars : "  Angelina and Brad represent two of Hollywood 's brightest talents , " she said , "  and we are excited to be a part of their collaboration on this powerful piece . "	Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt will co-star on screen for the first time in nine years The couple met on the set of 2005 's "  Mr. and Mrs. Smith " Jolie will direct , they both will produce "  By the Sea "
A New York man trying to set a freediving record died Sunday after he surfaced from a depth of more than 200 feet . Nicholas Mevoli , a 32-year-old from Brooklyn , hoped to reach 236 feet  72 meters  with one breath of oxygen and without the assistance of fins . When he surfaced , he flashed the OK sign and then lost consciousness 30 seconds later , organizers said . Mevoli was going for a record at Dean 's Blue Hole in the Bahamas . At 663 feet  202 meters  , it is considered the world 's deepest blue hole in seawater . The 10-day competition brought together 56 divers from 21 countries who took part in a variety of events . Vertical Blue , which puts on the annual event , said it was trying to figure out what happened . "  Competition freediving has an enviable safety record but the sport can never be risk-free , something understood by all freedivers , " it said in a statement . In freediving , divers plunge to depths and resurface using a single breath , shunning breathing equipment such as oxygen tanks . Freediving thrills as worries dissolve For thousands of enthusiasts , freediving offers an experience like nothing else . "  The joy of being in the water , suspended in silence , at that depth , is incredible , " said William Trubridge , who has won more than a dozen world championships . In a CNN iReport , Trubridge described what it 's like . "  There 's a lot of physiological changes that happen , " he said . "  The main thing which is n't experienced in any other sport is what 's called the ` blood shift , ' which is where all the blood is squeezed in from your extremities , and at the same time your lungs are becoming crushed by the weight of the water column above you . So you get blood pooling in the lungs . " "  It 's a mental sport as much as it is a physical one . One of the beautiful aspects of it is that it forces you to be in the moment . It 's almost impossible to be in the water and at the same time contemplating problems . As soon as you get in the water , that all dissolves and you 're just there . " In 2006 , he lost consciousness before getting to the surface . He also lost his sense of taste , which has never returned . There are no clear figures on how frequently deaths and injuries occur . "  The statistics are a bit murky , " Outside magazine reported . "  Some deaths go unreported , and the numbers that are kept include people who freedive as part of other activities , like spearfishing . But one estimate of worldwide freediving-related fatalities revealed a nearly threefold increase , from 21 deaths in 2005 to 60 in 2008 . " Photographer Logan Mock-Bunting , who captured stunning images of a 2012 competition , said that despite dangers , serious freedivers are hardly reckless . They 're followed by safety divers and can be brought back to the surface , where a medical team is on hand . "  Ultimately , it 's the professionalism and constant training of these staff that give the athletes the utmost confidence that they can push their limits and work at top levels , " Mock-Bunting said . "  The system around them is so strong . " The South Florida Dive Journal breaks down the steps to freediving , from lowering your heart rate to gliding "  with virtually no exertion . " "  You begin to imagine the efficiency of function a fish or dolphin must realize with their superior hydrodynamic designs , " the journal says , "  and wonder why you took so long to experience this natural euphoria . " Watch what freediving looks like Freedivers 30 meters under the sea Wingsuit flier Victor Kovats dies after cliff crash horror Photos : Pushing the limits of freediving	Nicholas Mevoli hoped to reach a depth of 72 meters He lost consciousness after he surfaced Organizers are trying to figure out what happened
The North Carolina detective who shot and killed a mentally ill teenager has been indicted by a grand jury on one count of voluntary manslaughter , the Brunswick County District Attorney 's office said in a news release . Bryon Vassey of the Southport Police Department was given until noon Wednesday to surrender . A judge set bail Monday night at $ 50,000 . "  After I reviewed the case I found that a crime almost certainly did take place , " District Attorney Jon David told reporters Tuesday . "  It was a ` bad shoot . ' A grand jury has agreed . " CNN affiliate WECT reported that an attorney for Vassey indicated he planned to issue a statement on Tuesday or Wednesday . Last month , Vassey , through his lawyer W. James Payne , claimed to CNN that he feared one of the other responding officers was in danger . Keith Vidal , 18 , was killed January 5 at his family 's home in the eastern North Carolina town of Boiling Springs Lakes . Three law enforcement officers from three different agencies answered a 911 call asking for police to help in dealing with a schizophrenic man armed with a screwdriver and asking to fight his mother . Family members said the first two were able to calm the situation , but things quickly devolved after Vassey arrived . Within a few minutes , Vidal was dead . None of the officers was injured in the incident . CNN first learned of the shooting through an iReport sent by a family friend .	Bryon Vassey was given until Wednesday to surrender In the past , he has claimed the Keith Vidal was a danger to other officers Vidal killed January 5 after a 911 call said he was having an episode
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Two of Moammar Gadhafi 's sons , who had been reported captured over the weekend , were free early Tuesday as forces loyal to the embattled Libyan leader battled rebels trying to consolidate their hold on Tripoli . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi showed up at the Rixos Hotel , one of the remaining strongholds of pro-Gadhafi forces , in a convoy of armored Land Cruisers . In a brief interview with CNN 's Matthew Chance , he said his father and several of his sisters were safe in Tripoli , and that loyal troops had "  broken the back " of the rebels who moved into the capital over the weekend . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , who is wanted on war crimes charges by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , had been reported captured on Sunday along with two of his brothers . Another of those siblings , Mohammed Gadhafi , was reported to have escaped Monday , according to the Libyan ambassador to the United States . There was no immediate explanation from the National Transitional Council , the rebel leadership that had announced their capture Sunday . The younger Gadhafi said news of his arrest had been a trick by the rebels , and that he had been traveling around Tripoli in his armored convoy the entire time . He said that government forces had lured the rebels into a trap in the capital , and that Gadhafi loyalists "  have broken the spines of those rats and those gangsters . " Luis Moreno-Ocampo , the ICC 's chief prosecutor , had said Sunday that he would seek Saif al-Islam Gadhafi 's extradition following his capture . Asked about the warrant for his arrest , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi told reporters , "  To hell with the ICC . " The rebels had most of Tripoli under their control late Monday , but pitched battles continued at various points around the city and Moammar Gadhafi 's whereabouts remained unknown . Gun battles in the area around the longtime Libyan strongman 's former Bab al-Aziziya compound echoed until after nightfall Monday . "  The real moment of victory is when Gadhafi is captured , " NTC Chairman Mustafa Abdul Jalil told reporters in Benghazi . Gadhafi has held power in Libya since a September 1969 coup . The rebellion against him began in February and has been aided by NATO airstrikes that began in March , under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians . The revolt gained momentum rapidly in the past two weeks , with rebel forces launching their push on Tripoli over the weekend . In a statement to reporters from his vacation on the Massachusetts resort island of Martha 's Vineyard , U.S. President Barack Obama said that while situation remained fluid , it was clear that "  Gadhafi 's rule is over . " "  The pursuit of human dignity is stronger than any dictator , " he said . On Sunday , Gadhafi took to the airwaves several times urging citizens , including women , to fight the rebels -- whom he called "  very small groups of people who are collaborators with the imperialists . " "  Get out and lead , lead , lead the people to paradise , " he said . Under Gadhafi , Libyans lived "  as slaves , " a 23-year-old Tripoli woman , who agreed to be identified only as Noura , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Though Gadhafi is the only Libyan leader she has ever known , his ouster "  will be the best thing that ever happened to me , " Noura said . "  I will thank Allah for every moment I will live without him , without his control and without his sons ' control as well , " she said . If the Gadhafi regime falls , it would follow revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt this year in what is known as the Arab Spring . A spate of other countries in the region -- including Bahrain , Yemen and Syria -- have also seen protests by citizens demanding more freedom and a change in regime . In many cases , these demonstrations have been met with brute force . But pro-Gadhafi forces were still fighting into the early hours of Tuesday . Tracer fire , anti-aircraft guns and artillery could be seen and heard around Zawiya , about 30 miles west of the capital , which was a strategic steppingstone for the rebel advance into Tripoli over the weekend . NATO warplanes flew overhead at times , and ambulances raced through the town after the fighting erupted . Gadhafi 's forces also fired at least three missiles at the rebel-held city of Misrata , east of Tripoli , on Monday evening , the NATO alliance reported . NATO said it had no reports of damage or injuries , but called the launches a "  direct threat to innocent people . " "  Although the surface-to-surface missiles in Gadhafi 's arsenal are highly inaccurate , and are not designed to hit a specific target , they are a weapon of terror , " NATO said . "  Their use against an urban or industrial area is utterly irresponsible . " At least one missile was a Soviet-era Scud , launched from near Gadhafi 's hometown of Sirte , said a U.S. military official who spoke on condition of anonymity Monday evening . NATO forces destroyed another of the missiles on the ground over the weekend , and another of the short - to medium-range missiles was fired at rebel forces last week but exploded harmlessly in the desert , a senior NATO official said . U.S. and NATO officials said they were concerned forces loyal to Gadhafi might stage a last-ditch attack against civilians . Senior levels of NATO were watching closely for any sign of a massing of Libyan government forces or the movement of weapons such as rockets or artillery , said a senior allied official , speaking on condition of anonymity because of sensitive intelligence matters . Former U.S. diplomat Nicholas Burns told CNN that it was "  imperative " that Gadhafi be found quickly and the fighting brought to an end . "  The danger here is that this insurgency could continue , the fighting could continue , as long as Gadhafi believes he 's still in power , " Burns said . The rebels on Monday also arrested Hala Misrati , an anchor from Libya 's state-run television . Misrati had brandished a gun on air over the weekend and said that staffers at the television station were prepared to become martyrs . "  With this weapon , I either kill or die today , " she said Sunday . Rebels said they found her in her car near a coffee shop Monday , and pandemonium ensued when word got out that Misrati had been arrested . Witnesses said Misrati was unharmed but would not be speaking to reporters . A cordon of soldiers quickly formed to isolate her from media representatives , other rebels and gawkers . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Jomana Karadsheh , Kareem Khadder , Raja Razek , Christine Theodorou , Kamal Ghattas , Roba Alhenawi , Holly Yan , Chelsea J. Carter , Josh Levs and Barbara Starr and journalist Mike Mount contributed to this report .	NEW : Saif al-Islam Gadhafi appears at Tripoli hotel after report of capture Another of Gadhafi 's sons is reported to have escaped Sporadic fighting persists in Tripoli as Gadhafi 's whereabouts remain unknown Scud missile fired from Gadhafi 's hometown of Sirte ; target undetermined
Condoleezza Rice , secretary of state under President George W. Bush , traveled 23 times to the Middle East in an ultimately unsuccessful attempt to mediate an Israeli-Palestinian accord . Meanwhile , the Russians invaded Georgia . President Barack Obama 's secretary of state , John Kerry , has shuttled 11 times to the region in search of the same elusive goal . And while American diplomacy was once again focused elsewhere , the Russians invaded Ukraine . Now , in an effort to curb Russia , the United States is pausing from its efforts to forge an Israeli-Palestinian peace to generate international pressure on the Kremlin . But the pivot may prove impossible , as the issues of Russian expansionism and the stability of the Middle East remain dangerously intertwined . Late last year , Obama faced a daunting choice . Retaliate militarily for the use of chemical weapons by Syria and anger a war-weary American public or fail to enforce his own red line and severely damage his credibility . Either way , it seemed , Obama lost . Enter the Russians . As the unswerving supporter of Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad , Russian President Vladimir Putin alone had the leverage to mediate between Washington and Damascus . Through his cooperation , an arrangement was made for shipping al-Assad 's chemical weapons abroad . All sides claimed a victory . And while Syria has so far parted with only a small portion of its chemical arsenal , Obama still cites the agreement as a foreign policy triumph . That success could yet turn sour , however , if Russia backs out of the deal . In reprisal for punitive actions against Moscow , Putin could enable al-Assad to keep his chemical arms and quietly encourage him to use them . Vividly redrawn , Obama 's red line would be flagrantly crossed . The American public would still oppose any military response , and America 's enemies in the Middle East could revel in their newly affirmed impunity . Putin 's ability to exploit the Syria civil war to weaken and embarrass the United States pales beside the damage he can inflict on America through Iran . Russian cooperation has been crucial to maintaining the unity of the permanent Security Council members and Germany -- collectively known by the mathematical name P5 +1 -- in levying heavy sanctions on Iran and reaching an interim agreement on its nuclear program . Held up as an historic achievement by the Obama administration , both the sanctions and the nuclear agreement would be undermined by a Russian decision to pull out of the the P5 +1 framework and embark on a separate course of unrestricted trade with Tehran . While pledging to keep "  all options on the table " with Iran , the United States clearly wants to avoid the use of force . But stripped of all nonviolent alternatives , the U.S. would have to resort to military action to prevent Iran from getting the bomb . Whether in Syria or with Iran , Russia has played its relatively weak strategic hand exceedingly well and is threatening to outmaneuver the United States in the Middle East . Though no longer able to dispatch the great blue water fleet that once challenged American hegemony in the Eastern Mediterranean , Russia is once again asserting its influence in the region . And the reason is simple . While American policy has concentrated on the soft power of mediation -- much of it fruitless -- Russia has invested in the hard power of military assistance and intervention . America has publicly warned that it may not be able to defend the Jewish state from international boycotts related to the peace process . And Washington has disappointed Israelis and Arab Gulf states by easing sanctions on Iran and striking an interim agreement on its nuclear program . Russia , by contrast , stands staunchly behind Syria . America 's allies worry whether they might stand alone . Russia 's allies do not . The advantage , then , goes to Russia . The erosion can only be stopped -- and Russian expansionism checked -- by the reassertion of American preeminence . One way to do that is to aid moderate Syrian rebels . Another way is to emphasize America 's determination to stop Iran from going nuclear by all measures , diplomatic and military , irrespective of Russia 's stand . And America must take steps to restore confidence in its dependability as an ally . This is not the first time that Middle East tensions have been linked to Russian ambitions in the Black Sea . Back in 1853 , competition between Russia and the Western powers in Jerusalem triggered a war over Russia 's control of the Crimea . Britain and France eventually stopped Russia , but only at an immense material and human cost . Today , conversely , the struggle over Crimea could further escalate Middle Eastern conflicts and lead to even greater violence . But that outcome can still be prevented -- not by war , but by reasserting tough American policies in the Middle East , protecting American power in the region and reassuring America 's friends .	Michael Oren : While U.S. focused on mediation in Middle East , Russia acted in Crimea He says Russia has influence with Syria and relations with Iran could upend strategy on nukes Russia has played its cards well , while U.S. risks being outmaneuvered , he says Oren : U.S. should reassert itself in the Middle East and move to protect its allies
The United States might extend a deadline to reach a comprehensive agreement on Iran 's nuclear program , a senior State Department official told CNN . International negotiators in Vienna , Austria , are scrambling to reach a deal by Monday 's deadline . "  It is only natural that less than 48 hours from the deadline we are discussing a range of options , " the official said . "  An extension is one of those options . " Both sides appeared to be pointing to the possibility of yet another extension to the monthslong series of negotiations , whose final outcome is expected to have a lasting effect on Iran 's relations with the West . U.S. President Barack Obama , asked about the deadline in an interview broadcast Sunday morning on ABC 's "  This Week , " did n't reject the idea . "  I think that what we 're going to do is take a look at what emerges over the course of the weekend , " he said . When asked if Congress would approve any agreement with Iran , Obama said , "  I 'm confident that if we reach a deal that is verifiable and assures that Iran does not have breakout capacity , that not only can I persuade Congress , but I can persuade the American people that it 's the right thing to do . " But media in Tehran were skeptical about the deadline . Based on the differences that remain between negotiators , and in light of the limited time remaining , reaching a deal by Monday "  would be impossible , " the Iranian Students ' News Agency reported Sunday , citing an unidentified Iranian official involved in the talks . ` Big gaps ' U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who is in Vienna for the talks , said Saturday that "  big gaps " remained between negotiators . A senior U.S. State Department official on Sunday referred back to those comments but told CNN that "  we are discussing the broad range of issues and we are continuing to take steps forward . " But the progress being made is only "  chipping away " at the issues , the official cautioned . "  The focus of discussions remains on an agreement , but we are discussing both internally and with our partners a range of options for the best path forward , " the official said . The negotiations are between Iran and the group known as the P5 +1 , consisting of Germany , the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov will arrive in Vienna on Sunday evening to participate in the talks , Russia 's state-run TASS news agency reported , citing a source in the Russian delegation . A deal could bring about an end to significant sanctions against Tehran and a warming of relations with the West . The absence of a deal would most likely ramp up tensions and could lead to more punitive measures -- and even confrontation -- over Iran 's controversial nuclear program . Will Congress kill an Iran nuclear deal ? Pressure on both sides Iran insists that like other countries , it has a right to develop nuclear power for peaceful purposes . But Western powers have accused it of trying to develop not just nuclear energy but nuclear weapons as well . The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , who is not part of the Vienna talks , said Thursday that Iranian authorities are continuing to deny his agency access to a sensitive military complex suspected of being a site of nuclear activities . Obama and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani face domestic political pressure to strike a deal . An extension could sharpen opposition both in the U.S. and in Iran . Republicans take control of the U.S. Senate in January and lawmakers have threatened fresh sanctions on Iran if a deal is not reached . Although Obama has the power to veto , just the prospect of additional sanctions could drive Iran away from the table . Rouhani and Foreign Minister Javad Zarif , the lead Iranian negotiator , are under fire from conservatives and lawmakers who were skeptical of the interim deal and have said a final agreement must be ratified by parliament . Earlier this month 200 Iranian members of parliament signed a statement demanding that Iranian negotiators "  vigorously defend " the country 's nuclear rights and ensure a "  total lifting of sanctions . " The senior U.S. State Department official told CNN on Sunday that the Iranians "  still have big decisions that need to be made . " International nuclear watchdog : Iran needs to cooperate	State Department official says extending deadline is an option Russian foreign minister is heading to Austria for the talks , state media report Iranian agency cites unidentified official as saying deal "  impossible " before deadline Both sides appear to leave open the possibility of a further extension beyond Monday
CNN  -- Danica Patrick stunned the watching world at last month 's Daytona 500 when she became the first female driver to claim pole position at any top-division NASCAR race . The American smashed yet another hole in the myth that motorsport is just for men -- and her achievements have not gone unnoticed by Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone , who wants her to challenge the likes of world champion Sebastian Vettel and title rival Fernando Alonso . "  There should be no reason why not , providing that we find a team to take her , " Ecclestone said in an interview with the official F1 website . "  Danica would be good to have with one of the teams now . All the things that people worry about -- whether a woman can cope with the G-forces and all that -- she has proven that she can . "  She 's been there and done it . What I think -- and I can not blame her for it -- is that she will hardly want to give up the exposure she has in the U.S. to come here and maybe not make it . "  I have been looking for a woman for years ! I always thought that this could be a good idea . " Ecclestone said he had discussed introducing women drivers with Dietrich Mateschitz , who owns the Red Bull team that has dominated F1 for the past three years . "  I spoke with Didi Mateschitz some time ago about the issue of an American team and at that time I said that we would want an American woman driver . He seems ready , " the 82-year-old said . Patrick , 30 , is currently enjoying her first full year as a NASCAR Sprint Cup driver after racing open-wheel IndyCars for several years . She is the leading female driver in motorsport , but has not given any indication of moving over to the world of Formula One . The last woman to race an F1 car was Lella Lombardi back in 1976 . The Italian , who drove for March , Williams and RAM , is the only female driver in F1 history to have recorded a top-six finish . More recently , women have been employed as test drivers -- such as Maria de Villota , whose career at the Marussia team was cut short by an accident last year . The Spaniard , the daughter of a motor racing driver , was considered an excellent prospect and was well respected within the Formula One circuit . But her career was curtailed in July 2012 when the MR-01 race car she was driving hit a support truck and left her with serious head and facial injuries , losing sight in one eye . Since de Villota 's accident , Scotland 's Susie Wolff has been grabbing the headlines . The 30-year-old works as a developmental driver for the Williams team -- quite a leap from the eight-year-old who started off go-karting . But she still faces a challenge to follow in the pioneering tire marks of Lombardi and Maria Teresa de Filippis -- the first woman to compete in F1 , racing five times between 1958 and 1959 .	Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone wants more women in the sport The last woman to race an F1 car was Italian Lella Lombardi in 1976 . Susie Wolff is the only female driver in the sport heading into the 2013 season Scotland 's Wolff works as development driver for Williams
CNN  -- Bruce Levenson could n't cut it as a successful NBA owner . His business , the Atlanta Hawks , was failing . He needed a scapegoat , and he blamed African-Americans , his most loyal customer base . Apparently , he forgot those fans are the only group that has stuck by him in spite of the inferior product he 's put on the basketball court since he took over the team 11 years ago . He should be grateful any fans showed up for the games at all . His first mistake , among many , has been forgetting that Hawks have been barely a smidgen above mediocre for as long as any sports fan can remember . Philips Arena is dull ; the overpriced concession food is awful . And no matter what anyone says about "  Hotlanta , " football  college first and then NFL  will always be king in that city . So if you are going to invest in the Atlanta Hawks of the NBA , a league that boasts the highest share of black television viewers , at 45 % -- three times higher than the NFL or NCAA basketball -- and a player roster that is nearly 80 % black , well , then you better have a smart business strategy to keep your core customers happy and attract corporate dollars at the same time . What we know Levenson , it seems , had no winning strategy . The "  self-reporting " bigot seems to have awakened one day , looked around the City of Atlanta  which according to the 2010 census is 54 % African-American and 38.4 % white  and decided that all of his business failures in Atlanta had nothing to do with his own mismanagement of the team . He then sent a racist , ranting email to his business partners , outlining his personal theories about how their failing franchise might be turned around . Levenson has apologized for his tirade and said he will sell his controlling interest in the team . "  I wrote an e-mail two years ago that was inappropriate and offensive , " Levenson said in a Hawks news release . "  I trivialized our fans by making cliched assumptions about their interests  i.e. , hip hop vs. country , white vs. black cheerleaders , etc.  and by stereotyping their perceptions of one another  i.e. , that white fans might be afraid of our black fans  . By focusing on race , I also sent the unintentional and hurtful message that our white fans are more valuable than our black fans . " But I take his apology with a large grain of salt . Though his rambling email was incoherent and ill-advised , in hindsight at least , it reads as though it is the words of a man speaking from his heart . In fact , it turns out Levenson 's decision to sell his interest in the team was triggered by the discovery of his inflammatory email by an outside law firm reviewing the organization , according to CNN reports . In professional sports and in business , winning is everything . Nothing else counts . And when Levenson and his partners realized that the arena was half-empty , the first questions Levenson should have asked are : Will sports fans pay money to watch this team play ? And what are my successful competitors doing to attract more customers ? Well , according to the Hawks website , the average ticket price is $ 103 per game , and the average fan and corporate packages run from $ 599 to $ 4,499 per season . I 'm not sure about Levenson , but I could definitely find a better way to spend my hard-earned cash and my time than driving to an arena to watch a losing team . Levenson 's downtown pro sports neighbors , the Atlanta Falcons , are certainly having no problem thriving in an urban environment where it is necessary to court African-American customers . The Falcons , who have posted five consecutive winning seasons , including four trips to the playoffs , sell out nearly every game , and they do so in part because they intentionally put a smart strategy in place to attract their African-American fanbase . Successful teams across sports in cities like New York , Washington and Los Angeles are using this same multicultural business strategy to run winning franchises . Levenson is now getting undeserved credit for reportedly going first to the NBA to confess that he sent the racist email before it was exposed . The league , to its credit , in the wake of the Donald Sterling disaster , had been vetting other team owners who fostered climates of discrimination and bigotry behind closed doors . Therefore , clearly , Levenson had a compelling reason to come clean about his 2-year-old email . Opinion : Levenson and the Hawks ' real problem Sterling was forced to sell the Los Angeles Clippers over the summer when racist audio recordings came to light . He defended himself then , saying that he was not the only NBA owner to harbor prejudice attitudes . And there 's no arguing that he was right . Despite its leading record in the sports industry on diversity hiring , both on and off the court , the NBA is no stranger to the controversial topic of race in sports . It is ironic that Levenson , touted as a public do-gooder , has missed his own message of tolerance and understanding . This year , he took his NBA team the Holocaust museum in Washington . The players even met Levenson 's mother-in-law , Irene Boyarsky , a concentration camp survivor . Levenson said then : "  Having them come here and having them see the faces of bigotry and hate , it 's important . For them to learn lessons of this museum and of the Holocaust means a lot to me . " Tolerance is a pretty word we like to use . But in real life , it takes courage , humility and commitment to live by it . Whether the topic is homophobia , gender equality or religious intolerance , Levenson certainly is not the first person whose public actions have fallen short of their private hearts . But Levenson 's brand of public hypocrisy is not just morally corrupt , it is bad for business . And the NBA is big business . Thanks to strong leaders like NBA Commissioner Adam Silver and his predecessor David Stern , who have implemented tough love but racial compassion , the league has not only preached but mostly practiced racial tolerance . It 's a smart strategy because without African-American fans , and the talented men who play the game , there is no league . And today , the best companies are looking for a way to diversify and grow their customer base . I say good riddance to Levenson and other NBA owners like him , of which I think there are few . And kudos to Silver and others who are working to root out racist owners . "  As Mr. Levenson acknowledged , the views he expressed are entirely unacceptable and are in stark contrast to the core principles of the National Basketball Association , " Silver said in a statement Sunday . Call me overly optimistic , but I believe that most NBA owners are decent people . And more important , they are shrewd businessmen who understand that in today 's global economy , a company that does n't not have the cultural intelligence to build a diverse customer base will fail . In 1903 , W.E.B. DuBois poignantly wrote in "  The Souls of Black Folk , " "  for the problem of the Twentieth Century is the problem of the color-line . " And today , as America 's face shifts from white to shades of brown , it remains to be seen whether we will ever stop stumbling over that line , fearing the line , hating that line , so we can finally stand together as one strong nation .	Roxanne Jones : Bruce Levenson 's email revealed NBA owner scapegoating blacks She says he thought profits low because too many blacks at games , but team is mediocre Jones : This bigot gets no points for "  self-reporting " ; he 's selling interest under pressure Jones : Levenson touted as public do-gooder but is a hypocrite
CNN  -- Ethiopia 's hopes of making an unlikely appearance in the 2014 World Cup Finals suffered a major setback Sunday as a double from Emmanuel Emenike gave Nigeria a precious away victory in the first leg of their final African qualifier . Ethiopia have been the surprise team in the 10 remaining African national sides bidding for five places in Brazil and dominated against their more illustrious opponents for over an hour in Addis Ababa . But they let the Super Eagles off the hook through poor finishing , with Girma Adane wasting the best chance in the first half . After the break the pattern continued but in the 56th minute they did go ahead in unusual circumstances as Behailu Assefa 's cross was caught by Vincent Enyeama , but the referee ruled it had crossed the line . But the Antelopes were unable to take advantage of their good fortune as Nigeria came more into the match . Victor Moses might have leveled after being put clean through but they were on level terms after Emenike 's shot found its way past Jemal Tassew . In the final minute the home despair was complete as Aynalem Hailu gave away a penalty for a foul and Emenike converted from the spot . Nigeria will need just a home draw in the return leg in Calabar to book their place in Brazil next month . Cameroon are also well placed to join them , holding Tunisia to a goalless draw in the other key qualifier Sunday . They were indebted to goalkeeper Charles Itandj , who was kept busy and kept out good opportunities either side of the break . But Cameroon , with Samuel Eto'o starting after his brief international retirement , also had chances and Pierre Webo may rue his miss from only a few yards out which would have given them a cushion ahead of the return in Yaounde .	Nigeria take 2-1 lead over Nigeria in World Cup playoff qualifier Emmanuel Emenike double gives Nigeria crucial first leg win Draw in return in Nigeria will book place in Brazil next year Cameroon hold Tunisia 0-0 in first leg of their playoff
CNN  -- If someone today argued for laws to legally bar interracial marriage that person would universally be labeled a bigot . But in 1967 when the U.S. Supreme Court in Loving v. Virginia struck down state laws prohibiting interracial marriage , 73 % of Americans still supported them . Did that mean that more than 70 % of Americans at that time were bigots ? No . But there certainly came a time that you were one if you continued advocating for such discriminatory laws . Are we at that point yet with gay marriage ? Is it fair to label a person a bigot simply for arguing that marriage should only be between a man and a woman ? That 's the first issue we discussed in Episode 2 of the new weekly CNN Radio podcast "  The Big Three , " co-hosted by CNN opinion contributors Margaret Hoover , John Avlon and myself . Each week we look at three big issues making news .  For those catching up , our first episode is here . To listen to this episode of "  The Big Three , " click on the Soundcloud audio player on this page . Or you can find us on iTunes . In the new episode , here are the three topics we chose to discuss/fight/yell / joke about : 1 . Are you a bigot if you oppose gay marriage ? Margaret Hoover raised the issue of whether we throw the word "  bigot " around too quickly . She also posed the thought-provoking question : Would we would have called President Obama a bigot a year ago before he embraced marriage equality ? My response is "  Yes " with an asterisk . The asterisk being that I wo n't yet call anyone who opposes marriage equality a bigot simply because they believe marriage should be between a man and woman .  If you demonize gays , than I will call you one now .  But in time , that label will be accurate for those who continue to advocate discrimination . John Avlon , being the centrist that he is , made a very fair point that this is a process and it will take time . 2 . Representative Michele Bachmann being investigated by the Office of Congressional Ethics . Our own John Avlon broke this story in the Daily Beast on Monday . While I disagree with Bachmann on almost every issue , as a comedian I would hate to see her go . She is a less intellectual Sarah Palin , which equals comedy gold . But Margaret Hoover cites actual accomplishments by Bachmann in Congress as a member of the House Intelligence Committee .  I know , Bachmann serving on the Intelligence Committee is irony defined .  So will Bachmann be forced out of Congress , or will she remain in office much to the delight of a few people on the right -- and comedians everywhere ? 3 . Political Zombies . In the past , when politicians were caught in a scandal , they disappeared . But no longer . Today , our disgraced politicians are like "  Jason " from the "  Friday the 13th "  movies . They just keep coming back . Former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford -- who had been caught sneaking away from his state to meet his mistress in South America -- is back and a favorite to win the Republican nomination for Congress in a special election next week . And last week it was disclosed that former Congressman Anthony Weiner -- of Twitter underwear photo fame -- spent more than $ 100,000 on polls to explore running for mayor of New York City . Are we such a forgiving people that they will succeed , as Margaret Hoover believes ? Or is it all part of our reality show mentality that rewards fame , as John and I argued ? We hope you will check out this episode and let us know what you think . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	CNN Opinion podcast features "  Big Three " issues , three commentators Margaret Hoover asks if it 's fair to call opponents of same-sex marriage bigots Dean Obeidallah : Politicians used to disappear after a scandal ; now they live on John Avlon : Michele Bachmann 's political woes complicated by staff turnover
CNN  -- A tsunami advisory has been issued in Japan after a 7.2 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Japan 's main island of Honshu , the Japan Meteorological Agency said Wednesday . The quake was centered 169 kilometers  105 miles  off the east coast of Honshu , directly east of the city of Sendai , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake occurred about 8.8 miles below the earth 's surface , the USGS said . The expected height of the tsunami was only expected to be 0.5 meters  19.6 inches  . CNN correspondent Kyung Lah said she could feel the earthquake in Tokyo , 267 miles southwest of the quake 's epicenter , and said the shaking lasted as long as three minutes , but that there was no significant damage . TV Asahi showed video of boats rocking back and forth , as well as images taken from shaken city cams as the earthquake hit . CNN 's Kyung Lah in Tokyo contributed to this report .	Tsunami is only expected to reach 0.5 meters Quake was centered 105 miles of the coast of Honshu , Japan 's main island Tremor could be felt in Tokyo , 267 miles from epicenter , CNN reporter says
CNN  -- If you sell it , they will come . Prices are expected to grow for Michael Jackson autographs like the one he gave this young fan in 2002 . That 's the hope at least for many offering Michael Jackson related merchandise and memorabilia , including autographed items and domain names , in the wake of his surprising death . Almost 20,000 items were up for sale after his death on the popular auction site eBay , where collectors could snap up everything from the rare to the ridiculous . Among the many T-shirts , record albums , DVDs and posters , there were also magazines about Jackson , dolls and copies of newspapers announcing his death . There were Michael Jackson gloves  sparkly , of course  , masks , wigs , sunglasses and fedora hats . Anyone in the mood for some senior soda could try and win an auction for an unopened six-pack of Pepsi from the 1984 Jacksons world tour . For those seeking to establish Web sites , domain names were available including "  ILoveYouMichael.com , " which was selling for the "  buy it now " price of $ 5,000 . Officials at eBay said that compared with the daily average of the week prior , Thursday 's gross merchandise volume for Jackson memorabilia increased by 275 percent and sold items increased by 210 percent . New listings were up 61 percent , while the average selling price of items had increased by 31 percent . Online merchant CafePress also offered a variety of items , including mugs , "  R.I.P. Michael Jackson " magnets and dozens of T-shirt designs , including one screened with a drawing of tennis legend Billie Jean King and the words "  not my lover . " Some of the hottest items may turn out to be the ones bearing Jackson 's signature . On eBay , bids for what the buyer claimed was a signed Michael Jackson guitar had reached almost $ 1,300 by Friday afternoon . Jerry Ohlinger , owner of Jerry Ohlinger 's Movie Material Store in New York , predicted that although Jackson was generous in giving autographs , the price for a legitimate autograph probably will at least double from the $ 150 to $ 300 range it was prior to his death . "  He would sign autographs whenever he appeared in person , " Ohlinger said . "  For instance , he visited our store at least three times , and he signed autographs for all of the employees . " As a comparison , Ohlinger said , an autograph for the late actress Marilyn Monroe , who also was known to sign a great deal during her lifetime , sells for about $ 5,000 because of great demand . As of Friday , items purported to be autographed photos of Jackson were ranging in price from just over $ 5 to several thousand dollars . There is no way to predict whether there will be a sudden influx in demand for Michael Jackson memorabilia and merchandise , Ohlinger said . All of the hoopla would probably tickle the pop icon , who Ohlinger said was himself a fan of star items . Whenever Jackson would visit Ohlinger 's Manhattan store , he would shop for vintage photos of some of the legendary ladies of cinema , including his very dear friend Elizabeth Taylor , Ohlinger recalled .	NEW : Sold Jackson items on eBay increase 210 percent compared to last week Plenty of Michael Jackson merchandise goes on sale Online auction site ebay boasts thousands of items from T-shirts to soda Memorabilia expert predicts Jackson autograph to at least double in price
The Frisky  -- Matchmaker and dating coach Rachel Greenwald is responsible for 750 marriages , and she does n't believe you will find the love of your life by waiting for him/her to spontaneously appear in line at the grocery store or sit next to you on the subway . Darn . There goes my approach . This Harvard M.B.A. and New York Times best-selling author advocates a better way -- being proactive and approaching your dating life like a job search . Sure , there has to be an intersection of luck , timing , and opportunity , to find love , " she says , "  But you increase your odds when you do something about it . If you have a strategic organized plan , something will come through faster . " So , uh , what should this plan be ? Her new book , "  Have Him at Hello : Confessions from 1,000 Guys About What Makes Them Fall in Love ... Or Never Call Back , " just hit bookstores and has some ingenious ideas for us . I had the opportunity to chat with Rachel and get a singles state of the union . Here 's eight interesting tips I learned . The Frisky : Online dating is making me depressed 1 . The "  no effort mentality " is crazy . We are officially the instant gratification dating generation . If love does n't happen instantly , we 're out of there . But anything worth having takes work . Rachel points out that we are willing to put effort into other things in our lives -- our careers , our friendships , our hobbies , our living space -- but we expect our love lives to come effortlessly . "  You would n't expect to be a CEO in five seconds , " Rachel points out . 2 . It takes a village to find Mr. or Mrs. Right . An important step in working on your love life is letting people know that you 're looking . A lot of us are embarrassed to reach out for help when it comes to finding love . We think it seems desperate to admit that we would like to find someone to spend the rest of our lives with . I 'm totally not talking about myself , by the way . "  The stigma is all in your head , " says Rachel . "  That 's like someone saying ` I 'm unemployed but too embarrassed to find a job . ' " Rachel suggests thinking of all the people in our lives as possible networking opportunities . The Frisky : I slept with your husband and here 's why 3 . Stop asking "  Where ? " Ask "  How ? " Asking a friend , co-worker , family member , or acquaintance where you can meet a great guy is a dead-end question . When you mention in casual conversation to your "  village " that you are looking to meet someone this year , ask "  how . " That way you are enlisting them in your search . "  How ? " is a far more proactive and empowering question . It implies suggestions and solutions . 4 . Get online . There 's no stigma about dating online anymore -- one-fourth of the people who got married last year met online . So , if you do n't already have a rocking online profile ... make one . But Rachel also recommends Twitter as an alternative source . "  Why not throw a Twitter party ? " she suggests . "  Send out a tweet to your friends and tell them that you 're having happy hour drinks on Friday at your favorite bar . Tell them to bring friends . " Rachel 's also a big fan of Meetup.com . "  It 's much more sophisticated then it was a few years ago , " she says . You can search something like "  Singles , New York , film lovers , " and find groups that meet in your area . You can even click through the groups and see mini-profiles and pictures of the members . 5 . Do n't forget about Facebook ! One-third of married people met through introductions by friends . Following that logic , Facebook may be our single most underused resource . "  Treat Facebook like an online dating profile , " says Rachel . "  Take it seriously . If a guy sees a bad photo of you on Facebook or weird things on your profile , he may not give you a chance . " Rachel suggests crafting the image you want to project on Facebook . "  Pick five words that represent you and make sure your Facebook profile reflects those five words , " she says . Once you 're satisfied with your profile , she suggested playing a game she calls "  I Spy a Facebook Guy . " Here 's how it works : Give yourself 10 days to cruise around your friends ' Facebook pages and find 50 guys that you think are interesting . Then scope out their profiles and write them a message . Hey , you already know someone in common . 6 . Married people are a great resource . They know a thing or two about relationships , but more importantly , they know other single people who are marriage-minded . Plus , they 're much more eager to see you settle down than your single friends . The Frisky : Why women should ask men out on dates 7 . You may have tried it all , but have you tried it well ? Trying something once or twice is n't enough . "  Doing online dating with a bad profile picture or going to a singles event and leaving after you scanned the room once is like looking for a job with a poorly written resume or applying for a sales job -LSB- when -RSB- you 're an accountant , " says Rachel . Instead , take a look at what you 've been trying and how , and think of ways to do it better . 8 . It 's OK to outsource . How do we know what we 're doing wrong in our dating lives ? Rachel says that there 's no shame in hiring a dating coach . Hey , we have personal trainers , therapists , and head hunters . Outsourcing is part of our culture -- yet we feel we can tackle the dating thing on our own . Why ? OK , I 'm sold . I will definitely be trying out some of this advice . The Frisky : 5 reasons why moving is good for you TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Rachel Greenwald says your true love wo n't show up on your doorstep Dating coach says you have to go out and look for them She says to use Facebook , Twitter and your married friends as sources Says there is no shame in hiring a dating coach
A district attorney has decided against charges in the case of a police officer who fatally shot a mentally ill man more than a dozen times in Milwaukee . The officer , Christopher Manney , killed Dontre Hamilton during a confrontation in April . The officer says he opened fire when Hamilton grabbed his baton and struck him with it . Manney has since been fired for not following protocols , but he will not be charged . "  I 've come to the conclusion that criminal charges are not appropriate in this case , and I am releasing all of the information related to this investigation so that you , the public , can see all the facts related to this decision , " Milwaukee County District Attorney John Chisholm told reporters Monday . In a report , he wrote that the officer 's use of force was "  justified self-defense and that defense can not be reasonably overcome to establish a basis to charge Officer Manney with a crime . " Chisholm anticipated that some might be upset with his decision and , in fact , protesters took to the streets Monday night . According to local media , the officer is white ; Hamilton was black . "  On a human level , of course it 's tragic . Anytime I have to tell a family that I ca n't bring justice to them when one of their loved ones has died , it 's always tragic . It 's terrible , " Chisholm said . "  The reason that our job is unique is our obligation is not to tell people necessarily what they want to hear . We have to follow our ethical obligations and the law , and sometimes that 's very difficult ... But it 's a privilege to be able to do the job , and we 're committed to doing it the right way , " he told reporters . Following Chisholm 's announcement , the U.S. Department of Justice said that it would conduct a federal civil rights review of the case , which comes amid ongoing protests around race and law enforcement in America . "  There is a lot of media trying to fit this incident into the national conversation , but it is important to note that the individual who was shot was not unarmed . He was armed with the officer 's baton at the time that he was shot , " said Lt. Mark Stanmeyer of the Milwaukee Police Department . Earlier this year in Ferguson , Missouri , a jury decided not to indict Darren Wilson , a white officer who shot Michael Brown , an unarmed black teenager . Charges were also not filed in the death of Eric Garner , a black man , who died in Staten Island , New York , after an officer put him in a chokehold .	Dontre Hamilton died during a confrontation in April The district attorney decides the officer acted in self-defense U.S. Department of Justice to review the case
The open mike I-wish-I-hadn ` t-said-that moment when French President Nicolas Sarkozy called Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a "  liar " and Barack Obama did n't disagree is a tale as old as the hills for American presidents and secretaries of state . For decades , American presidents and diplomats have been locked in uneasy relationships with Israeli prime ministers from the Likud Party . One example : "  Who 's the f -- superpower here , " a frustrated Bill Clinton exploded to his aides after his first meeting with Netanyahu in 1996 . It 's a good thing for Obama that the open mike caught Sarkozy with the ad hominem attack on Netanyahu rather than the president . "  I ca n't stand him . He 's a liar , " Sarkozy said . Obama was heard to say , "  You 're tired of him -- what about me ? I have to deal with him every day , " according to a French website . I 'm sure many people would have loved to have heard more of what Obama thinks . There 's no doubt that Obama is frustrated and angry in the extreme with what he perceives to be Netanyahu 's recalcitrance when it comes to Arab-Israeli peacemaking . Indeed if there was a cartoon bubble over the president 's head , I guarantee you his sentiments would have matched or even exceeded , Sarkozy 's . When it comes to "  Bibi " Netanyahu , our somewhat detached and cool president is hot and very combustible . When Netanyahu was dismissively lecturing the president during their press conference last June in Washington , the look on Obama 's face was somewhere between mortification and raw anger . If looks could kill , we would have had a new Israeli Prime Minister by now . U.S.-Israeli relations on any number of issues are extremely close , even intimate ; and the Iran nuclear challenge will almost certainly make them even closer . But the Arab-Israeli peace issue seems to bring out the worst in both sides , and it has for years now . Kissinger and Rabin went at it in 1975 over a second Sinai disengagement agreement  Kissinger recalled our Middle Eastern ambassadors as part of his so-called reassessment of the U.S.-Israeli relationship  . President Jimmy Carter and Prime Minister Menachem Begin had a huge flap over settlements during the Camp David summit . President George H.W. Bush believed then-Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir misled him on settlements during their first meeting in 1989 ; and the relationship really never recovered . And Secretary of State James Baker wrestled with Shamir as well during the run-up to the Madrid peace conference in 1991 . So Barack Obama is only the latest in a line of frustrated American presidents and secretaries of state . They have had to deal with a close ally who can also be withholding and maddening when it comes to protecting Israel 's political and security interests in a conflict in which they have much more to lose than the American mediator if things do n't turn out right . But President Obama 's Bibi problem is different in several respects from his predecessors -- a fact that all but guarantees that tensions with the Israelis on this issue are not going to subside anytime soon . The 2012 election has kept them in a box . Indeed , the president 's speech at the U.N. General Assembly last month notwithstanding -- more a campaign speech than one that addressed the Israeli-Palestinian issue -- if Obama is re-elected , buckle your seat belts . It 's going to be a wild ride with the Israelis . First , the others -- Kissinger , Carter , Bush 41 , and Baker , unlike Obama  so far  -- all succeeded . Their fights with their Israeli counterparts were productive ; indeed they all had a strategy -- and sufficient will and commitment on the part of Israelis and Arabs to do serious diplomacy . At the end of the day , despite the tensions , everybody went home a winner . Even Bill Clinton managed to hammer out two agreements with Netanyahu , though neither was completely implemented . Second , part of the reason these three succeeded was that despite the toughness and the tension , there was a third "  T " -- a modicum of trust that allowed each side to work with the other in something other than a zero-sum game environment . They built a mutual stake in the other 's success . Former Secretary of State Baker will tell you that he had plenty of struggles with Shamir , but the two worked out a good personal relationship -- no leaks , respecting mutual red lines and so on . President Obama has yet to do that , and neither has Netanyahu . On the Arab-Israel issue , the president believes Bibi is a con man , and Netanyahu thinks the president wants somebody else as prime minister . The president is almost certainly persuaded that Netanyahu is buying time , playing American politics and hoping that the next president is a Republican who wo n't be so focused on pressing Israel on the peace process . If the administration could find a way to engineer regime change in Israel , it would . Indeed , the key folks that deal with the peace process at State and at the White House are veterans of dealing with Netanyahu  Hillary Clinton and Dennis Ross  . They have seen the movie before , and they had hoped not to be in the sequel . Finally , there 's the president himself , who clearly believes he knows best how to run the peace process . Obama does n't just have a Bibi problem , he 's got an Israel problem . Obama is not anti-Israel , but unlike his two predecessors -- Bill Clinton and George W. Bush -- he 's not in love with the idea of Israel . He falls somewhere north of Jimmy Carter on the pro-Israel spectrum and south of George H.W. Bush . Here the president 's coolness and detachment works against him . His early tough rhetoric against settlements and his commitment to fix the peace process whether or not Israel agreed created a pretty rocky foundation for gaining the trust and confidence so critical on the Israeli side , if a president wants them to do politically tough things later . Yes , Mr. President , Israelis can be frustrating . Just ask Kissinger , Carter and Baker . And this Israeli prime minister may simply not be willing or able to do the deal you want him to do . But if there 's any chance of it , you 're going to have to find a better way to deal with him , figure out how to stabilize the relationship and find a better balance than pandering to Netanyahu on one hand or trying to punish him on the other . And in the meantime , stay away from any live mikes .	President Obama did n't object when Sarkozy called Israeli prime minister a "  liar " Aaron Miller says there 's a long history of U.S. presidents clashing with Israeli leaders He says Obama-Netanyahu relationship is worse because there 's no trust Miller : To achieve progress on peace , Obama needs improved relationship with Netanyahu
CNN  -- For the first time , newly released search warrant documents show why authorities began investigating former NFL star Aaron Hernandez as a possible suspect in an unsolved Boston double homicide in July 2012 . The warrant and accompanying eight-page affidavit do not state whether Hernandez is believed to have been directly involved in the drive-by shooting , nor is there a suggested motive . But as CNN has previously reported , a grand jury has been looking into whether Hernandez played a role in the drive-by shooting , according to law enforcement sources . No charges have been filed and authorities have not commented publicly on the investigation . That 2012 shooting is separate from a 2013 killing in which Hernandez is charged and awaiting trial . Hernandez , 23 , was indicted for first-degree murder and weapons charges by a different grand jury in August , 2013 , in the shooting death of his friend Odin Lloyd . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty . The former New England Patriots ' tight end was arrested in late June , 10 days after authorities say Lloyd , a 27-year-old semi-pro football player , was killed in North Attleborough , Massachusetts . The search warrant and affidavit reveal that an anonymous tipster contacted police days after Lloyd 's execution-style shooting to talk about the separate drive-by shooting the previous year . A man who was identified as a security supervisor at a nightclub in Boston tipped off authorities that he "  had knowledge the two incidents were related , " according to the newly released search warrant , which was executed in December . When a dispatcher asked how the tipster knew about two incidents that occurred nearly a year apart , the caller said , "  Someone accidentally spilled the beans on me , " according to the warrant 's affidavit , which did n't elaborate on that point . In the affidavit , a detective wrote that the man had "  very specific details " about a suspicious vehicle with Rhode Island license plates , and information about the date , time , and place of the 2012 double homicide . The man told detectives his source for the information was a patron of the nightclub who he knew as "  B " or "  G. " The affidavit said that , before the tipster 's call , Boston detectives involved in the 2012 drive-by investigation were watching TV news reports when they heard that Hernandez was a possible suspect in Odin Lloyd 's murder . The detectives remembered seeing Hernandez on the nightclub 's surveillance video screened in July , 2012 . These two disparate pieces of information prompted police to take a closer look at surveillance videos already examined , including those from another nightclub , called Cure , and a nearby parking garage , according to the court documents . Judge seizes home of Aaron Hernandez After going back to the surveillance tapes , authorities recognized Hernandez driving a silver Toyota 4Runner into a parking garage just after midnight on July 16 , 2012 , the warrant states . About a half hour later , Hernandez is seen with another man later identified as Alexander Bradley following the soon-to-be victims of the double homicide and two other men as they entered the nightclub Cure about midnight , the affidavit adds . Ten minutes later , "  after consuming two drinks , " Hernandez is seen leaving Cure with Bradley . the document says . At about 2:20 a.m. , a video reviewed by police showed the same silver SUV looping around the block "  at a very slow rate of speed " after the victims leave the club and enter a parking garage , the documents show . A short time later , police said , victims Daniel Abreu and Safiro Furtado , were fatally shot in a 2003 BMW . Two others in the car survived . There is no video of the shooting . One of the survivors told police that just before the gunfire , an SUV was stopped next to them at a red light . According to the documents , another witness came forward on July 19 , 2012 , days after the double homicide . A man told police he and a friend saw a Nissan or Toyota SUV with Rhode Island plates pull next to his car , then run a red light the night of the double homicide . The driver was described as a "  light-skinned Hispanic man with short hair , " the documents state . At the next intersection , the witness said , the same SUV pulled next to a BMW . Then , according to the warrant , the witness heard six quick gunshots , pulled up to the BMW , and saw the wounded men inside . He called police . At the time , Boston police asked the public to be on the lookout for a light-colored or silver SUV but were unable to locate the vehicle with Rhode Island plates . That changed after Lloyd 's murder when the focus on Hernandez as a possible suspect in Lloyd 's death led police to his uncle 's home in Bristol , Connecticut . Who was Odin Lloyd Inside the uncle 's garage , authorities discovered a silver Toyota 4Runner with Rhode Island license plates , according to sources . As CNN has previously reported , law enforcement sources believe it is the same vehicle described in the unsolved double homicide in Boston . The warrant confirms the vehicle is the same SUV given to Hernandez by a dealership return for promoting its business . Police have since recovered a .38 caliber handgun they 've identified as the murder weapon in the unsolved double homicide in Boston . But police have not established a connection between the gun and Hernandez . Hernandez hit with wrongful death suit Alexander Bradley , the man identified by the document and law enforcement sources as being with Hernandez in the club the night of the double homicide , is suing Hernandez for allegedly shooting him in the face last year in Florida after they left a Miami strip club . According to law enforcement sources , Bradley has testified before separate grand juries investigating the unsolved Boston homicides and Lloyd 's murder . However , before Bradley appeared before the grand juries , he was jailed in Connecticut because he failed to show up despite a subpoena . The new court documents state while in jail , Bradley 's calls were routinely recorded . According to the documents , when a correction 's officer listened to the conversations -- five of them in October , 2013 -- he heard Bradley "  discussing details of the Boston homicide investigation . " The affidavit does n't reveal who he was talking to or exactly what was said . Bradley 's attorney did not respond to a CNN call on Thursday . He previously has declined to address any details about his client beyond acknowledging the lawsuit .	Former Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is charged in a 2013 homicide A search warrant reveals now why authorities began eyeing him in a 2012 shooting The search warrant was based on a call from an anonymous tipster In the 2012 double homicide , two men were shot outside a Boston nightclub
CNN  -- Lynette "  Squeaky " Fromme was released from federal custody Friday , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Bureau of Prisons said . Lynnette "  Squeaky " Fromme , left , appears in court in Los Angeles , California , in December 1969 . Fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-President Gerald Ford in Sacramento , California . She was released Friday morning from Federal Medical Center Carswell in Fort Worth , Texas , said Felicia Ponce , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Bureau of Prisons in Washington . Fromme , a follower of Charles Manson , pointed a gun at Ford a year after he became president . Secret Service agents prevented her from firing ; the gun was later found to have ammunition in it , but no bullet in the chamber . In a 1987 interview with CNN affiliate WCHS , Fromme , then housed in West Virginia , recalled that the president "  had his hands out and was waving ... and he looked like cardboard to me . But at the same time , I had ejected the bullet in my apartment and I used the gun as it was . " She said she knew Ford was in town and near her , "  and I said , ' I got ta go and talk to him , ' and then I thought , ` That 's foolish . He 's not going to stop and talk to you . ' People have already shown you can lay blood in front of them and they 're not , you know , they do n't think anything of it . I said , ` Maybe I 'll take the gun , ' and I thought , ' I have to do this . This is the time . ' " She said it never occurred to her that she could wind up in prison . Asked whether she had any regrets , Fromme said , "  No . No , I do n't . I feel it was fate . " However , she said that she thought her incarceration was "  unnecessary " and that she could n't see herself repeating her offense . "  My argument to the jury was , if she wanted to kill him , she would have shot him , " John Virga , a Sacramento attorney appointed to defend Fromme , told CNN recently . "  She 'd been around guns . And let 's be realistic : We know the Manson family , at least some of them , are killers . " See more about Manson 's followers " Fromme was sentenced to life in prison , and parole was an option at the time , although the federal system later abolished it , Ponce said . Inmates do receive "  good time " -- for every year and one day they serve , Ponce said , 54 days are lopped off their sentence .	Fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-President Ford She was in the Federal Medical Center Carswell in Fort Worth , Texas Fromme , 60 , released on parole Friday morning
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Prosecutors will seek the death penalty against three men accused in connection with the July death of former boxing champion Vernon Forrest , officials said Tuesday . Former boxing champion Vernon Forrest , 38 , was shot and killed in southwest Atlanta , Georgia , on July 25 . A grand jury indicted the three suspects -- Charman Sinkfield , 30 ; Demario Ware , 20 ; and Jquante Crews , 25 -- on charges including murder , felony murder , aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon , Fulton County Superior Court spokesman Don Plummer said in a statement . Forrest , 38 , was shot and killed in southwest Atlanta on July 25 . He had stopped at a gas station to put air in his tire , Plummer said , and was robbed at gunpoint of his championship ring and Rolex watch . "  Forrest chased the robber , believed to be Demario Ware , and then lost sight of him as he escaped into a nearby public housing complex , " Plummer said . "  Forrest then encountered the accused triggerman , Charman Sinkfield , not far from the scene of the armed robbery . As he turned to walk away from the man , Forrest was shot seven times . " Crews is accused of being the getaway driver , Plummer said . Forrest was the International Boxing Federation welterweight champion in 2001 , the World Boxing Council welterweight champion in 2002-03 , and the WBC light welterweight champion in 2007-08 and 2008-09 , according to the BoxRec Web site . He was named the World Boxing Hall of Fame fighter of the year in 2002 , the Web site said . A $ 17,000 reward has been offered for the return of the watch and ring , Plummer said . The watch has a black leather band and diamonds , and his championship ring is engraved with his name and four X 's signifying his four championship wins .	Three men accused in July death of former boxing champion Vernon Forrest Charges include murder , assault and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon Forrest , 38 , was robbed , shot and killed in Atlanta , Georgia , after gas station stop $ 17,000 reward offered for return of watch , championship ring taken in robbery
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Opening arguments started Monday in the first case in which a Roman Catholic archdiocese official is accused of covering up evidence of suspected sexual abuse of children . Monsignor William Lynn and the Rev. James Brennan appeared before Common Pleas Judge Teresa Sarmina inside a nearly filled Philadelphia courtroom . The attendees had to pass through a metal detector and surrender all electronic devices before entering the courtroom . Commonwealth prosecutor Jacqueline Coelho told jurors in her nearly hour-long opening statement that Lynn 's role was to protect priests , the church and privacy "  at any cost . " Lynn , dressed in all black and wearing a priest collar , listened intently as Coelho argued that he knowingly covered up incidents of sexual abuse , including alleged acts by Brennan , and "  ignored common sense and placed children at risk . " Lynn , 61 , who served as the secretary for clergy under former Philadelphia Archbishop Anthony Bevilacqua , is charged with endangering the welfare of a child in connection with the alleged assaults . From 1992 until 2004 , Lynn was responsible for investigating reports that priests had sexually abused children . Brennan , 48 , is accused of assaulting a 14-year-old boy in 1996 . Both pleaded not guilty in April . Their defense attorneys were slated to give their opening statements Monday afternoon . Last year , a Philadelphia grand jury report accused the archdiocese of failing to investigate claims of sexual abuse of children by priests . The grand jury report led to the Philadelphia district attorney 's office criminally charging four Philadelphia priests and a parochial school teacher with raping and assaulting boys in their care , while Lynn was accused of allowing the abusive priests to have access to children . Defrocked priest Edward Avery was slated to go on trial with Lynn and Brennan , but he pleaded guilty last week to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and conspiracy to endanger welfare of child , according to court documents . Avery was sentenced to two and a half to five years in prison . He is scheduled to report for his sentence on April 2 . The plea agreement does not require Avery to testify against Lynn . Judge Sarmina advised jurors to "  keep an open mind " and "  not speculate about " Avery 's absence . The Philadelphia scandal could open a historic chapter in the abuse crisis , church watchers say , by changing the way the American criminal justice system deals with church abuse . The charges are unusual because they go beyond accusations against priests and included a church higher-up charged with covering up the abuse , which church experts say has never happened in the United States before . Avery and Charles Engelhardt are charged with assaulting a 10-year-old boy at St. Jerome Parish in Philadelphia in 1998 and 1999 . Avery was defrocked in 2006 . Bernard Shero , a teacher at the school , is charged with assaulting the same boy there in 2000 . Engelhardt and Shero , who pleaded not guilty to sexual abuse and conspiracy charges in April , are facing sex abuse charges and will be tried separately in September . Cardinal Bevilacqua , who died on January 31 , testified 10 times before grand juries in 2003 and 2004 . A final grand jury report said it had no doubt that the cardinal knew about the danger posed by the accused priests and his actions endangered thousands of children in the archdiocese . Bevilacqua served as archbishop of Philadelphia from February 11 , 1988 , to October 7 , 2003 , the archdiocese said in announcing his death . He was elevated to the College of Cardinals on June 28 , 1991 . Lynn would face a maximum of 14 years in prison if convicted of all charges , according to the district attorney 's office . After the release of the January 2011 grand jury report , Cardinal Justin Rigali , who later resigned as Philadelphia 's archbishop , placed Lynn on administrative leave . A total of 23 priests in the Philadelphia area have been placed on administrative leave by the archdiocese , 21 on March 7 , 2011 . The two other priests , who were retired but were allowed to assist in priestly duties , were placed on leave 23 days later . A gag order imposed by a Philadelphia judge remains in effect . It bars all parties involved in the criminal case from talking to the media .	Monsignor William Lynn is accused of covering up evidence of sexual abuse Lynn served as the secretary for clergy under the former Philadelphia archbishop A grand jury report accused the archdiocese of failing to investigate accusations
CNN  -- In 2006 I spoke at TED about developing children 's natural powers of creativity and imagination . Returning to TED in 2010 I wanted to focus on the need for a radical shift in education more generally . Reforming education is rightly seen as one of the biggest challenges of our times . In my view , reform is not enough : The real challenge is to transform education from a 19th century industrial model into a 21st century process based on different principles . Current systems of education are based on the manufacturing principles of linearity , conformity and standardization . The evidence is everywhere that they are failing too many students and teachers . A primary reason is that human development is not linear and standardized , it is organic and diverse . People , as opposed to products , have hopes and aspirations , feelings and purposes . Education is a personal process . What and how young people are taught has to engage their energies , imaginations and their different ways of learning . Learn more about Ken Robinson at TED.com In the talk I gave at this year 's TED conference , I made a passing reference to fast food . Let me elaborate briefly . In the catering business , there are two main methods of quality assurance . The first is standardizing . If you have a favorite fast food brand , you can go to any outlet anywhere and know exactly what you will find : same burger , fries , cola , décor , and attitudes . Everything is standardized and guaranteed . By the way , this "  cheap " food is also contributing to the most costly epidemic of diabetes and obesity in human history . But at least the standards are guaranteed . The other method of quality assurance are the star ratings guides , like Michelin . These methods do not prescribe what 's on the menu , when restaurants should open , or how they should be decorated . They set out criteria of excellence and it 's up to each restaurant to meet them in their own way . They can be French , Mexican , Italian , Indian , American or anything else . They can open when they choose , serve what they like and hire whom they want . In general they are much better than fast food and offer a higher standard of service . The reason is that they are customized to local markets and personalized to the people they serve . Education reform movements are often based on the fast-food model of quality assurance : on standardization and conformity . What 's needed is a much higher standard of provision based on the principles of personalized learning for every child and of schools customizing their cultures to meet local circumstances . This is not a theory . There are schools everywhere that demonstrate the practical power of these principles to transform education . The challenge is not to take a single model to scale but to propagate these principles throughout education so that teachers , parents , students and principals develop their own approaches to the unique challenges they face in their own communities . Standardization tends to emphasize the lowest common denominator . Human aspirations reach much higher and if the conditions are right they succeed . Understanding those conditions is the real key to transforming education for all our children . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ken Robinson .	Sir Ken Robinson : School reform is often a process of mandating standards and uniformity Industrial model for schools provides standards but no room for creativity He says for creativity to thrive , schools must meet individual and community needs
CNN  -- Heavy metal madman and reality TV star Ozzy Osbourne canceled a show in Reno , Nevada , Sunday night due to a "  sudden illness , " the concert promoter said . "  Based on advice from doctors , it is with great regret that Ozzy Osbourne is postponing his show ... at the Reno Event Center , " Chris Martinez with Live Nation said in a statement . "  The multi-platinum Rock & Roll Hall of Famer can not perform ... due to a sudden illness . " The statement did not elaborate on what ailed Osbourne . The concert has been rescheduled for April . The 62-year-old rocker , who occasionally sings with his original band Black Sabbath , has an active solo career and is in the middle of the U.S. leg of his Scream tour , which will also take him to Latin America and Europe . Osbourne gained a new generation of fans in the last decade with his hit MTV reality series "  The Osbournes " that often required subtitles to understand his working class Birmingham , England , accent . Osbourne has sold nearly 29 million albums as a solo artist , according to the Recording Industry Association of America . He is best know for his hits "  Crazy Train , " "  Flying High Again , " and "  Mama , I 'm Coming Home . " During this week 's Super Bowl , Osbourne will appear in a TV ad with teen idol Justin Bieber .	Osbourne is promoting his 2010 release "  Scream " The heavy metal artist has sold 29 million albums Osbourne started in Black Sabbath
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's poll numbers are nothing to brag about , but there 's little evidence he has suffered so far this year a "  Katrina moment " that caused his predecessor 's numbers to plummet . A new CNN/ORC International survey indicates that public opinion of the President has barely budged in the wake of new challenges that Obama has faced this year . According to the poll , which was released Wednesday , the President 's approval rating among Americans stands at 42 % . That 's not great , but it 's basically unchanged since March . Only 42 % believe that Obama can manage the government effectively . Again , nothing to celebrate , but it 's virtually unchanged from the 43 % who felt that way in March . "  When Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans and the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the biggest impact on attitudes toward George W. Bush came in the number who said that he could manage the government effectively . That number dropped 10 points , and no other personal quality measured at that time changed as much , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Using that as a definition of a ` Katrina moment , ' it looks like Obama has not experienced a similar drop in the summer of 2014 , in part because his numbers already took that hit last year and have stabilized since then . " The survey indicates there have been one-to-two point changes  which are within the poll 's sampling error  in the number of Americans who say that Obama is a strong leader , that he shares their values and that he cares about people . "  Once again , those numbers are not good news for the White House , but the clear indication is that the President 's problems pre-date the current immigration crisis along the Mexican border or anything else that has happened this summer , and that those problems have not made things significantly worse for the President , " Holland added . Obama drop started last year Obama 's numbers edged down during the late spring and summer of 2013 following controversies over the Edward Snowden intelligence leaks and congressional investigations into the IRS ' alleged targeting of conservative political groups . Then came October and the politically charged botched rollout of the website for Obamacare , his signature domestic policy achievement . Coupled with legislative setbacks , many pundits labeled 2013 the worst year of Obama 's presidency . And for the first time since taking over at the White House in 2009 , a majority of the public surveyed disapproved of his job performance . Obama 's approval ratings slightly rebounded earlier this year before edging down to their current standing in the low 40s in most national public opinion polling . The release of the new CNN poll comes after the crisis along the southern border dominated headlines for weeks . Prior to that controversy , the scandal rocking the Department of Veterans Affairs was in the media spotlight . The President is also facing two pressing international challenges : the bloody fighting in Gaza between Israel and Hamas , and the shooting down of a Malaysian airliner over a part of eastern Ukraine controlled by pro-Russian separatists . Prior to these two international flashpoints , Obama was dealing with the increased bloodshed in Iraq , the ongoing civil war in Syria , as well as the controversial swapping of five Taliban prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay for the release of a U.S. soldier held captive in Afghanistan . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International from July 18-20 , with 1,012 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	President Obama 's approval rating is 42 % in new CNN/ORC International poll His approval rating stood at 43 % in a poll in March "  President 's problems pre-date the current immigration crisis " CNN polling director says Big drop in Obama 's approval rating happened during 2013
Berlin  CNN  -- Insurers in Germany are not obligated to pay for Viagra or other sexual performance enhancing drugs , the country 's federal social court has ruled . The decision Tuesday stemmed from the case of a man with multiple sclerosis who insisted his insurance company reimburse him for the cost of treating his erectile dysfunction , a potential side effect of the neurological disease . But the court ruled that insurers have no responsibility to pay for any "  quality of life " drugs and that an insurer 's refusal to do so was in no way discriminatory , even if the person in question suffered from an incurable disease . During the proceedings , defendants cited reforms to the country 's health care system that were pushed through in 2004 , under which insurance companies were exempt from paying for medication that primarily treated "  quality of life " conditions . The list included medicines for treating impotence .	A court has ruled that insurers do n't have to pay for sexual performance enhancement drugs A man suffering from multiple sclerosis wanted erectile dysfunction drugs German health reforms in 2004 said insurers do n't have to pay for "  quality of life " medications
CNN  -- Consider Gwyneth Paltrow 's so-called feud with Martha Stewart over and done . In September , it seemed the two women would n't be on the best of terms , what with Stewart telling Net-A-Porter 's Porter magazine that Paltrow should focus less on building her lifestyle brand , GOOP , and stick to acting . "  Paltrow  just needs to be quiet , " Stewart said . "  She 's a movie star . If she were confident in her acting , she would n't be trying to be Martha Stewart . " While those could be taken as fighting words , Paltrow considered them a compliment . "  I 'm so psyched that she sees us as competition , " Paltrow said Tuesday at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit in Dana Point , California , according to People magazine . "  I think that when anybody criticizes anyone , it really is revealing more about where they are in time and space as opposed to where you are in time and space . ... Sometimes I learn good things from criticism . " As for GOOP , Paltrow 's moving full-steam ahead . She 's recently added former Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia exec Lisa Gersh to GOOP 's fold as its new CEO . Brad Pitt , Shia LaBeouf nearly fought with Scott Eastwood	Gwyneth Paltrow reacted positively to choice words from Martha Stewart Paltrow : "  I 'm so psyched that she sees us as competition " Stewart previously said Paltrow should "  just be quiet "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The corruption trial of former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert ended Tuesday with a mixed verdict . Olmert was found guilty of breach of trust , but was acquitted on two corruption-related charges . The allegations stemmed from 2002 to 2006 , when Olmert served a second term mayor of Jerusalem and held several cabinet posts under then Prime Minister Ariel Sharon . Prosecutors accused Olmert of double-billing government agencies for travel , taking cash from an American businessman in exchange for official favors and acting on behalf of his former law partner 's clients . Israeli political heavyweights publicly spar over Iran policy "  The court decided that I breached trust . I honor the decision of the court , and will learn the lessons from this , " Olmert said outside the courtroom . "  I want to remind you that the court said that there were procedural problems -- not corruption , I never got anything . I acted in a way which was counter to procedure . I honor that , and take it to my heart . " He said nothing about his political future and thanked his lawyers for their work . But Olmert still faces legal trouble as one of 16 suspects charged in the ongoing Holyland corruption trial , which involves developers who allegedly paid bribes to senior Jerusalem municipal officials in exchange for expedited approval of permits for a construction project . Olmert became prime minister in 2006 after succeeding Sharon , who suffered a massive stroke . He announced his resignation in August 2008 after Israeli police recommended that he stand trial . Olmert : Right-wing U.S. cash killed my peace plan He left office after a new government took power in March 2009 . Earlier this year , Olmert told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that millions of dollars from the "  extreme right wing " in the United States helped oust him from government and derailed a peace plan with the Palestinians . In 2008 , Olmert sought a "  full comprehensive peace between us and the Palestinians " -- a two-state solution based on the 1967 borders . But the plan was never realized , and Olmert was forced from office accused of corruption . He had denied the allegations . "  I had to fight against superior powers , including millions and millions of dollars that were transferred from this country  the United States  by figures which were from the extreme right wing that were aimed to topple me as prime minister of Israel . There is no question about it , " Olmert told CNN . Pressed to name names , Olmert replied : "  Next time . " CNN 's Elise Labott and Michal Zippori contributed to this report .	Ehud Olmert says he will "  learn the lessons " from his conviction Olmert remains a suspect in the unrelated Holyland corruption trial He is convicted of breach of trust and acquitted on two corruption-related charges Those allegations stemmed from his time as mayor of Jerusalem
CNN  -- Phone and tablet owners used to spend most of their time surfing the Web . Now they 're using apps , according to data from Flurry Analytics . A year and a half ago , mobile users tended to spend considerably more time -- an average of 64 minutes per day -- using the Web browser on their phone or tablet . By comparison , they spent only 43 minutes per day in apps . Now mobile users now spend an average of 94 minutes per day using apps , but just 72 minutes browsing the mobile Web , according to Flurry 's report , which was released earlier this month on the company 's blog . This does n't necessarily mean mobile users are spending nearly three hours per day looking at their phones . Flurry 's Web and app statistics came from different sources . But , overall , we do appear to be spending much more time looking at our phones than we used to . What 's driving the growth in time spent in mobile apps ? According to Flurry , consumers are using their apps more frequently . That is , the number of daily sessions is growing , although the duration of those sessions is not . Flurry predicts that smartphone users will continue to spend even more time proportionally with apps vs. the mobile Web -- and in fact , from June to December 2011 , they observed that average daily time spent on the mobile Web decreased slightly . "  Users seem to be substituting websites for applications , which may be more convenient to access throughout the day , " the report said . Why is the mobile Web holding our attention less ? According to Flurry , it might be because Facebook 's app is so popular . "  This drop appears to be driven largely by a decrease in time spent on  Facebook 's mobile website  . In June 2011 , the average Facebook user spent over 33 minutes on average per day on the  mobile  website . Today , that number is below 24 minutes . ...  Mobile users  are increasingly accessing  Facebook and other  online services through mobile applications . " Once Facebook is factored out of those statistics , Flurry notes that average time spent elsewhere on the mobile Web actually grew by about 2 % in the same time frame . It 's worth noting that Flurry is not a disinterested party here . This company sells mobile application analytics and an advertising platform that can be incorporated into mobile apps . Advertisers are very interested in the amount of time that people might be exposed to their ads . But the mobile Web , mobile browsers , and the nature of mobile apps are changing fast . More and more sites are being built using the latest Web markup language , HTML5 , which gives websites more app-like features . For instance , HTML5 supports geolocation , makes Web forms easier to fill out on your phone , supports coding scripts that enable custom features , and it also loads multimedia elements faster in Web pages . Consequently , more and more mobile apps will actually be delivered through the mobile Web browser -- making them Web apps . Want to see this in action ? Visit YouTube or Twitter via the Web browser on your phone or tablet . You 'll see a lot of conspicuously app-like functionality . In November Adobe announced that it was finally abandoning development of Flash for mobile browsers , and refocusing on HTML5 for delivering interactive features and video -- the death rattle of a long struggle in which Apple resisted letting Flash run on its iOS mobile operating system . With this turnabout , many designers began converting Flash-based websites  especially ad-supported ones  to HTML5 . The rise of HTML5 mobile Web apps could also eat into profits from today 's leading app marketplaces . HTML5 Report noted , "  The mass migration to HTML5 will eliminate the need to rely on companies like Apple and Google , which take up to 30 % of all revenues generated from applications . " That 's a powerful financial incentive for app developers , digital publishers , and online services to start deploying more Web apps . There 's another bonus : "  Native " apps are built to run on a specific platform . That 's why so many apps come in separate versions for the iPhone , Android and other mobile platforms . Building , updating and supporting all those separate pieces of software is fairly expensive and complex . But HTML5 is inherently cross-platform -- which means you build it once and it can run on any mobile device with a sufficiently advanced browser . And of course , users must download and install most native mobile apps in order to run them on their device . That 's a considerable hurdle -- only one in four mobile apps really engages mobile users , and 26 % of all apps downloaded are opened only once and then never used again . With HTML5 Web apps , users do n't have to download , install , launch or update anything . It just runs . So apps as we have come to known them are in the midst of a radical change . Whether the rise of HTML5 will lead mobile users to start spending more time with their browsers than native apps remains to be seen -- but for many mobile users , and for many apps , that distinction may start to become irrelevant . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Phone , tablet users now spend an average of 94 minutes per day using apps People are using apps more frequently even though they 're not spending more time The drop in Web traffic appears to be largely driven by Facebook 's app
CNN  -- Money might not grow on trees , but what if it fell from the sky ? That 's the awesome scenario described by Bolivian authorities who say they seized more than $ 1 million this week after a white bag was tossed from an airplane in Santa Cruz . Anti-drug police first noticed a person signaling a plane , the Interior Ministry said in a statement . The money was thrown out as the aircraft flew low . Interior Minister Carlos Romero characterized the operation , which took place Sunday , as a major blow against drug trafficking . It foiled attempts to set up a drug factory , he said in a statement . Bolivia is one of the world 's largest producers of coca , the raw ingredient in cocaine . Three people were "  captured , " and authorities also seized weapons and vehicles , the Interior Ministry said . An investigation is ongoing .	Three people were "  captured , " and authorities also seized weapons and vehicles Interior minister characterizes the operation as a major blow against drug trafficking Bolivia is one of the world 's largest producers of coca , the raw ingredient in cocaine
Beijing  CNN  -- I was at the last public speech by the former U.S. ambassador to China Gary Locke . During the Q & A session , a Chinese student asked the outgoing ambassador to compare the Chinese dream and the American dream . The ambassador said he did n't know much about the Chinese dream , so he talked instead about the American dream . Like Americans , the Chinese people also have their dreams -- a powerful country , a good education , a happy family , or a bountiful harvest . Yet the dreams of the ordinary Chinese have never been articulated as powerfully and eloquently as the American dream , until Xi Jinping came into power . OPINION : China 's awkward ` banana ' slip Xi first mentioned the term "  the Chinese dream " during his tour of an exhibit at the National Museum of China in November 2012 , shortly after he became leader of the Chinese Communist Party . That exhibit is called the Road to National Rejuvenation , and Xi said the Chinese dream is the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation . Then on March 17 , 2013 , Xi fully spelled out his thoughts about the Chinese dream in his first public speech as the newly elected president of China . "  The Chinese dream is the dream of the whole nation , as well as of every individual , " he said . "  The Chinese dream , after all , is the dream of the people . We must realize it by closely depending on the people , and we must incessantly bring benefits to the people . " Publicity campaign After his speech , the Chinese dream has entered the daily discourse of both the Chinese government and the ordinary Chinese , thanks in no small part to the government 's massive publicity campaign . There were countless speeches , contests , essay competitions , scholarly conferences , and TV shows that had the Chinese dream as the central theme . If there had been a contest for the most popular Chinese phrase in 2013 , the Chinese dreams would probably have won the title . Apart from nationwide publicity , there are other reasons why the Chinese dream has become a household phrase . It is much less elusive than Mao Zedong 's Thoughts , Deng Xiaoping 's Theories , Jiang Zemin 's Three Represents , or Hu Jintao 's Harmonious Society ; it is a term that can be understood by any Chinese . Besides , who does n't have dreams ? Thus it easily resonates with the Chinese people . Finally , Xi promised to realize the dream by depending more on the people and bringing more benefits to them . Thus Xi 's dream , at least in its rhetorical form , is a dream for the people , by the people , and of the people . Who does n't like such a dream ? Reforms And Xi meant what he said , at least in one area and that is corruption , the most urgent issue facing the Chinese community party . He has launched an unprecedented crackdown on corruption , and 20 high-ranking officials -- vice-minister level and above -- have been investigated or punished within a little more than year . He also signed two documents -- Eight Regulations and Six Bans -- that have significantly improved bureaucratic efficiency and sharply reduced public expenses on receptions , overseas travel , and vehicle purchases . Because of Xi 's tough campaign , China 's entertainment businesses , particularly top-end restaurants , clubs , and hotels , have suffered enormous losses , over which the ordinary Chinese are rightfully gloating . Rampant corruption , be it bribery , buying and selling offices , illegal land grabs , or abuse of power , is certainly the biggest scourge of China today , leading to rising discontent and unrest as well as declining public trust in government . Most importantly , corruption seems to have made it increasingly difficult for the ordinary Chinese to have their dreams come true . Restoring confidence China is becoming economically and militarily much more powerful , and the average Chinese is living a much better life . Yet at the same time more and more Chinese seem to have lost faith in the government and the future of China . A prosperous and powerful China should be a land of opportunities for its people , but actually it appears to have become a land of anger and despair for an increasing number of Chinese . Thus Xi 's articulation of the Chinese dream and his campaign against corruption can be viewed as the first steps by the new Chinese leadership to restore public confidence in the party and the government . Thus far , his policies have won enthusiastic support among most Chinese , and Xi has become arguably the most popular leader since Deng Xiaoping . If the dreams of the ordinary Chinese today -- like those of their ancestors in ancient China -- depend on the good luck of having a sage leader , however , that means China is still under the rule of man , not rule of law . When that leader steps down , or if that leader makes disastrous decisions , the dreams of the Chinese people will be in jeopardy . With immense popular support at the moment , President Xi should initiate institutional reforms that empower every Chinese to have dreams and to have those dreams come true . These reforms will not only set China on a path of sustainable political and economic development , but also enable the Chinese people to be truly proud of the Chinese dream , just as Americans are proud of the American dream . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tao Xie .	March 14 marks one year since Xi Jinping was officially appointed China 's president After Xi 's first presidential speech , the "  Chinese dream " became a household phrase Xi 's campaign against corruption can be seen as the first steps to restore public trust , says Xie Xie says reforms will enable all people in China to be truly proud of the Chinese dream
CNN  -- Venezuela expelled Israel 's ambassador to the country Tuesday and accused Israel of attempting to carry out "  genocide " against the Palestinian people . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez called the Israeli army "  cowards . " "  In this tragic and indignant hour , the people of Venezuela manifest their unconditional solidarity with the heroic Palestinian people , share in the sadness that overcomes thousands of families through the loss of their loved ones , and extends to them a hand by affirming that the government of Venezuela will not rest until it sees those responsible for these criminal atrocities severely punished , " the Venezuelan foreign minister said in a statement read by an anchor on state television . The statement added that the government "  condemns strongly the flagrant violations of international law " by Israel and "  denounces their planned utilization of state terrorism . " "  For the above-mentioned reasons , the government of Venezuela has decided to expel the ambassador of Israel and some of the personnel of the Israeli Embassy in Venezuela , " it added . In a news conference broadcast by state-run Venezuelan television , President Hugo Chavez blasted the Israeli military . "  They are cowards , " he said . "  It 's as though a boxing professional were to come here and challenge you to box . Well , how courageous ! How courageous is the Israeli army ! " It said that Chavez "  makes a fraternal call to the Jewish people throughout the world to oppose these criminal policies of the state of Israel that recall the worst pages of the history of the 20th century . "  With the genocide of the Palestinian people , the state of Israel will never be able to offer its people the perspective of a peace that is both necessary and long-lasting . " Mark Regev , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , was unswayed . "  I have n't heard the details yet , but you know the regime in Venezuela has been one of the few countries in the world that gives automatic support to the Iranian extremists , and it does n't surprise me that they have affinity with groups like Hamas and Hezbollah , " he told CNN . He predicted that other countries would not follow suit , even in the Middle East . "  I think , even in the Muslim and Arab countries , there is a fair amount of understanding for what Israel has had to do here , " he said .	Expulsion is in protest of Israeli strike against Palestinians , minister says Venezuelan government statement condemned "  flagrant violations " by Israel President Hugo Chavez calls Israeli army "  cowards " Israeli spokesman says Venezuela has given "  automatic support " to extremists
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Moroccan man wanted for links to the Madrid train bombings in 2004 was brought to Spain from France on Wednesday , a Spanish police statement said . A photograph showing Moroccan-born suspect Said Rehou . The suspect , Said Rehou , 27 , born in Casablanca , Morocco , allegedly held indoctrination sessions for Islamic militants at his former Madrid home , the statement said . "  Various individuals who participated in those meetings later were implicated directly or indirectly in the Casablanca attacks of 2003 and the March 11 , 2004 , attacks in Madrid , " the statement said . The Madrid train bombings -- coordinated attacks on four morning-rush commuter trains -- killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 . Spanish courts have convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the Madrid bombings , along with four Spaniards , the latter for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . Seven other prime Islamic suspects killed themselves in an explosion as police closed in on their hideout in a Madrid suburb three weeks after the bombings . The Casablanca bombings in May 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers . Rehou is wanted in Spain for belonging to a terrorist group , and is thought to have formed part of a cell created in Spain in 2002 , with the aim of recruiting fighters to carry out attacks in Morocco , Spain and other countries , the police statement said . The meetings at his home lasted six to eight hours , with the screening of videos that included sermons and scenes promoting holy war , the statement said .	Suspect Said Rehou allegedly held indoctrination sessions Madrid bombings killed 191 people in March 2004 Casablanca bombings in 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers
CNN  -- U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur suffered another early Wimbledon exit as she crashed out to unseeded Dutch player Arantxa Rus on Wednesday . The fifth seed 's surprise exit means there are no Australian players remaining in either singles championships at the grass-court grand slam . Defeats for Lleyton Hewitt , Bernard Tomic , Matthew Ebden and Marinko Matosevic meant Australia were left without a player in the men 's second round for the first time in 1938 . Rus 's 6-2 0-6 6-4 win meant Stosur joined Casey Dellacqua , Ashleigh Barty , Anastasia Rodionova and Jarmila Gajdosova in making a hasty exit from the women 's draw . Rus , ranked 72nd in the world , had never won a match in the main draw before this year 's championships . She will next face China 's Peng Shuai , who reached the fourth round last year . "  I 'm very happy with this win , especially on the grass , " said the 21-year-old , who beat former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters at the French Open last year and reached the fourth round in Paris this year . Chinese 11th seed Li Na was another grand slam winner to exit early , losing 6-3 6-4 to Sorana Cirstea . The Romanian 's reward for beating the 2011 French Open champion was a third-round clash with Russian 17th seed Maria Kirilenko . Meanwhile , Heather Watson became the first UK woman to reach the third round for 10 years . The 20-year-old walked on to Centre Court wearing headphones and deep in thought , but was soon tuned into the home crowd 's enthusiasm for a British player . She cruised to a 6-1 6-4 win over American Jamie Lee Hampton to move past the second-round stage of a grand slam event for the first time and set up a clash with Polish third seed Agnieszka Radwanska . "  I always knew I could play this well , that l 'd get far in these tournaments , but it 's different playing like that in practice from bringing it onto the match court at big occasions with pressure , " said Watson , who lost in the first round last year and in 2010 . Radwanska went through with a 6-2 6-1 demolition of Russia 's Elena Vesnina , who knocked out five-time champion Venus Williams in the opening round . German 15th seed Sabine Lisicki lost the first set to Serbia 's Bojana Jovanovski before recovering to win 3-6 6-2 8-6 . A semifinalist last year , Lisicki will next face American debutant Sloane Stephens . The 19-year-old Stephens , who reached the fourth round at the French Open , followed up her opening win over Karolina Pliskova by beating another Czech , 23rd seed Petra Cetovska , in three sets . Japan 's Kimiko Date-Krumm , the oldest player at the tournament at 41 , lost 5-7 6-3 6-3 to Ukraine 's Kateryna Bondarenko in her first-round match . Bondarenko will next play Serbia 's former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic , the 14th seed . But French Open finalist Sara Errani made it through to the second round without having to hit a ball on Wednesday . Her match with Coco Vandeweghe was halted by rain on Tuesday , with Errani standing at match point . When they resumed on Wednesday , the American twice served into the net to double fault and secure a 6-1 6-3 victory for Errani . Top seed Maria Sharapova , who beat Errani in the Paris final , will resume her second-round match against Bulgaria 's Tsvetana Pironkova on Thursday . The Russian battled back from 5-2 down against the 2010 semifinalist to lead 7-6  7-3  3-1 when play was halted due to bad light .	U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur loses to unseeded Dutch player Arantxa Rus at Wimbledon Defeat leaves Australia without a player in either singles championships Heather Watson becomes first British woman for 10 years to reach third round Italy 's Sara Errani completes first-round win without hitting a ball
CNN  -- The sense that a deadly tragedy could get worse hangs over the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . Scattered bodies , ripped-apart suitcases and charred books testify that 298 people died Thursday when the airplane fell from 30,000 feet to the grassy fields of an almost-lawless section of eastern Ukraine . More than 24 hours after the crash , the bodies lay there untouched , with nobody able to say who 's in charge and whether the dead would ever be treated with dignity . "  It basically looks like the biggest crime scene in the world right now , guarded by a bunch of guys in uniform with heavy firepower who are quite inhospitable , " Michael Bociurkiw , spokesman for the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe team , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . The bodies are starting to decompose in the Ukraine summer heat , the stink mixing with the charred odor coming from the wreckage . Surrealistic signs of death carpet the countryside . Some on the Malaysia-bound plane were dressed in sandals , shorts and other clothes people wear on a tropical vacation , said Noah Sneider , a freelance journalist who visited the crash site . At one spot he noticed a printout of the top 10 tourist tips for people visiting Bali . Some passengers , he said , died strapped into their seats wearing headphones , as if listening to music or watching an onboard movie . Emergency workers say they 've found more than 170 bodies across a wide area , some caught up in large pieces of the aircraft , others simply lying where they fell . Some bodies are mangled so much it 's impossible to say if they 're man or woman , others show no marks or injury . In the darkness , it 's not hard to stumble across a body . The region is controlled by pro-Russian militants , who gave a rude reception Friday to monitors on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe team . They were in the region to observe the war and are n't air crash investigators . "  We asked for the commander , the leader , " Bociurkiw told Amanpour . "  No one showed up . "  There was one gentleman there in a uniform , heavily armed , and apparently somewhat intoxicated who was n't very hospitable or helpful at all . In fact in the end he kind of rushed all of them away , including the journalists . " Bociurkiw said the team spent only 75 minutes at the crash site and examined only a 200-meter strip before being chased away . In the distance , he heard explosions , a familiar sound in this region ripped apart by war . "  The perimeter is not secure whatsoever , " Bociurkiw said . "  They seemed to have put some tape up where we were standing , but otherwise it 's very easy for anyone , really , to walk in there and tamper with evidence or debris . So a lot of work needs to be done . A lot of professional work , very , very quickly . " In the United States or other Western nations , law enforcement would have put the crash site off limits to the morbidly curious right away . In east Ukraine , reporters walked right up to pieces of wreckage to do stand-up reports . A small crew of emergency workers from the Ukraine government arrived and began working on the scene , but they need more people and resources to properly handle a crash that killed 298 people . They 're obviously working with the permission of the militants . At night the groups mingled , seemingly without hostility , and even shared tents . Meanwhile , the world is watching . The clock is ticking . "  It is cool right now , " Bociurkiw said , "  but if it 's a warm day tomorrow , it will continue to turn into quite a messy situation . " Jason Hanna of CNN contributed to this report .	Bodies , wreckage are scattered over eastern Ukraine countryside Some people bound for Malaysia died in vacation clothes , reporter says Bodies are starting to decompose in the heat Heavily armed pro-Russia militants control the crash site
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- The Oscar-nominated film "  Gravity " traces the harrowing tale of astronaut Ryan Stone after a mission goes horribly wrong . She 's lost in space and struggles to try to make her way back to Earth . "  Gravity " is just a film . Imagine a similar real-life scenario : Would there be any chance of survival ? That 's a concern for the General Authority of Islamic Affairs & Endowments , or GAIAE , the United Arab Emirates ' religious watchdog , for anyone who wishes to travel to Mars . The GAIAE has issued a fatwa , or an official Islamic ruling , to warn Muslims against a Mars mission . So far , the UAE has supported space travel . Abu Dhabi 's Aabar Investments teamed up with Richard Branson 's Virgin group to create Virgin Galactic to provide spaceflights for tourists , starting this year . But a mission to Mars , it seems , is one step too far . Tourist trips to the Moon by 2043 ? The mission is being planned by the Dutch nonprofit foundation Mars One . In April 2013 , it announced its ambitions to establish a human settlement on the Red Planet by 2025 . But the GAIAE likens the journey to a suicide mission . On the authority 's free 24-hour hotline , the issue was deliberated by the center 's specialized muftis , or scholars , who released the following statement : "  It is not permissible to travel to Mars and never to return if there is no life on Mars . The chances of dying are higher than living . " Taking one 's life willingly is against Islamic principles . In response , Mars One issued a statement asking the UAE 's Islamic authorities to cancel the fatwa , saying every precaution would be taken to reduce the risk to life . "  If we may be so bold : the GAIAE should not analyze the risk as they perceive it today , " the statement says . "  The GAIAE should assess the potential risk for humans as if an unmanned habitable outpost is ready and waiting on Mars . Only when that outpost is established will human lives be risked in Mars One 's plan . " The statement includes a verse from the Quran that "  encourages Muslims to go out and see the signs of God 's creation in the ` heavens and the earth . ' " It goes on to say the first Martian settlers would walk in the footsteps of great Muslim explorers like Ibn Battuta , the 14th century Moroccan journeyman whose travels took him across North Africa , the Middle East and Asia . Indeed , space travel is n't alien to Muslim culture . There have been Muslim space explorers in the past . 200,000 people apply to live on Mars The first ever Muslim space tourist was Saudi Arabia 's Prince Sultan bin Salman Al-Saud , when he joined the crew of American space shuttle Discovery in 1985 . In 2006 , Anousheh Ansari became the first Iranian-born woman in space . And to help Muslims observe religious obligations in space , the Malaysian government has been instrumental in setting up guidelines . In 2006 , Malaysia 's national space agency Angkasa convened a conference of Islamic scientists and scholars to address the religious obligations of Muslim astronauts . The result was a detailed set of rules called "  A Guideline of Performing Ibadah  worship  at the International Space Station  ISS  . " It tackles a number of issues , like the number of times a Muslim should observe daily prayers , when a day lasts just 90 minutes in orbit . Mars One says 1,058 candidates have been shortlisted for the mission , from pool of more than 200,000 applicants around the world . It 's not clear how many Muslims are among the candidates , but Mars One says applications came from 107 countries . Since its inception in 2008 , the GAIAE has released nearly 2 million fatwas . The fatwa on the Mars mission is now among them . Opinion : Why I signed up for a one-way trip to Mars	The United Arab Emirates ' religious watchdog warns Muslims against a Mars mission It says the journey , which is n't scheduled to return , is like a suicide mission Taking one 's life willingly is against Islamic principles Mission organizers issue a statement asking the Islamic authorities to cancel the fatwa
CNN  -- A mine exploded Monday on a road in southern Somalia , killing four people -- three members of the medical humanitarian group Medecins Sans Frontieres and a journalist . Ongoing violence in Somalia has devastated the capital Mogadishu . The incident occurred Monday along a road in Kismayo , the group said . Victor Okumu , 51 , a Kenyan doctor ; Damien Lehalle , 27 , a French logistician ; and a Somali driver named Billan were the MSF workers who were killed . Another member of the team was slightly wounded , the group said in a posting on its Web site . "  The exact circumstances of this fatal incident are not yet clear , " the posting said . Also killed was journalist Hassan Kafi Hared , 36 . The remote-controlled mine erupted as he was walking to a news conference in Siyad Village in northern Kismayu , said the National Union of Somali Journalists  NUSOJ  . He was working for the government-run Somali National News Agency and a Somali Web site called gedonet.com . He is survived by a wife and three children . "  This is a targeted attack and we declare that this brutal killing on the journalist and the aid workers is an attack on the society itself , " said NUSOJ Secretary General Omar Faruk Osman , in a news release . "  We demand that transitional government and the authorities in Kismayu to identify the culprits of this crime and bring them to justice " he said . The medical humanitarian organization said it was evacuating remaining international members of it staff from Kismayu . Hared is the second journalist to be killed this year , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . The first , 38-year-old Norwegian reporter Carsten Thomassen , died Jan. 15 in a suicide bomb attack in Kabul . In a written statement , a representative of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon said he condemned the killings and "  demands a thorough investigation by the authorities . " E-mail to a friend	Journalist and two doctors were among those killed Remote-controlled mine went off in southern Somalia Somali driver also died in the attack Journalist is the second to die in conflict situation this year
CNN  -- It 's no secret that Bolivian President Evo Morales is not a fan of the U.S. government , and at the U.N. General Assembly he took his complaints to a wider audience , calling for action against the Obama administration . "  I want to propose ... that we think seriously about constituting a ` Tribunal of the People ' with international bodies and the large defenders of human rights to begin a lawsuit against the Obama government , " he said on Tuesday . Earlier this month , the Bolivian president said his country would accuse the United States of crimes against humanity in the international courts . His statements might be written off as bluster , but it nonetheless was a strong critique of the United States on an important stage . In a way , Morales is continuing a tradition of bombastic barbs before the United Nations by a number of Latin American countries with leftist governments . It was at the same podium that the late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , in 2006 , called George W. Bush the devil and that behind the microphone "  it smells of sulfur still . " Chavez 's message seven years ago was that Bush acted "  as if he owned the world . " Morales has a similar complaint , targeting Obama . The United States practices "  aerial piracy " by denying use of its airspace or limiting the number of visas it grants to delegations from countries it does n't like , Morales told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol Thursday . "  Sometimes , they limit our visas , " Morales said . "  They blackmail us with visas . " The United States will deny use of its airspace to some , and then lie about it , Morales said , referring to allegations by the Venezuelan government that its president , Nicolas Maduro , was blocked from flying over U.S. airspace last week . The Venezuelan president saw the incident as an affront , but U.S. officials said the issue was resolved satisfactorily . To Morales , Obama 's government talks about democracy but acts like a hegemon , asserting dominance around the world . "  First , he talks about peace , we know he is a Nobel Peace Prize recipient , but he does not contribute to peace , " Morales said . Earlier the week , when Obama addressed the assembly , his focus was on Iran and the Middle East and far from Latin America . He did touch , however , on the criticisms lobbied against the U.S. for intervening in other countries ' affairs , especially in the Middle East . "  The United States is chastised for meddling in the region , and accused of having a hand in all manner of conspiracy , " he said . "  At the same time , the United States is blamed for failing to do enough to solve the region 's problems , and for showing indifference toward suffering Muslim populations . " Morales attended the U.N. meeting in New York , but Maduro did not , alleging that there were plots against him . Because Maduro and other presidents do not feel safe meeting in New York , Morales suggested that the U.N. General Assembly rotate to other countries . He suggested Switzerland or Brazil .	Bolivia 's Evo Morales wants to create a new court to sue the U.S. He has said he wants to sue the Obama administration for crimes against humanity The blustery talk has become a tradition among some Latin American countries
CNN  -- Federal agents have backed up al Qaeda captive Khalid Sheikh Mohammed 's confession in the killing of journalist Daniel Pearl by using photographs of the veins in his hands , according to a new report released Thursday . Mohammed confessed to beheading Pearl after his 2003 arrest in Pakistan . But the U.S. admission that he had been subjected to "  waterboarding " -- a practice historically treated as torture -- while in CIA custody cast doubt on the reliability of his confession , according to a lengthy investigation of the Pearl case by the Center for Public Integrity . According to the report , the FBI and CIA used stills from the video of Pearl 's killing to match the patterns of the veins in Mohammed 's hand in 2004 and repeated the process in 2007 , after Mohammed repeated his confession during a hearing at the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . "  Beyond KSM 's confession , the U.S. government has never revealed any corroborating evidence , " the report states . But it called the vein match the "  best evidence " the United States has linking Mohammed to Pearl 's 2002 slaying . The FBI had no comment on the report that it used vein-matching technology to confirm Mohammed 's identity , and said in a written statement that it is not using the technology "  at this time . " Mohammed is accused of planning al Qaeda 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . According to military prosecutors , he admitted responsibility for the attacks "  from A to Z " during a hearing before a military court at Guantanamo Bay . He has not been charged in Pearl 's death , however . According to the report , U.S. officials decided against bringing charges in the Pearl case to avoid complicating Mohammed 's prosecution for the 9/11 attacks . Pearl was kidnapped in the Pakistani city of Karachi while on his way to what he believed was an interview with a radical cleric connected to al Qaeda operative Richard Reid 's "  shoe bomb " plot . A video of Pearl 's beheading was distributed online nearly a month after he was abducted , but the face of the killer who slit his throat was not visible . According to Thursday 's report , his captors were "  inept , plagued by bungling plans , a failure to cover their tracks , and an inability to operate cameras and computer equipment . " Even the grisly video of Pearl 's death had to be restaged , "  because the cameraman failed to capture the original scene . " Mohammed moved so quickly to cut Pearl 's throat that the photographer failed to load a tape into his camera , according to the report . He repeated the killing for the camera , severing Pearl 's head in the process and making sure the photographer showed the blood still pouring through Pearl 's throat . The scene "  would later turn the stomachs of even the most hardened Pakistani and U.S. investigators , " the report states . But the report is also critical of Pakistani authorities ' pursuit of the killers . Prosecutors "  knowingly used perjured testimony " against the four men who were convicted in Pearl 's death , it states . "  While the four were involved in the kidnapping plan and certainly were culpable , they were not present when Pearl was murdered . Others , who were present and actually assisted in the brutal beheading , were not charged , " the report states . And 14 people suspected of working as guards , "  fixers " or drivers in the abduction remain free , the report states . At least five others suspected of involvement have been killed or died under suspicious circumstances , according to the report . Mohammed and one of his nephews remain in U.S. custody , another man is being held in Pakistan on unrelated charges and another of Mohammed 's nephews is believed to be in custody , "  but his whereabouts can not be confirmed . " Mohammed told the FBI that a senior al Qaeda operative advised him to take control of Pearl from his original kidnappers , the report said . Pakistani authorities freed a guard who was a key informant and failed to follow potential leads , according to the report . The three-year Pearl Project was prepared by faculty and students at Georgetown University in Washington . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report	Officials used ` vein-matching ' to tie Khalid Sheikh Mohammed to Pearl 's killing , report says Mohammed has said he killed the journalist , but has not been charged The report is a result of a three-year investigation
CNN  -- "  It is so ordered . " Four words , used by the Supreme Court of the United States , that set loose a cascade of public policy . Few phrases are as powerful and precise . On June 25 , when Justice Anthony Kennedy closed the court 's majority opinion regarding Arizona 's anti-immigrant law , S.B. 1070 , with these words , the court lifted a burden off the shoulders of local law enforcement as well as millions of immigrants across the country . Last Tuesday , the ripples reached Indiana : The state 's Republican attorney general , Greg Zoeller , said portions of his state 's Senate Bill 590 could not be defended . "  The Supreme Court made clear that immigration enforcement is a federal government responsibility , " Zoeller acknowledged . Elements of Indiana 's law resemble those the Supreme Court struck down in Arizona 's , including provisions giving local police unprecedented power to make warrantless arrests based on assumed immigration status . Zoeller saw the constitutional writing on the wall and freed his enforcement resources from an expensive court battle the state of Indiana was sure to lose . The court 's ruling on S.B. 1070 made it clear that state laws authorizing local law enforcement to make warrantless arrests of people for immigration violations are unconstitutional . Opinion : Do n't deport the ` tamale lady ' The court struck down three parts of the law , including the murky section that authorized state officers to arrest people based on "  probable cause " that they had committed an offense that could lead to deportation . The court allowed a fourth section , the troubling "  papers please " provision , to go into effect , but it left the door wide open for further legal scrutiny . Lest you think otherwise , Zoeller is no shrinking violet when it comes to immigration enforcement and keeping our nation safe . He is an active member of the Alliance Partnership of the Conference of Western Attorneys General , in which attorneys general across the United States partner with their colleagues in Mexico to strengthen the legal systems of both countries and reduce crime . As Zoeller wrote in 2011 , "  Greater cooperation , trust and information sharing between law enforcers and judicial officers on both sides of the border creates a more peaceful backdrop against which the U.S. government can work to improve an immigration system that clearly needs fixing . " Working collaboratively across state lines and international borders to fight human and drug trafficking , money laundering and consumer fraud is a far better use of law enforcement resources than arresting landscapers and nannies . Zoeller is not alone in thinking there is a better way to enforce immigration law . Last year , he joined a bipartisan group of business , law enforcement and religious leaders in signing the Indiana Compact , a set of principles to guide the state 's immigration debate . The compact affirms that immigration enforcement should be handled at the federal level , not the state level . The signers of the Indiana Compact joined like-minded leaders in Utah and Iowa â $ " neither of which is a liberal stronghold â $ " who signed compacts of their own calling upon the administration and Congress to work together to create a common-sense immigration process . But Congress has failed to muster the will to craft legislation , and President Obama is reduced to making administrative changes to an antiquated system . Sadly , the Supreme Court 's ruling on S.B. 1070 is all we have to work with when it comes to federal guidance on immigration . Opinion : Why ` illegal immigrant ' is a slur But the winds of the immigration debate are changing . From the Mountain West to the Southeast to the Midwest , people who wear badges , run businesses and carry Bibles are building a new consensus on immigrants and America . The consensus is that immigration policy is a human issue . Documented or undocumented , people have freedom that we protect . That is one of the ideals on which our nation is built . Leaders such as Zoeller are doing what they are constitutionally required to do : Enforce the law . Zoeller must and will protect the residents of Indiana , regardless of their federal immigration status . To do so , he will direct all his resources toward tracking down those who would perpetrate crime on these residents and bring them to justice rather than dedicate scarce resources toward enforcing federal immigration law . The Supreme Court has ordered that the federal government pre-empts states when it comes to immigration law . It is time the other branches of our federal government heeded that order and created a rational immigration process that allows law enforcement officials to do their job : keep us safe . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Noorani .	Indiana 's attorney general has declared most of the state 's new immigration law indefensible He cited the June Supreme Court ruling on Arizona in his announcement , says Ali Noorani Indiana is not alone in thinking there is a better way to enforce immigration law , Noorani says Noorani : It 's time for the federal government to create a rational immigration process
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- In our constant battle of the bulge , a new weapon is gaining in popularity . Mineral body wraps are supposed to help you lose weight , but doctors are skeptical . The basic concept is simple : loss by bondage , or body wraps . Around for decades , body wraps were first made popular by Hollywood stars but have since become available to lesser-known mortals . These wraps come in a host of styles ; from minerals to mud , from moving to motionless . Their aim : better bodies . Their claim : less of you when you 're done . "  We do mineral body wraps that take off inches and we guarantee people will lose 6 to 20 inches on the first wrap or the next one is free , " says Julie Tracey , co-owner of Atlanta 's Suddenly Slimmer salon . But Dr. Erica Brownfield , associate professor of medicine at Emory , is skeptical , at best . "  These results are going to be temporary and there is no scientific data to support what they 're claiming is actually going on , " she said . In the land of wraps , measurements are key . You wear very little clothing for the body wrap -- a small top matched with a small bottom . These are preferably made from breathable fabric without buttons or zippers , which could get in the way and cause chafing or pinching . The next step is all about the numbers . The wrapper puts measuring tape around various parts of your body and draws marks in black -- sort of "  slash marks the spot . " Typically , between a dozen and 20 spots are measured . And it 's the sum total of these spots that will tell you how many inches you 've lost when the treatment is over . Most providers will guarantee some inches lost from your first wrap but say you need a series of visits if you want to reduce by as much as , say , a clothing size , Tracey says . Health for Her : What 's it like to get a wrap ? " And priced at $ 50 to $ 100 , a treatment like this is not a cheap quick fix . But how do they work ? The treatment "  draws out metabolic waste and impurities from the body that lets water flow through better , " Tracey says . "  Retained water dilutes the metabolic waste and those go between the fat cells and spread things apart . " "  With the compression of the bandages , because you are wrapped up real tight , we push those fat cells back together and that is what changes the shape . " Aside from inches gone , body wraps claim to help with issues such as cellulite , skin tone and body shaping . Tracey , whose company has done almost 8,000 wraps , says the treatments also help with stretch marks , wrinkles and lines . But Brownfield and others in the medical field are n't quite buying it . "  Their claims say they are squeezing the fat cells closer together , " Brownfield says , " but I think it 's very important for people to realize that they 're not losing fat cells . " "  Those fat cells , once you decompress them and take those wraps off , they 're going to go back to their usual shape and size . " Brownfield is also concerned that , in some cases , these wraps could be a health hazard . "  Actually , depending on which wrap you use they can be harmful , they can dehydrate the body , " she says , which can be dangerous for some people . She also cautions people to make sure they know what type of minerals and solutions are being used in the procedure . Allergic reactions are one concern , but also any type of open wound , contagious disease or rash might make a body wrap a bad idea . And finally , if you have any medical concerns , talk to a doctor before deciding if wrapping up is your best bet for shaping up .	Salons claim body wraps , which are gaining popularity , help you lose inches Many kinds of materials are available for the treatment , which costs $ 50 to $ 100 It could cause dehydration or allergic reactions , Dr. Erica Brownfield says There is no scientific data to support the claims of body wraps , she says
CNN  -- Australia has passed a controversial new law which will see the country 's 500 most-polluting companies pay tax on their carbon emissions . The Clean Energy Act was passed by 36 votes to 32 in the Australian Senate on Tuesday and will come into force on July 1 next year . The legislation sees carbon taxed at a fixed price of 23 Australian dollars  $ 23.7  per ton for three years before moving to flexible pricing in 2015 . In a statement on the prime minister 's official website , Julia Gillard described the vote as "  history-making " and "  a major milestone in Australia 's efforts to cut carbon pollution and seize the economic and job opportunities of the future . " The legislation , which passed through Australia 's House of Representatives by 74 votes to 72 in October , will deliver cuts in carbon pollution of at least 160 million tons a year in 2020 , according to Gillard 's website . Nine out of 10 households will receive compensation to offset the expected rises in energy bills caused by the legislation , say the government . This will take the form of a mixture of tax cuts and extra family benefits funded in part by the revenues the government collects from the businesses affected . But opposition leader Tony Abbot , a staunch opponent of the legislation , called it "  a betrayal of the Australian people " adding that three million Australian households will be worse off because of the tax . "  The longer this tax is in place , the worse the consequences for the economy , jobs and families . It will drive up the cost of living , threaten jobs and do nothing for the environment , " Abbot , leader of the Liberal party in Australia said in a statement on his website . Abbot also pledged to repeal the tax should he win the next general election scheduled to take place in 2013 . International mining group Rio Tinto , one of the companies which will be affected by the new law , believes it will hinder the country 's competitiveness abroad . "  Australia 's minerals sector now faces significant additional costs not faced by competitors . This will inevitably reduce potential investment and jobs growth in Australia , without reducing global emissions , " David Peever , managing director of Rio Tinto Australia said in a statement earlier this year . But the Australian Greens , whose support ensured Gillard 's minority government won the vote , said the new law promised a greener future . "  Voting for a price on pollution is a vote for our ability to make a difference to climate change and provide a healthy , safe future for our kids and grandkids , " Penny Wright , Australian Greens ' Senator for South Australia , said in a statement .	Bill to introduce carbon tax on country 's biggest polluters passed by Australian Senate Carbon price fixed at AUS$ 23 from July 1 2012 before moving to flexible pricing in 2015 Prime Minsiter Julia Gillard decribes vote as "  history making " Opposition leader Tony Abbot says tax will threaten jobs and raise taxes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Dr. Gerhard Knies is the coordinator of TREC , the Trans-Mediterranean Renewable Energy Cooperation , a network of around 50 experts in renewable energies and sustainability . Gerhard Knies , co-founder and coordinator of TREC , a network that promotes renewable energies When he retired from his research into particle physics in 2001 , Knies was concerned that the planet 's impending energy crisis was not being solved . "  I think it is insane to organize collective suicide and to participate in that , " he told CNN . "  The fossil fuel system and our economy are doing that right now . We can not survive in this way . " So rather than go fishing or head to the golf course , Knies decided to seek a solution . "  I thought , ` Are we so stupid ? I 'll see what options nature is giving us . ' " So in 2003 , Knies co-founded TREC . The network , which has members from six European and ten Middle Eastern and North African countries , encourages countries to work together to harness the power of the sun to bring clean energy to the world -- and they think they 've found a way to do it . TREC says that we could meet the entire world 's energy needs by covering a fraction of the world 's deserts -- just 0.5 percent -- with concentrated solar power plants . It is now working with governments and businesses to make this dream a reality . Knies is hopeful that soon the world will embrace solar power as the leading source of energy . "  My guess is that solar energy will be 40 to 70 percent of the total energy consumption , 30 to 60 years from now , " he said . As part of his mission , Knies sees solar power as a tool to help poorer countries in North Africa . "  They would develop a new source of income if they could sell clean electricity to Europe , " he told CNN . "  For Europe this would be one of the cheapest sources of clean electricity . It 's a win-win situation between the two . " And he does n't sound like a quiet retirement will tempt him away from TREC any time soon . "  I find it challenging and rewarding to work out ways into the future which are not harmful to us , " he said . "  That 's why I 'm doing this and that 's why I 'm enjoying it . " ... . What do you think of Gerhard Knies 's work ? Do you think we could power the Earth with solar energy ? Tell us in the forum -- or read others ' views on the future of energy . E-mail to a friend	Gerhard Knies is the co-founder and coordinator of TREC TREC promotes renewable energy in Europe , the Middle East and North Africa Knies sees solar power as a source of income for poorer countries
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Nearly 1,300 computers in more than 100 countries have been attacked and have become part of a computer espionage network apparently based in China , security experts alleged in two reports Sunday . The network was discovered after computers at the Dalai Lama 's office were hacked , researchers say . Computers -- including machines at NATO , governments and embassies -- are infected with software that lets attackers gain complete control of them , according to the reports . One was issued by the University of Toronto 's Munk Centre for International Studies in conjunction with the Ottawa , Canada-based think tank The SecDev Group ; the second came from the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory . Researchers have dubbed the network GhostNet . The network can not only search a computer but see and hear the people using it , according to the Canadian report . "  GhostNet is capable of taking full control of infected computers , including searching and downloading specific files , and covertly operating attached devices , including microphones and web cameras , " the report says . The discovery of GhostNet grew out of suspicions that the office of the Dalai Lama had been hacked . His staff sent a foreign diplomat an e-mail invitation to meet the Tibetan spiritual leader , but before the Dalai Lama 's people could follow up with a phone call , "  the diplomat 's office was contacted by the Chinese government and warned not to go ahead with the meeting , " according to the Cambridge report . Watch CNN 's John Vause report on the network " An investigation resulted in both reports . Both found links to computers in China , but the researchers did not conclude who they thought was behind the "  malware , " or malicious software . "  Chinese cyber espionage is a major global concern ... -LSB- b -RSB- ut attributing all Chinese malware to deliberate or targeted intelligence gathering operations by the Chinese state is wrong and misleading , " according to the Canadian report titled , "  Tracking GhostNet : Investigating a Cyber Espionage Network . " "  The sheer number of young digital natives online can more than account for the increase in Chinese malware , " it adds . But the report also points out that China is among a handful of countries , including the United States , Israel and United Kingdom , that are "  assumed " to have considerable computer espionage capabilities . Attempts by CNN to contact the Chinese government in Beijing and its American embassy and consulate offices were unsuccessful on Sunday , as the offices were closed . However , a spokesman for the Chinese consulate in New York dismissed the idea China was involved when speaking to The New York Times . "  These are old stories and they are nonsense , " Wenqi Gao told the Times . "  The Chinese government is opposed to and strictly forbids any cyber crime . " Hackers gained access to computers in the Dalai Lama 's office by tricking computer users into downloading e-mail attachments that had been carefully engineered to appear safe , according to the authors of the Cambridge report , titled , "  The Snooping Dragon : Social-malware Surveillance of the Tibetan Movement . " "  The attackers took the trouble to write e-mails that appeared to come from fellow Tibetans and indeed from co-workers , " according to the report , authored by Shishir Nagaraja and Ross Anderson . Once the attackers gained an initial foothold , "  they also stole mail in transit and replaced the attachments with toxic ones , " the report adds . The Dalai Lama investigation led to the discovery of hundreds more infected machines in locations from The Associated Press in Britain and Deloitte and Touche in New York , to the ministries of foreign affairs in Indonesia , Iran and the Philippines . The office of the prime minister of Laos was also snared , as was a single non-secure computer at NATO , according to the Canadian report . Infected computers "  checked in " with control servers as early as May 2007 and as recently as March 12 of this year , the report adds . Attempts by CNN to verify the reports ' allegations with NATO , the Laotian government and the Dalai Lama 's organization in India were not immediately successful on Sunday . The attack has broader implications , Nagaraja and Anderson warn , since a single person could carry out a similar one . "  Even a capable motivated individual could have carried out the attacks we describe here , " they say . The computer systems of businesses are almost certain to be hacked by similar means , if they have not been already , the experts claim . "  Social malware will be used for fraud , and the typical company really has no defense against it , " since it is so expensive and inconvenient , for example , to keep sensitive information or processes on computers with no Internet access . "  We expect that many crooks will get rich before effective countermeasures are widely deployed . " The Information Warfare Monitor Web site , where the Canadian report was released , was down Sunday afternoon . GhostNet is not affiliated with GhostNet Inc. , a business technology company .	Researchers : Dalai Lama 's office , NATO , governments among targets Network , dubbed "  GhostNet , " can take control of computers , search files Researchers link network to China , but do n't conclude who is responsible Investigation finds hundreds of infected machines in more than 100 countries
CNN  -- With Thursday 's debut of "  The Sound of Music Live ! , " NBC just might resurrect the live musical broadcast . In the 1950s , such productions were big television events , with viewers tuning in to see the likes of Julie Andrews performing in an enactment of "  Cinderella , " which CBS aired in 1957 . Yet more than half a century has passed without any major broadcast network daring to mount a full-scale musical on live TV -- until NBC decided to embrace the challenge . The result is a three-hour primetime production called "  The Sound of Music Live ! , " a TV revival of the beloved story that originally graced the stage . Country megastar Carrie Underwood and Stephen Moyer of "  True Blood " have been cast in the iconic roles of Maria and Captain Von Trapp , and more than 600 kids came out to open casting calls for the Von Trapp children . The seven that were chosen committed to intense rehearsals that lasted for weeks prior to the massive television event , which airs December 5 at 8/7 Central . "  We 've all worked so hard , we all just want to do the best we can and contribute to this legacy that is ` The Sound of Music , ' " Underwood said in NBC 's behind-the-scenes special , "  The Making of The Sound of Music Live ! " NBC says the production will "  retell the story for a whole new generation , " and CNN 's senior media correspondent Brian Stelter agrees that it may resonate with younger viewers . "  Even in this age of Netflix where everything 's available on demand , I would love to know how many people out there have n't  seen the movie  , " Stelter said . "  I have a feeling those younger people in NBC 's audience that have n't seen it yet will discover it for the first time . " "  The Sound of Music " originally reached Broadway audiences in 1959 , followed by the popular 1965 film starring Julie Andrews . Andrews recently said on "  Larry King Now " that she stands behind Underwood , although she can relate to the mounting pressure . "  A live broadcast ! My God , poor lady ! " Andrews said . Live television is always a gamble because , simply put , anything can happen . "  The idea of doing it live is what 's daring about it , " said New York Times media reporter Bill Carter . "  They could have taped another version of this , but doing it live gives it a little frisson of excitement . What happens if the thing kind of goes wrong , you know ? Now it 's like seeing a Broadway show , staged , but they 're only doing it once . " Stelter said NBC is banking on this element of surprise to bring in the ratings . "  One of the reasons why viewers will tune in is to see if the microphones work , to see if everybody 's ready , to see if all the sets are functioning , " he said . "  That kind of curiosity might help NBC . " Yet "  The Sound of Music Live ! " is up against competitive Thursday night programming , and NBC 's challenge is to get people to tune in as the production unfolds rather than setting DVRs or using Hulu to watch the special later . Nonetheless , Stelter believes it 's probably an experiment worth trying for the Peacock network . "  If it gets a lot of audience , they can go and do this again , " Stelter said . "  Of course in television , when something does n't seem to succeed , everybody else gets afraid of doing it . So the worst scenario here is that it bombs and nobody else tries this again . Because I have a feeling if you try this a few times , one of them would breakthrough . " The Twittersphere and ratings numbers will reveal the success of "  The Sound of Music Live ! " In the meantime , the cast is relying on the massive scale of production and their six weeks of grinding rehearsals to prepare for Thursday 's big show . "  We all know that coming up is this massive live performance that we can all be terrified about then , " Moyer said in NBC 's "  The Making of Sound of Music Live ! " "  Our first preview is our press night and our final night ! There is going to be a moment where , you know , once you 've said the lines they 're gone forever . "	NBC faces a challenge with a live primetime production of "  The Sound of Music " A major broadcast network has n't attempted a full-scale musical in years NBC 's challenge is to get viewers to watch live rather than via DVR or Hulu The live element of surprise works in the network 's favor
London  CNN  -- The release of a massive report on torture Tuesday by the Senate Intelligence Committee has been accompanied by a strong statement by President Obama , who notes that it describes in detail "  a troubling program involving enhanced interrogation techniques in secret facilities outside the United States " by operatives working for the CIA . This report -- we 're talking about nearly 500 pages summarizing more than 6,000 pages of data and analysis -- will certainly refocus the world 's attention on this sordid phase in recent American history . Obama acknowledged that his predecessors in the White House faced "  agonizing choices " after 9/11 , and they acted in ways meant to protect against future attacks by al Qaeda . Still , this new accounting of that period has raised protests from politicians on both sides of the aisle , but especially Republicans , who do n't want to drag up painful memories of the Bush administration -- not in this , their finest hour . But it has also raised many questions demanding answers . I 'm in London as I write this , and there is already a great deal of talk about this report in the press . Indeed , for many , troubling questions arise : How could Americans have allowed their government to fly prisoners suspected of terrorist connections to "  black sites " in Thailand , Morocco , and Poland , where , as the report describes , they were hideously tortured in the hopes of extracting information from them about future plots against the homeland ?  And people did know that something like this could be going on , as reporters often described the existence of shadowy rendition programs without knowing the specific details .  Is this how tax dollars were best spent to protect Americans against future threats ? Other questions swirl , but one seems especially relevant as we continue our necessary efforts to combat terrorism : Is torture an effective technique for getting reliable information ? The report reviews 20 prominent cases that had been brought forth -- by intelligence officials and even alluded to by former President George W. Bush -- as examples of torture that worked , It concludes that none of this brutality resulted in useful information . This corresponds to what experts have suggested all along : Torture simply does n't work and may actually be counterproductive in the fight against terrorism . The problem is n't with those who actually possess relevant information , it 's with those who do n't . Men being tortured will saying anything to stop the interrogator from drowning him or abusing him -- and some of the methods detailed in this report are truly horrific . Top intelligence and military officials clearly warned the government as early as 2002 that this brutality does n't work . In fact , torture generates "  unreliable information , " as this report affirms ; it produces information that requires fact-checking that soon produces more misinformation . As Lou Dimarco observed in 2006 , in a useful book about the practice of torture during the Algerian War  1954-1962  : "  History offers no modern examples of the strategic effectiveness of harsh interrogation techniques , but it is replete with examples of the negative strategic effects such techniques have on the counterinsurgency force . " There is the additional problem that American enemies can use the fact that we have tortured prisoners as an excuse to torture American captives . Indeed , one ca n't help but wonder if the fury unleashed by ISIS in Syria and Iraq has its origins at least partially in the dark history of American torture . As the poet W.H. Auden so memorably wrote : "  Those to whom evil is done / Do evil in return . " A truly democratic society depends on the rule of law and respect for human rights ; it is the most important baseline we have . When a nation gives in to illegality and brutality -- and torture is both -- it is degrading itself , opening doors and windows that will never be easily closed . Hitler and Stalin were famous for their methods . The United States must set a better example . In one of his first acts as chief executive in 2009 , President Obama outlawed secret renditions and torture . This bold declaration was widely seen as a move that helped to restore the moral authority of the United States , which had badly suffered under the presidency of George W. Bush . Unfortunately , the Senate report is not the sort of thing most Americans will ever read , and already there has been a backlash by those who regard its publication as a partisan political move . No doubt they would rather spend their time and money on investigating what happened in 2012 in Benghazi , Libya , and how it came to be that Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , was given some erroneous "  talking points " before she went on Sunday morning talk shows to discuss the attack , that killed four Americans . I wish both Republican and Democrats could see that information like the Senate report is the lifeblood of American democracy . Transparency is all . This admission of torture will surely rile many in the Middle East and elsewhere . But is n't it ultimately a good thing for other countries to see that we hold ourselves to high standards of self-examination ? We make mistakes , as all countries do . But we admit our mistakes . One last thing to consider : The new report confirms that President Bush was not directly briefed about the harshest techniques of torture before 2006 , although Vice President Dick Cheney apparently attended meetings where these were discussed . So the question remains about whether we should actually try to punish those in the U.S. government who authorized or committed these repulsive and unlawful acts of torture . I would tend to agree with Anthony D. Romero of the American Civil Liberties Union , who wrote an article in The New York Times suggesting that however much the idea of torture turns his stomach , it 's better for President Obama to pardon Bush and Cheney for these  my words  crimes against humanity . They will , of course , never be prosecuted anyway . But by granting them pardons , Obama would -- symbolically -- show the world that we recognize that torture is illegal as well as reprehensible , and those who authorized it "  were indeed criminals . "	Jay Parini : Senate report on torture raises troubling questions and controversy Among them : How could Americans , morally , have allowed government to torture ? He says torture is ineffective way to get reliable information ; puts Americans at risk Parini : Democracy needs rule of law , respect for human rights , U.S. must reassert this
CNN  -- The cricket player who helped spark apartheid-era South Africa 's sporting isolation has died at the age of 80 . Basil D'Oliveira , a "  colored " man of Indian-Portuguese heritage from Cape Town , was barred from playing first-class cricket in his home country . He caused a political storm when he was selected by his adopted nation England for the team 's 1968-69 tour of South Africa . Having initially been left out of the squad after the South African government exerted pressure , he was called up when a teammate was injured -- and the tour was subsequently canceled amid international outrage . D'Oliveira , a powerful batsman known as "  Dolly , " went on to play 44 Tests for England , scoring 2,484 runs at an average of 40 and taking 47 wickets with his right-arm medium-pace bowling . He battled Parkinson 's disease in his later years , but passed away "  peacefully " according to his son -- who like his father played for Worcestershire and is now academy director at the county club . "  It is a sad time for us as a family but , after a long battle against Parkinson 's disease , dad passed away peacefully , " Damian D'Oliveira told the England and Wales Cricket Board 's official website on Saturday . "  Although it is difficult , we will celebrate a great life rather than mourn a death . " Cricket South Africa chief executive Gerald Majola said D'Oliveira was an "  inspiration . " "  Dolly was a true legend and a son of whom all South Africans can be extremely proud , " Majola said . "  He was a man of true dignity and a wonderful role model as somebody who overcame the most extreme prejudices and circumstances to take his rightful place on the world stage . " Having captained South Africa 's non-white cricket team and played for the national non-white football side , a frustrated D'Oliveira emigrated to England in 1960 at the age of 29 after writing to renowned cricket commentator John Arlott and asking for help . He was well past his prime as a player when he finally made his debut for England six years later . "  One can only imagine what he might have achieved had he made his debut as he should have done at the age of 20 on South Africa 's tour of England in 1951 , " Majola said . "  The circumstances surrounding his being prevented from touring the country of his birth with England in 1968 led directly to the intensification of opposition to apartheid around the world and contributed materially to the sports boycott that turned out to be an Achilles heel of the apartheid government . "  Throughout this shameful period in South Africa 's sporting history , Basil displayed a human dignity that earned him worldwide respect and admiration . His memory and inspiration will live on among all of us . " D'Oliveira wrote about his arrival in England on his official website . "  April 1st 1960 was probably one of the most astonishing days of my life . The plane landed at Heathrow Airport on a very gloomy and damp spring day . I was filled with misgivings and my inferiority complex was at a very low ebb , " he said . "  I 'd left  my wife  Naomi behind . In a few months I would be a father for the first time , and what kind of future could I guarantee Naomi and my child ? However as I left with the assurance that the family and friends would take great care of her , an old aunt pulled me to one side and told me to aim high , there 's room for everyone up there -- a motto which has stayed with me always . "  I am proud of my color , of what I 've achieved for myself and non-whites all over the world , and I dearly love my fellow citizens of Cape Town . I often think back to those days in South Africa , when I was trying to break out of the social and sporting straitjacket imposed by the color of my skin . " Meanwhile , South Africa ended the third day of the second Test against Australia with a lead of 199 runs after Hashim Amla and A.B. de Villiers took the home side to 229-3 in their second innings in Johannesburg . Amla was unbeaten on 89 and De Villiers was on 70 when bad light and rain ended play early on Saturday , having added 139 . Captain Graeme Smith was the second man to fall after making 36 , while Australia 's 18-year-old fast-bowling debutant Pat Cummins took the wickets of Jacques Rudolph  24  and key batsman Jacques Kallis , who passed 12,000 Test runs with his first-innings 54 but this time could manage only two . South Africa won the first game of the two-match series by eight wickets in Cape Town .	Basil D'Oliveira dies aged 80 after a long battle with Parkinson 's Disease Born in South Africa , he emigrated to England in 1960 to escape apartheid His selection for a tour of his homeland caused an international incident South Africa 's national sports teams were banned from competition soon after
CNN  -- Saudi King Abdullah has appointed a woman to the council of ministers for the first time as part of a Cabinet reshuffle , networks including Saudi state-run Channel One reported Saturday . Saudi King Abdullah has appointed a woman to his council of ministers for the first time . King Abdullah announced a new supreme court chief , minister of health , justice minister and information minister as part of the reshuffling , according to Channel One . King Abdullah appointed Noor Al-Fayez to the Saudi Council of Ministers . She will serve in a new position as deputy minister for women 's education . "  I 'm very proud to be nominated and selected for such a prestigious position , " Al-Faiz told CNN on Saturday . "  I hope that other ladies , females , will follow in the future . " "  People are very excited about this , " said Khaled Al-Maeena , editor-in-chief of Arab News , an English-language daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia . "  This sends a clear signal that the King means business . Instead of appointing some bureaucrat , he appointed a woman . " Jamal Khashoggi , editor-in-chief of the Al-Watan Daily newspaper , told CNN the reshuffle signals a major change in his country . "  This is a huge step forward , in education , women 's place in society , " said Khashoggi . Al-Faiz said she 's confident she wo n't just be a token member of the council . "  I think by being the second person after the minister , I think I have enough power to work in the improvement of girls ' education , " she said . The new appointments are the largest council shakeup since King Abdullah took power in 2005 . Maeena also said the other new appointments by King Abdullah were very "  progressive " moves . Some other new appointments were : CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Saudi King Abdullah appoints a woman to council of ministers for first time King appoints Noor Al-Fayez as deputy minister for women 's education Khaled Al-Maeena , editor-in-chief of Arab News , says people "  excited " by move
Rafael Caro Quintero , wanted in the U.S. for the torture and killing of DEA agent Enrique Camarena , has been ordered released from a Mexican prison because of procedural errors in his case . A federal court in the state of Jalisco overturned Caro Quintero 's conviction for the kidnapping and killing the U.S. agent in 1985 . The court ruled that the infamous drug lord was incorrectly tried in the federal judicial system , when he should have been tried at the state level . The ruling also dismissed the cases of two other killings that he was accused of . A conviction for drug trafficking was upheld , but he has already completed the prison sentence for that crime , the ruling said . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration issued a statement Friday saying it was "  deeply troubled " by the apparently impending release of Caro Quintero , who the DEA called the "  mastermind and organizer " of its agent 's death . The agency said it will "  vigorously continue ... efforts to ensure Caro-Quintero faces charges in the United States for the crimes he committed . " The killing of Camarena , nicknamed "  Kiki , " strained relations between the United States and Mexico . In the eyes of the U.S. justice system , Caro Quintero remains an international fugitive , and his release would sting U.S. authorities . But Mexican judicial authorities said in a statement that Caro Quintero 's release is ordered "  as long as there is no other legal reason to impede it . " It was unclear if U.S. efforts to extradite Caro Quintero would be considered legal impediments to his release . Caro Quintero , who was arrested when he was 33 , has spent the last 28 years in prison . He was indicted in the Central District of California in 1988 on racketeering charges , which were eventually augmented with charges of kidnapping and murder of a federal agent . A second indictment in the same district charges Caro Quintero with conspiracy to import and distribute cocaine and marijuana . He also was indicted in the District of Arizona on drug trafficking charges .	DEA : "  Deeply troubled " by pending release , will work "  vigorously " for U.S. prosecution Rafael Caro Quintero is serving time for the kidnapping and murder of a U.S. agent A court ruled that he was tried in the wrong judicial system in Mexico As a result , his convictions are overturned ; he is still wanted by the United States
CNN  -- The Bluefin-21 's initial search is nearing its end . As the underwater sonar device plunged into the Indian Ocean , kicking off its 14th mission , authorities are focusing on what they will do if it comes up empty . That outcome would seem likely . The Bluefin has slowly scoured 95 % of the ocean floor that searchers had narrowed down for it . So far , it has found no trace of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Anticipation is growing as this phase of the search nears its end , but experts say factors like the depth and terrain of the search area mean that the mission 's completion could be a day to weeks away . If nothing is found , the first step , Australian officials said , may be to expand the search area where the submersible was looking . The underwater search so far has focused on a circle with a 10-kilometer  6.2-mile  radius around the location of a detected "  ping , " the Joint Agency Coordination Center said . If the Bluefin-21 searches 100 % of the area with nothing to show for it , the underwater search may expand to outside that radius . "  We are currently consulting very closely with our international partners on the best way to continue the search into the future , " the Australian-based center coordinating the search said in a statement . Forty-nine days since the plane vanished , Malaysian and Australian authorities are mapping out a strategy for a long-term search that could expand to cover a massive area . A U.S. Navy source told CNN on Friday that the current search area is expected to move slightly north if the Bluefin does n't find any wreckage . Specifically , it might shift to encompass a 6-mile radius around where another "  ping " was detected . And it 's possible the search for the plane -- which disappeared March 8 after leaving Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , for Beijing -- could balloon . Ocean search specialist Rob McCallum thinks it may end up including all 370 miles  595 kilometers  of what authorities believe was the plane 's flight path . "  If the idea is to go more strategic and investigate the entire aircraft flight path , maybe 15 miles or so either side , then you need a more strategic tool . And something like a deep-towed sonar that can provide a very large range indeed -- at the expense of resolution . " The use of a deep-towed submersible device called the Orion is overdue , said Geoffrey Thomas , managing director of AirlineRatings.com . "  That should be brought in as quickly as possible , again , from the United States . " Early into mission 13 , Bluefin-21 encountered a software issue which required resetting . The problem was resolved , the Joint Agency Coordination Centre announced . Malaysia 's report Facing anger from families of Flight 370 passengers , Malaysia 's Prime Minister said Thursday his government will release its preliminary report on the plane 's disappearance . In a TV exclusive with CNN aviation correspondent Richard Quest , Prime Minister Najib Razak told CNN the report will be available to the public next week . He also asked an internal investigation team to look into what other information may be released publicly next week , his office said . Najib discussed why he is not yet officially declaring the flight -- and the 239 people on board -- lost . The report has been sent to the International Civil Aviation Organization , the U.N. body for global aviation , but not yet made available to the public . The U.N. organization said among the safety recommendations in the report is a suggestion by Malaysia that the aviation world needs to look at real-time tracking of commercial aircraft . It 's the same recommendation that was made after the Air France Flight 447 went down in the Atlantic Ocean in 2009 . Skeptical relatives The Prime Minister 's comments did n't convince Sarah Bajc , whose partner , Philip Wood , was a passenger on the plane . She accused Najib of "  political maneuvering , " shirking responsibility and deflecting blame . "  I spent most of the morning with my jaw basically scraping the floor , " Bajc told CNN 's "  AC360Â ° . " Malaysian authorities need to do a better job of communicating with the families and answering their questions during briefings , she said , rather than treating passengers ' loved ones "  as if we are the enemy , as opposed to an interested party in helping to solve this mystery . " "  Actions speak louder than words , " she said . "  The briefings are a joke . ... The patience level of the families group is just gone . " The husband of passenger Chandrika Sharma said he appreciated that the Prime Minister is avoiding declaring the plane lost and admitted that mistakes were made . But he wants to see more from officials . "  At least one can hope this is the beginning of the next few weeks where we can see a lot more transparency , a lot more directness , " K.S. Narendran told CNN 's "  New Day . " A committee representing some of the Chinese families have posted 26 questions about the plane 's disappearance on the Chinese social media site Weibo . Malaysia has insisted it has nothing to hide and is working to find answers . The country has not been known as a model of transparency . The same political party has ruled for 50 years , and the media are not completely free . The Malaysian Cabinet has agreed to have an international team investigate the disappearance of Flight 370 , acting Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said . He also said the team will not be looking into the criminal aspects of the investigation , which remain under the Royal Malaysia Police . Turning to Boeing ? Angry families dissatisfied with responses from Malaysian authorities could turn their attention to the Boeing 777 's manufacturer . Some of the questions the families have , including technical questions , "  we will be bringing directly to Boeing , " Bajc said . "  Boeing is a publicly traded company in the United States , and that puts them in a position of a little bit more fiduciary responsibility , " she said . Asked for a response , Boeing sent CNN a statement : "  Our thoughts and deepest sympathies continue to be with the families and loved ones of those aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Boeing continues to serve as a technical adviser to the U.S. National Transportation  Safety  Board , and in that role we have been an active and engaged party to the investigation . " "  Boeing has a shareholders meeting next week , " Bajc said , adding it might be worth trying to get some answers there . What if Flight 370 is never found ? Inside a black box investigation lab Sad , angry relatives in agonizing limbo CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Mike Ahlers , Sumnima Udas , David Molko , Catherine E. Shoichet and John Berman contributed to this report .	U.S. Navy source : The search should shift slightly north if no wreckage is found Bluefin-21 may expand search area if it does n't make any findings in current search radius Submersible has combed 95 % of a search area with no significant results Malaysia says it will make its report on the missing plane public next week
Chicago  CNN  -- Chicago school officials said Thursday that they plan to close dozens of schools in a bid to improve education and tackle a $ 1 billion deficit . The move would shutter 61 school buildings , including 53 underused schools and one program . The cut represents roughly 10 % of all elementary school facilities in Chicago Public Schools , the country 's third-largest school district . "  Every child in every neighborhood in Chicago deserves access to a high-quality education that prepares them to succeed in life , but for too long children in certain parts of Chicago have been cheated out of the resources they need to succeed because they are in underutilized , under-resourced schools , " said Barbara Byrd-Bennett , chief executive officer of CPS . "  As a former teacher and a principal , I 've lived through school closings , and I know that this will not be easy , but I also know that in the end this will benefit our children . Like school systems across the country where enrollment has dropped , Chicago must make tough choices , and by consolidating these schools , we can focus on safely getting every child into a better performing school close to their home , " she said . The Chicago Teachers Union opposes the closures , which it says would disproportionately affect African-American students . The union also warns the move would expose students to gang violence and turf wars , an apparent reference to neighborhood loyalties . "  This city can not destroy that many schools at one time , and we contend that no school should be closed in the city of Chicago . These actions will not only put our students ' safety and academic careers at risk but also further destabilize our neighborhoods , " said Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis . "  We do not have a utilization crisis . What we have is a credibility crisis . CPS continues to peddle half-truths , lies and misinformation in order to justify its campaign to wipe out our schools and carry out this corporate-driven school-reform nonsense , " she said . The union went on strike last year . The city 's nearly 30,000 teachers walked out on September 10 , objecting to a longer school day , evaluations tied to student performance and job losses from school closings . Wins , losses and draws in Chicago school strike With school districts across the country dealing with financial shortfalls and pressures to make reforms , the strike quickly gained national attention . It pitted the teachers union against Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel , who spoke in support of the school closings Thursday . "  This decision has been delayed for a decade , and it 's our children and our city that have paid the price for inaction , " he said . "  Consolidating schools is the best way to make sure all of our city 's students get the resources they need to succeed in the classroom . " CPS currently has 403,000 students , with seats for more than 511,000 , and close to 140 of its 681 schools are more than half empty , according to the district . Katherine Wojtecki reported from Chicago . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : Chicago 's mayor says the city , its children have "  paid the price " for inaction NEW : Teachers union says closures would disproportionately affect students of color Sixty-one buildings , including 53 schools and one program , would close Chicago Public Schools says it faces a $ 1 billion deficit
CNN  -- Severe storms including tornadoes struck Illinois late Thursday afternoon , knocking out power , damaging buildings and spawning floods , the National Weather Service reported . On Thursday night , storms and high winds swept across Tennessee on Thursday night , pelting Nashville with rain and hail and putting thousands in the dark . Large sections of the Midwest and South were under tornado watches Thursday evening as powerful and fast-moving storms pushed through the region , with flooding and building damage in Illinois . The Weather Service had preliminary reports of as many as eight tornadoes in central Illinois late Thursday afternoon . In the town of Mechanicsburg , seven outbuildings were reported destroyed and one house had minor damage . WICS TV , a CNN affiliate in nearby Springfield , reported that one camper was knocked over and the woman in it slightly injured . About 24,000 people in Illinois lost power at one point Thursday afternoon and night , reported utility Ameren Illinois . Effingham and Champaign counties in Illinois reported flooding but no injuries or water rescues . "  We have some power lines down and a little water in the road in some places , " said Pam Jacobs , the director of the Effingham County Emergency Management Agency . She said they had no reports of injuries or stranded vehicles . John Dwyer , the emergency management coordinator for Champaign County , reported some road flooding and standing water in farm fields . A portion of State Route 150 between Mohamet and the county line was shut down . He said the flooding was caused by the 3 inches of rain Thursday coupled with the snow melt . The National Weather service said radar indicated rainfall of 3 to 4 inches per hour . A flash-flood warning was issued until 11:30 p.m. CT Thursday for the area . The Illinois State Police reported that fog caused a serious wreck on Interstate 57 in northeast Illinois , involving at least 27 tractor trailers and passenger cars . Authorities said they received reports of multiple injuries , but nothing life-threatening . In Tennessee , Memphis Light , Gas and Water Division reported that 4,450 customers lost power at the peak of outages in Shelby County , Tennessee , which includes the city of Memphis . As the storm moved east across Tennessee , winds knocked down dozens of trees in Nashville , reported CNN affiliate WSMV . The station said trained weather spotters reported 1-inch hail and 95 mph winds . Tornado and severe thunderstorm watches were in effect for a large area of the south-central United States , including much of Kentucky and Indiana , as well as Illinois , Tennessee , Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama . No reports of injuries or deaths were available Thursday evening .	NEW : Power knocked out to about 24,000 customers in Illinois NEW : Rain and hail fall on Nashville , downing trees National Weather Service reports twisters in Illinois Major flooding reported in Effingham and Champaign counties , Illinois
Expensive works of art offered as inducements are at the center of the latest series of damaging allegations around the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , a published report claimed . A painting , believed to be a Picasso , was allegedly gifted to Union of European Football Associations  UEFA  president and FIFA executive member Michel Platini in return for his support for the eventually successful Russian bid for the 2018 global showpiece . Another FIFA voting member , Michel D'Hooghe , from Belgium , was also the recipient of a landscape painting , given to him in a package wrapped in brown paper by Viacheslav Koloskov , a former Russian executive committee member working for his nation 's attempt to host the 2018 tournament , it is alleged in a report in The Sunday Times . "  Allegations ' in the Sunday Times relating to my actions in the 2018 and 2022 bidding processes are total fabrications , " said former French international star Platini . "  The matter has now been passed to my legal advisers . " D'Hooghe told the Sunday Times that he believed the painting given to him , was "  absolutely ugly " and he believed it had no value . He said he had not voted for the Russian bid . The newspaper 's latest revelations are based on evidence it supplied to a UK parliamentary committee , which itself has been investigating the circumstances around the award of the World Cup host countries , particularly in the light of England 's failed bid for the 2018 competition . The House of Commons Culture , Media and Sport Committee  DCMS  has now published details of the investigations by the Sunday Times which claim the England bid commissioned "  high-level intelligence gathering and and surveillance on the other countries bidding to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . " It also claims England 's bid used private security companies and a former member of the UK government 's intelligence service MI6 to gather information on its rivals . The previously unreported material contains a series of claims around the role allegedly played by Russian President Vladimir Putin in making sure his country would host football 's premier competition , hard on the heels of winning the rights to stage the Sochi Winter Olympics earlier this year . It claims that Putin was initially skeptical about Russia 's bid but had later thrown his full weight behind the process . "  He  Putin  took a personal interest in the running of the bid in mid-2010 , " the committee report reveals . Under the heading , "  Intelligence relating to Russia 2018 " a series of allegations are revealed about Putin 's role in brokering a major bilateral trade deal for gas with Qatar , the winners of the 2022 bid , in exchange for each others votes and the votes of others of their supporters . The allegations also detail the plundering of Russia 's national art collection , either from the vaults of the State Hermitage Museum in St.Petersburg or the Kremlin archives , as alleged kickbacks to Platini and D'Hooghe . In a statement given to CNN , officials behind the Russian bid have also strongly denied any wrongdoing . "  Russia 2018 categorically rejects all of the allegations made in the Sunday Times today as entirely unfounded speculation , " it said . "  These allegations are not new , but the evidence has only ever indicated that Russia 2018 behaved professionally and fairly throughout the bidding process . "  The Russia 2018 Bid Committee operated in full compliance with the spirit and letter of FIFA 's Code of Ethics , and sought to abide by the FIFA bidding guidelines at all times . "  This kind of speculation will not affect Russia 2018 's focus on doing what we have been doing for nearly four years already : making great progress towards our objective of hosting the best ever FIFA World Cup in 2018 . " The alleged pivotal role of FIFA president Sepp Blatter in the bidding process is also highlighted in the published reports of the DCMS and the Sunday Times . The claim is made that Blatter and Putin "  jointly ` hit the phones ' to drum up votes for Russia on the eve of the secret ballot in Zurich on December 2 , 2010 . " Blatter was "  absolutely committed " to the Russian bid it was said . Earlier this month , football 's world governing body published a report that cleared Russia and Qatar of any wrongdoing in their winning of the hosting rights for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . But within hours of the announcement , Michael Garcia , the U.S. attorney who had led the investigation , went public with his disappointment at the findings , labeling them "  incomplete and erroneous " and claiming that his work had been misrepresented . The saga took a further twist when FIFA later announced it had lodged a criminal complaint in the Swiss courts into the "  possible misconduct of individual persons in connection with the awarding of the hosting rights of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup . " FIFA told CNN Sunday that it was unable to comment on the specific allegations in the DCMS and Sunday Times reports . "  Matters related to the 2018/2022 inquiry are solely handled by the Investigatory Chamber of the independent FIFA Ethics Committee , " it said . "  Therefore we are not in a position to comment on on-going proceedings nor on names and other information circulated in the media , particularly as we do not know against which individuals and for what reasons investigations are in process nor do we know the details of what is actually in the investigation reports . " It added : "  The independent Chairman of the Audit and Compliance Committee Domenico Scala is currently evaluating the matter to decide on the next steps including the compiling of relevant information from the investigation which needs to be provided to the FIFA Executive Committee . "  In parallel , the entire reports have been provided to the Swiss General Attorney . As such , FIFA has no further comment for the time-being . " Meanwhile , the English Football Association also responded Sunday to the reports , claiming that the 2018 bid chairman Andy Anson and his team had fully co-operated with the original FIFA investigation . "  The Fifa Ethics Committee made specific requests and responding to these requests involved searching in excess of 500,000 documents , " the Guardian newspaper reported . "  The search parameters were established with Mr Garcia 's office . The documents searched included intelligence gathered by the bid team . All documents within the search parameters were disclosed . " It added that Anson had only shared with Garcia information that could be substantiated . "  Everything else was hearsay , gossip and rumor , " it added . The UK Parliament is set to debate the findings of the DCMS report Monday .	Further allegations published around award of 2018 and 2022 World Cups UK parliamentary committee reveals details of a ` secret dossier ' obtained by the Sunday Times Dossier was allegedly commissioned by failed 2018 England bid Claims made over using priceless art as inducement by Russia 2018 bid
CNN  -- A cruise can be a stress-free escape from day-to-day life , promising all-you-can-eat buffets and nightly entertainment at a reasonable price . But some high-profile incidents aboard ship have led to rough sailing for some cruise lines , with a new survey showing that 18 % of passengers report experiencing a problem on their trip -- and walking away unsatisfied . Nevertheless , overall customer satisfaction with cruise lines remains high , according to the survey from J.D. Power and Associates . Conducting its first report on cruise line consumer satisfaction , the global market research company wanted to see how the industry ranked in customer service relations after a series of events that captured headlines . Among the recent bad news : The Costa Concordia hit a reef off the coast of Italy in January 2012 , killing 32 people . Then there was February 's Carnival Triumph cruise , which experienced an engine fire in the control room that led to a loss of electrical power for five days . In May , Royal Caribbean 's Grandeur of the Seas caught fire , forcing the ship to cut short the trip . "  It is important for cruise line companies to understand their strengths and weaknesses in the service they provide to their passengers , " says Ramez Faza , senior account manager of the global travel and hospitality practice at J.D Power . "  Cruises in general are not something you get on to go from point A to point B , " Faza says . "  It 's more for the experience . " Problems on cruise ships can vary from complications with a passenger 's food to the steward being late to clean your cabin , says Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor-in-chief of Cruise Critic . Five things we 've learned about cruising Disney Cruise Line , Royal Caribbean International and Holland America Line came in first , second and third , respectively , in customer satisfaction , while Carnival ranked last in the report of eight cruise lines . The survey measured seven factors that affect a customer 's experience : service , state of the room , food , the efficiency of boarding and departing on the ship , entertainment , cost and excursions . "  When you 're on ship for a long time , there are bound to be problems , " Faza says . "  I think the biggest thing as a company is the ability to recover . " When Royal Caribbean 's Grandeur of the Seas had a fire in May , the cruise line did n't waste time in notifying customers of its recovery plan . Less than an hour after the fire was extinguished , company representatives tweeted details that passengers would receive a full refund of the fare paid and a certificate for future sailing . Though cruise lines are catering to the majority of their passengers ' needs , Faza says the firms need to be more aware of positive and negative feedback and work on customer retention . Customers are often voicing their opinions regarding service through social media . "  The ability to voice your opinion has made a huge impact , " Faza says . "  It 's important for companies to even address these opinions and acknowledge their customers for the good and bad comments . "	Survey ranks Disney Cruise Line highest in customer satisfaction , Carnival the lowest Some 18 % of passengers report experiencing a problem on their trip , the survey says But overall customer satisfaction with cruise lines remains high , report says
PINE VALLEY , California  CNN  -- Dozens of America 's greatest military heroes are gathered in Chicago , Illinois , possibly the last large gathering of living Medal of Honor recipients . John Finn , 100 , at his California ranch , said he was just a dutiful soldier . That "  hero stuff is a bunch crap , " he said . Among the men with light blue ribbons holding a star around their necks signifying uncommon bravery , will be John Finn . Finn , who received the nation 's highest medal for valor for his actions during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , turned 100 this summer , the oldest living Medal of Honor recipient . Finn was stationed at Kanoehe Bay Naval Air Station , where the Japanese struck five minutes before attacking Pearl Harbor , across southeast Oahu Island from Kanoehe Bay . Finn recalled how a neighbor was the first to alert him , when she knocked on his door saying , "  They want you down at the squadron right away ! " Finn saw the first Japanese plane before his car even reached his hangar . "  I put that old car of mine in second gear and wound it up getting down to the hangar where I could be where my guns and ammunition were , " Finn said . One of the first things he did was take control of a machine gun from his squadron 's painter . "  I said , ` Alex , let me take that gun , ' " Finn explained . "  I knew that I had more experience firing a machine gun than a painter . " "  I got that gun and I started shooting at Jap planes , " Finn said in the salty language not uncommon among veterans of that long-ago war . But Finn 's machine gun was right out in the open , nothing protecting him from the attacking pilots . "  I was out there shooting the Jap planes and just every so often I was a target for some , " Finn said . "  They were Japanese fighter plane pilots . I can remember seeing , in some cases , I could see their faces . " Watch John Finn 's give his account of his actions on December 7 , 1941 " He was wounded in the head , the arm , the hand and the foot , but Finn fought on , a one-man counterattack to the surprise air raid that pulled America into World War II . Finn talked to CNN at his ranch in the desert east of San Diego , California . He surrounds himself with reminders of his life -- his entire life , not just that one infamous day out of 100 years . There are pictures of his wife , Alice , who married him before Pearl Harbor and was by his side until 1998 . The hillside outside his home is covered with old cars , old trucks and even an old military ambulance . But the first thing one notices when visiting Finn 's ranch is the sign at the road , with a painting of his medal next to his name . The citation for his Medal of Honor tells that part of his story : "  He continued to man this gun and to return the enemy 's fire vigorously and with telling effect throughout the enemy strafing and bombing attacks and with complete disregard for his own personal safety . It was only by specific orders that he was persuaded to leave his post to seek medical attention . Following first-aid treatment , although obviously suffering much pain and moving with great difficulty , he returned to the squadron area and actively supervised the rearming of returning planes , " the citation stated . With Japanese still attacking , getting his wounds treated was n't a priority , Finn said . "  Medical help comes later . If you 're busy shooting a machine gun or a rifle or a pistol or doing anything , you ca n't worry about getting medical attention , " he explained . Less than a year later , Finn , out of the hospital and recovered from his wounds , was back on duty with the Navy in Hawaii . Adm. Chester Nimitz presented Finn with the Medal of Honor for his bravery , joining the ranks of the men , and one woman , recognized with the nation 's highest award for heroism . These days most medals are awarded at the White House , but with the war heating up , such a long trip was out of the question . In fact , his first visit to the White House came in the spring when President Obama invited him for a visit . Back at his ranch , Finn bristled when asked about being called a "  hero . " "  That damned hero stuff is a bunch crap , I guess . Well , it is one thing that I think any man that is in that , you got ta be in that position , " Finn said . "  You got ta understand that there 's all kinds of heroes , but they never get a chance to be in a hero 's position . " Fewer than 100 men who have received the Medal of Honor are alive today . More than half of them are expected in Chicago this week for the annual Congressional Medal of Honor Society Convention . But because they are all veterans of World War II , Korea or Vietnam , their ranks are shrinking every year . The men from more recent conflicts , like Somalia , Afghanistan and Iraq , were all awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously . And this week , while many of those living recipients gather in Chicago , Obama will present the latest Medal of Honor at the White House to a soldier who fought and died heroically in Afghanistan .	In Pearl Harbor attack , John Finn was wounded in head and limbs but fought on Finn 's medal citation states he continued to "  return the enemy 's fire vigorously " Congressional Medal of Honor Society Convention is in Chicago this week
I enjoyed having tea with Teru Yamada one Sunday afternoon recently . It felt like visiting an elderly relative in my native London , except that the 78-year-old widow lives in a cramped prefabricated housing complex about 37 miles  60 kilometers  from the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in north-eastern Japan . She was one of thousands of people displaced by the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck the region last March . Like other survivors , her family moved in to temporary housing , where the Red Cross helped them to settle in with a package of household electrical appliances including a rice cooker , TV and refrigerator . I had visited her twice before during my work with the Red Cross , which had taken me to Japan five times since the disaster . In the week that followed the massive earthquake , I was based in the busy Japanese Red Cross office in Tokyo dealing with the huge number of requests for information from the international media . The questions followed a familiar pattern : What were the main needs ? Was the situation improving ? How were people coping with the nuclear danger ? Each day I relayed reports from Japanese Red Cross President Tadateru Konoe , who was out in the worst affected areas assessing the situation . He described what he was seeing as comparable to the flattened ruins of Osaka and Tokyo during World War II . But amid the chaos , I recognized that the elderly were perhaps the most vulnerable and needed constant support to prevent them from being isolated and neglected in the aftermath . It was during my third trip to Japan that I first met Teru at her temporary housing complex . She had recently visited the home she had been evacuated from , which was inside the mandatory 12-mile  20-kilometer  exclusion zone that surrounds the quake-damaged Fukushima nuclear plant . Journey inside Japan 's nuclear exclusion zone She told me how she managed to retrieve a photograph of her husband , who died just months before the tsunami , ad well as his spirit tablet -- common sight in homes in many Asian countries as a place where the spirits of ancestors reside . It was a moving sight as she lit a stick of incense and bowed before his portrait . When I visited her again in January it was heartening to see her in more cheerful spirits . She had been keeping herself busy making elephants out of toweling , part of a community project set up by a local non-profit organization . Yet it soon became clear that life for her remained full of ups and downs . In October , she , her daughter and grandson were allowed another visit to their old home . Living with the aftermath of Japan 's tsunami nightmare "  I felt very disappointed , " she recalled . "  The grass had grown so long around the family home , a herd of cows nearby was running wild and it was very sad to see them . " Despite Teru 's initial cheerfulness , the emotional strain began to show and she broke down in tears . She said she missed life in her village . "  I was born there and married someone from only four kilometers away and spent my whole life there , " she said . However her daughter remains stoical . "  Sometimes I tell myself that I must stop thinking of myself as a disaster survivor or victim , " she said . Witness to disaster : Japan 's tsunami Further north , in the coastal town of Otsuchi , Tomokazu Sato paced over the concrete foundations that are all that remain of the house where he grew up until the age of 18 . "  It still does n't seem real ; I can hardly believe this has happened , " he said . His grandmother lost her life when the tsunami swept in . "  She was in the house by herself , because my mother had just gone up the hill to renew her driving license , " he recalled . As Sato stood in the road in front of the empty space where his house once stood , he showed me a photograph of himself age 20 , together with three of his best friends , all dark suited , at their coming of age day celebration to mark the legal passage into adulthood -- when young adults can do things like vote and purchase alcohol . "  The guy on the right lost his mother and sister , the guy on the left 's father and elder brother are still missing , " he said . Sato explained that the fourth member of the group died in a car accident eight years ago . "  His grave has been washed away . " In the nearby town of Yamada , where the Japanese Red Cross is handing over six school buses to local schools , we sit down with a couple of students from a local school . The two 13-year olds radiate a calmness and cheerfulness that 's reassuring in kids so young . A local education department official told me that parents here are still suffering from stress as a result of the disaster , and are passing on this unease to their children . When I asked Kaito and Nao about their parents , Kaito said his father has a job provided by the local government in an oyster fishing cooperative . But he said his father remains anxious about when the authorities will make a decision on the location of new permanent homes . Nobody seems to have a clear idea how long they will have to spend in the temporary housing and many of the decisions on reconstruction have yet to be taken . Nao said it is difficult getting a proper night 's sleep in the temporary housing . "  You can hear people snoring and shutting doors in the nearby houses , " he said . But what are the two youngsters ' hopes for 2012 ? "  I just hope there will be no more earthquakes , " said Nao . "  I hope that more shops will open in our town so it will gradually be a bit brighter , " added Kaito .	Francis Markus worked for the IFRC in Japan after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami Recognized the elderly were perhaps the most vulnerable of the survivors Many had been evacuated from area around quake-damaged Fukushima nuclear plant Much frustration over when they will be able to move from temporary housing complexes
London  CNN  -- The Beatles , the Beach Boys , Fleetwood Mac , the Kinks , the Clash , Oasis -- rock music 's history is littered with bands marred by messy breakups . Even spending three decades on the road together seems no barrier to disharmony , as Peter Hook and his former New Order bandmates are finding out . The musicians are now exchanging bitter words in public while fighting in court over who owns the right to use the New Order name . Hook compares the situation to a bitter divorce ; singer and guitarist Bernard Sumner says the bass player 's decision to perform the band 's early material on tour is "  disrespectful . " "  This is quite a unique way of arguing ... this fracas now of arguing over the trademark , " Hook tells CNN by telephone . "  None of this ` namby-pamby sitting around a table and sorting it out , ' we want to do it all in public . " New Order was formed in 1980 by Sumner , Hook and drummer Steven Morris , who had previously been in melancholy post-punk band Joy Division until the death of singer Ian Curtis . Along with keyboardist Gillian Gilbert they went on to break new ground by combining northern guitar music with synthesizers , and later dance rhythms . The group 's 1983 single "  Blue Monday " remains the biggest-selling 12-inch disc in UK chart history . Hook left in 2007 , claiming it would be impossible for New Order to make music without him . However , Sumner , Morris and Gilbert reformed four years later without him and are now touring and planning to release new material under the New Order name . The bassist says he has raw feelings about his exclusion . "  I was n't even told they were reforming , " he says . "  I just got a cryptic message to listen to the radio at 1pm on the Monday when it was announced . It 's like being divorced and getting shown the door without even being told why . " For his part , Sumner has laid into Hook , saying that the bassist was affected badly after being treated for alcoholism . "  When he came out of treatment for this event , he was a worse person , in my opinion , " the guitarist told the now-defunct Spinner.com . "  He tore strips off me and said everything that had ever gone wrong with New Order was my fault ; everyone was really puzzled ... And then he just started attacking everyone else -- the management -- everyone was 's *** ' except him . " The singer also said he was saddened by his former bandmate 's lack of interest in New Order , and Hook confirmed that a reunion seemed unlikely . "  Will we get back together ? At the moment we 're at the stage when , if you 're getting divorced , your wife 's cutting the dog in half and tearing all the sleeves off your suits ... so the answer would have to be no . " Hook likens the dispute to four people who run a shop for 30 years together . "  Then one day you came along and the others have locked you out . They 're inside still selling without your knowledge and consent . How would you feel ? " Warming to his theme , the 57-year-old poses the question : "  Why was I locked out of the shop ? It obviously has to do with the fact that I resurrected the Joy Division music . But they resurrected it first when they played as Bad Lieutenant  the band name Sumner performed under between 2008 and 2011  without asking me . It 's do as I say , not as I do . "  But anyone has the right to play Joy Division . I ca n't stop a busker playing ` Blue Monday ' ; I might have an opinion about it , but I ca n't stop him . " Hook 's new band The Light is playing two dates in the United States this week , performing the first two New Order albums , 1981 's "  Movement " and "  Power , Corruption and Lies " from 1983 in their entirety . The divorce metaphor never far away , he says playing the older material is like "  getting the kids for the weekend after a particularly nasty split . It 's nice to get the songs back . " " ` Movement ' is a very Joy Division record with New Order vocals , whereas by the time "  Power , Corruption & Lies " came along , it was a proper New Order record . On "  Movement , "  producer  Martin Hannett played the vocals down a lot , so it 's nice with the experience I have now , to be able to really belt it out properly . " On previous tours Hook 's group played the two Joy Division albums , material New Order rarely performed . "  I 'm celebrating the Joy Division thing that New Order made a conscious decision to ignore -- and were right to ignore . But once New Order split up and I was on the outside , you start thinking , hang on a minute everyone revered Joy Division . The only people who do n't celebrate it were the people who were in Joy Division . " Hook acknowledges the name of his old band is far better known to fans than that of his new one , so the legal battle over who owns the trademark is not just a matter of pride . "  I 'm trying to establish my name , " he says . "  But if you 're talking about a group like New Order that has an established brand and trademark , then yes , you make much more off live performances now than you do off recording . "  And it 's the Rolling Stones phenomenon . No one wants to hear your new stuff anyway , they want to hear your old stuff . "	New Order former bandmates trade bitter words while fighting over right to name New Order was formed in 1980 by Bernard Sumner , Peter Hook and Steven Morris Hook left in 2007 , and band reformed without him . He says he feels excluded Hook 's new band The Light is playing two dates in the United States this week
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Space travel , security threats and increasing passenger numbers are forcing major changes in the way airports are designed . Elegant space : the interior of the proposed Virgin Galactic spaceport in New Mexico In fact , when discussing the future of the airport it is now appropriate to consider both conventional air travel hubs we are familiar with , as well as the imminent ` spaceports ' . The rush of interest in setting up ` space tourism ' companies has seen proposed spaceport projects in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates , and California , Oklahoma , New Mexico , Florida , Virginia , Alaska and Wisconsin in the United States . Russia , Australia , Sweden and Portugal have also been rumored as potential spaceport locations . Meanwhile , the air travel industry is continuing to expand operations despite the challenges facing some airlines . And there are some radical new ideas being developed for future air and spaceports . See a picture gallery of futuristic airport and spaceport designs " The adventurous views of Dave Evans , chief technologist at business solutions company Cisco Systems , highlight the types of changes we could soon see in airports and indeed the new features we may witness in spaceports . Speaking at a FAA/NASA/Industry Airport Planning Workshop in 2006 , Evans suggested that pilots of the future could fly without hands and from the comfort of their own home  using brain-machine interfaces , in which the human brain actually exchanges electronic signals with a computer  . He also said future airports would have virtual intelligence personnel to perform the jobs of many airport workers ; and that people would be able to check-in remotely using a cell phone embedded with a RFID  radio frequency identification  chip . But what will these new airports and spaceports look like ? Graeme Johns , who is an architect at British airport design company , The Design Solution , believes airports of the future will continue to expand , with bigger security and commercial areas . Johns , who is involved in projects in London  the new Heathrow T2 terminal  , Delhi , Mumbai , Doha , Abu Dhabi and Oman , said many new airports were being more adventurous with designs . "  I think there is definitely a move towards more avant-garde designs . People are trying to do things more site-specific rather than keeping to the same old formula . "  Definitely in the Middle East they throw everything at it , also in the Far East there are some large developments . They are all vying for transit passages , " he said . Johns said one of the biggest challenges was balancing commercial space with operational space . "  There 's lots of pressure to make larger security areas ... but a big thing for us is trying to move up the commercial side of airports . " Future airports would likely include a better range of shops , he said . "  We are definitely looking at broadening the offering of shops and bringing in things that have n't traditionally been in airports , " John said . If all of this is n't exciting enough for you -- then of course there are spaceports . Internationally renowned design company Foster and Partners won a competition to build Virgin Galactic 's spaceport in New Mexico . Company founder Lord Norman Foster said the project was one of the most exciting and futuristic he had been involved in "  This technically complex building will not only provide a dramatic experience for the astronauts and visitors , but will set an ecologically sound model for future spaceport facilities . " And what will this magnificent new structure include ? A tunneled entrance , a ` super-hangar ' for the space-craft , and retaining walls that form an exhibition documenting the history of space exploration alongside the story of the region , are just some of the features . So whether or not you have the money to make the space flight , Virgin Galactic 's spaceport is going to be a place well worth visiting .	Airports are likely to see bigger security and commercial areas in future Foster and Partners is building a spaceport in New Mexico for Virgin Galactic The Middle East and Far East are creating the most futuristic new airports
CNN  -- A convicted sex offender who was sentenced to death for killing a 9-year-old Idaho boy is scheduled to be arraigned Monday on charges related to the killing of a 10-year-old California boy . Joseph Edward Duncan III will answer charges in the 1997 abduction and murder of Anthony Martinez . Joseph Edward Duncan III is expected to appear in court in Riverside County , California , to answer to charges in the 1997 abduction and murder of Anthony Martinez , said a spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney 's office . Investigators have charged Duncan with murder in Anthony 's death . Law-enforcement officials also are investigating whether Duncan , who committed his first sexual offense at the age of 12 , can be tied to other crimes , according to CNN affiliate KTLA in Los Angeles , California . Martinez was kidnapped on April 4 , 1997 from an alley near his home in the city of Beaumont , the station reported ; the boy 's naked body was discovered a little over two weeks later . Duncan has confessed to killing Martinez and crushing the boy 's head with a rock , KTLA reported , citing court documents . Authorities reportedly discovered the boy 's body by following vultures to a remote section of a nearby canyon . The body was partially buried under a pile of rocks and bound with duct tape , according to KTLA . Duncan , a high school dropout and drifter , was sentenced to death last August for the torture and murder of Dylan Groene , a 9-year-old Idaho boy . He was convicted of kidnapping Dylan and his then 8-year-old sister before torturing them at a remote campsite and fatally bludgeoning members of their family . In 2007 , Duncan pleaded guilty to murder and kidnapping counts in state court for the hammer-attack murders of three other Groene family members . If convicted of murdering Martinez , Duncan can be sentenced to death again .	Joseph Duncan committed his first sexual offense at the age of 12 He was sentenced to death last August for the murder a 9-year-old boy Duncan could be sentenced to death a second time if convicted again
CNN  A south Georgia man was charged Tuesday with murder in the death of a couple who went missing last week after contacting a car seller on Craigslist , police said . Ronnie "  Jay " Adrian Towns , 28 , also was charged with armed robbery , the Telfair County Sheriff 's Office said on its website . A judge denied bail for Towns , who also waived his right to a preliminary hearing . After Towns ' initial appearance , reporters shouted questions as he was led from the courthouse , but the suspect remained silent . The victims were shot in the head , police said . Elrey "  Bud " Runion , 69 , and his wife , June , 66 , had driven three and a half hours from an Atlanta suburb in search of a classic car after posting on the popular want-ad website . Their bodies were recovered Monday in woods in rural Telfair County . An autopsy Tuesday confirmed their identities . Towns turned himself in Monday . His father told CNN affiliate WSB on Tuesday that his son said he was innocent . "  He said , ` Daddy , I ai n't had nothing to do with this , ' " Ronnie Towns Sr. told the station . "  It ai n't Jay . I do n't believe he did it . " The suspect 's father told WSB that he went into the woods Monday where Towns was hiding and talked him into surrendering . His son had no prior record , he said . Telfair County Sheriff Chris Steverson said Towns had the "  last known communications " with Bud Runion . The couple made the trip to look at a 1966 Mustang , and once Runion got to Telfair County , the suspect communicated with him , according to the sheriff . He did not say who called whom . McRae is about 180 miles from Marietta , where the Runions lived . "  Early on in the investigation , we did contact Mr. Towns , and we did interview him and by the information he provided , we found it to be false and deceptive , " the sheriff said shortly before Towns turned himself in . "  After we interviewed him , our efforts to contact him were unsuccessful . Today we 've contacted his family , and they 've been helpful in locating him . " At the victims ' home in Marietta , people placed flowers at a memorial around a flagpole in the front yard . A neighbor had lowered the flag to half staff . Another neighbor brought a child 's bicycle . He said Bud Runion used to fix bikes through a church group for children in need . "  Bud is a veteran . He and June are great people . They give so much ; they are selfless , " Josh Patterson , the couple 's son-in-law , said Monday . Though the overwhelming majority of Craigslist transactions occur without incident , the site has a history of being co-opted by criminals . Just in recent years , there have been numerous such instances . In Henderson , Nevada , police said a man placing an ad in July met three men at a park , who took him to a vacant house , tied him up , beat and robbed him , then escaped in his car . In March , a San Jose , California , woman responding to an ad for a cellular phone was allegedly kidnapped at gunpoint by two men who drove her to an ATM and demanded her passcode , police told a newspaper . In May 2013 , a Maine teenager drove to Portland to sell his BMW sedan to a 29-year-old who had responded to his Craigslist ad . The teen was allegedly forced into his own trunk and driven to Delaware , according to media reports and an FBI affidavit . 11 disturbing crimes linked to Craigslist Faith Karimi and Eliott McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Father of suspect says his son , Ronnie "  Jay " Adrian Towns , claims he is innocent Elrey "  Bud " Runion and his wife , June , had traveled from the Atlanta area to south Georgia to look at a car They were shot in the head , police said
CNN  -- With Rick Perry instantly assuming the top spot among candidates for the Republican presidential nomination , it is no surprise that nearly every other man and woman on stage with him at last night 's debate took aim . Citing his executive order mandating inoculations against a sexually transmitted disease that can lead to cervical cancer , Michele Bachmann expressed outrage that Perry , she said , had "  forced " "  government injections " of 12-year-old girls . Jon Huntsman archly claimed that Perry 's skepticism about a border fence was nothing short of "  treasonous . " Ron Paul accused Perry , his fellow Texan , of raising his taxes , increasing the state 's debt , and expanding the state government 's workforce . The most extended critique of Perry , though , came right out of the gate , from Mitt Romney . Romney accused Perry of trying to scare senior citizens and ruin the Republican Party by calling Social Security unconstitutional , a Ponzi scheme and a failure . Of all the jabs at Perry last night , these mattered most . Social Security stands out as the most important topic generating substantive disagreement among the top Republican contenders . In a debate that vacillated between broad principles of national defense and the rule of law on the one hand , and small government initiatives conducted at the state and federal levels on the other , this particular exchange featured disagreements about one of the oldest , largest and most popular entitlement programs in the country . Just as important , the exchange between Romney and Perry over Social Security underscored their competing views about the meaning of limited government . In their first sentences about entitlement reform , these candidates stand together for reducing waste , slashing fraud and trimming the federal government . It is in the second and third sentences , though , that the differences become clearer . For Perry , power should devolve to the states , and the federal government should maintain operations over only those policy domains for which it has a clear constitutional responsibility . As he noted in his opening remarks last night , the very reason he wants to be president is to make Washington less consequential in the lives of Americans . When asked later about Social Security , Perry went out of his way to offer assurances that the benefits for current and near retirees would remain intact -- "  slam dunk , guaranteed , " as he put it . But he persisted in characterizing the issue of Social Security reform primarily as one of increased state control . "  The issue is , are there ways to move the states into Social Security , for state employees or for retirees . " Romney , by contrast , has proposed a variety of measures that in his view will shore up Social Security without either increasing taxes or reducing the federal government 's involvement . Though he did n't lay them out Monday night , the components of Romney 's plan include the raising of the retirement age , the creation of personal retirement investment accounts for younger workers , and the indexing of benefits to prices rather than wages , as is currently done . Between the two at last night 's debate , Perry was the clear audience favorite . But should Perry win the nomination , we can expect President Obama to pick up right where Romney left off on Social Security . On the other hand , if Romney can survive a Republican primary season in which the median voter is vastly more conservative than in the general election , then the terms of next year 's debate about Social Security will be vastly more conventional -- to the great relief of moderates and frustration of the tea party sponsors of last night 's debate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Howell .	William Howell says front-runner Rick Perry was target for GOP candidates at debate He says Mitt Romney turned focus to Social Security and Perry 's Ponzi scheme comment He says Perry now says he 'd keep Social Security safe , then talks about moving it to states Howell : Perry may be favored , but in general election Social Security stance would hurt him
Sunset  -- The first thing Laura Slipak says when I drag my stressed self into the chill lobby of the Mod Resort , her Austin Powers-chic hotel in Palm Desert : "  Oh , dear . " The mood is mod and the art is amazing . And you do n't even need a car to enjoy it . The second thing she says : "  I think someone needs a Mod-tini . " Yeah , baby . I 've just suffered through two-plus hours of Inland Empire gridlock so that I can unwind in the desert , and I plan to ditch my car for the weekend  if not , alas , forever  . Which is why I 've come to Palm Desert . Not only does it do the whole midcentury modern thing perfectly , but of all California 's desert resorts , it 's also probably the most pedestrian - and bike-friendly . Sunset.com : Top 10 dream towns The Mod is just a three-minute walk to the glittery shopping and dining street El Paseo , and a short bike ride away from everything else I 'm interested in checking out this weekend . That includes galleries , a recently unveiled collection of California landscape paintings at the Living Desert museum , and the new Eric Johnson Memorial Gardens  named after the "  desert landscape guru of the Coachella Valley , " who was also a former garden editor for Sunset  . Then again , if Laura offers me one more of her mood-altering apple martinis , I might just park myself beside the salt-water pool and spend the rest of the afternoon meditating on the cerulean water . Sculptures , cycles and cactus Not to worry . After a mind-clearing dip in the pool , it 's a sunset walk to downtown Palm Desert to scope out the town 's public art , beginning with freshly installed sculptures rising out of the El Paseo median against a backdrop of rust-colored mountains . The air is as dry as chalk , the fading desert light gallery-perfect for pondering a 25-foot-long piece pairing an iridescent hummingbird with a damselfly . In the morning , it 's a five-minute stroll to Funseekers to rent a bike . Okay , it would have taken five minutes if I had n't diverted up the block to take a look at the black-and-white midcentury modern house of William Boyd  better known as Hopalong Cassidy  and then dropped in at the Desert Art Collection & Sculpture Garden , a very cool gallery with a large courtyard set with sculptures amid palm trees , cactus and bougainvillea . At Funseekers , I 'm feeling conflicted . Not only does it have all sorts of bikes to rent , but it also offers Segways and mopeds . Still , I 've pledged to be fume-free this weekend , so I opt for a hybrid bicycle and power a mile and a half up a bike lane along Portola Avenue to the Living Desert , where I 'm just in time for the docent-led tour of paintings of woodlands , seascapes and deserts . My favorite : Granville Redmond 's "  Cloudy Day at Monterey , " from the early 1900s . Later , I ride the length of El Paseo to the Eric Johnson Memorial Gardens , an oasis of curving paths that take you past gurgling waterfalls , cactus-covered sand dunes and a shaded rock-wall canyon . If I could somehow get Laura to deliver one of her Mod-tinis here , I could just chill out all afternoon . No matter . After dropping my bike off , I hoof it to Pacifica Seafood Restaurant , known for its fresh fish and its vodka bar -- 130 kinds from 19 countries -- where vodka martinis are $ 6 all night long . Perfect . Even better , it 's a short walk back to the resort . 48 hours in Palm Desert Friday : Check into the Mod Resort  from $ 169  , owned by a fashion designer from Malibu . Enjoy a killer margarita on the patio at Armando 's Dakota Bar & Grill  average entrées $ 13 - $ 20 ; 73-260 El Paseo ; 760/346 -0744  . Saturday : Check out the Desert Art Collection & Sculpture Garden  free ; 45350 San Luis Rey Ave.  . Then rent a bike  from $ 25 per day  or a moped  from $ 62 per day  at Funseekers  73-865 State 111 ; 760/340 -3861  and ride down El Paseo , making a stop at Imago Galleries  45-450 State 74 ; 760/776 -9890  , which , with its blue-chip artists , is practically the MOMA of the desert . The nearby Palm Desert Visitor Center  72-567 State 111 ; 760/568 -1441  is a good place to pick up bike-trail maps and explore the surrounding Eric Johnson Memorial Gardens  free  , a multisensory setting of desert plantings . The Gardens on El Paseo  73-545 El Paseo  , an open-air shopping plaza , has a number of excellent dining spots , including Sullivan 's Steakhouse  average entrées over $ 31 ; 760/341 -3560  , for steaks and jazz , and Pacifica Seafood Restaurant  average entrées $ 21 - $ 30 ; 760/674 -8666  , for oysters on the half-shell and cheap martinis . Sunday : At the Living Desert  $ 13 ; 47900 Portola Ave. ; 760/346 -5694  , mornings are a good time to catch the young animals -- like Maliki , a giraffe calf born in May -- at their most active . But first check for the next docent-led tour  11 -- 3 ; no set times  of 50 California landscape paintings . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2008 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Palm Desert is a pedestrian - and biker-friendly town The Living Desert museum holds a collection of California landscape paintings Pacifica Seafood Restaurant is known for its fresh fish and its vodka bar
Rome  CNN  -- Amanda Knox again protested her innocence in the 2007 killing of British exchange student Meredith Kercher Tuesday , in a written statement to the Italian court hearing her retrial . In the statement , presented to the appeals court in Florence by Knox 's lawyer , Luciano Ghirga , the American student insisted she had done nothing wrong . "  I must repeat to you . I 'm innocent . I did not rape , I did not steal ... I did not kill Meredith , " Knox said . The retrial began in September without either Knox or her former boyfriend and fellow accused Raffaele Sollecito in court . Both have maintained their innocence . The presiding judge , Alessandro Nencini , read aloud Knox 's statement Tuesday . In it , Knox said "  there is no scientific proof that puts me in the crime scene " and that Kercher 's killer had left enough traces behind for the court to be satisfied it was not her . "  It is impossible to identify and destroy genetic traces and leave others . I was not there , " she said . Knox said that her behavior after Kercher 's murder was discovered , when she could have left the country but instead stayed to help the investigation , also demonstrated she was not involved in the killing . She complained of her treatment by police , saying she had been lied to , threatened and hit by them . Knox also told the court that she had endured psychological pressure during her first murder trial , in 2009 , because she was called many things . " ' I was called a wolf in sheep 's clothing , a rapist , a thief , psychotic ... Try to imagine your 20-year-old daughter being called all these things , " she said . "  I am not psychotic . I do n't have a split personality . " Knox 's ex at retrial : Life has been a nightmare Acquittal overturned Sollecito and Knox were convicted in 2009 of killing Kercher , 21 , who was found stabbed in November 2007 in the villa that she and Knox rented in the central Italian university town of Perugia . Their convictions were overturned in 2011 for "  lack of evidence . " But Italy 's Supreme Court decided last year to retry the case , saying that the jury that acquitted them did n't consider all the evidence and that discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered . Prosecutor Alessandro Crini last month said both Knox and Sollecito should be convicted and handed a 26-year sentence for homicide , with an additional four years for Knox for slander . Knox 's lawyer called Tuesday for her "  acquittal verdict ... to be confirmed . " A lawyer for Kercher 's family , Francesco Maresca , gave his closing remarks Monday . "  No one remembers Meredith , while the two defendants write books , speak to the media and earn money , " Maresca said . The defense for Sollecito may present its arguments next month . Knox returned to her hometown of Seattle after her acquittal and has been living there since . She says she is afraid to return to Italy , where she spent four years behind bars . Ivory Coast citizen Rudy Guede has been convicted and sentenced for his role in Kercher 's murder . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	NEW : Kercher family lawyer : Meredith forgotten while defendants write books , earn money A defense statement from Amanda Knox is presented to the court in her retrial Knox and her former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito deny killing Meredith Kercher in 2007 Knox says she is innocent and that there is no evidence putting her at the crime scene
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon is making detailed plans to send about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in anticipation of President Obama 's decision on the future of the eight-year-old war , a defense official said Tuesday . Obama held a lengthy meeting with top advisers Monday night and said Tuesday that he would announce plans for Afghanistan after the Thanksgiving holiday . A Defense Department official with direct knowledge of the process said there has been no final word on the president 's decision . But planners have been tasked with preparing to send 34,000 additional American troops into battle with the expectation that is the number Obama is leaning toward approving , the official said . Obama ordered more than 20,000 additional troops to Afghanistan in March . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , reportedly has called for up to 40,000 more to wage a counterinsurgency campaign against the Taliban , the Islamic militia originally ousted by the U.S. invasion in 2001 . The president has weighed several options for bolstering the American contingent , ranging from sending a few thousand troops to sending the 40,000 McChrystal requested . McChrystal was among those who took part in Monday 's conference with Obama and other top advisers , which broke up at 10 p.m. Vice President Joe Biden , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen and Karl Eikenberry , the U.S. ambassador in Kabul , were among the other senior officials in the meeting . Obama said Tuesday that the deliberations have been "  comprehensive and extremely useful . " "  It 's going to be important to recognize that in order for us to succeed there , you 've got to have a comprehensive strategy that includes civilian and diplomatic efforts , " he said at a news conference Tuesday with visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . The military has planning under way to send these units : three U.S. Army brigades , totaling about 15,000 troops ; a Marine brigade with about 8,000 troops ; a headquarters element of about 7,000 ; and between 4,000 and 5,000 support troops -- a total of approximately 34,000 troops , according to a defense official with direct knowledge of Pentagon operations . CNN reported last month that this was the preferred option within the Pentagon . The troops would be dispatched throughout Afghanistan but would be focused mainly on the southern and southeastern provinces , where much of the recent fighting has taken place . Currently , brigades from Fort Drum in upstate New York and Fort Campbell in Kentucky are among those that are next in line to deploy . About 68,000 U.S. troops are in Afghanistan , along with about 45,000 from the NATO alliance . Two U.S. military officials said NATO countries would be asked to contribute more troops to fill the gap between the 34,000 the Pentagon expects Obama to send and the 40,000 McChrystal wanted . The request is expected to come during a December 7 meeting at the alliance 's headquarters in Brussels , Belgium . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell would not discuss specific numbers , but he said NATO would be asked for additional help . "  Clearly , if the president decides to commit additional forces to Afghanistan , there would be an expectation that our allies would also commit additional forces , " Morrell said . U.S.-led troops invaded Afghanistan in response to the al Qaeda terrorist network 's September 11 attacks on New York and Washington . The invasion overthrew the Taliban , which had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory , but most of the top al Qaeda and Taliban leadership escaped the onslaught . Taliban fighters have since regrouped in the mountainous region along Afghanistan 's border with Pakistan , battling U.S. and Afghan government forces on one side and Pakistani troops on the other . Al Qaeda 's top leaders , Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri , remain at large and are suspected to be hiding in the same region . The conflict has claimed the lives of more than 900 Americans and nearly 600 allied troops . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Tuesday suggests that the U.S public is split over whether more troops should be sent to Afghanistan . Fifty percent of those polled said they would support such a decision , with 49 percent opposed . The poll found that 66 percent of Americans believe the war is going badly , up 11 percentage points from a similar survey in March . Overall support for the war has fallen to 45 percent , with 52 percent opposed . iReporters sound off ; share your views on sending more troops in Afghanistan Afghanistan was among the topics Obama and Singh discussed in their meetings Tuesday . Singh said the international community needs "  to sustain its engagement in Afghanistan , to help it emerge as a modern state . " "  The forces of terrorism in our region pose a grave threat to the entire civilized world and have to be defeated , " he said . "  President Obama and I have decided to strengthen our cooperation in the area of counterterrorism . " India is one Afghanistan 's biggest international donors , contributing $ 1.2 billion in aid . That involvement has been met with suspicion in Pakistan , India 's nuclear rival in South Asia . But it has helped the United States by sharing some of the burden of stabilizing the country and providing civilian support . In addition , several leading analysts have argued that settling the decades-old tensions between India and Pakistan would allow both sides to pull troops off their borders , giving Pakistan more resources to battle the Taliban along its northwest frontier . "  I think that will certainly be at the center of the agenda this week , " Nicholas Burns , a former State Department official , said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " U.S. prospects in Afghanistan depend partly "  on convincing Pakistan to be more cooperative in the fight against those terrorist groups . " "  The United States is not going to be an outright mediator between Pakistan and India , but we can quietly , behind the scenes , push them to reduce their problems , " Burns said . CNN 's Elaine Quijano and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO allies will also be asked to send more troops , officials say Announcement on troop increase to come after Thanksgiving Obama met with national security team Monday night to discuss Afghanistan Obama wanted clarification on how , when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility
When 19-year-old weightlifter Zulfiya Chinshanlo won an Olympics gold medal for Kazakhstan on Monday , her feat was met with disappointment by some in China for what could have been their victory . Her success was also met with questions about her nationality as Chinese media reported Chinshanlo to be a Chinese national . According to the state-run Xinhua news agency , she was born and raised in Yongzhou , Hunan province under the Chinese name Zhao Changling . Xinhua quoted a Hunan provincial sports bureau official , Zhou Junfu , as stating before the London Olympics that Chinshanlo was the same person as Zhao Changling who had been transferred by the bureau to the Kazakhstan team in 2008 . China 's ` incredible ' Ye denies doping allegations Zhou recalled that during a training exchange in March 2007 in Hunan 's capital city , Kazakhstan 's weightlifting team expressed interest in having Chinshanlo live in Kazakhstan and represent the country at competitions . She was transferred to Kazakhstan in 2008 with permission to compete in all international competitions , state media said . It was then that she adopted the name of Zulfiya Chinshanlo , according to Xinhua . Chinshanlo was described by Xinhua as a fluent Chinese speaker , but unwilling to address questions relating to China , including when she left China and where her family is located . Asked if she would return to China , she was said to have paused for a long time before replying , "  I do n't know . " But she was apparently willing to comment on whether she missed Chinese food , saying she missed glutinous rice cakes -- evidence , Xinhua said , that she appreciates Chinese cuisine and has a "  Chinese stomach . " Eric the Eel dreams of Olympic return The official Olympics website lists Chinashanlo 's birthplace as Almaty , Kazakhstan 's largest city and its former capital . The International Olympics Committee requires athletes who are switching national teams to wait three years after representing their former team before competing in the Games . The waiting period can be shortened or waived with permission from the International Sports Federation and the National Olympic Committees concerned . Other Chinese athletes have left the nation to seek Olympic glory abroad . In particular , hundreds of stars in table tennis , a sport that China has traditionally excelled at , have competed for other countries . Table tennis player Jun Gao , who won a silver medal for the Chinese team at the 1992 Summer Olympics , later moved to the U.S. and naturalized as a citizen , competing on the U.S. team for three Olympic Games .	Weightlifter Zulfiya Chinshanlo won Olympics gold medal for Kazakhstan Chinese media reported she was born and raised in Hunan province under a Chinese name Hunan provincial sports bureau said she was transferred to Kazakhstan team in 2008 Many other athletes have left China to seek Olympic glory abroad
CNN  The makers of Cadbury Creme Eggs are walking on eggshells with fans of the beloved Easter treat after a recent tweak in the recipe . The chocolate eggs , filled with a cloying "  yolk " of yellow and white fondant , were originally made in the United Kingdom with Cadbury 's signature Dairy Milk chocolate . Now , under the new recipe , they 're made with "  a standard , traditional Cadbury milk chocolate , " said a spokeswoman for Mondelez International , a spinoff of Kraft Foods , in a statement . Kraft acquired British candy maker Cadbury in 2010 for roughly $ 19 billion . The change applies only to Cadbury eggs sold in the United Kingdom . The goo-filled eggs usually appear on shelves starting in January until April . "  We have always used a range of milk chocolate blends for different products , depending on their shape or consistency , " the spokeswoman said . "  The fundamentals of the Cadbury Crème Egg remain exactly the same -- delicious milk chocolate and the unique creme centre that consumers love . " However , fans are n't buying it . Some took to Twitter to vent their displeasure . According to Cadbury , 500 million creme eggs are made each year , and about two-thirds of those are consumed in the UK . This is not Cadbury 's first controversy of 2015 's creme-egg season : Fans expressed similar disappointment when the number of eggs in each pack was cut from six to five .	Fans of Cadbury Creme Eggs are upset about a recipe change Cadbury Creme Eggs appear on shelves from January until Easter American food giant Kraft acquired British-based Cadbury in 2010
CNN  -- Western powers on Thursday were debating using military power against Syria 's government to counter a chemical weapons attack in Damascus ' suburbs last week . On Wednesday , U.S. President Barack Obama said there 's no doubt that Syria launched chemical weapons attacks against its own people . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has blamed the August 21 attack on rebels . Most recent : -- The United States may have to take unilateral action against Syria after British lawmakers voted down a proposal for military action , a senior U.S. official said . -- British Prime Minister David Cameron was dealt a blow Thursday in his push for a strong response , including possible military action , against Syria after the House of Commons rejected the measure . -- The vote , 285-to-272 , came just minutes after members of Parliament voted down a Labour Party motion calling for additional time for U.N. weapons inspectors to gather evidence over whether al-Assad 's forces used chemical weapons in suburban Damascus . -- A closed-door meeting of the U.N. Security Council ended with no agreement on a resolution to address the crisis in Syria , a Western diplomat told CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh on condition of anonymity . "  It was clear there was no meeting of minds , and no agreement on the text . It is clear that our approaches are very different and we are taking stock  of the next steps  , " the diplomat said . -- Members of the Security Council expect U.N. weapons inspectors to brief Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon shortly after they depart Syria on Saturday . Ban , in turn , will swiftly brief the Security Council on the findings , the diplomat said . Previously reported : -- Cameron opened the emergency session of the House of Commons on Syria Thursday by saying the debate is about "  how to respond to one of most abhorrent uses of chemical weapons in a century " -- not about regime change or invasion . -- Cameron told the House of Commons that the UK government would not act without first hearing from U.N. weapons inspectors , giving the United Nations a chance to weigh in and Parliament to have a vote . -- But ultimately , failing to act would give al-Assad a signal that he could use such weapons "  with impunity , Cameron said . -- The British government on Thursday published a summary of its intelligence assessment on Syria 's alleged chemical weapons use , arguing that at least 350 people died in an attack in the Damascus area on August 21 , and that there is no plausible culprit other than the Syrian government . It is "  highly likely " that the Syrian government was behind the attack , the report said . -- The British government also published its legal reasoning for a strike on Syria Thursday , saying that it would be justified on humanitarian grounds . -- "  The use of chemical weapons by the Syrian regime is a serious crime of international concern , as a breach of the customary international law prohibition on use of chemical weapons , and amounts to a war crime and a crime against humanity , " the UK government 's statement read . "  However , the legal basis for military action would be humanitarian intervention ; the aim is to relieve humanitarian suffering by deterring or disrupting the further use of chemical weapons . " -- British members of parliament received an open letter from the Syrian government Thursday , urging them not to take any military action against Syria , the press office for House of Commons Speaker John Bercow said . -- The Syrian letter to British lawmakers compares the current situation to the march to war against Iraq a decade ago , and riffing on Shakespeare , saying : "  If you bomb us , shall we not bleed ? " It also says an attack on Syria would be illegal , and "  would automatically strengthen our common enemy , al Qaeda and its affiliates . " Chemical weapons in Syria : How did we get here ? -- Al-Assad vowed Thursday to defend against any Western military attack . "  The threats of launching an aggression against Syria will increase its commitments , " and "  Syria will defend itself against any aggression , " he said , according to Syrian state TV . -- U.N. inspectors entered the eastern part of the Ghouta region outside Damascus on Thursday , Syrian activists said . The Ghouta area was hit by the August 21 attack , activists say . -- Al-Assad 's claim that rebels were behind the August 21 chemical attack is impossible , Obama said on "  PBS NewsHour " Wednesday . "  We do not believe that , given the delivery systems , using rockets , that the opposition could have carried out these attacks , " Obama said . "  We have concluded that the Syrian government in fact carried these out . And if that 's so , then there need to be international consequences . " -- Former U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , who along with President George W. Bush helped send the U.S. military into action in Iraq and Afghanistan , told the Fox Business Network on Wednesday that the White House has yet to justify potential strikes in Syria .	NEW : The United States may have to take unilateral action against Syria , says an official British lawmakers vote down possible military action against Syria They also reject a Labour Party motion calling for additional time for U.N. inspectors A U.N. Security Council meeting ends with no agreement on a resolution on the crisis
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Elton John checked into a Los Angeles hospital Wednesday , where doctors diagnosed the 65-year-old singer with a serious respiratory infection , his publicist said Thursday . John was released from Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles after testing and treatment Wednesday , according to his publicist . John became ill while performing his "  Million Dollar Piano " show at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas last weekend , leading him to undergo testing at Cedars-Sinai on Wednesday . "  Those tests resulted in the attending Cedars-Sinai physician recommending that Elton not perform any concerts for approximately seven days with complete rest and antibiotic treatment to cure his respiratory infection and prevent any damage , " a statement from the publicist said . His shows Thursday , Saturday and Sunday at The Colosseum have been canceled , the statement said . "  It feels strange not to be able to perform these ` Million Dollar Piano ' concerts at The Colosseum , " John said in the statement . "  I love performing this show and I will be thrilled when we return to The Colosseum in October to complete the 11 concerts soon to be scheduled . All I can say to the fans is sorry I ca n't be with you . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	NEW : Elton John is released from Cedars-Sinai Medical Center after testing and treatment John , 65 , became ill while performing at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas last weekend Doctors order seven days of complete rest and antibiotic treatment His next three shows at the Caesars Colosseum are canceled
CNN  -- Singer Marc Anthony filed divorce papers Wednesday , seeking to officially end his marriage with entertainer Jennifer Lopez , a court spokesman said . The singer filed the paperwork in Los Angeles Superior Court , the spokesman said . The couple announced that they were ending their marriage in July . Anthony and Lopez wed in 2004 , in what was the third marriage for Lopez and the second for Anthony , who had been married to former Miss Universe Dayanara Torres . "  This was a very difficult decision , " the couple said in a statement released in July . "  We have come to amicable conclusion on all matters . It is a painful time for all involved , and we appreciate the respect of our privacy at this time . " CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Marc Anthony files divorce papers in Los Angeles Superior Court The couple announced they were ending their marriage in July The singers wed in 2004 ; it was the third marriage for Lopez and the second for Anthony
Washington  CNN  -- The new Congress is still a month and a half away from being seated , but the battle for the next Congress is already heating up . And the fight for the 2014 Senate may end up being the most compelling storyline as the dawn of the midterm campaign approaches . After failing to take advantage of a golden opportunity to win back control of the chamber this year , the GOP gets another chance in 2014 . The Democrats , with big victories in the 2008 election , will be defending 20 of the 33 Senate seats up for grabs in 2014 . If it sounds familiar , it is . Thanks to their success in the 2006 midterms , the Democrats defended 23 of the 33 seats up for grabs last week . In fact , they expanded their majority by at least one seat and probably two -- depending on which party Independent Angus King , the senator-elect from Maine , caucuses with -- from their current 53-47 majority . Analysis : It 's never too early to talk about 2016 "  It would be easy for someone to say the Democrats ` were on the defensive in 2012 and they did just fine , ' but I do n't think any two election cycles are exactly the same . We have to see what the political environment looks like ; we have to see what candidates and nominees emerge ; we have to see what kind of retirements we have . Those are the factors that play into how successful a party will ultimately be in the upcoming election , " says Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the non-partisan Rothenberg Political Report . And the current lame-duck session between now and the end of the year could also impact the next election . Difficult votes on avoiding the fiscal cliff in 2012 could come back to haunt some senators facing difficult primary or general election challenges in 2014 . Among the most vulnerable Democratic senators up for re-election in 2014 are  in alphabetical order  : Mark Begich of Alaska , Max Baucus of Montana , Kay Hagan of North Carolina , Tim Johnson of South Dakota , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Mark Pryor of Arkansas . Democrats may also have some open seats to defend . Sen. Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey is an obvious candidate to retire . He 'll be 90 by November 2014 . And Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia will be 77 by the midterms . Republicans and Democrats proclaim optimism on fiscal cliff deal "  There are some vulnerabilities on the Democratic side , but a lot of it depends on how popular the president is in the midterms and the quality of the Republican challengers against these Democratic senators , " adds Gonzales . A senior GOP strategist argues that President Barack Obama 's victory last week makes it tougher for some of those Senate Democrats facing challenging re-elections . "  The irony of this past election is that if you 're Mary Landrieu , Mark Pryor , Tim Johnson or other targeted Democrats , it would have been easier for each of them politically if President Obama had not been re-elected . Because the president 's liberal , big government agenda , and their longtime support for it , will undoubtedly play an even greater role in each of their races next cycle , " says the strategist , who spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity . But the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , the group that focuses on getting Democrats elected to the Senate , disagrees . "  Last week 's results proved that conventional wisdom is often wrong , especially two years out from Election Day . We 've proven we can win in red states , we can overcome steep spending deficits , and we can defy the odds even when the map is tilted against us . Remember only two Democratic incumbents have lost reelection in eight years , " DSCC Communications Director Matt Canter tells CNN . Opinion : Conservatives , do n't despair The 2014 geography seems friendlier to the GOP . Of the 13 Republican seats up for grabs next November , only Susan Collins of Maine comes from a state that 's not solidly red . The moderate Republican senator has n't said if she 'll retire or run for another term in 2014 . Some of the Republicans up for re-election , including Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , could face potential primary challenges . Regardless , just holding onto their seats wo n't be enough for the National Republican Senatorial Committee . A big problem , of course , is that the last GOP primaries resulted in some extreme , combustible or un-electable Senate candidates , who have arguably cost the Republicans five Senate seats over the past two cycles . That includes controversial comments about rape by Rep. Todd Akin of Missouri and Indiana State Treasurer Richard Mourdock , who both lost their contests last week . "  Republicans openly acknowledge that they have a lot of soul searching to do right now . The party is at war with itself . Even in more conservative areas of the country , voters reject the extremism and tea party ideology that has taken over the Republican Party , " suggests Canter . The key for the Republicans is if stronger , less controversial and more generally acceptable nominees emerge from their 2014 primary process . People ` unliking ' Romney on Facebook "  I think you can find common-sense conservative candidates who can appeal to primary and general election voters , " says another Republican strategist , adding this needs to come without the downside of those candidates saying some stupid things . For the GOP , the simple math of the next Senate means winning back the majority will be a tougher proposition in 2014 than it was this year . But Republicans do have one thing in their favor : A midterm electorate . "  If 2014 is similar to past midterm elections , the demographics of the people who turn out to vote will be very different from the electorate in the presidential elections of 2008 or 2012 , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  In midterms dating back to the 1990s , voters under the age of 30 represented 11 % -13 % of all voters , compared to 19 % this year . African-Americans in past midterms have represented 9 % -11 % of all voters , compared to 13 % in 2012 . So if history is any guide , the 2014 midterm electorate will be older and a bit whiter than this year , which could easily benefit Republican candidates , " adds Holland . Just like last cycle , we may not have to wait until Election Day for the first Senate contest of 2014 and if that 's the case , we 'll have Massachusetts to thank . The 2009 death of Democratic Sen. Ted Kennedy forced a January 2010 special election , which Republican state Sen. Scott Brown won , in an upset . If Massachusetts ' senior senator , Foreign Relations chairman John Kerry , is nominated as Obama 's defense secretary or secretary of state for his second term , there would be another special election in that state . And that could provide an opening for Brown , who was just defeated last week , to make a comeback . Moderate Senate Democrats eye midterms warily	The race for the 2014 U.S. Senate is already starting Democrats actually gained at least one Senate seat in last week 's election Republicans have one thing in their favor in 2014 - a midterm electorate
CNN  -- An outbreak of illness linked to consumption of tainted cantaloupes has been linked to 13 deaths and 72 illnesses in 18 states , a federal disease agency reported Wednesday . The outbreak -- blamed on the bacteria Listeria monocytogenes -- was first reported September 12 , when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said 15 people in four states had been infected . The illnesses were traced to consumption of Rocky Ford cantaloupes grown at Jensen Farms ' fields in Granada , Colorado . The deaths reported as of Tuesday morning occurred in Colorado  two  , Kansas  one  , Maryland  one  , Missouri  one  , Nebraska  one  , New Mexico  four  , Oklahoma  one  , and Texas  two  . The illnesses occurred in those states as well as in California , Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Montana , North Dakota , Virginia , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . Listeriosis primarily affects older adults , pregnant women , newborns and adults with weakened immune systems , according to the CDC website . Learn more about various types of food poisoning Jensen Farms , which is based in Holly , Colorado , is voluntarily recalling Rocky Ford whole cantaloupes that were shipped between July 29 and September 10 and distributed to Illinois , Wyoming , Tennessee , Utah , Texas , Colorado , Minnesota , Kansas , New Mexico , North Carolina , Missouri , Nebraska , Oklahoma , Arizona , New Jersey , New York and Pennsylvania . The cantaloupes bear a green-and-white sticker that reads : Product of USA - Frontera Produce-Colorado Fresh-Rocky Ford-Cantaloupe or a gray , yellow , and green sticker that says : Jensen Farms-Sweet Rocky Fords . Unlabeled whole cantaloupe should be taken to the retailer for sourcing information , the FDA said . "  Jensen Farms continues to stay committed to the highest levels of food safety and maintains many third-party safety audits , as we have for many years , " said Ryan Jensen , a partner at Jensen Farms . "  We continually look for ways to enhance our protocol . "	72 illnesses have been reported in 18 states The outbreak was first reported September 12 Illnesses linked to Rocky Ford cantaloupes grown at Jensen Farms in Colorado
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Malini Mehra is a woman in a hurry . She 's late for a meeting with Al Gore 's people , the batteries on her cell phone are running out , and besides , UK call roaming charges are "  horrendous . " Malini Mehra : "  We simply can not afford to be timid on climate change . " I 've managed to get her on the phone from Delhi , one of the three cities that serve as a base for the Center for Social Markets  CSM  , the organization she founded in 2000 . By Mehra 's own admission , she is "  in perpetual motion , regularly traveling between my offices and homes in Calcutta , Delhi and London . " Mehra 's not only on a tight timetable today -- the way she sees it she has just two years to change the Indian government 's position on climate change . "  2008 and 2009 are very , very important years for us . These are the years before we reach a global deal . " The timetable for a global pact was agreed at the UN climate talks in Bali last December . The Deal will replace the Kyoto agreement which runs out in 2012 . After Principal Voices Principal Voices last heard from Malini Mehra in 2006 when she took part in the Collaborative Corporation panel at the Design Museum in London . At the time , she stressed the need for individuals to make changes , however small , to contribute to the global effort to reverse climate change . In two years she says a lot has changed . "  For the first time people are talking about climate change in a much most focused way . " "  Consumers have become better informed and more demanding . But in a marketplace that 's buzzing with information overload they 've also become more confused . " "  It 's often not easy to know what the ` right thing ' to do is , " she says . "  That 's why we need a greater emphasis on ` personal responsibility ' not just ` corporate responsibility ' which can leave us having greater expectations of others than of ourselves . " The challenge Mehra has appointed herself chief antagonist to the Indian government on climate change . She 's not alone . Environmentalists within India and around the world are urging the government to do more to reduce the country 's carbon emissions . In late March , Greenpeace warned that 50 million people from India , and another 75 million from Bangladesh , could be displaced if global warming was allowed to rise above the two degree tipping point , the point when it becomes too late to act . Greenpeace campaign director Divya Raghunandan says , "  The Indian government has wrongly forsaken mitigation for adaptation and the forthcoming session of Parliament must debate this wisdom which has serious long term consequences . " India 's view is that the developed world has a long history of producing carbon emissions and that its recent economic development should not be unduly restrained by having to meet restrictive global targets . In an address to the Delhi Sustainable Development Summit , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said , "  We can not continue with a global development model in which some countries continue to maintain high carbon emissions , while the development options available for developing countries get constrained . " read full address here He 's offered to limit India 's per capita carbon emissions to the average carbon emission of developed industrial countries . With a population of more than one billion people , a per capita target would give India more room to maneuver . Changing attitudes Malini Mehra will be among the activists poring over the Indian government 's National Plan of Action on Climate Change when it 's released in June . She 's hoping there 'll be a shift in the government 's attitude and thinks that pressure from the public could be enough to prompt a rethink . "  Our job is to give voice to that public challenge and re-frame the debate from a victim-led ` ca n't do-won ' t do ' mentality to a ` can do-must do ' debate based on hope and good propositions , " she says . "  One in every six people on the planet is Indian and tomorrow 's world is Indian . We simply can not afford to be timid on climate change . It 's high time we owned the problem and started to change the world to deal with it . "	Malini Mehra on mission to change attitudes to climate change in India Participated in Principal Voices in 2006 , since then has stepped up campaign Says : "  Tomorrow 's world is Indian ... it 's high time we owned the problem " India critiqued for being slow to act , National Plan of Action due in June
