CNN  -- The plight of a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl who could die within weeks without a lung transplant has sparked a fight for new rules governing organ donations . Tens of thousands of people have signed a petition on Change.org , and a congressman has called on the Obama administration to take quick action . Sarah Murnaghan -- whose story CNN chronicled -- needs new lungs . She 's been in a Philadelphia hospital for months due to the cystic fibrosis that she 's had since birth . She 's at the top of the list for any pediatric lungs that may become available for transplant in her region . She 's been waiting for 18 months . None have come along . But doctors say modified adult lungs could help save her -- and adult lungs become available much more often . That 's where the rules becomes a problem . Kids under age 12 are n't prioritized for adult organs . So Sarah could only get available adult lungs if everyone else waiting for lungs in her region -- no matter how sick they are -- turns them down . Sarah 's mother , Janet Murnaghan , told CNN she was "  shocked " when she learned the rules a couple of weeks ago . The United Network for Organ Sharing  UNOS  manages the nation 's transplant system under contract with the Department of Health and Human Services . The network , established by Congress , is officially called the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network  OPTN  . Lawmaker assails ` tragic unfairness ' Rep. Patrick Meehan , a Republican who represents Sarah 's district , sent a letter Tuesday to Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius , calling on her to convene a meeting of the network 's leadership immediately "  to address this tragic unfairness and act to give Sarah a chance at life and an adult lung from the next available donor . Sarah 's young life literally hangs in the balance . " It 's a message echoed on the Change.org petition . "  This policy needs to change , " it reads . "  The OPTN/UNOS Lung Review Board , a national group of transplant physicians and surgeons , can make an exceptional ruling for Sarah . And they can recommend new policies . " People posted heartfelt messages along with their signatures . "  Because my daughter had  cystic fibrosis  and a double lung transplant . Give this little girl the life she is entitled to ! " wrote Reyna Kosla . "  She has just as much right to have a transplant as any adult . She could have her whole life if given that chance and for the parents to enjoy what some waiting adults have already experienced , " wrote Lorraine Husack . Organ network : Breaking the rules could hurt another patient OPTN issued a statement noting that there is a separate policy for children because the "  biological needs and circumstances of candidates younger than age 12 are different from either adolescent or adult candidates . One key difference is the size and lung capacity of donors and patients among these age ranges . " Kids younger than age 12 are prioritized for donations from other kids of similar age and size within a 1,000-mile radius . Policies allow "  status adjustments for specifically defined groups of candidates with unique medical circumstances not addressed by the overall policy , " the statement says . But , it adds , a "  request to adjust the status of a patient under age 12 so that they may be included in the allocation sequence for adolescents and adults is not within the scope of the existing lung allocation policy . OPTN can not create a policy exemption on behalf of an individual patient , since giving an advantage to one patient may unduly disadvantage others . " The network routinely reviews policies and considers "  public input as well as medical data and experience , " the statement said . Dr. Stuart Sweet , a board member at UNOS , helped develop the current policies . "  There is no perfect system , " he told CNN . "  It 's the best we can do right now . " Sweet said Sarah 's story "  tugs at his heart " but that if he changed the system for Sarah 's advantage , "  there 's another patient , very likely an adolescent , who gets a disadvantage . " "  We 've built a system that tries to be as fair to everyone as possible . " CNN 's Chris Welch , Zain Asher , and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan could die within weeks if she does n't get new lungs Rules allow children to be prioritized for similar size organs , but not adult organs A lawmaker calls on HHS Secretary Sebelius to convene a meeting immediately The agency managing organ donations and transplants says breaking rules could hurt patients
CNN  -- Rush Limbaugh brought a cheering crowd to its feet several times Saturday at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington as he called on fellow conservatives to take back the country . Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh energizes crowd of supporters in CPAC keynote speech . "  We conservatives have not done a good enough job of just laying out basically who we are , because we make the mistake of assuming that people know . What they know is largely incorrect , based on the way we 're portrayed in pop culture , in the drive-by media , by the Democrat party , " the conservative talk show host told a mostly young crowd of energized supporters . "  We want every American to be the best he or she chooses to be . We recognize that we are all individuals . We love and revere our founding documents , the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence . We believe that the preamble of the Constitution contains an inarguable truth , that we are all endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights , among them life , liberty , freedom -- and the pursuit of happiness , " he said , pausing several times for enthusiastic applause . Looking ahead to the 2012 election , Limbaugh said conservatives will have to choose the right candidate to take the country back . Limbaugh 's impassioned keynote speech , punctuated by chest-thumping , fist-pumping and chants of "  USA " from the crowd , capped off three days of talk at CPAC focusing on rebuilding the Republican Party . "  He played to his crowd here , " CNN political editor Mark Preston said . "  And this crowd is now energized , something we have n't seen from Republicans , certainly not conservatives , since the November election . " Limbaugh used his self-described "  first national address , " which ran more than an hour longer than his allotted 20 minutes , to accuse President Obama of inspiring fear in Americans in order to push a liberal agenda of "  big government . " "  He wants people in fear , angst and crisis , fearing the worst each and every day , because that clears the decks for President Obama and his pals to come in with the answers , which are abject failures , historically shown and demonstrated . Does n't matter . They 'll have control of it when it 's all over . And that 's what they want , " Limbaugh said . "  They see these inequalities , these inequities that capitalism produces . How do they try to fix it ? Do they try to elevate those at the bottom ? No , they try to tear down the people at the top . " Limbaugh praised Obama as one of the most gifted politicians he has seen , but said , "  It just breaks my heart that he does not use these extraordinary talents and gifts to motivate and inspire the American people to be the best they can be . He 's doing just the opposite . " Limbaugh also dismissed the notion of bipartisanship as a "  false premise " given the diverging views of the Democratic and Republican Parties on a variety of issues , including the recent $ 787 stimulus package signed by Obama . "  Bipartisanship occurs only after one other result . And that is victory , " he said . Watch Limbaugh discuss bipartisanship " "  What -LSB- Democrats -RSB- mean is we check our core principles at the door , come in , let them run the show , and then agree with them , " he said . Limbaugh 's rollicking speech came the day after Obama supporters put out a political ad implying that the conservative radio host has become the de facto head of the Republican Party in the absence of a clear GOP leader . The ad argues that the Republican leadership in Congress is following Limbaugh 's lead in opposing the Obama administration 's stimulus package . "  So who are Republican leaders listening to ? " the announcer asks , before the 30-second ad cuts abruptly to footage of Limbaugh saying , "  I want him -LSB- Obama -RSB- to fail . " It was paid for by Americans United for Change and the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees union , two groups that supported Obama during the election and are advocating for his agenda . Limbaugh does n't speak for all Republicans or conservatives . Copies of the American Conservative magazine with the headline "  How radio wrecks the right " were distributed to CPAC attendees , Preston said . "  There is some criticism of Rush Limbaugh . Some people think he is a reactionary , " Preston said . Limbaugh defended his remark about wanting Obama to fail , comparing it to his desire to see the Arizona Cardinals "  fail " in this year 's Super Bowl game against the Pittsburgh Steelers . Watch Limbaugh explain failure remark " "  This notion that I want the president to fail , folks , this shows you a sign of the problem we 've got , " he said . "  What is so strange about being honest and saying , I want Barack Obama to fail if his mission is to restructure and reform this country so that capitalism and individual liberty are not its foundation ? Why would I want that to succeed ? " he said , bringing the crowd once again to its feet . "  Did the Democrats want the war in Iraq to fail ? Well , they certainly did . And they not only wanted the war in Iraq to fail , they proclaimed it a failure . "	"  We want every American to be the best he or she chooses to be , " he says Limbaugh says conservatives need to choose right candidate to take back nation He accuses President Obama of inspiring fear in Americans to push his agenda Opponents had put out political ad implying Limbaugh was de facto head of GOP
CNN  -- At least two confirmed tornadoes descended upon towns in western Massachusetts on Wednesday , leaving at least four dead and smashing homes and buildings across a 40-mile stretch , state officials and witnesses reported . One person was killed in Springfield , two in nearby Westfield and one in Brimfield , about 20 miles east , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick told reporters Wednesday night . The storms struck shortly after 4 p.m. in Springfield , about 90 miles west of Boston . Dylan McDonald told CNN he watched the tornado knock down trees and scatter debris across town as he was driving with a co-worker . "  As the light turned green , a tree fell and everything took off , " McDonald said . "  We saw a roof fly off an apartment building . The car was tilting , but did n't turn over . " As many as 19 communities reported tornado damage Wednesday evening , Patrick said . The governor declared a state of emergency as the storm system that spawned those twisters moved east , with watches posted all the way to the Atlantic coast until late Wednesday . "  It 's been particularly devastating in downtown Springfield , " Patrick said . And he said a local official told him , "  You have to see Monson to believe it . " Monson resident Dolly Opper said state police were setting up roadblocks around the town , and a neighbor described the town 's center as "  war zone . " "  I have n't been home , " she said . "  The steeple 's off the church across the street . It 's lying right in the front yard . " At J.T. 's Sports Pub , on Springfield 's Main Street , owner Keith Makarowski said he and the 10 or so patrons intially went outside to watch the darkening skies -- then retreated as the storm blew into downtown . "  There was a ton of debris flying around , lots of roof shingles and random siding , " Makarowski said . Several century-old buildings were damaged -- "  roofs torn off , facades ravaged , trees uprooted " -- and a woman across the street was blown up against a building after being caught outside . "  Luckily , two people from inside the building were able to pull her in , and she seemed like she was OK , " Makarowski said . Massachusetts State Police Sgt. Michael Popovics said Springfield , Monson , Westfield and seven other towns -- Agawam , Charlton , Oxford , Palmer , Sturbridge , West Springfield and Wilbraham -- reported severe damage . Sandra Ahearn , a spokeswoman for the Western Massachusetts Electric Co. , said 12,000 customers were without power in the utility 's service area and that hard-hit areas might not have electricity until the end of the week . Patrick said he has mobilized 1,000 National Guard troops to assist with cleanup and search-and-rescue operations . The Massachusetts State Police said it had activated dog teams to look for people in damaged buildings and described many streets in Springfield as "  impassable " due to fallen power lines and trees . The damage came amid a wave of heavy thunderstorms that moved through the Northeast on Wednesday afternoon . Tornado watches were also issued for northern Connecticut , Rhode Island , New Hampshire and Maine until 11 p.m. Wednesday . Though not as tornado-prone as much of the Midwest or South , Massachusetts has averaged two to three twisters per year since 1950 , according to figures from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . In 1953 , a massive tornado that struck Worcester and nearby towns killed 90 people , according to NOAA ; the last tornado to hit the state was in 2008 . CNN 's Jennifer Westhoven , Anna Gonzalez , Matt Smith , Leigh Remizowski , Julia Talanova and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : "  There was a ton of debris flying around , " a witness says Deaths have been reported in Springfield , Westfield and Brimfield , Massachusetts "  Particularly devastating " tornado damage reported in Springfield Gov. Deval Patrick has mobilized National Guard troops to aid cleanup
Beijing  CNN  -- Beijing ushered in the Year of the Dragon with a bold move . Starting this week , the city 's Environmental Monitoring Center has begun reporting air quality data that includes readings of PM2 .5 , or Particulate Matter smaller than 2.5 micrometers , and other pollutants . Zhao Jialin , a blogger on Sina Weibo , a Twitter-like microblog site , tweeted : "  Thank the government for making this effort to solve the problem . It is a Chinese New Year gift from them to the people . " Changhua Wu , Greater China director of The Climate Group , a London-based independent group , hailed it as "  a major step forward " for China 's air pollution control efforts . "  This decision is a timely response of the government to a public outcry to tighten the standards and regulations on air pollutants , " she says . Contrary to Chinese officials ' claims that the city 's air quality has improved since it hosted the 2008 Olympic Games , many residents in Beijing have complained about worsening air pollution . "  Reached the standard ? " asked Chinese blogger Fenghuangming . "  They did n't just pick the spot where the air quality is the best , did they ? " Public cynicism and frustration peaked several days ago when for two days the city was covered with heavy haze and smog , forcing the cancellation of almost 700 flights at Beijing airports . Debate over the credibility of Beijing 's air quality reporting has been brewing for months . It all came to a boil in November when Beijing 's Environmental Monitoring Center reported the city 's air quality as "  slightly polluted , " while the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , using its own monitoring instruments , tweeted its real-time reading as "  hazardous . " Why the discrepancy ? Beijing , it turned out , merely reported the PM 10 readings , which measured only larger particles , while the U.S. Embassy readings measured ozone density and PM 2.5 , referring to particulates "  small enough to get into the lungs and the blood stream , " according to the embassy website . Should China adopt the stricter PM2 .5 standards ? Some prominent personalities , including Chinese environmentalists , entrepreneurs and journalists , think so . Last December , real estate mogul Pan Shiyi conducted an online poll on Sina Weibo . More than 90 % of the more than 40,000 respondents agreed that "  the authorities should adopt PM2 .5 standard this year  2011  . " Four percent believed "  it can wait until next year , " while only one percent thought there was no need to adopt it . Experts say Beijing 's adoption of PM2 .5 this week shows the growing influence of local public opinion . "  It seems clear that public pressure has played a role and has speeded up Beijing city 's implementation of the new measures , " says Deborah Seligsohn , advisor of the World Resources Institute , which runs a climate energy and pollution program in China . Although China sometimes seems to drag its feet in solving its environmental problems , Seligsohn says the Chinese have taken some creditable steps . "  China has implemented the largest build-out of Flue Gas Desulfurization , or scrubbers , ever seen over the last five years , " she says . "  These are to control sulfur dioxide on power plants . " Beijing has also increased its enforcement of building standards . "  Beijing and other cities are quite good at installing insulation and other building efficiency measures that reduce energy use and this reduce pollution , " says the Beijing-based expert . Seligsohn also praises Beijing 's push to expand its network of subway lines . "  People often forget that they 've continued to build major lines since the Olympics , " she says . "  It was n't just for show , it was to serve this city . " Four new subway lines are expected to start operating later this year . Fares on subways and public buses remain cheap to encourage more people to take public transport . The number of vehicles in Beijing reached 4.98 million last year , worsening traffic congestion and air pollution . "  We have a high population density , " says Song Guojun , a professor at Renmin University . "  It 's not necessary for everyone to drive their own cars . If we have a more developed subway system and public buses , it 's not difficult to control the number of cars . " Despite all these efforts , experts say , Beijing is still a long way from cleaning up its reputation as a polluted city . Seligsohn likens Beijing with Los Angeles . "  With their difficult meteorological conditions and a large number of pollution sources , addressing pollution is a long-term and difficult task , " she explains . "  LA began to combat air pollution in the mid-1950s , well before US national regulation , and still in the 1970s , 20 years later , it was famous for its smog . In the 40-plus years since the Clean Air Act was passed , LA has never been fully in compliance with EPA standards , even though it has continued to improve . " Beijing has likewise made a lot of progress since 2006 , Seligsohn said . "  But they have years of work ahead of them , and there is n't one single silver bullet or one fundamental problem . What is good is that they have begun , and they have an engaged public that supports tighter regulation . " Pan , the real estate billionaire who pushed for PM 2.5 readings , said adopting stricter standards is the right step . "  Only when people have the knowledge of the air quality around them will they change unhealthy behavior , " he said . With the adoption of PM2 .5 , Beijing residents may now reasonably expect to get realistic readings -- "  hazardous , " not "  slightly polluted " -- when the city 's air quality is really bad .	Many residents in Beijing have complained about worsening air pollution In November , Environmental Monitoring Center reported "  slightly polluted " U.S. Embassy in Beijing tweeted its real-time reading as "  hazardous " Experts say Beijing 's adoption of PM2 .5 shows growing influence of public opinion
Washington  CNN  -- Just days after a magnitude 5.8 earthquake cracked the Washington Monument in four places , the National Park Service is trying to protect it from being further damaged by Hurricane Irene , spokeswoman Carol Johnson said Friday . Engineers for the National Park Service are working inside the Washington Monument to "  plug holes and catch anything that they ca n't plug , " Johnson told CNN . "  We have a group of people who are on ropes up there , trying to pin and plug whatever they can . " The engineers are using a flexible insulation called backer rod . "  They are basically jamming it into the cracks , " Johnson said . "  They are doing what they can and putting this backer rod in and then they are going to go back up and inspect after the storm , " she added . One area of special concern -- the most extensive damage to the stonework near the top caused by Tuesday 's earthquake . "  The crack is about 4 feet long and 1 inch wide and in some places wider and you can see sunlight through the crack , " Johnson said . The monument is closed indefinitely to the public while engineers assess the damage caused by the quake . Even without the new cracks , the monument would have experienced seepage because of the way it was built , according to Johnson . "  The anticipation is there will be more water because of these cracks . These cracks allow the water to get directly through and that is why we are doing everything we can to put in temporary waterproofing , " Johnson said . However , the water is not expected to compromise the stability of the structure , she said . The first rain bands from Hurricane Irene began hitting the South and North Carolina coasts Friday . The storm is expected to near the D.C. area Saturday night into Sunday .	Park service engineers are using flexible insulation to fix cracks caused by quake The monument is closed indefinitely while engineers assess the damage Hurricane Irene is threatening much of the East Coast , from the Carolinas to New England
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The suspected cyberattack targeting South Korean banks and broadcasters originated from an IP address in China , South Korean regulators said Thursday , heightening suspicions of North Korean involvement . The attack Wednesday damaged 32,000 computers and servers at media and financial companies , South Korea 's Communications Commission said . It infected banks ' and broadcasters ' computer networks with a malicious program , or malware , that slowed or shut down systems , officials and the semiofficial Yonhap News Agency said . Suspicion immediately fell on North Korea , which has recently renewed threats to go to war with the South amid rising tensions over Pyongyang 's nuclear weapons , and missile testing and international efforts to stop them . Some past cyberattacks on South Korean organizations that officials linked to North Korea were traced to IP addresses in China . An IP address is the number that identifies a network or device on the Internet . China , which has been accused by U.S. organizations of supporting cyberattacks , said Thursday that it was aware of reports on the matter . "  We have pointed out many times that hacking is a global issue . It is anonymous and transnational , " said Hong Lei , a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman . "  Hackers would often use IP addresses from other countries to launch cyberattacks . " South Korean officials are still analyzing the cause of the network crashes and are working to prevent any further damage , the country 's communications commission said . Increased alert level The military has stepped up its cyberdefense efforts in response to the widespread outages , which hit nine companies , Yonhap reported , citing the National Police Agency . Government computer networks did not seem to be affected , Yonhap cited the National Computing and Information Agency as saying . A joint team from government , the military and private industry was responding . A South Korean official close to the investigation told CNN that malicious computer code spread through hacking caused the outages . How the hackers got in and spread the code remains under investigation , and analysts are examining the malware , the official said . U.S. flies B-52s over South Korea Previous attacks linked to North South Korean officials have not said who they suspect unleashed the malicious code , but experts believe it is consistent with what North Korea has done in the past . "  It 's happened before in similar circumstances where there have been tensions on the peninsula , " said Adam Segal , a cybersecurity expert with the Council on Foreign Relations . There did n't appear to be any mention of the computer crash in North Korean state media . South Korea has accused the North of similar hacking attacks before , including incidents in 2010 and 2012 that also targeted banks and media organizations . The North rejected the allegations . The outages come amid heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula , with the North angrily responding to a recent U.N. Security Council vote to impose tougher sanctions on Pyongyang after the country 's latest nuclear test last month . Last week , North Korea invalidated its 60-year-old armistice with the South . It has threatened to attack its neighbor with nuclear weapons and has also threatened the United States . The armistice agreement , signed in 1953 , ended the three-year war between North and South but left the two nations technically in a state of war . The United States has deployed B-52 bombers to conduct high-profile flyovers of its South Korean ally and announced that it will deploy new ground-based missile interceptors on its West Coast against the remote possibility that North Korea could strike the United States with long-range weapons . Under threat , South Koreans mull nuclear weapons Accusations against U.S. , South Korea Last week , North Korea complained that it was the victim of "  intensive and persistent virus attacks " from the United States and South Korea , according to KCNA , the official North Korean news agency . Yonhap said Wednesday 's outages affected three broadcasters , four banks and two insurance companies . The three broadcasters -- KBS , MBC and YTN -- reported varying levels of trouble containing the virus . While the networks remained on the air , cable network YTN said editing equipment had been affected and it expected to experience broadcasting problems , Yonhap reported . Computer networks stopped working entirely at three banks -- Shinhan , Nonghyup and Jeju -- around 2 p.m. Wednesday , Yonhap reported , citing the National Police Agency . Another financial institution , Woori Bank in Seoul , reported it was able to fend off a hacking attack about the same time . The banks that were affected reported problems with a variety of systems , including Internet banking , ATMs and telecommunication services , and some branches stayed open late because of the slowdown , Yonhap said . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong and Michael Pearson from Atlanta . Judy Kwon in Hong Kong and Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : China says hackers often use IP addresses from other countries North Korea has staged similar attacks in the past , expert says Previous attacks linked to the North have been traced to Chinese addresses Banks , broadcasters targeted ; government networks unaffected , Yonhap reports
CNN  -- With lights , floats and flying , Russia kicked off the opening ceremony in Sochi as the world turns its attention to the costliest Olympic Games in history . Spectators from all over the world watched the introduction of athletes that marked the official start of the Winter Olympics . Light shows and music , lots of it , filled the air , starting at exactly 8:14 p.m. local time , or 20:14 in military time . "  Most of the ceremony focuses heavily on Russian classical music , " said Konstantin Ernst , the main creative producer of the ceremony . "  Unfortunately , unlike London , we can not boast a plethora of famous world-known pop performers . This is why we are now focusing on what Russia is best known for musically around the world ; namely , classical music . " The celebration opened with a dream sequence of a little girl , who imagined all of the letters in the Russian alphabet , each letter recalling a Russian writer , artist or landmark . Then the girl , rigged with wires , flew into the air and floated dreamlike over floats that depicted Russian landscapes . The athletes followed . Despite anxiety about terror strikes , controversy over gay rights and ridicule for poor preparations , the nation 's officials have maintained that the sites in Sochi are secure . It will be "  the safest place on Earth during the Olympics , " said Dmitry Chernyshenko , head of the Games . Russian President Vladimir Putin , who pushed the International Olympic Committee to hold the Games in the nation , attended the ceremony . The opening ceremony was the only event scheduled for the day . About 40,000 people watched from the stands at Fisht Olympic Stadium in Sochi . Russian classical music star Anna Netrebko performed the Olympic anthem . A day before , high excitement marked qualification events in the men 's and women 's slopestyle , women 's moguls and team figure skating . SECURITY Russia has drafted 37,000 police and security officers to handle security in Sochi , but that has not done much to assuage fears . Turkish hijacking : A Turkish jetliner signaled a hijacking and landed in Istanbul on Friday after a passenger said a bomb was on board and told crew members to take the plane to Sochi , Turkish officials said . A suspect is reportedly in custody , and authorities are searching the plane for explosives . Toothpaste terror : A day after the United States warned of how explosive materials could be concealed in toothpaste or cosmetic tubes , its government Thursday temporarily banned all liquids , gels , aerosols and powders in carry-on luggage on flights between the United States and Russia . U.S. partnership : U.S. authorities are working with Russia and other countries to try to disrupt several possible threats , including the toothpaste tube concern , a U.S. intelligence source said Thursday . The threats vary in credibility , and the biggest one traces to the group Imarat Kavkaz in Russia , which has publicly said its followers will try to disrupt the Games , the official said . "  The threat stream is credible , I think it 's real , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California . Private protection : The U.S. ski and snowboarding team has hired a private security firm , Global Rescue , to provide protection . It 's not clear how much the firm could do in the event of a major incident when Russian forces will be in charge . But it has been gathering intelligence on the ground and will provide an extra layer of protection as athletes travel around . Ships for safety : Two U.S. Navy ships have steamed into the Black Sea , where they will be ready to help if any mass evacuation of U.S. citizens is needed . U.S. security officials are working with their Russian counterparts to keep the Games safe against the backdrop of a regional separatist movement that has threatened to use terrorism at the Olympic Games . Targets of threats : Americans are not the only ones who are jittery . Austria said two of its female athletes had been the target of specific threats . Austrian media reported that an anonymous letter was sent warning Alpine skier Bernadette Schild and skeleton racer Janine Flock they could be kidnapped . We 've heard it before : It 's not the first time security issues have dominated the buildup to the Olympics . Britain parked missile batteries on apartment block roofs and a warship on the River Thames before the 2012 Games . The Salt Lake City Winter Olympics in 2002 were held amid heightened security only months after the 9/11 terror attacks in the United States . And in 1996 , the Summer Games in Atlanta were subject to a terror attack . PREPARATIONS When Russia bid to host its first Winter Olympics in 2007 , a document quoted an expected cost of around $ 12 billion . That figure has ballooned to around $ 50 billion . That 's more than four times over budget and surpasses the cost of Beijing 's 2008 Summer Games -- making it the most expensive Olympics ever , summer or winter . Russia had less than seven years to transform what was a fairly low-key seaside resort town into a Winter Olympics venue . The project required staggering feats of engineering in building a new freeway and rail link up a mountain , and a ski resort on the top . And yet questions about Sochi 's readiness have dogged the final run-up to the Games . Not quite there : While the sports facilities were completed in good time , journalists and others arrived in Sochi this week to find that some of the 40,000 new hotel rooms were far from ready and that construction workers were still hard at work on parts of the Olympic Park . Thanks to pictures of chaotic scenes posted on Twitter , Russia 's pride has not been spared . But CNN 's Ben Wyatt in Sochi reports that the picture is not all bad . His hotel has been "  superb , " and staff and Games volunteers are clearly making an effort to be helpful and speak English , he said . While some media hotels and landscaping projects have not been completed on time , the sporting venues all look to be in very good condition , he said . PROTESTS Every Olympics has protests . But thanks to social media , Russia is facing a global backlash . What got many people riled was Russian lawmakers ' passage last summer of legislation known as the anti-gay propaganda bill . The law makes it illegal to tell children about gay equality . Open letter : More than 200 writers from around the world signed an open letter published Thursday in the UK newspaper The Guardian , calling for a repeal of laws that have placed a "  chokehold " on the right to free expression in Russia . "  As writers and artists , we can not stand quietly by as we watch our fellow writers and journalists pressed into silence or risking prosecution and often drastic punishment for the mere act of communicating their thoughts , " the letter said . Designated site : There is a designated protest site in Sochi . But there 's been criticism of organizers ' decision to tuck it away in a hard-to-reach village 7 miles  11 kilometers  from the main Olympic Park . More protests may be yet to come -- perhaps even by athletes -- despite an Olympic Charter rule that bans demonstrations in any Olympic sites and other areas . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Zain Asher , Carol Jordan , Michael Martinez , Jake Tapper , Evan Perez and Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect reportedly in custody in Turkey after jet bomb threat , desire to fly to Sochi Opening began with a girl , rigged with wires , flying over floats depicting Russian landscapes Russian President Vladimir Putin attended Putin pushed for the International Olympic Committee to hold the Games in the nation
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- An Australian author imprisoned last month for insulting the king and crown prince of Thailand was on his way home Saturday after receiving a pardon from the king . Harry Nicolaides behind the bars of a Thai holding cell . Harry Nicolaides , 41 , was arrested last August over his 2005 book titled "  Verisimilitude . " The book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince that authorities deemed a violation of a law that makes it illegal to defame , insult or threaten the crown . CNN has chosen not to repeat the language because it could result in CNN staff being prosecuted in Thailand . Mark Dean , a lawyer for Nicolaides , said he was released Friday and taken to the Australian embassy in Bangkok , where he stayed until leaving for Australia at about midnight . "  He is obviously very relieved and grateful that the pardon was granted , " Dean said . Nicolaides was sentenced to three years in prison after pleading guilty last month . He faced a term of up to six years before the plea . Watch shackled Nicolaides at court " His lawyers then requested the pardon . King Bhumibol Adulydej had pardoned foreigners in similar cases in the past . Dean said Nicolaides was deported from Thailand , but that he did not know of any other stipulations related to the pardon . In an interview with CNN International , Dean avoided repeating what Nicolaides wrote , but said the passage was presented as a rumor , not a fact . "  This is probably not the best time to repeat the passage that was found to be offensive , " Dean said . "  But it concerned the crown prince of Thailand and a rumor that was being circulated in Thailand about the crown prince . " Nicolaides had been living in Thailand since 2003 , lecturing at two universities about tourism . He was about to leave Thailand when he was arrested on August 31 . It is not clear why the authorities waited three years after the publication of his book to bring charges against him . Fifty copies of the book were published , and only seven were sold . Thailand 's king is highly revered in the Buddhist nation . But even he has said in the past that he can be criticized . Thailand 's prime minister , Abhisit Vejjajiva , also has told CNN he is concerned about what he called misuse of the law . Still , other cases of violating the law are pending before the Thai Criminal Court , involving both Thais and foreigners .	Harry Nicolaides , 41 , was arrested last August over his 2005 book The book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince Authorities deemed it a violation of a law that makes it illegal to insult the crown Man 's lawyer says he was relieved and left for Australia at about midnight
LEONE , American Samoa  CNN  -- Taitasi Fitiao was holding her six-year-old daughter 's hand when a tsunami wave crashed onto their coastal village in American Samoa . A man stands on the remains of what was once a tourist resort in Samoa 's capital of Apia . "  I held her hand . The wave got us and that 's when her hand just left mine and I could hear her say , ` Mom , please . ' And then I saw her , I saw her floating away . And I knew right then that she was gone , she was taken from us . " Taitasi Fitiao ran to her daughter 's school after an 8.0-magnitude earthquake rocked the small cluster of Samoan islands early Tuesday , triggering a tsunami . The teacher had let the students go home after the temblor struck . Fitiao had felt some relief when she briefly united with her daughter , but then the wave came . "  I ca n't believe she 's gone . She 's only six years old , " she said of her youngest child , Valjorefa Uputaua Fitiao . The villagers of Leone -- one of the largest towns in American Samoa with a population of more than 2,000 -- searched for Valjorefa . They found her about one day after the waves took her from her mother . "  When they found her , she still had her backpack on and school uniform , " Fitiao said . The Fitiao family plan to bury her with her gray-and-black backpack because she loved school so much . Watch a family mourns the loss of their daughter " At the family home on Thursday , Valjorefa 's backpack was drying on a clothing line and some crayons and a notebook with her school work were on the ground . They plan to bury her in the front yard , as is the custom here . "  We really miss our daughter , " said her father , Faataui Fitiao . Ten people , including Valjorefa , died in Leone . Villagers and the U.S. Army reserves are looking for one person still missing : a six-year-old boy , whose family wants to bury him in the front yard , too . Samoa 's prime minister talks about the devastation " At least 168 people are confirmed dead in the aftermath of Tuesday 's quake and tsunami . They include 22 people killed in American Samoa , 139 in Samoa and seven in Tonga , according to officials on the islands . Watch the tsunami take over a street " | CNN visits a destroyed fishing village " A second quake , a 5.5-magnitude temblor struck near the Samoan islands at 6:13 p.m. Wednesday evening  1:13 a.m. Thursday ET  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , while a 6.3-magnitude quake rattled Tonga on Friday . U.S. President Barack Obama addressed the disaster at an event Wednesday in Washington . "  To aid in the response , " he said , "  I 've declared this a major disaster to speed the deployment of resources and FEMA ... is working closely with emergency responders on the ground , and the Coast Guard is working to provide immediate help to those in need . "  We also stand ready to help our friends in neighboring Samoa and throughout the region , and we 'll continue to monitor this situation closely as we keep the many people who have been touched by this tragedy in our thoughts and in our prayers , " Obama said .	Latest death toll from Tuesday 's quake , tsunami stands at 168 Taitasi Fitiao loses her six-year-old daughter in the tsunami Ten people died in Leone from the tragedy The Fitiao family will bury their daughter in the front yard , as is the custom here
CNN  -- BP and plaintiffs involved in the legal battle over the Gulf of Mexico oil spill -- the largest in U.S. history -- have reached an agreement , both sides said late Friday . BP estimated that it would have to pay about $ 7.8 billion in the Deepwater Horizon disaster settlement . "  The proposed settlement represents significant progress toward resolving issues from the Deepwater Horizon accident and contributing further to economic and environmental restoration efforts along the Gulf Coast , " said Bob Dudley , the CEO of BP . A group representing the plaintiffs in the case said the settlement "  will fully compensate hundreds of thousands of victims of the tragedy . " "  The settlement is to be fully funded by BP , with no cap on the amount BP will pay , " the group added . U.S. District Court Judge Carl Barbier wrote in an order that the two sides have "  reached an agreement on the terms of a proposed class settlement which will be submitted to the court for approval . " A civil trial on the issue was scheduled to take place in Louisiana federal court . Among the defendants were BP , the well operator and majority shareholder in the venture , rig-owner Transocean , construction contractor Halliburton and other firms associated with the project . Among the thousands of plaintiffs are fishermen , hotel owners and other Gulf Coast residents . The three-month-long spill , the largest oil spill in U.S. history , was triggered after an explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon oil rig on April 20 , 2010 . Eleven people were killed in the blast . CNN 's John King contributed to this report	"  The settlement is to be fully funded by BP , " CEO says The plaintiffs say there is no cap on what BP will pay them The deal will "  fully compensate hundreds of thousands of victims of the tragedy , " plaintiffs say
CNN  -- A federal judge on Friday ruled against four Republican presidential candidates seeking a spot on Virginia 's March 6 primary ballot , saying they waited too long to file their claims . Left off the ballot are Texas Gov. Rick Perry , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , former U.S Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman . The four candidates challenged the state 's residency requirements for those seeking to circulate ballot petitions , but Judge John Gibney ruled against the challenge . The four candidates "  knew the rules in Virginia many months ago , " the judge wrote in his ruling . "  In essence , they played the game , lost , and then complained that the rules were unfair . " Gibney , a 2010 appointee to the federal bench in Richmond by President Barack Obama , said his ruling denied the candidates ' motion for a preliminary injunction . "  The plaintiffs have waited too long to file , and the doctrine of laches bars their claim , " Gibney wrote . "  The Commonwealth is far along in the electoral process . The primary election is so close that the plaintiffs can not gather the requisite signatures to get on the ballot . To place the plaintiffs on the ballot would deprive Virginia of its rights not only to conduct the primary in an orderly way but also to insist that a candidate show broad support , " the judge wrote . Two other candidates did qualify for the GOP primary : former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and Rep. Ron Paul of Texas . Gingrich told CNN 's Erin Burnett the decision means "  voters of Virginia have been denied five candidacies that ought to be on there . " "  We 're going to keep going , " Gingrich said . "  It just means that I have to ultimately , coming out of winning South Carolina  and  winning Florida , I 'll have to beat Romney in enough extra states to make up for it . " The Paul camp welcomed the decision and said the campaign is now a "  two-man race . " "  Nothing new was learned here today , as the Virginia ruling merely confirms the suspicions of what many people feel about the viability of Perry , Gingrich , Huntsman , and Santorum , " national campaign chairman Jesse Benton said in a statement . Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli said he did n't expect the ruling to be the last word in the ongoing case , which is expected to be appealed to a federal appeals court in Richmond . "  I am pleased that the district court is allowing Virginia 's orderly election process to move forward , " Cuccinelli said in a statement . "  The ruling today dealt only with the request for a preliminary injunction . The litigation is ongoing . " Virginia holds its Republican primary on March 6 , Super Tuesday . At stake in the primary are Virginia 's 49 delegates . Virginia state law specifically prohibits voters from writing in candidates not on the ballot in primary elections . Huntsman and Santorum did not file petitions with the Virginia State Board of Elections that would have allowed them a place in the state 's primary . Gingrich and Perry filed petitions that were rejected by the Republican Party of Virginia for not meeting requirements . The four candidates sued the state 's board of elections over laws they claimed were unconstitutional . Virginia requires candidates to obtain 10,000 signatures from registered voters in the state , with at least 400 signatures coming from each of the state 's 11 congressional districts . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Gingrich says "  we 're going to keep going " Virginia attorney general indicates candidates may appeal Four candidates "  played the game , lost , and then complained , " judge rules Perry , Gingrich , Santorum and Huntsman wo n't be on Virginia primary ballot
CNN  -- House Republicans are going forward with plans to sue President Barack Obama and will base their legal case on the sweeping health care law he championed and they despise . Speaker John Boehner said the suit , which also highlights an ironic Obamacare twist , will follow the argument Obama violated the Constitution by circumventing Congress and alone delaying the law 's requirement for businesses to provide coverage . "  In 2013 , the President changed the health care law without a vote of Congress , effectively creating his own law by literally waiving the employer mandate and the penalties for failing to comply with it , " Boehner said in a statement . "  That 's not the way our system of government was designed to work . No president should have the power to make laws on his or her own , " he added . The Republican-led House is expected to vote on a resolution authorizing legal action against the President over Obamacare at the end of the month , just before lawmakers head home for August to campaign for midterm votes . Boehner then is expected to hire attorneys to actually file the suit in federal court . But the timing of that is unclear . The Rules Committee plans to hold a hearing on the matter with outside legal experts . White House calls it a ` stunt ' The White House expressed disappointment in a statement , saying Boehner and Republicans are wasting time and taxpayer resources on a "  political stunt . " "  As the President said today , he is doing his job -- lawsuit or not -- and it 's time Republicans in Congress did theirs , " the statement said . Obama defiantly challenged Republicans last week , saying he would continue to take steps he felt were necessary with or without the support of congressional Republicans . "  So sue me , " he dared them . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi also dismissed the suit as a political "  stunt . " The case magnifies a toxic partisan climate that has engulfed Congress and come to define Obama 's relations with Republicans in general . Some arch-conservatives in the party want him impeached . Pushing forward Boehner does n't agree with such a step , but he 's plowing ahead with an unusual legal challenge built around Republican claims Obama has abused his authority at the expense of the legislative process . Boehner 's staff has consulted experts and considered several options for the legal basis needed to make the case . Another key area of contention was Obama 's move in 2012 to defer deportations of children who enter the country illegally -- a hot button issue today with thousands of minors crossing the southern border unaccompanied . Also , environmental regulations and the Taliban prisoner exchange that freed Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl were criticized . But a senior House Republican leadership aide said the health care case gives the House "  the best chance of success in the courts . " So far , the House has passed two bills aimed at curbing executive orders . Neither has gone anywhere in the Democratic-controlled Senate . Must prove harm Many legal experts have already said any lawsuit of this kind would face challenges . In order for it to be formally considered by the courts , House Republicans must prove that the chamber was somehow injured as an institution . Obamacare has been a partisan flashpoint since it 's passage in 2010 with no GOP support . The House has approved dozens of bills aiming to weaken or repeal it . The Obama administration a year ago postponed a requirement that businesses with more than 50 workers provide their employees with health insurance . The so-called employer mandate now wo n't take effect until 2015 . Ironically , the same lawmakers pressing the lawsuit on Thursday actually voted on House legislation a year ago that would have delayed the mandate . But pushing that measure through the Democratic-controlled Senate would have required debate , possibly other changes , and a likely delay just as the administration was gearing up to put the measure into practice . Justifying the apparent contradiction of suing the President over taking action they actually supported initially , Republican aides said it is up to Congress to make those changes in law , not the President . Not personal Another centerpiece of the initiative required individual Americans to obtain health insurance from Obamacare or on the private market , or face a possible fine . So far 9 million people have signed up for plans under the health law , the administration has said . It 's the signature domestic policy achievement of Obama 's presidency so far and a rallying cry for Republicans , especially on the midterm campaign trail . Earlier in the day , Boehner argued a suit was n't simply a personal issue , but a move to defend Congress as an equal branch of government . "  It 's not about Republicans versus Democrats . This is about the legislative branch that 's being disadvantaged by the executive branch . And it 's not about executive actions . Every president does executive orders , " Boehner said . Saying most presidents act lawfully , Boehner said Obama "  is basically rewriting law to make it fit his own needs . " Read the resolution  PDF Boehner op-ed : Why we must now sue the President Opinion : Dear Speaker Boehner : Do your job instead CNN 's Dana Davidsen contributed to this report .	Republicans say Obama changed the employer mandate on his own , violated Constitution House Speaker John Boehner promised a lawsuit over claims Obama abused his authority The White House called the suit over Obamacare a "  political stunt " NEW : Some Republicans backing the suit approved a bill to make the same change in law
Rome  CNN  -- The brother of an Italian girl missing for nearly 30 years urged the Vatican to investigate her case as several hundred demonstrators carrying pictures of her marched to St. Peter 's Square on Sunday . The march came a day after Italian prosecutor Giancarlo Capaldo told CNN that a priest who used to run a church in Rome is under investigation on suspicion of complicity in the abduction of Emanuela Orlandi . Msgr. Piero Vergari , the former rector of Sant ` Apollinare , is being investigated along with four members of a criminal gang , Capaldo said Saturday . Missing children , perception vs. reality Vergari , who left the position in 1991 , did not reply to an e-mail from CNN seeking comment . "  We want the Vatican to open a serious investigation into the case , " said Piero Orlandi , the missing girl 's brother . Sunday 's march is the latest attempt to get to the bottom of one of Rome 's most enduring mysteries , the disappearance of Emanuela Orlandi , the daughter of a Vatican employee . Orlandi , then aged 15 , was last seen at her flute lesson at a music school on the grounds of Sant ` Apollinaire late on the afternoon of June 22 , 1983 . The case has spawned conspiracy theories pointing the finger at everything from the Mafia to the Vatican itself . We recommend : Body of missing Harvard student found A top Vatican exorcist , the Rev. Gabriele Amorth , told CNN he suspected the girl had been abducted for sexual reasons , saying "  The investigation should be carried out inside the Vatican and not outside . " Two weeks ago , police acting on an anonymous tip opened the crypt of a mob boss in the Church of Sant ` Apollinaire in search of the girl 's remains . The Vatican had given investigators special permission to open the tomb of Enrico " Renatino " De Pedis following a 2005 phone call to a television program saying the truth would be found there . Investigators found dozens metal boxes , all containing bones , inside the crypt that contained the remains of De Pedis . Most are probably hundreds of years old but a source close to the investigation said some are much more recent . Is this what Baby Gabriel looks like now ? Testing them will be "  a long job , weeks or months , " the source said , asking not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . "  It 's like a puzzle of bones . " Supporters of the Orlandi family chanted "  Truth , truth " in St. Peter 's Square outside the Vatican on Sunday . Some wore headbands like the one Orlandi wore in one of the most reproduced pictures of her , while others held white balloons and banners . Rome 's Palazzo del Campidoglio displayed a giant poster of the missing girl on Sunday . A former mayor of Rome expressed hope Sunday that the Vatican would do more to help with the investigation . "  The Vatican attitude has changed , they are more cooperative , " said ex-mayor Walter Veltroni , who is close to the Orlandi family . Veltroni made an appeal for anyone who knows the truth to come forward . "  I 'm sure there are many people in Rome that know and that could help to discover the truth , " he said . "  It 's time for them to talk . "	Emanuela Orlandi vanished from Rome at the age of 15 nearly 30 years ago A priest is suspected of complicity in her disappearance , a prosecutor says Hundreds of demonstrators urge the Vatican to reveal what it knows about the case Investigators open the tomb of a mob boss in search of the girl 's remains
CNN  -- In the 22 years that Jay Leno hosted the "  Tonight Show " -- give or take the spare months Conan O'Brien took the helm -- O.J. Simpson was the celebrity most often used as the butt of Leno 's jokes . The TV veteran took aim at politicians and celebrities with equal zeal , landing family friendly barbs about Lindsay Lohan alongside wisecracks about Al Gore .  Interestingly enough , former President Bill Clinton was the biggest Leno target of all . But on Thursday , Leno departed "  Tonight " with a simple , tearful farewell . "  It 's fun to kind of be the old guy and sit back here and see where the next generation takes this great institution , and it really is . It 's been a great institution for 60 years . I 'm so glad I got to be a part of it , but it really is time to go , hand it off to the next guy . It really is , " Leno said . "  And in closing , I want to quote Johnny Carson , who was the greatest guy to ever do this job . And he said , ' I bid you all a heartfelt goodbye . ' " Now as we reminisce about his comic talents , we take a look at the stars he most frequently joked about , which are listed below . Although the joke was occasionally on Leno in the press , the 63-year-old 's late-night colleague , Jimmy Kimmel , made a great point with his goodbye tweet to Leno . "  Issues aside , 20 years at # 1 is a remarkable achievement , " Kimmel posted Thursday . "  Congratulations and best wishes to @jayleno on an incredible run . " At least Leno can know that after all the drama he 's had in his position , he 's going out on top . Relive some of his best moments in the video below . Tune in to the "  Tonight Show " on February 17 to see the newest host , Jimmy Fallon , take over .	Jay Leno 's 22-year run on "  The Tonight Show " ended Thursday O.J. Simpson was the celebrity he joked about the most He often landed barbs about politicians , too Former President Bill Clinton was the most frequent target of all
CNN  -- A CBS correspondent was brutally attacked Friday in Cairo 's Tahrir Square after the resignation of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , the network said in a statement released Tuesday . Lara Logan , 39 , was covering celebrations for a "  60 Minutes " story , the network said , when a frenzied mob of about 200 people surrounded her , her crew and their security team . Separated from the others in the chaos , Logan was surrounded , beaten and sexually assaulted , the statement said . A group of women and about 20 Egyptian soldiers intervened to rescue the correspondent , the network said . Logan reconnected with her team and returned to her hotel , CBS said . She returned Saturday to the United States , where she has been hospitalized . CBS said it would have no further comment and that Logan and her family requested privacy . Logan , a native of South Africa , began her work with CBS on "  60 Minutes II " in 2002 and then moved to the original "  60 Minutes " two years later . She was promoted to chief foreign correspondent in 2006 and to chief foreign affairs correspondent in 2008 . Earlier during the Cairo protests , Logan and her crew were detained overnight and interrogated . "  We were not attacked by crazy people in Tahrir Square , " Logan told Esquire 's The Politics Blog about the February 3 incident . "  We were detained by the Egyptian army . Arrested , detained and interrogated . Blindfolded , handcuffed , taken at gunpoint , our driver beaten . It 's the regime that arrested us . They arrested  our producer  just outside of his hotel , and they took him off the road at gunpoint , threw him against the wall , handcuffed him , blindfolded him . Took him into custody like that . " Logan spoke with the magazine Thursday night as she boarded a plane for her return to Egypt , saying that her interrogators accused her and her crew of being "  Israeli agents , " kept them in "  stress positions " throughout the night and only reluctantly gave her medical treatment for an illness . "  I was violently , violently ill , " she said . "  I 'd been ill for a few days -- I had n't mentioned it to anyone at CBS . " At first , she said , they ignored her condition "  until I vomited so much that they did have a medic see me at this secret facility -- they would n't tell us where we were . Then I was begging for an IV , and at first they would n't . I vomited up everything that the medic gave me . I vomited all over the interrogation cell . I vomited all over this office they put me in after that , and so eventually they put me on an IV . "	NEW : Lara Logan told magazine about an earlier detention by the Egyptian army Logan was attacked after Mubarak stepped down on Friday She was saved by a group of women and Egyptian soldiers Logan is recovering at a hospital in the United States
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- During the past two weeks , millions of Brazilians have taken to the streets to protest years of dissatisfaction and discontent with their government . What started as a student mobilization transformed day by day to incorporate professionals , the middle class , and residents of the favelas , or slums . All are joined in protest against the administration of President Dilma Rousseff , though their motivations may differ . Some 6 % of Brazilians live in the favelas , according to the 2010 census . These mountains of bricks , rising in intricate forms , border the country 's largest cities like Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro . Hospitals , schools , security and an end to police abuse are the principle demands from this social sector . Fatima Souza , resident of Paraisopolis , the second-largest favela in Sao Paulo , has worked as a maid for 15 years . She decries that there are no public hospitals or more schools inside the favela . Her 15-year-old son dropped out of school two years ago and his return to the classroom has been denied because of lack of room . Paraisopolis is home to 100,000 people . The community has the worst schools of the state and local education system -- lagging in primary education , behind in literacy and lacking control over the adolescents , according to an index of development in primary education . The children in the favelas can attend the public daycare centers until they are 4 years old . The elementary schools run only half a day , a schedule that causes problems for parents who work eight-hour shifts . ` We do n't have hospitals ' "  The only ones who do something for us are the businesses , " Souza said . "  We do n't have hospitals . The only place where we can take our children is the Einstein , a community program that is privately financed . When I ask for a visit , they give me an appointment in three months or more . " The closest available public hospitals , she says , lack equipment . "  Many say the fight is over public transportation , but why does no one hit the streets so that they raise the minimum wage , " said Fernanda Rodrigues , a janitor who spends $ 30 a week for transportation to her job . Rodrigues and her 5-year-old son are beneficiaries of Bolsa Familia , a welfare program instituted in 2003 that helps more than 13 million families living in poverty . This week , the residents of Rocinha , one of the largest favelas in Rio de Janeiro , joined the anti-government protests . The immediate motivation was police abuses and security problems in the community . Just hours before the protests , a battalion of special forces had entered the favela , causing nine deaths and nine injuries . Schools closed and 7,000 children were left without classes , according to the non-governmental organization Favelas Observatory . The new middle class One of the government 's accomplishments is that some 50 % of the Brazilian population has entered the middle class . Of this figure , 40 million were added to the middle class between 2004 and 2010 , under the government of President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva . But rising income has not kept people from joining the protests . According to a survey by the Brazilian Institute of Opinion and Statistics , 79 % of the protesters earn more than twice the minimum wage , and 76 % are employed . Close to 40 % of the protesters had not been born during similar massive protests in 1992 . In those protests , university students mobilized to demand that then-President Fernando Collor de Mello step down . They remained in the streets until the president resigned amid corruption charges . CNN MONEY : Rising middle class fuels Brazil 's protests ` Together for a cause ' "  I think these are the first protests from a public that spent years doing nothing , " said Ricardo Almeida , a 21-year-old student . "  Before , we saw some smaller protests , but this is the first time we all joined together for a cause . " The movement sprang up in response to an increase in public transportation fares , but it has turned into a broader war cry , with protesters holding signs decrying corruption , poor public services and lack of investment in education and health . "  I decided to come because I ca n't stand the corruption in Brazil . Here there is no money for hospitals and schools , but yes for stadiums , " said Adriana da Silva , who marched for the first time last week , during the largest of the demonstrations . The arrival of the World Cup Criticism against the spending to organize the 2014 World Cup has spread across the country . A year from the event , half of the stadiums are not ready and it has become clear the need for new infrastructure was underestimated . "  When Brazil was selected as the host of the World Cup five years ago , we celebrated . We celebrated because we did n't know that it was going to cost so much , " said Mateos da Costa , a 53-year-old taxi driver . "  Our leaders should have known that Brazil was not in a condition to organize the event . " Understanding the current social unrest in Brazil becomes a harder task every day . However , if there is something that has unified the middle class and the favelas , in addition to general discontent , it is disapproval of the president . Even though their demands may not be the same , the dissatisfaction seems to reach the same levels . CNN iREPORT : What 's REALLY behind the Brazilian riots ?	The protests in Brazil include a broad spectrum of the population About 6 % of Brazilians live in slums known as favelas They want more security and health clinics The middle class is upset about corruption and wasteful spending
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Buddy Holly finally got his star on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame on Wednesday , which would have been the singer-songwriter 's 75th birthday . "  It 's never too late when you get a fantastic thing to happen , " his widow , Maria Elena Holly , told CNN after unveiling the star on the sidewalk along Vine Street at the entrance to the historic Capitol Records building . Holly was just 22 when he was killed in a plane crash , along with musicians Ritchie Valens and J.P. "  The Big Bopper " Richardson . "  I 'm saying now , my dear Buddy , you loved to go to the movies . You told me that one of your dreams was to write scores for movies and make your mark in Hollywood , " his widow said during the ceremony . "  Well , my dear , half of your dream unfortunately did not come true , but the other half did come true with a beautiful star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . " Actor Gary Busey , who channeled Holly 's voice and character in the 1978 movie "  The Buddy Holly Story , " attended the dedication . "  He 's here right now , " Busey said . "  I feel his spirit in the air . It 's beautiful . " What would Holly be doing now if he were still alive ? "  Anything he wanted to , " Busey said . "  Scoring movies , helping people in different countries who are in trouble , like writing a song for them and taking it over there and singing it to them . " Busey is working with T Bone Burnett on an album of Holly songs , which he said he would also perform in a tour . The Hollywood star ceremony was timed to coincide with this week 's release of "  Listen to Me : Buddy Holly , " a tribute album of his songs performed by 16 artists , including Ringo Starr , Stevie Nick , Brian Wilson , Jackson Browne , Chris Isaak , Linda Ronstadt and Lyle Lovett . Phil Everly of the Everly Brothers , a contemporary of Holly , also attended the dedication .	Holly 's star is on Vine at the Capitol Records building His dream was to make his mark on Hollywood , Holly 's widow says Gary Busey , who played Holly in a film , feels his "  spirit in the air " The dedication coincides with the release of a tribute album
Egyptian voters this month ratified a new constitution that enshrines the military , police and intelligence in positions of unprecedented power . Filmgoers elsewhere could watch "  The Square , " Jehane Noujaim 's documentary about resilient revolutionaries -- youth , intellectuals and Muslim Brotherhood -- fighting for dignity , social justice , economic empowerment and freedom . Which is the true Egypt ? Both , but the second has been ignored by the Obama administration and much of the media . In Washington as in Egypt , there are two narratives : 1  The army has brought back stability , and the revolution is over ; 2  Egyptians have banished fear , if not the regime , and many who led and joined the revolution continue to fight for the same aspirations , while soberly acknowledging the challenges ahead . The second narrative comes to life in "  The Square , " the Oscar-nominated documentary that tracks Egypt 's uprisings from the inspiring 18 days that began three years ago on January 25 , when protesters crossed Tahrir Square , to the crackdown on the Brotherhood camps last August .  Full disclosure : I donated $ 90 to the Kickstarter campaign that supported the film , and I know director Jehane Noujaim and producer Karim Amer personally . Through the eyes of three revolutionaries who meet in Tahrir Square during the first protests in 2011 -- Ahmed Hassan , a young street vendor who emerges as a charismatic leader in Tahrir ; Khalid Abdalla , a third-generation activist and actor  star of "  The Kite Runner , " and founder of the post-revolution media collective Mosireen  ; and Magdy Ashour , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood -- we see the events of the last three years unfold in fits and starts of optimism , betrayal , and disappointment . This is the Egypt that the Obama administration has forgotten . This is the Egypt that took Washington by surprise three years ago . True , the initial promise of those utopian 18 days when the country overcame economic and ethnic barriers to find common cause , has not been redeemed . No surprise . After decades of U.S. - backed authoritarian rule , Egyptians have no reliable independent institutions , only the ability to take to the streets in protest . And now the new military-backed constitution takes that away . Ahmed , Khalid , Magdy , and their compatriots in "  The Square " -- such as Ramy , who is brutally beaten by the security forces for the crime of leading Tahrir in song -- demonstrate that this Egypt is resilient . They may not have learned to organize political parties and to take power in three years , a failing that left first the Brotherhood and then the military to fill that vacuum , but they also are not abandoning the struggle for their rights . Egyptian activists behind bars on uprising 's anniversary Given the film 's portrayal of the military 's repeated attacks on protesters , beginning in March 2011 , it is difficult to understand the infatuation with Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and the army , a sentiment that extends to liberals such as author Alaa al-Aswany . Recently returned from Cairo , "  The Square " producer Karim Amer said in a talkback session , "  People are beginning to wake up and recognize what the regime is doing to divide Egyptians . " In a tragic postscript to the film , Magdy Ashour currently is confined to his home -- a common fate for Brotherhood members -- unable to work for fear of arrest under the military 's condemnation of the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization . This is ironic , since Magdy sided with the revolutionaries against Egypt 's deposed president , Mohammed Morsy . The current Egyptian regime 's policy of outlawing a movement with millions of Egyptian supporters , one that supplied essential social services to the poor , can not end well . And where is the United States ? As usual , it has no impact . Having consistently abandoned those fighting for the goals of the revolution , the U.S. has steadily weakened its position of influence . Now the U.S. speaks to the military to no avail . While Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel dials el-Sisi to discourage growing repression , gaining nothing from their conversations , the U.S. is vilified in the Egyptian media . "  The Square " should be a painful reminder for the White House , Congress , and State Department of the nature of the military regime the U.S. continues to back , Egyptians , who already know this well enough , do not have the opportunity to see the film : It languishes in the state censorship authority . And no wonder . The military-backed regime surely does not want Egyptians to see the juxtaposition of army leaders promising "  not to harm a single Egyptian " with the brutal beatings inflicted on protesters . The Oscars have done what the White House has failed to do : Recognize the ongoing narrative of Egypt 's revolution . Now the Egyptian authorities must allow their countrymen to see their own history . There are encouraging signs that the Oscar nomination has prompted them to review the film 's status . The Jumbotrons screening "  The Square " in the Square can not come a moment too soon .	"  The Square " is filmmaker Jehane Noujaim 's documentary about Egypt 's revolutionaries It 's told through the eyes of three revolutionaries who meet in during the first protests This is the Egypt the Obama administration has forgotten , says Cynthia Schneider Schneider : Film should be a painful reminder to the U.S. of the military regime it backs
Once one of Africa 's most beautiful destinations , Zimbabwe has been off the mainstream tourism radar for years . Robert Mugabe 's three decades of rule , while ostensibly democratic , have been widely criticized by locals as a dictatorship . Tourism collapsed when white farmers were driven from their land , and famine and hyperinflation ensued . Since adopting the U.S. dollar as its currency in 2009 , economic healing has slowly begun , with foreign investment driving much of the recovery . Now , the country 's stunning natural and cultural attractions are recapturing the attention of both foreign travelers and investors keen to capitalize on that interest . Tourist arrivals increasing The Zimbabwe Tourism Authority 's latest Tourism Trends and Statistics Report claims visitor numbers increased 17 % to 400,000 visitors in the first quarter of 2013 compared with 2012 . Nearly half come from South Africa . Euromonitor International predicts steady growth in several tourism areas  accommodation , transport , attractions  for the next five years . Victoria Falls , the top tourist draw , has always brought visitors , even in the dark years . Hotel occupancy is n't at capacity , to be sure . But hotels , airports and other logistics all run relatively smoothly . Five-star properties such as the Victoria Falls Safari Lodge have been able to maintain a luxurious standard . Work began earlier this year on a massive upgrade of the Victoria Falls airport , which currently handles commercial flights from Harare and Johannesburg . The overhaul , reportedly costing $ 150 million , is financed by a loan from the Export-Import Bank of China , and will include a new runway , control tower and terminal building . A number of international carriers had stopped service into the country . Now Emirates and KLM are offering service to Harare again . Air Zimbabwe resumed its service to Johannesburg in August . New hotels , malls Luxury projects in the capital include a proposed $ 70 million Mall of Zimbabwe . Hilton is said to be considering a five-star hotel in Harare . "  At this time we have no signed projects to announce in Zimbabwe , but we think there is great potential in the market , " says Heather Shaw , a spokesperson for Hilton . "  We are exploring opportunities that we believe would create value for us and our partners . " Tara Walraven , an Africa Safari Specialist at Audley Travel , says the company is fielding numerous queries from people who want a dedicated trip from the UK to Zimbabwe , or who want to add a few nights to a Botswana safari . "  It 's a lovely country , people are so friendly , so excited to have people visit them , " says Walraven , who grew up in Zimbabwe and visits her family there . "  We do n't have any concern about people traveling to Zimbabwe at the moment . We ca n't send people to a country that is n't safe . " Politics and challenges In March , the European Union dropped most of its sanctions against Zimbabwe following the country 's adoption of a new constitution . However , recent election results proclaiming another Mugabe win have widely been dismissed by Western observers as fraudulent . The Times of London reports that the UK will "  shun " Zimbabwe by not sending any delegates to the UN World Tourism Organization 's meeting later this month , which will be held jointly in Victoria Falls and Livingston , Zambia . Marcelo Risi of the UNWTO says the General Assembly selected the host countries nearly two years ago and that the decision should n't be seen as politically motivated . The meeting is expected to draw a thousand or so delegates and their teams from overseas . In anticipation of the UNWTO meeting , border posts at Victoria Falls and Katima Mulilo were recently computerized , to ease passage between the countries . The country still needs to modernize its immigration process , as highlighted in a recent policy brief by the Zimbabwe Economic Policy Analysis and Research Unit , a Harare think tank . Other problems include limited domestic transportation options -- tourists with limited time frequently take light aircraft between destinations -- water and power shortages and retention of quality staff . "  Executive chefs and managerial positions in the hotel industry are occupied by a majority of personnel with limited experience and technical skills , " compounded by a decline in the quality of recent tourism studies graduates , according to the brief . Not the place for voluntourism Journalists and humanitarian aid workers , including short-term volunteers , still need to proceed with caution . "  You should be very aware of your surroundings and seriously consider the risks of taking any pictures outside game parks and known tourist areas , " warns the U.S. Bureau of Consular Affairs . South African photographer David Southwood recently made his second trip to Zimbabwe , and called it one of the "  most unnerving " experiences he 's ever had . Although he entered on a tourist visa , he was in the country on an assignment that brought him into contact with "  revolutionary and resistance circles . " "  Everybody we spoke to had been pummeled by the regime in some way , " he reports . "  The paranoia Mugabe has inculcated into the people rubbed off onto me . The ambiance in Zimbabwe for a photographer is not cool . " Still , he adds , "  If you were n't aware of the possibilities of what might happen , it might be one of the most easygoing trips you ever had . " The U.S. government currently has neither an official Travel Warning nor a Travel Alert about its citizens visiting Zimbabwe . If you go In Zimbabwe , travelers should expect delays . Roadblocks in and out of cities and dropped Internet connections are par for the course . Road travel can be slow . It 's best to avoid car trips at night . Upscale tours offer light aircraft to quickly cover the distances between destinations . Credit card facilities and ATMs are n't always available , so you may want to pay for big-ticket items before departure . Bring the cash you 'll need in U.S. dollars or South African rand ; bring small bills , as change is n't always handy . Destinations Harare You probably wo n't want to book an extended stay in Harare , but most people fly in and out of the capital city . Here are some of the better options for a stay . Restaurants Victoria 22 The continental menu at this fine dining restaurant changes depending on seasonal availability , but may include Italian-style seafood and deep-fried prawns . 22 Victoria Road , Harare ; +26504776429 ; about $ 45 per person before drinks Amanzi Restaurant Amanzi is a social hub for many people in Harare . The restaurant serves global fusion ; it 's Westernized , but with an African feel . The same owners operate a boutique hotel  see below  . Amanzi Restaurant , 158 Enterprise Road , Highlands , Harare ; +263 4 497 768 ; restaurant@amanzi.co.zw; dinner entrees $ 20-25 . Hotels Amanzi Lodge The boutique hotel franchise of Amanzi Restaurant provides a deluxe lodge stay . Amanzi Lodge , 1 Masasa Lane , Kambanji , Harare ; +263 4 499 257 ; lodge@amanzi.co.zw; ; rooms from $ 230/single , $ 340/double Shopping Sam Levy 's Village This open-air shopping center has coffee shops , fashion stores and souvenirs such as wooden carvings . Sam Levy 's Village , Suite D , Julia 's Parade , Sam Levy 's Village , Borrowdale Road , Harare ; +26348856236 Victoria Falls Zimbabwe itineraries for foreign visitors generally focus on Victoria Falls , with good reason . One of the seven natural wonders of the world this waterfall dwarfs Niagara . When you 're not getting sprayed by the falls you can enjoy the trees full of monkeys , adventure activities and artisans selling carvings and curios in the village market .  Many claim the view from the Zambian side is superior . Helicopter flights are also available . Victoria Falls & Zambezi National Parks ; P. Bag 5925 , Victoria Falls ; +263 13 42294 or 44566 Zambezi Helicopter Company ; +263 13 43569 or +263 13 40059 ; $ 120 per person Victoria Falls Hotel If you want to go colonial , this is the place . More than a hundred years old , the views inside and out are classic , and worth a visit , even if for just a cocktail . Masked dancers from several local tribes present traditional dances nightly from 7-8 p.m. Victoria Falls Hotel , 2 Mallet Drive , Victoria Falls ; +263 13 44751 ; rooms from $ 300 Great Zimbabwe National Monument For about a thousand years , this well-preserved town  now a UNESCO World Heritage site  has inspired Shona palaces . The word "  zimbabwe " means "  stone houses " or "  venerated houses " ; there are several hundred zimbabwes in the country , this being the most prominent . Granite slabs form tall , curved walls , they 're the largest structures in Africa south of the pyramids . Hwange National Park Zimbabwe 's largest national park used to be an unproductive farm , until pumped water began attracting wild animals . Today , elephants , lions , wild African dogs and excellent birdwatching opportunities lure visitors . Hwange National Park , P. Bag DT 5776 , Dete ; +263 18 371 or 372 Mana Pools National Park The Zambezi River starts in Zambezi , widens to a mile across as it crashes over the Victoria Falls , then fills Kariba and Cahora Bassa lakes , before ending at the Indian Ocean . Large dry-season game gather here . Unlike some wildlife preserves where you have to stay in your vehicle , here walking safaris are allowed . Canoe trips that let you get eye-to-eye with hippos and crocs are also available . Mana Pools National Park , P. Bag 2061 , Karoi ; +263 63 533 or 538 Ruckomechi Camp This stylish safari puts visitors in 10 tents on a riverbank . An outdoor bath overlooks the Great Rift Valley . From $ 595 , fully inclusive , booked through agents such as Kingfisher Safaris .	Zimbabwe has been off the mainstream tourism radar for years With economic improvement , the country is recapturing the attention of travelers and investors Visitor numbers have increased 17 % in 2013 over previous year Luxury projects include a proposed $ 70 million Mall of Zimbabwe
Let 's start with a touch of perspective . It 's not only Russia where sexual minorities suffer discrimination . In the United States , that beacon of tolerance , there 's still a huge amount of bigotry . Some U.S. states still refuse to recognize same-sex marriage . And hate crimes and violence towards LGBT individuals remain a significant problem . Russia does not have a monopoly on intolerance . However , there is a key difference . In the U.S. , officials go to great lengths to espouse tolerant views and behavior . Laws have been passed , and are enforced , protecting LGBT rights . Hate crimes are prosecuted . In Russia , that is rarely the case . That 's not just my view , it 's the opinion of Human Rights ' Watch , a New York-based rights group . In their latest report on Russia , titled License to Harm , HRW finds the Russian authorities have not only "  failed in their obligation to prevent and prosecute homophobic violence , " but have also "  effectively legalized discrimination against LGBT people and cast them as second class citizens . " The controversial measure the report singles out is , of course , Russia 's "  anti-gay propaganda " legislation . The law bans "  propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations among minors " and was , according to HRW , one of several anti-LGBT measures adopted or proposed in 2013 . In their report , HRW says the law does n't actually protect anyone , but does give homophobes a reason to believe LGBT lives matter less to the Russian government . The report goes on to document various horrific instances of violence and abuse against Russia 's LGBT community , including by radical nationalist groups luring gay men on the pretext of a fake date . It makes grim reading . During the Soviet Union , homosexuality was a crime punishable by prison and hard labor . Homosexuals were regarded as pedophiles or fascists , outside normal society . Laws explicitly banning homosexuality were lifted in 1993 , after the Soviet collapse -- though there was no amnesty for those jailed for sodomy -- but the attitude appears to have stuck . Even today , LGBT activists in Russia -- like the couple I met in St. Petersburg recently -- are regarded as outsiders , sometimes agents of the liberal West , to be distrusted . The Saint Petersburg lawmaker behind the controversial "  propaganda " law , Vitaly Milonov , underlined this when he told me that any Russians who want a same-sex marriage should move to the West "  where they belong . " That 's a potent connection in these times of growing tensions between Russia and the West . Linking Russia 's LGBT community with the enemy taps into old fears of corrupt outsiders polluting Russian purity , and bodes extremely badly for hopes that discrimination in Russia will be tackled .	CNN 's Matthew Chance : It 's not only Russia where sexual minorities suffer discrimination Some U.S. states still refuse to recognize same-sex marriage A HRW report says Russia has "  legalized discrimination against LGBT people " The report goes on to document various horrific instances of violence and abuse
CNN  -- Rihanna 's presence at Monday 's CFDA Fashion Awards nearly eclipsed the ceremony itself , and she did it while wearing almost nothing at all . The 26-year-old singer arrived at the stylish event , held by the Council of Fashion Designers of America , in a floor-length sparkling gown that recalled the era of Josephine Baker . Custom-made by designer Adam Selman , the mostly backless number shone from more than 230,000 Swarovski crystals and was accented with a baby pink feather boa , gloves and a glittering turban . But it was n't just Rihanna 's effortless 1920s glamour that turned heads . As Selman described to Style.com , "  the dress is just fishnet and crystals and a couple of fingers crossed . " That left everything that was n't covered by a flesh-colored thong on full display . "  It 's so naked , " Rihanna 's stylist , Mel Ottenberg , added to Style.com . "  I do n't know if it 's shocking -- I 'm with her all the time , so my shock gauge is off -- but I told her that I thought she was ready for this dress a while ago , and that I was n't . I 'm the prude , and I 'm just catching up . " Ottenberg may still be getting used to the revealing look , but some observers -- like fashion magazine Vogue -- have heartily approved . "  Rihanna has become the rare celebrity who does not follow fashion -- she affects it , " the magazine tweeted on Monday . Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour was at the ceremony to present Rihanna with the CFDA 's 2014 Fashion Icon award . "  Fashion should never be frustrating , " Rihanna said during her acceptance speech . "  It should be fun . "	Rihanna attended the CFDA Awards in a sparkling , sheer dress It was custom-designed by Adam Selman Vogue magazine and some observers have approved The singer received the CFDA 's 2014 Fashion Icon award
CNN  -- Why do people want to visit North Korea ? The closed and strictly regulated country is not particularly welcoming to guests . Going in or out is complicated for visitors and impossible for anyone who offends the government . The slightest negative remark about the country 's ruling family can be considered treason . Some Koreans who have left the country want to visit family or see the place where they were born . Some non-Korean travelers want to see a place most people wo n't ever get to visit . Merrill Newman of Palo Alto , California , wanted to see the country where he had once fought a war . The North Korean government certainly does n't it make it easy for foreigners to visit . If you 're American , the rules are even stricter . And then there 's the danger of something going wrong , as it did for the 85-year-old Newman . Newman was on an airplane to depart North Korea for Beijing on October 26 after a government-sanctioned tour when he was removed from the aircraft , his son told CNN on Wednesday . His family has n't heard from him since . On Tuesday , the U.S. Department of State advised U.S citizens not to travel to North Korea , noting "  the risk of arbitrary arrest and  long-term  detention of U.S. citizens in North Korea . " Four U.S. citizens have been arrested for entering North Korea illegally since January 2009 , and two U.S. citizens with valid visas were arrested there on other charges , the State Department warned . The British Foreign & Commonwealth Office is n't warning their citizens against making the trip , but its website does warn against making "  insults or jokes about the North Korean political system and its leadership " or taking pictures of Korean officials or guarded buildings . "  In 2008 a South Korean tourist who strayed into a restricted military area was shot dead . Take care to remain in permitted areas and move away immediately if asked to do so by North Korean officials . " How Americans get to North Korea All tourists must book a guided tour with one of about a dozen companies approved by the state-run Korea International Travel Company .  The tour operators should walk you through the visa and other requirements .  And U.S. citizens face specific restrictions that do n't apply to other travelers . They can only enter the country via airplane , unlike other travelers who can enter from China by train . American travelers often fly into North Korea via China , so the U.S. Department of State recommends getting a multiple-entry visa for China , since a valid Chinese visa is required to re-enter China after leaving North Korea . Once in Beijing , travelers approved by the North Korean government may get North Korean visas at the country 's Beijing embassy . No freedom of speech here The U.S. Department of State recommends that Americans register with the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , and the Swedish Embassy in North Korea .  The United States does n't have diplomatic relations with North Korea . Americans must remember they are n't in the United States anymore , and U.S. constitutional guarantees of freedom of speech or religion do n't apply in North Korea -- or any other foreign country . Sensitivity to a very different political reality is required . Slipping away from your hotel and government-required guide to explore can get you and your guide in trouble . Talking to North Koreans without permission -- even if they do n't speak English -- can also get both of you in trouble . Even throwing away an official newspaper bearing a photo of a member of the Kim family , which are treated with the deference usually given to religious objects , has gotten travelers in trouble , said one U.S.-based Asia travel expert , who did n't want to be named so he would n't be banned from traveling to North Korea . "  If you think you can do whatever you want , you are going to get other people in trouble , " said the expert , who has led tours to North Korea . "  You really have to be careful about what you say . Be conscious of the fact you 're going to get other people in trouble for your actions . Observe , do n't proselytize . " How to travel to North Korea	The U.S. State Department advises against travel to North Korea British officials warn that insulting the country 's rulers could get you in trouble Do n't take pictures of Korean officials or guarded buildings
CNN  -- Savvy Internet users know that all the great stuff they get from the Internet us for "  free " -- the searches , the social networks , the games , even the news -- is n't really free . It 's an exchange , where companies are able to take user data , sell it to advertisers , and make money that allows them to give themselves a paycheck while keeping you afloat in free digital services . So that data you 're giving away online is worth something , but have you ever taken a stab at figuring out how much ? A just-released privacy add-on for Firefox and Chrome , Privacyfix , gives it the old college try . Both Congress and the executive branch have been talking more about online privacy in the past couple years . The estimates for Google and Facebook are imprecise , as the program 's creator , Privacy Choice founder Jim Brock , readily admits . "  We wanted people to understand , it is a value exchange " when they use these sites , said Brock . Privacyfix measures your last 60 days of activity on Google , extrapolates that to a year , and uses a value-per-search estimate . Analysts believed Google was making $ 14.70 per 1,000 searches in 2010 , and possibly less in 2011 . Of course , if you spend all your time searching for luxury hotels or mesothelioma lawyers -- and then clicking through the advertised links -- you 're much more valuable than the average user . Brock says his estimated annual Facebook value was a mere $ 1.68 . His daughter , perhaps unsurprisingly , is at $ 12 . His Google value checks in at more than $ 700 per year , though . The add-on also tells you how many of the websites you visit feed data back to Facebook and Google . I was surprised to see that Facebook is tracking me across 87 percent of the Internet , despite the fact that I 'm a minimal user of Facebook . Privacyfix has a checklist for Facebook privacy settings , with orange warning signs near settings that users might want to take a look at . Unless you 're a complete privacy hawk already -- or you do n't care at all -- you 'll probably find something new on that list that you were n't aware of . Did you know Facebook automatically shares your profile info when you visit certain sites ? Did you know your profile details are sometimes shared not just with your friends , but often with the makers of your friends ' apps ? Privacyfix also gives you a heads-up on things you should be doing anyhow , like deleting Facebook apps you no longer use so that they stop gathering data . The add-on links you directly to those Facebook settings so you can fix them immediately , navigating you through a maze of privacy options some find arcane ; it has a similar function for Google . "  I have n't had anyone go through this process who was not surprised by something -LSB- they saw -RSB- , " said Brock . While it is n't Brock 's intention that all users should tightly clamp down their privacy controls , that 's what most of the users of Privacyfix have chosen to do so far , he said . Future plans include similar privacy controls for Twitter and LinkedIn , as well as a mobile app . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	New add-on attempts to measure the value of your data to websites Facebook , Google and other sites make their money using data for advertising Privacyfix works with Firefox and Chrome Web browsers Creator says his yearly value is $ 1.68 to Facebook , but $ 700 to Google
New York  CNN  -- On a chilly Saturday afternoon , a man with all the time in the world stands outside the bus he calls home . While he takes in a view of the Brooklyn Bridge , Bob Votruba boasts he lives on 84 square feet of pure luxury . "  It 's a cherished spot for me , " he says , "  something that is a little sacred . " Votruba , 58 , a retired father of three , is in the middle of a 10-year journey to spread kindness across the country . So far he 's logged almost 60,000 miles on a school bus he bought and has lived in for four years . His Boston terrier , Bogart , keeps him company . The bus advertises his mission in giant letters painted on one side , "  One Million Acts of Kindness . " It 's a goal , he says , a person under 30 can realistically meet if he or she makes it a point to be kind to someone every day . "  It 's a constant reminder that I have chosen this path to be as kind as I can in every possible way , " he says . The impact of Virginia Tech shootings Votruba says he felt compelled to champion kindness after learning a gunman had killed 32 people on April 16 , 2007 , at Virginia Tech . He had begun a period of introspection , realizing he was n't satisfied with his lifestyle , which he considered "  cushy . " His construction business had become just a job , and he felt unfulfilled with the direction of his life , especially with his kids headed off to college . "  It seemed like there was a higher meaning in going forward with life , " he says . "  That 's when Virginia Tech happened . " Votruba drove to Virginia Tech the week of the shootings and talked to people about their experiences dealing with the tragedy . It was n't just one conversation that affected him but the range of emotions he saw that week , which , he says , motivated him to change his life . He returned to his home near Cleveland , and the single father told his children that he planned to sell all his belongings and drive to university campuses across the country to talk about kindness . Daughter Lizzie , 23 , says she and her siblings were taken aback but not surprised . They always said Dad was kind . "  It was a different step than most people take in their life , " his 25-year-old son , Peter , says . "  I was proud that he left and he was going to do something he felt was right and needed to do . " Reminders April 16 -- the date is as familiar to Bob Votruba as it is to anyone the Virginia Tech shootings personally affected . Meeting recently with the Chamber of Commerce in Chesterland , Ohio , he told the group what that day meant , but Votruba says he was saddened to see a crowd of blank faces . "  That 's how these events end up being lost in the public memory , " he says . "  The Boston bombings  were  on April 15 , and there was so much coverage on April 16 , April 17 and April 18 . Here was an event that was so big six years ago that hardly got a mention . " Votruba says we live in a "  Post-it note " society , where people need constant reminders to love and care for one another . He sets at least four alarms each day to remind him to think about others and what he can do to spread kindness . Small gestures can help folks get into the habit of being kind , he says . "  If you want to say a prayer , or a moment of silence , " he says , that 's what you should do . "  Whatever you need to do to honor someone . " On the road Votruba made good on his vow to sell his home and belongings , taking an early retirement to embark on his journey of kindness . He funds it with his savings and retirement checks but also accepts small donations . "  It 's all a buck here , 20 bucks there , that sort of thing , " he says . He drives to places where the weather is nice , visiting elementary schools and senior centers to drop off fliers announcing his mission . Those organizations will call him up  sometimes up to a year later  and ask him to come give a talk . A couple of years ago , he added a bike to his travels and has ridden it nearly 18,000 miles to spark up conversations with the people he encounters about issues such as domestic violence and child abuse . He placed two stickers on the back of his bike telling people what they should do : "  Be a man . Do n't raise a hand . Stop domestic violence , " and "  Stop childhood sexual abuse now . " By the handlebars , a big black-and-white sign reads : "  Boys should never hit girls , " a message to which the children respond . "  These are issues as I 'm driving across the country I 'm hearing so much , " he says . "  I 'm having firsthand conversations with people losing loved ones because of suicide . I 've had adults break down and cry 30 to 40 years later because of something that happened in high school . " Votruba likes to hand out "  kindness certificates , " so people can frame a visual reminder of the mission of his trip . Wake up and smile . Hold the door for someone . Let everybody go through traffic . These are the things Votruba says he does when he 's on the road and recommends for others . A living memorial On this trip to Brooklyn , a dozen people from places as far away as Australia stopped by his bus to read the messages people left behind . "  There is a sense of wonder that turns him into a joy , " says Sister Claire Young , who lives in Vero Beach , Florida . "  You come outside and say hello to him , and he 's just so thrilled to see you . What can be better ? " There is no heat inside Votruba 's bus -- or air conditioning for that matter -- but the walls are filled with more than 400 messages , written by children and adults who stop by and chat . It 's a living memorial , he says , of the people who took the time to write on it . But it also speaks to the future , when days are long and he needs a reminder to keep going . He likes the simplicity of one note that a 3-year-old left with the help of his mother : "  Just be nice . " And the wisdom of a 92-year-old man who was married for 60 years : "  Tell your love , you love her every day . " Even on a cold day , Votruba says , "  it warms the soul . "	Bob Votruba has traveled nearly 60,000 miles across the U.S. to talk about kindness After the tragedy of the 2007 Virginia Tech shootings , he decided to change course He rides with his Boston terrier , Bogart , as company and sometimes bikes He gives himself reminders each day to be kind and gives assignments to others
CNN  -- The U.S. Postal Service Wednesday announced it will stop delivering first-class mail on Saturdays , expecting to save about $ 2 billion a year . Given the rapid rate of decline in letter mail and the loss of revenues , this is a welcome cost-cutting move . But this change will not make the Postal Service sustainable for the long term . Cost cutting would not have made the horse and buggy business sustainable in the dawning age of the automobile . The same is true of typewriters during the advent of word processors , or slide rules when calculators arrived . There is a natural limit to how far costs can be cut , and to how much that can help the Service survive in the new communications marketplace . The Postal Service 's business model needs fundamental change for it to thrive and avoid liquidation . Those reforms must focus not only on reducing costs , but also on allowing the Service to generate new sources of revenue from its existing assets . The experience in other countries suggests that this is possible . Following that lead , the first steps should include corporatization and de-monopolization . First-class letter mail -- by far the Postal Service 's most profitable type -- has fallen by a stunning one-third since its 2001 peak , while overall mail volume is down by almost 25 % . Revenues have also dropped which , when combined with high costs , have created the Postal Service 's own fiscal cliff . The service lost almost $ 16 billion in 2012 and is now losing about $ 25 million per day . It has hit the limit of its $ 15 billion credit line with the U.S. Treasury , and has only enough cash for a few weeks of operations . Given the explosion in cheap , instantaneous , electronic communications , none of this is surprising . Mail delivery is now like offering transportation by horse in the dawning automobile era . Unlike horse transportation , however , it 's possible for mail delivery services to remain viable , innovative , self-sustaining businesses even in the electronic age , as posts around the world have shown . For the Postal Service to survive and thrive , however , Congress needs to step up , and soon . Congress must determine what level of physical mail service , if any , is necessary for government to ensure when there are many electronic alternatives . Second , it must decide how it  as opposed to the Postal Service  plans to pay for that service level . Dimensions of such guaranteed service include the geographic area to be covered , what rate will be charged  and whether it will be uniform across areas  , and how frequent mail service will be . Congress then needs to free up the Postal Service to become a more commercial entity . But that ca n't happen unless it also eliminates both of the service 's monopolies  one over mail delivery and the other over mailbox use  and changes its organizational structure . Repeal of the monopolies is necessary because the service will never get the freedom to pursue new lines of business aggressively , and thus to generate new revenue , unless it is subject to the discipline of competition . CNN Money : How to build a better postal service Changes in the service 's organizational structure are necessary to attract the management talent and prompt the changes required to become self-sustaining . The first step is corporatization , which makes the service subject to the standard set of corporate laws and norms associated with a large commercial entity . Although it creates ownership shares in the new entity , those shares are not sold to the public . This is distinct from privatization in which shares are created and then sold to investors . Postal corporatization would be a big improvement . It provides managers with more focused incentives and helps to raise the additional capital necessary to pursue new services and lines of business . Focused incentives are critical since the only bright spots in the service 's business are in its most competitive , such as parcel delivery . The United States now lags behind most other developed countries in all such reforms . All 27 members of the European Union have eliminated their postal monopolies . New Zealand repealed its delivery monopoly in 1998 , Sweden in 2003 . Germany and the Netherlands repealed in 2007 and 2009 , respectively . The threat of competition associated with monopoly repeal has helped postal services in those countries to become more efficient , more effective enterprises . Other countries are also far ahead on organizational reforms . Germany 's post -- now Deutsche Post DHL -- was privatized in 2005 and has become a major player in the global delivery and logistics business . It reformed its compensation structure , brought in managers from other sectors and modernized its delivery network . It operates in 220 countries and is now the world 's largest courier company . The UK post -- Royal Mail -- will be privatized this year . One hundred percent of the formerly government-owned post in the Netherlands is now privately owned . New Zealand Post was corporatized in 1987 , while all government subsidies were eliminated in 1988 . New Zealand Post has become a successful , innovative global company focusing on parcel delivery , logistics and other businesses . There is no reason why the U.S. Postal Service can not also become a leader in the global delivery sector . It already has a far-flung network of sorting centers and letter carriers that allows it to deliver physical documents to every U.S. address six days every week . Given the size and diversity of the United States , that is an amazing feat . It could use that capability to deliver mail "  the last mile " in innovative ways , such as assisting new businesses in the area to advertise . It could also tailor its delivery frequency to the demand for home delivery in a particular region . Some mailers may want to saturate an area with mail , while others may want slow , steady delivery . The current "  one size fits all " approach is clearly inefficient . The Postal Service would also be freed up to seek new revenue by forming alliances with global logistics and courier companies . Moreover , it has a massive portfolio of real estate that includes large buildings in prime downtown locations as well as massive sorting centers throughout the country . Its real estate alone is likely worth tens of billions of dollars . Selectively selling some of those assets would free up resources for the service to pursue new market opportunities . Indeed , it probably has enough assets so that -- if properly managed -- it could recapitalize its core business without a taxpayer bailout . But Congress must act to allow that to happen . As the experience in many other countries shows , there is no reason for the U.S. Postal Service 's agonizing decline and impending collapse . If Congress borrows from international experience , and acts decisively to reform postal policy , the venerable U.S. Postal Service can also emerge as a viable company in the Internet age . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick Geddes .	Rick Geddes : U.S. Postal Service wo n't deliver first-class mail on Saturdays to cut costs Geddes says it 's a good move , but Postal Service must be upgraded to survive He says other nations have ended mail monopolies , empowered postal services Geddes : Postal Service has real estate assets , could be transformed for today 's world
CNN  -- Mercedes and tire supplier Pirelli have been punished by world motorsport 's governing body after conducting an unsanctioned tire test . The Formula One team and Pirelli were called to an FIA tribunal following a three-day , 1,000 kilometer trial in Spain last month . The FIA ruled Friday that the German manufacturer would not be able to take part in the upcoming young driver test event , with the team also having to split costs for the tribunal equally with Pirelli and the motorsort regulator . Mercedes escaped a more severe penalty , with the tribunal having had the power to impose points penalties , fines or complete exclusion from the F1 world championship . Despite punishing Mercedes , the tribunal concluded the team had no reason to think the test contravened competition rules , which forbid unsanctioned in-season testing . It also ruled Pirelli had failed to offer other teams the chance to participate in the test . The case was brought to a tribunal after rival teams Ferrari and Red Bull lodged a protest having learned of the test at the Circuit de Catalunya . CNN 's Formula One interactive "  The Mercedes AMG Petronas Formula One Team acknowledges and accepts the decision of the FIA international tribunal published today , " read a statement from the team released on Friday . "  Mercedes accepts the proportionate penalties of a reprimand and suspension from the forthcoming young driver test that have been decided upon by the tribunal . "  Mercedes would like to once again restate its firm belief in proper due process and commend the FIA for the principle of an independent disciplinary body . "  The team would furthermore like to thank the international tribunal and its president for the fair hearing it received . "  In the best interests of the sport , the team does not intend to avail itself of any right to appeal the decision . " Mercedes will be on the grid when the 2013 Formula One season continued with British Grand Prix on June 30 .	The FIA bans Mercedes from taking part in forthcoming young driver test Punishment comes after Mercedes and Pirelli took part in an unsanctioned tire test FIA ruled that tire supplier Pirelli had failed to offer other teams the chance to test The 2013 Formula One season continues with the British Grand Prix on July 30
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- International troops in Afghanistan endured another deadly attack Tuesday , a day after 10 NATO-led troops were killed in that country . The body of a U.S. soldier killed in Afghanistan arrives in the United States on Monday . A U.S. coalition service member "  died as a result of injuries " on Tuesday afternoon in a roadside bombing attack on a convoy in western Afghanistan , the U.S. military said . This follows 10 NATO-led deaths on Monday , the highest single-day total in Afghanistan in nearly a year , according to NATO and U.S.-led coalition numbers . Seven Americans , two Canadians and one Briton died in four separate incidents Monday . On August 18 , 2008 , 10 French soldiers were killed when about 100 insurgents attacked a patrol in Kabul Province , and a British soldier was killed in southern Afghanistan when insurgents attacked a patrol with a roadside bomb . A month before that , 10 American troops were killed in two separate incidents on July 13 , 2008 . The latest deaths came as U.S. troops cranked up their fight against the Taliban , a push that includes a major Marine-led offensive against the militants in the southern province of Helmand . Roadside bombs Monday killed four Americans in the northern province of Kunduz and two in southern Afghanistan , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . A seventh American died in an insurgent attack in eastern Afghanistan , ISAF confirmed . Two Canadian air crew members and a British soldier were killed when a helicopter crashed during takeoff in Zabul province , the Canadian and British defense ministries said .	U.S. soldier killed in roadside bombing on a convoy in western Afghanistan Follows deaths of 7 Americans , 2 Canadians , 1 Briton in separate incidents Latest deaths come as U.S. forces ratchet up fight against Taliban
Dad and I love baseball and hate sleep . It only made sense that , one midsummer dawn when I was 9 , we drove to the local park with our baseballs , gloves and Yankee caps . No time is too early for a father-son catch . "  If you thought night baseball was a thrill , just wait , " Dad told me . "  Morning air carries the ball like you 've never seen . " Once we hit the dew-sprinkled field a few minutes later , I learned he was right . Our fastballs charged faster and landed lighter into each other 's mitts . The echoes of our back-and-forth catches popped louder . And it was all as the sun rose and most of my suburban New York town slept . The park was all ours for about two hours . Then a young mother pushed her stroller , complete with a kicking newborn , toward us . Dad paused our catch to sip from a nearby water fountain . When the mother and child neared , he politely leaned into the stroller , waved and gave the baby his best smile . But because the Bell 's palsy still lingered , his grin looked more like a smirk . The mother found his smile condescending . She ogled at him for a second or two , then rushed her stroller away . Dad hid his mouth in his hand and walked to the car . He wanted to go home . "  Let 's go , bud , " he said . "  I 'm not feeling well . " A month earlier , Bell 's palsy had struck Dad , paralyzing the right side of his face . It drooped his eyelid and left him slurring words . He could hardly drink from a cup or bottle without liquid spilling onto his neck and shirt . And his smile , which once eased the pain of playground cuts and burst at the mention of Mick Jagger 's strut , Woody Allen 's films or his very own Yankees , was gone . As I slumped into the car , I began suspecting that our sunrise park visit was n't about watching daylight lift beneath us . Dad had spent weeks lamenting the loss of his smile . This was his effort to avoid stares . It was a solemn drive home . I killed time by curving my cap 's brim and fidgeting between songs on the radio dial . We returned home and he went to bed . Lying down but unable to nod off , he simply spent a few hours sighing and groaning toward the ceiling . After that morning , Dad and I did n't visit parks , nor did he want to play catch . He spent more time indoors . He left the shopping , driving and Little League games to Mom . Since being a freelance editor enabled him to work from home , he turned our dining room into his office and buried himself in manuscripts . When Dad was n't at his desk , he attended physical therapy . He obeyed the doctor 's orders : "  Now smile as wide as you can ... Now lift your right cheek with your hand ... Now try to whistle . " Only the sound of blowing air came out . My earliest childhood memories were of Dad whistling to songs on the radio . He did n't care if the station was playing Frank Sinatra or Bobby McFerrin . He always whistled along . He taught me to whistle , too . Of the roughly 40,000 Americans that the National Institutes of Health says are afflicted with Bell 's palsy each year , most recover within several weeks . Other cases take a few months to heal . But after nine weeks of therapy , Dad 's face hardly improved , and the doctor confessed she could n't do much more to help . "  I 've never seen anything like this , " she told him after his final session . Then she handed him the bill . Rather than calling another doctor or physical therapist , Dad stuck to humor . He occasionally grabbed washable markers and drew an even-sided grin across his face . Other times , he practiced his Elvis Presley impersonation . He joked that curled lips had already lent him a handicap , thereby giving him more time to perfect his renditions of "  Hound Dog " and "  Burning Love . " The effort -- a regimen of shower-time vocal warmups and leg stretches -- paid off . He could soon don white jackets and swing his hips as if he lost himself in the King . By the time I entered fourth grade that September , Dad 's case of Bell 's palsy had improved . He could blink his right eye and speak clearly again . But his smile still had n't returned . I tried convincing myself that it did n't matter and that smiling was overrated . So I abstained from making grins of any kind . Nothing about fourth grade made my no-smiling vow easy . Classmates were both old enough to laugh about pop culture and young enough to appreciate fart jokes , burped alphabets and straws in noses . Breaking the promise I made myself was tempting , but I could n't let Dad not smile alone . I did n't care how hard I needed to bite my lip . I had my critics . Kids would call me "  Frowny the Dwarf . "  It did n't help that I was merely 3-foot-10 at age nine .  Teachers would escort me into hallways , wondering what was wrong . When I asked my physical education coach , "  What 's so great about smiling ? " he made me do pushups while the rest of the class played wiffle ball . Then he called Dad . I never learned what Dad discussed with the coach . But when I got off the school bus that afternoon and saw him waiting for me , holding our mitts and ball , it did n't seem to matter . He tapped the brims of our matching Yankee caps . For the first time in months , we got in the family sedan and went to the park for a catch . "  It 's been too long , " he said . The park always bustled on Friday afternoons . When we arrived , young children dashed to the nearby ice cream stand . Mothers kissed boo-boos and gossiped . And roughly a half-dozen fathers and sons lined the field with mitted arms in the air . Even if Dad could n't smile as widely as the others , he could n't help but beam ; neither could I. Sundown came quickly . The field 's white lights glowed and everyone else left the park . But Dad and I did n't tire . We threw everything from curveballs to folly floaters into the night . We had catching up to do .	Harrison Golden 's father lost his smile to Bell 's palsy in January 2001 Golden , then 9 , vowed never to smile in solidarity with his dad His father 's condition has since improved , but is not totally cured Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
CNN  -- Syrian security forces unleashed a deadly push on a prominent university to clamp down Thursday on student dissent , the opposition said . Violence flared at Aleppo University , a sprawling institution in the country 's largest city . It is one of several schools across the country where demonstrators have turned out in recent days to protest government policies . Seven people , including six students , were killed Thursday in the university city area , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . They were among a total of 32 Syrians killed nationwide by security forces , the LCC said . Another opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said at least 28 people were wounded and about 200 students were arrested . Soldiers also fired at the hospital where the wounded were taken , leading to more casualties , said Mohammad Hareitan , 25 , a student at the university . It was unclear how many more people were wounded in that attack . The campus website said the school will be closed until final exams start on May 13 "  due to the current situation . " The unrest came as the United Nations continued to try to impose a cease-fire in Syria and organize an observation force to monitor adherence by the regime and the opposition . Can U.N. monitors help forge peace in Syria ? Amateur videos posted on the Internet show demonstrators and burned campus rooms at Aleppo University . Student demonstrators also turned out at Deir Ezzor University , the Daraa branch of Damascus University and other towns . Rafif Jouejati , LCC spokeswoman , said the ferment is a sign that the regime is turning its focus to campus dissenters . "  They have pretty well hammered farmers and villagers . They have targeted many of the professionals , " she said of the regime . "  They are just shifting their attention . " Jouejati said students have been staging protests since the uprising began in March 2011 but now "  more and more university students are coming out as the barrier of fear is eliminated . " The regime , she said , typically has reacted to student demonstrators by surrounding the campus where they have been protesting , arresting a few students and beating them up , she said . Now , they are "  stepping up the brutality " by firing tear gas and live ammunition , she said . At Aleppo , one person died after security tossed him from a window , Jouejati said . "  This has been building up , " Jouejati said . "  For many of these students , it is impossible to be educated and know what 's happening in your country and not stand up and speak . " She said the students taking part in the protests are from all fields of study . "  It 's not just the literature people . It 's the engineering folks . It 's the law students . They are coming out and they are demanding freedom . " She said security forces were targeting anything that might be interpreted as dissent , such as students sitting silently on the ground . The phrase "  Stop the killing ! " assigns no blame , but it too has been targeted , she said . Outrage over the crackdown at Aleppo University emerged in Lebanon . The Syrian Revolution 2011 page on Facebook is reporting that students at the American University of Beirut were holding a demonstration in solidarity with the students in Syria . "  I stand with the students at the University of Aleppo and its martyrs , " a protest flier said . CNN can not independently verify reports of violence and deaths within Syria because the government has restricted access by most of the international media . The reported attacks come despite the presence of the U.N. observers , who have reported cases of cease-fire violations from the government and the opposition . The cease-fire went into effect April 12 and is part of a six-point peace plan negotiated by U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy Kofi Annan . Annan 's plan includes allowing humanitarian groups access to the population , releasing detainees , starting a political dialogue and withdrawing troops from city centers -- a mandate the government has not met , according to the United Nations . The U.N. observer mission is tasked to monitor the cease-fire and the peace plan . Maj. Gen. Robert Mood , head of the mission , said 50 observers were in the country , "  deployed in the provinces of Damascus , Homs , Aleppo , Hama , Idleb and Daraa , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said . A U.N. peacekeeping official in New York said that as of noon ET Thursday , 33 military observers and 27 international civilian staff were in Syria . A total of 300 are expected to be in the country by the end of the month . A U.N. official said this week said both sides have violated the cease-fire . Though the United States seeks an end to all violence , most of the attacks have been by the government forces , said Mark Toner , the U.S. State Department spokesman . "  So far , the Syrian regime has taken , really , almost no steps toward fulfilling the core commitments of the Annan proposal , " he said . Syria 's protests started peacefully in March last year , but a government crackdown spawned violence that has left thousands dead and prompted some military defectors to take up arms against the regime forces . The government has consistently blamed the violence on "  armed terrorists . " The United Nations estimates that at least 9,000 people have died in the conflict while opposition groups put the death toll at more than 11,000 . President Bashar al-Assad 's family has ruled Syria for 42 years . CNN 's Richard Roth , Amir Ahmed and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 32 killed Thursday , opposition says The number of monitors increases to 50 , state media says The regime is shifting its focus to students , the LCC says Students in Beirut hold a protest in support of the Aleppo students
Wired  -- Google 's search engine was created when most of the Web 's information was open and available to anyone willing to capture it . In today 's more restrictive environment , Google co-founder Sergey Brin and CEO Larry Page may not have even tried to start the company . "  The kind of environment that we developed Google in , the reason that we were able to develop a search engine , is the Web was so open , " Brin told The Guardian . "  Once you get too many rules , that will stifle innovation . " In an interview published Sunday , Google 's co-founder cited a wide range of attacks on "  the open Internet , " including government censorship and interception of data , overzealous attempts to protect intellectual property , and new communication portals that use web technologies and the internet , but under restrictive corporate control . There are "  very powerful forces that have lined up against the open internet on all sides and around the world , " says Brin . "  I thought there was no way to put the genie back in the bottle , but now it seems in certain areas the genie has been put back in the bottle . " Not coincidentally , these forces map directly onto three of Google 's biggest headaches as a business in the past few years . There 's no way for Google 's servers to crawl Facebook 's pages or Apple 's smartphone apps for information . YouTube 's video clips , Google Books and other key initiatives have had to grapple with both the media industries and government court rulings or legislation . And besides having to withdraw from China to Hong Kong after a series of attacks and new censorship rules , Google has been compelled to hand over user information to the U.S. government , sometimes without being able to legally notify those users . "  If we could be in some magical jurisdiction that everyone in the world trusted , that would be great , " says Brin . "  We 're doing it as well as can be done . " Brin lists several other threats to the open Web  and to Google  : -- Smartphone apps , as led by Apple : "  all the information in apps -- that data is not crawlable by Web crawlers . You ca n't search it . " -- Facebook , where data goes in but never comes out : "  Facebook has been sucking down Gmail contacts for many years . " -- SOPA and PIPA , which Brin says would have led to the U.S. using the same content-screening technology it has criticized China and Iran for using . With SOPA and PIPA , says Brin , fears of piracy had reduced the media industry to "  shooting itself in the foot , or maybe worse than in the foot . " Still , there 's a profound audacity in Brin bundling Internet censorship in regimes like China , Saudi Arabia and Iran , which restrict user access to the web , with Facebook and Apple 's platforms , which restrict Google 's . There may be a continuum of control and closure of the Internet that connects repressive governments at one end and overbearing corporations at the other . The fight over the SOPA/PIPA legislation , where entertainment and technology companies , along with their users , fought it out in the halls of Congress , doubtlessly lies somewhere in between . But Google is likewise doubtlessly a part of that continuum , not apart from it . Because of its origin and the nature of its business , Google 's prospects are inexorably tied to the fate of the open Web . But we have to resist the urge to make the two identical . Google is n't just a Web-crawling search company anymore . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Google 's co-founder Sergey Brin cited a wide range of attacks on "  the open Internet " Apple , Facebook and China are part of the problem , Brin says But Google has been compelled to hand over user information to the U.S. government Brin : SOPA and PIPA would have restricted user access to the Web
CNN  -- With a few quick strokes of a pen this week , Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva signed into law a widely debated measure that aims to end hundreds of years of racial disparity . Whether the Racial Equality Law will succeed in a nation where about the half the population consists of people of color , but most of the political and economic power resides in white hands , will not be known for years . Some observers say the law will just make matters worse because the inequalities in the nation of more than 201 million people are economic and social , not racial . "  It makes Brazil do what Brazil has never done , which is racialize the debate , " said Paulo Sotero , director of the Brazil Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Institute for Scholars . "  The way to face it is not to define who is this or who is that , but to create opportunities . " About 54 percent of Brazilians are white , 39 percent are mixed race and 6 percent are black , according to the CIA World Factbook . But those distinctions are lost on most Brazilians , Sotero and others say . "  I have black ancestors , indigenous ancestors , Portuguese ancestors , and I personally do n't give a damn , " Sotero said . That 's not to say that huge inequalities do n't exist . The country 's Gross Domestic Product -- the value of goods and services it produces -- was $ 2 trillion in 2009 , the 10th largest in the world , according to the CIA World Factbook . But per capita income for the same year was estimated at $ 10,200 , the 105th highest in the world . Simply stated , most of the wealth being produced is not finding its way down to most Brazilians . It 's people of color who bear the brunt of that inequality . Brazilians of African descent earn 58 cents for every $ 1 a white Brazilian makes , according to the government 's National Household Survey . This in a country where one of every four Brazilians lives below the poverty level . "  The poor generally have darker skin , " Sotero said . But that 's not because blacks are considered inherently inferior , but because they have n't had the opportunities , analysts say . "  The country really favors a meritocracy , " said Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a liberal Washington think tank . "  If you had the talent and you had the education , you could succeed , " Birns said . "  It just so happened that most of the time the whites had the education . " Peter Hakim , president emeritus of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute , notes that "  if people move up the social ladder , they 're not viewed by a racial prism . " Much discrimination has been based on economic class , not race . "  It 's a class and social issue that sometimes expresses itself as racial , " Sotero said . "  I 'm not saying there is no racism . Yes , there is , " he said . "  But in Brazil there is no racial hatred . " Birns recalls that rich people would place ads in newspapers years ago seeking husbands for their daughters . The ads would note that "  race need not matter , " he said . "  The rich were n't particularly scornful of the blacks , " Birns said . "  They simply were scornful of those who were poor . " Still , though , people of color have faced barriers -- physical and otherwise . "  Not long ago , " Hakim said , "  black people were required to use the service entrance to buildings . Now , that 's not so . " The Brazilian Senate approved the Racial Equality Statute in June and Lula signed it Tuesday . Senators removed provisions for racial quotas in universities and businesses , but the law offers tax incentives for enterprises that undertake racial inclusion , the Globo newspaper reported Wednesday . The law also defines what constitutes racial discrimination and inequality and says that anyone who considers himself or herself a black or mulatto is covered . In addition , the law stipulates that African and Brazilian black history be taught in all elementary and middle schools . Brazil will hold elections for a new president in October and some observers see adoption of the racial equality law as one of the last pieces of unfinished business before Lula leaves office . "  The law is one of a number of things that Lula has done to face up to various Brazilian dilemmas , " Birns said . "  He has placed issues on the agenda that previously had difficulty being there . " Enactment of the measure shows how far the country has come , Hakim said . "  Until 10 or 12 years ago , " he said , "  Brazil was very sensitive about race . Now Brazil has begun to feel a little more relaxed about the whole thing . " And the law is significant , Hakim said , because Brazil now is "  willing to admit racial discrimination . " Observers emphasize it would be a mistake to compare the racial situation in Brazil with the United States . For starters , the definition of who is black is significantly different . "  In the United States , a person who has one drop of black blood is considered black , " Sotero said , pointing out that President Barack Obama is labeled as black although his mother was white . "  In Brazil , it 's just the opposite , " he said . "  A person who has one drop of white blood is considered not black . " Brazil 's initial pool of African natives also was much larger than in the United States . About 900,000 slaves survived the trip from Africa to the United States , Sotero said , while 3.7 million slaves made it to Brazil . The sheer weight of that many slaves made them a larger part of Brazilian society , he said . Slavery became illegal in the United States in 1865 when Congress passed the 13th Amendment to the Constitution , while Brazil outlawed slavery in 1888 . Sotero sees a major difference in the aftermath in the two countries , though , because much of the racism in the United States was codified into laws that were not overturned until the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , 100 years after the end of the Civil War . "  There were no JIm Crow laws in Brazil , officially , " Sotero said . "  There was prejudice , but it was not categorized in law . " Says Hakim , "  Brazil has a longer history of the two races living side by side . " Compared with the United States , he said , "  the difference between blacks and whites in Brazil was never that dramatic . " As a result , he said , there 's a big difference in how African descendants see themselves in each country . "  Blacks in the United States recognize themselves mostly as being black first , " he said . "  In Brazil , they see themselves as being black and Brazilian . "  In the United States , race tends to be all-determining . It 's not the same in Brazil . There 's lots of discrimination , but not this all-too-determining factor . " But Brazil 's new law could increase racial tensions , Sotero said , because people could start thinking more in those terms . "  It 's a very controversial measure because it mandates that people identify themselves as black or white , " he said . "  Most Brazilians would have difficulties to put themselves in a category . " Or the law could turn out to be meaningless . "  One of the things that could happen with it is nothing , " he said . "  There are many laws in Brazil that are not fully implemented because there are no resources . " Regardless , Hakim said , passage of the law carries weight . "  Laws always have two sides , " he said . "  There 's the symbolic side . Progress is always slower . " Sotero agrees . "  Now we have to implement the law and see what happens . "	Brazil 's problems are social and economic , not racial , some analysts say Many Brazilians do n't think in racial terms , the analysts say Nearly half of all Brazilians are people of color The income gap between whites and people of African descent is nearly 2 to 1
SAN ANGELO , Texas  CNN  -- The state of Texas should not have removed children from a polygamist sect 's ranch because it did n't prove that they were in "  imminent danger , " an appeals court ruled Thursday . Photos from a Web site launched by the sect show scenes during and after the raid of their ranch . In the ruling , a three-judge panel did not order that the children be returned to their families on the Yearning for Zion Ranch in Eldorado , Texas . Instead , the judges gave the lower court 10 days to vacate an order placing the children in state custody . "  The existence of the FLDS belief system as described by the department 's witnesses , by itself , does not put children of FLDS parents in physical danger , " the judges said . More than 450 children were removed from their homes last month on the Yearning for Zion Ranch , which is owned by the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints , a Mormon offshoot that practices polygamy . In its ruling , the Texas 3rd District Court of Appeals decided in favor of 38 women who had appealed a lower court judge 's decision that the children remain in state custody . Although the ruling applies only to the children of the 38 mothers represented in this case , a lawyer for the women said the Court of Appeals ' reasoning would apply to all of the children who were removed from their homes . "  It is a great day for families in the state of Texas , " said Julie Balovich of Texas RioGrande Legal Aid . Watch Balovich and the FLDS mothers react to the ruling " Members of the YFZ community said they were "  extremely grateful " for the court 's ruling , but acknowledged the long road ahead . The state can still appeal the decision or renew the investigation . "  I 'd like to see the children in my arms before I rejoice greatly , " said Maggie Jessop , who has two girls and two boys in state custody across Texas . Jessop told CNN 's Larry King that the experience had traumatized her children , whom she has visited several times since they went into foster care . "  They feel betrayed by adults , and they 're hurting very badly , " Jessop said . The parents said they had spent the last few weeks zigzagging across the state to visit their children , who were taken from the sprawling 1,700-acre ranch on April 3 . "  You can see it 's a lot of stress on them , " Edson Jessop said , referring to his three boys and girl . "  Every time we leave , they go through that trauma again . It 's enough to rip your heart out . " State officials told CNN they were reviewing the ruling . "  We are trying to assess the impact this may have on our case and what our next steps will be , " child welfare spokesman Patrick Crimmins said in a written statement . "  Our office is confident that -LSB- the -RSB- state 's lawyers will review the appropriate next steps in this case to ensure the safety and welfare of the children involved , " Krista Piferrer , spokesman for Texas Gov. Rick Perry , said in a written statement . The law grants the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services the authority to take emergency possession of a child if authorities have reason to suspect that there is an "  immediate danger to the physical health or safety , " warranting their immediate removal . According to the ruling , the department obtained an emergency order to take custody of the children based on reports from a hot line caller who said she had been raped and impregnated on the ranch . The girl , who claimed to be 16 , reported that she had an 8-month-old baby and was pregnant again , and that she was married to Dale Barlow , who abused her physically and sexually . Lawyers for the 38 mothers said authorities used those allegations to draw broader inferences about the practices and beliefs of all the sect members . After interviewing five minors who were or had been pregnant , CPS removed all of the children , based on the assumption that the community 's belief system allowed minor females to marry and bear children , lawyers for the women argued . "  The department 's lead investigator was of the opinion that due to the ` pervasive belief system ' of the FLDS , the male children are groomed to be perpetrators of sexual abuse and the girls are raised to be victims of sexual abuse , " the ruling noted . Watch CNN 's Sunny Hostin explain the ruling " After the state took custody of the children , the mothers appealed the order on the grounds the department failed to establish that the need for protection was urgent . Because no such proof was presented , the mothers argued that the district court , which backed the raid , abused its discretion and was obligated to return the children to their parents . The appeals panel agreed . "  Evidence that children raised in this particular environment may someday have their physical health and safety threatened is not evidence that the danger is imminent enough to warrant invoking the extreme measure of immediate removal prior to full litigation of the issue , " the panel wrote . Watch how the ruling favors FLDS " Furthermore , the court said , CPS did not make any reasonable effort to determine if measures other than removal would have reduced the perceived risk to the children . Outside the courthouse , Balovich said it was "  ridiculous " how the courts had ignored the parents ' rights . "  It was about time a court stood up and said that what has been happening to these families is wrong , " she said . Surrounded by the FLDS mothers represented in the case , Balovich said authorities considered the YFZ Ranch one household , an assertion with which the appeals court did not agree . Therefore , proving that there was abuse in one household did not mean the state could apply that behavior to the entire ranch . "  This was the right decision , " Balovich said , adding that she and her clients are "  ecstatic about this news . " The ruling noted other deficiencies in the Department 's investigation . The authenticity of the initial abuse reports that turned authorities ' attention on the ranch is in question , the court noted in its ruling . Police have alleged that a family shelter crisis line received multiple calls March 29 and 30 from a caller claiming to be Sarah Jessop Barlow , age 16 . At least one of the telephones used by "  Sarah Barlow " has been traced to a Colorado woman . Police say Rozita Swinton is a person of interest in connection with the reports of abuse at the ranch , but she has not been charged . She does , however , face a charge of providing a false report to authorities in a Colorado case . Court hearings in the FLDS case resumed Monday , with hearings in several courtrooms to accommodate lawyers for the children . The hearings were held so the parties could review "  family service plans " dictating the parameters under which FLDS parents can regain custody of their children . FLDS members have denied any physical or sexual abuse takes place , and maintain they are being persecuted for their religious beliefs . The sect 's leader , Warren Jeffs , is in a Utah prison after being convicted on charges of being an accomplice to rape in connection with a marriage he performed in 2001 . Jeffs also faces trial in Arizona on charges stemming from arranged marriages involving FLDS teens .	Lower court has 10 days to reverse its ruling or appeals court will act Court says abuse in one household did not apply to entire ranch Authorities removed about 460 children from the YFZ Ranch in April Parents reject abuse claims , have pushed for state to return children
CNN  -- Anthony Khoury and his family were in the living room of their home in Washington , Illinois , on Sunday when his father thought he heard a helicopter flying over head . When they turned to look out the window , they saw a tornado barreling through their neighborhood -- one of dozens spawned by a severe weather system that affected several states in the Midwest . "  Everyone started running downstairs , " Khoury said . As his parents and aunt huddled together against the basement wall , the 21-year-old stood near the window , documenting the ferocious tornado as it swept through the area . "  The tornado happened in my backyard and you can hear people screaming . We were freaking out , " he said . Khoury started praying as he captured the twister ripping through nearby structures . After the tornado passed , he and his family went outside to survey the damage . He says , to their surprise , their home was not affected by the tornado , but the surrounding neighborhood was left in disarray . Roofs were ripped off of some homes and others were leveled . "  It was complete destruction . There are people in the streets crying , " he said . "  We 're so blessed that our street was untouched . You drive out of my street and all this destruction is there . A mile away it is all destroyed , " he said .	Anthony Khoury captured an incredible video of a tornado sweeping through his neighborhood This tornado was one of dozens that occurred across the Midwest on Sunday Khoury says the storm left many parts of his neighborhood destroyed
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- A growing chorus of international agencies is calling for South Sudan 's warring factions to cease hostilities . A day after East African leaders warned both the fledgling country and its rebel group to lay down their arms within four days , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon threw his weight behind that ultimatum from the Intergovernmental Authority on Development  IGAD  . In a statement released Saturday , Ban said he lauded IGAD for "  appointing a mediation team to work with the government of south Sudan and opposition in reaching a cease-fire , the release of the detainees and building toward a process of peaceful dialogue . " "  The United Nations stands with the people of South Sudan and will continue to do everything within its means to protect civilians at risk and provide necessary humanitarian assistance , " the U.N. statement continued . "  All violence , attacks and human rights abuses must end immediately . The Secretary-General reminds those responsible that they will be held accountable . He calls on the government and all concerned to ensure the rights and security of civilians are protected . " It 's unclear what the repercussions would be for either side if they refuse the demands . A communique issued Friday in Nairobi , Kenya , appears to throw IGAD 's weight behind South Sudanese President Salva Kiir , whose government has said that it would come to the negotiating table without preconditions . Kiir has accused rival politician Riek Machar , his former vice president , of trying to stage a coup -- a claim Machar has denied . Kiir 's Vice President , James Wani Igga , says Machar will make it difficult for both sides to meet IGAD 's truce deadline . "  Dr. Riek has put obstacles to this genuine call by issuing preconditions : namely that the cease-fire or peace can not be reached unless a negotiation is conducted , and added a number of obstacles , " the South Sudanese Vice President said Saturday . Kiir and Machar are longtime rivals from two different tribal clans . Kiir is from the Dinka tribe , Machar from the Neur . Fighting broke out between Kiir 's government and supporters of Machar on December 15 in the capital city of Juba . It quickly spread across the country , with reports of mass killings lent credence by mass graves . Worried about the safety of medical staff and facilities , Doctors Without Borders is also asking both sides to alleviate "  the volatile and rapidly evolving security situation . " The international aid group says it has provided medical care to approximately 40,000 people who have fled to two U.N. bases in Juba since the latest wave of violence began . The U.N. says more than 63,000 total civilians are now crowded onto its compounds across South Sudan . Even though a curfew is in place in Juba , and though the capital has been relatively safe and stable compared to other parts of South Sudan for the past week or so , scared and beleaguered civilians have refused to leave the U.N. compounds . On Friday , 72 peacekeepers arrived in Juba , according to the United Nations . It was the first group of an additional 5,500 peacekeepers approved by U.N. Security Council . The additional personnel will increase the total peacekeeping force in South Sudan to 12,500 soldiers and 1,323 police officers . CNN 's Arwa Damon and journalist Mading Ngor reported from Juba , South Sudan , and CNN 's Mark Morgenstein wrote this story in Atlanta .	U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon backs East African leaders ' call for peace Ban warns those responsible for violence and human rights abuse ` will be held accountable ' Doctors Without Borders also calls for end to violence
Less than a week after a tightly controlled trial , a Chinese court Tuesday found a prominent Uyghur scholar guilty of "  separatism " and sentenced him to life in prison , his lawyer said . Ilham Tohti , an economics professor at Beijing 's Minzu University , was tried for two days last week at the Intermediate People 's Court in Urumqi , capital of Xinjiang . The trial took place in China 's restive western region where a spate of recent violent incidents have been blamed by the government on Muslim Uyghur separatists seeking to establish an independent state . The court also ordered the confiscation of all of Tohti 's assets , said Liu Xiaoyuan , one of Tohti 's lawyers , Police detained the 44-year-old academic -- along with several of his students -- in Beijing in January and took him to his native Xinjiang . Tohti spent months in jail before state prosecutors charged him with the serious crime of "  splitting the country . " Liu told CNN before the court announcement that he and his client were prepared for a guilty verdict and would appeal . The ruling Communist Party controls all aspects of China 's judicial process and , according to the country 's supreme court , the conviction rate for criminal trials stood at 99.9 % at the last count . "  Whatever the result , he said he would face up to it , " Liu said , while anticipating a heavy sentence for Tohti . "  But he emphasized he 's not a separatist , just someone who offered constructive criticism on the government 's ethnic policies . " "  He maintained that he 'd always been trying to preserve ethnic unity , not to destroy it , " the lawyer added . "  What he wanted was the implementation of human rights , rule of law and genuine autonomy in Xinjiang . " ` Respected professor ' In a statement , The White House called on Chinese authorities to release Tohti , describing him as a "  respected professor who has long championed efforts to bridge differences between Uyghurs and Han Chinese . " Although Tohti was indicted only in late July , Xinjiang police said in a statement in January that they had gathered firm evidence of him colluding with overseas forces to "  spread separatist ideas , incite ethnic hatred and advocate Xinjiang independence . " The police statement also accused Tohti of teaching students about "  violent Uyghur resistance " in his class and encouraging them to overthrow the Chinese government . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said that the harsh sentence appeared to be "  retribution for Professor Tohti 's efforts to promote human rights for China 's ethnic Uyhgur citizens . " He added that Tohti and those like him were "  indispensible in helping to resolve the underlying causes of unrest and violence " and "  silencing them can only make tensions worse . " Tohti 's defense team has challenged the Urumqi court 's jurisdiction over the case and complained about the poor treatment of their client in jail , which at one point caused him to stage a ten-day hunger strike in protest . The lawyers recently said that Tohti was put in shackles and denied warm clothes in a cold cell . The Xinjiang government did not immediately respond to CNN 's call for comment Tuesday . Lawyer Liu said Tohti was mostly calm and relaxed during the trial but launched an eloquent and passionate hour-long self-defense toward the end of the hearing , prompting the judge to warn him "  this is not your lecture hall . " Human rights campaign group Amnesty International said the verdict and heavy sentence was an affront to justice . "  Ilham Tohti worked to peacefully build bridges between ethnic communities and for that he has been punished through politically motivated charges , " said William Nee , China researcher at Amnesty International . "  Tohti is a prisoner of conscience and the Chinese authorities must immediately and unconditionally release him . " International attention Tohti 's fate has attracted great international attention . Western diplomats -- including representatives from the U.S. embassy in China -- and journalists trying to attend the "  open trial " last week were kept at bay , as uniformed and plainclothes police flooded the area around the court . The authorities allowed in four Tohti family members -- his wife and three brothers -- who had not seen him for nine months . The U.S. government has expressed deep concern over the scholar 's case and called for his release on several occasions . "  His arrest silenced an important voice that peacefully promoted harmony and understanding among China 's ethnic groups , particularly the Uyghurs , " a spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Beijing told CNN after the trial . "  We stress the importance of Chinese authorities differentiating between peaceful dissent and violent extremism . " Tohti is known for his research on Uyghur-Han relations and has been a vocal critic of the government 's ethnic policies in Xinjiang , a resource-rich region long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking Uyghurs . The arrival of waves of Han , China 's predominant ethnic group , over the past decades has fueled ethnic tensions . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward the Han majority in recent years over what they describe as harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and loss of economic opportunities to Han people in Xinjiang . Amnesty International has said Uyghurs face widespread discrimination in employment , housing and education , as well as curtailed religious freedom . Other critics , including exiled Uyghur activists , have attributed the rise of violence in Xinjiang to Beijing 's increasingly repressive rule there -- a claim the government vehemently denies .	Chinese court has found a prominent Uyghur scholar guilty of "  separatism " He has been sentenced to life in prison Lawyer told CNN he was prepared for guilty verdict and would appeal White House calls on China to release "  respected professor "
Men who are circumcised are less likely to get sexually transmitted infections such as genital herpes and human papillomavirus  HPV  , but not syphilis , according to a study of adult African men published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine . Circumcision rates have traditionally been higher in the U.S. than in Europe , but they 've been on the decline . The finding adds to the evidence that there are health benefits to circumcision . It was already known that circumcision can reduce the risk of penile cancer , a relatively rare disease . In a previous study , the same research team found that adult circumcision could reduce the risk of HIV infection . Efforts to increase the practice of male circumcision in areas with high rates of sexually transmitted infections , including Africa , could have a tremendous benefit , say the study 's authors . Genital herpes has been associated with an increased risk of HIV , and HPV can cause genital warts as well as a higher risk of anal , cervical  in women  , and penile cancers . Health.com : Is your partner cheating ? How to protect yourself In the United States , infant circumcision is declining . About 64 percent of American male infants were circumcised in 1995 , down from more than 90 percent in the 1970s . Rates tend to be higher in whites  81percent  than in blacks  65 percent  or Hispanics  54 percent  . Some opponents say the removal of the foreskin is an unnecessary surgical procedure that may reduce sexual sensitivity in adulthood . In Jewish and Muslim cultures , young or infant boys are routinely circumcised for religious reasons . Circumcision rates have traditionally been higher in the U.S. than in Europe , but the American Academy of Pediatrics currently says that the medical benefits are insufficient to recommend circumcision for all baby boys . In the new study , a research team at the Rakai Health Sciences Program in Uganda -- in collaboration with researchers from the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore , Maryland , and Makerere University in Uganda -- conducted two clinical trials involving 3,393 uncircumcised men ages 15 to 49 . All the men were negative for HIV and genital herpes  also known as herpes simplex virus type 2  ; a subgroup of men also tested negative for HPV . Roughly half of the men underwent medically supervised circumcision at the start of the trial , while the other half were circumcised two years later . Overall , circumcision reduced the men 's risk of genital herpes by 28 percent  10.3 percent of uncircumcised men developed genital herpes compared with 7.8 percent of circumcised men  and HPV infection by 35 percent  27.8 percent of uncircumcised men were infected with HPV compared with 18 percent of circumcised men  . Circumcision did not , however , protect against syphilis .  About 2 percent of men in both groups contracted syphilis .  Health.com : A sexual risk taker comes to terms with drinking , depression , and STDs Study coauthor Thomas C. Quinn , M.D. , professor of global health at Johns Hopkins University , says that choosing circumcision , whether it 's the parents of an infant or an adult male for himself , is and should remain an individual decision . "  But the critics need to really look at the benefits versus the risks , " he adds . "  By now a large body of evidence has shown that the health benefits clearly outweigh the minor risk associated with the surgery . In our study , we did n't see any adverse effects or mutilation . We 're recommending supervised , safe , sterile environments -- not circumcision out in an open field with rusty instruments . " Increasing circumcision rates in Africa may not only help men , but would likely protect women too , possibly lowering the rates of female cervical cancer , the authors say . Ronald H. Gray , M.D. , professor of public health at Johns Hopkins University and study coauthor , says that the researchers plan to look at whether male circumcision reduces the transmission of HPV to female sexual partners . Health.com : 10 questions to ask a new partner before having sex Even in the United States , this study has relevance , says Anthony Fauci , M.D. , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases  which funded one of the trials  . "  In this country , circumcision for infant boys remains a personal decision for the parents , " he says . "  This makes us rethink whether doctors should be more aggressive in recommending that it at least be considered . If parents say no just because generations before them have said no , they should learn more about the significant health benefits before making that choice . " Roughly three-quarters of U.S. adults have had at least one HPV infection , according to an editorial by Matthew R. Golden , M.D. , and Judith N. Wasserheit , M.D. , both of the University of Washington . Although vaccines against some of the most dangerous HPV strains have been approved for girls ages 13 to 26 , the vaccines are expensive and routine Pap tests are still necessary to pick up cervical cancers . Health.com : How to tell your ex you have an STD Golden and Wasserheit note that "  rates of circumcision are declining and are lowest among black and Hispanic patients , groups in whom rates of HIV , herpes , and cervical cancer are disproportionately high . " Medicaid , which insures many low-income patients in these populations , does not pay for routine infant circumcision in 16 states . The study authors hope that this growing evidence in favor of circumcision will persuade policy-making bodies , both in the United States and in other countries , to officially recommend the procedure -- which could make patient education and insurance coverage more likely . It 's not clear why circumcision may affect infection rates . But the study authors suggest that penile foreskin may provide a moist , favorable environment for herpes and HPV to survive and enter cells on the skin 's surface . Once the foreskin is surgically removed , the risk of infection may be reduced . Health.com : Men can lose their sex drives too They also note , however , that male circumcision is not completely effective in preventing sexually transmitted infections . Safe sex practices , including consistent condom use , are still necessary to provide the best protection . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : Circumcision reduces risk of HPV infection and herpes , but not syphilis Circumcision known to reduce risk of HIV infection and penile cancer 64 percent of American baby boys circumcised in ' 95 , down from 90 percent in 70s
The Islamist terrorist organization Boko Haram has been active as a violent group since 2009 and in recent months has killed Nigerians , both Christian and Muslim , at rates frequently exceeding a hundred people weekly . It is puzzling how little attention this has received in world media , especially in comparison to , say , the attack of Islamist militants on the mall in Kenya in September , resulting in 67 dead . That is , until now . The abduction of a reported 276 schoolgirls from Chibok village in the northeastern Borno state has shocked people around the world . A deeper examination of Boko Haram provides a revealing prism of the conflict in Nigeria . Boko Haram translates as "  Western education is sin . " Rarely has the name of a terrorist organization revealed so much , but it does in ways beyond the surface interpretations sometimes portrayed in the media . In Boko Haram , we see a total storm coming together : Globalization has brought Western ideas and imagery , especially around issues of women and sexuality , into the most patriarchal corners of the world . Globalization , through Internet and broader interconnectedness , has facilitated and favored global ideologies , including globalized versions of Islam , some of which are extremist . Melinda Gates : Boko Haram kidnaps a nation New media have shined a light on poor governance , including that of the corrupt Nigerian government . The impact of Wahhabi Islam , actively promoted by Saudis and Gulf Arabs , has had such an impact that in northern Nigeria , even Arabic street signs and Middle Eastern dress are seen together with Saudi-funded mosques . But Boko Haram 's rise is not only driven by global trends in themselves but by how globalization has melded with the internal dynamics of Nigerian education . The Christian South in Nigeria is much more prosperous than the Muslim North , and that economic gap is growing rapidly . The roots go back to the British colonial period from the late 19th century to independence in 1960 . The British ruled the South directly , which was also being rapidly Christianized by missionaries . Missionaries ran many of the schools . Malala : Kidnapped girls are ` my sisters ' In the Muslim North , the British practiced "  indirect rule , " governing through the clerical and traditional elites and allowing local religious institutions to operate autonomously  with some limitations , for example , banning slavery  . The impact of missionary schooling was to bring Western education into Nigeria , and this has had direct bearing on economic development for the regions where such schools predominated -- and this legacy is with us to this day . Access to Western-style education has been key for enabling people to adapt to a modern economy . In the north , some missionary schools were established , but traditional elites always resisted them for obvious religious reasons and because those schools threatened to generate an alternative elite . Instead , the schooling that predominates in the north of Nigeria consists of religious schools , or the al-Majiri education system -- often informal , with students congregating under a tree . These students are completely unequipped to work in a changing economy  and overall , Nigeria is economically growing rapidly  . Some of these schools have dubious teachers who exploit the usually impoverished students by getting them to beg in the streets for the teachers ' own gain . John Sutter : ` We ca n't let this be the new normal ' In the wake of September 11 , there was extensive discussion of Muslim schools and the extent to which some were inculcating extremism , for example madrassas in Pakistan . Some have claimed that Muslim education , properly taught , would provide an inoculation against extremism . But that debate lost sight of a larger issue , whatever the theology of such schools . The graduates of those schools are often adrift in globalized economies without marketable skills and modern education , and more vulnerable to at least tolerating extremism . Which brings us back to the language of Boko Haram . The leadership has ranted against any form of secular education . It teaches that European colonists introduced modern secular education into Islamic societies in a conspiracy to maintain colonialist hegemony over Muslim societies : The West aims to corrupt pure Islamic morals with liberal norms . Likewise , the leaders believe that the West wants to replace proper gender roles with sexual permissiveness . Secular subjects like chemistry , physics , engineering , meteorological explanations of rain , the theory of evolution are all denounced as contrary to the Quran . In our research in the area , and in other surveys , it is evident that students coming out of the religious schools are more likely to sympathize with Boko Haram , significantly even those who are not particularly religious in practice . Equally significantly , religiosity as such does not necessarily bring with it a tendency to back Boko Haram . The issue is the education system , not religious belief . In the eyes of Boko Haram , the abduction of schoolgirls is a triple strike against what they view as Western depravity : against Western schools , against "  the obscenity " of having girls in school at all and against Christianity , to the degree the schoolgirls are Christian . If northern Nigeria is to have a more stable and prosperous long-term future , it is essential to develop an education system that prepares students for a modern , globalized economy . This is especially the case in the northeast , where Boko Haram is most active . Nigerians in northeastern Nigeria , who in part may sympathize with Boko Haram 's fight against corruption , are however alienated by Boko Haram 's bloodlust . And most will support developing an education system that provides the foundation to make a living .	Boko Haram has killed hundreds of Nigerians each month Authors : Kidnapping of schoolgirls brought world 's attention to the terror group They say it is fueled by a reaction in impoverished north to Western education , values Backward schooling must yield to education that teaches marketable skills , they say
CNN  -- Waking up Tuesday to the news that my good friend and former team mate Phil Hughes was in a critical state in hospital after a blow to the head in a state cricket match made me instantly realize how fragile life can be . This is a bloke who lives life to the full . When we lived together in London and I was knocking around the flat -- getting stressed about something or the other -- it would be his arm around my shoulder , saying "  You just got to enjoy it , bro " accompanied by a trademark grin . Phil is the type of guy you 'd expect to walk about with a surfboard under his arm , because he 's always looking for the next wave . A strong , energetic person , he has transformed much of my thinking about the game -- and even my life . My relationship with him started when I agreed to be the overseas player for the Western Suburbs cricket team in Sydney . Phil was the new young gun in Aussie cricket who had burst onto the scene . We hit it off and I gained so much from this young guy who oozed such confidence . He seemed so fearless and full of life . He was carefree yet deeply focused and hungry ; I loved being around all that energy . It made me feel alive and it certainly brought me out of my own introspection . It contrasted starkly with the way I had gone about my career to that time . We made an odd couple . Phil was a breath of fresh air and it was only a few months later that we were sharing an apartment in England while he ripped up county cricket during his first stint playing for Middlesex . I was in awe of this young kid -- five years my junior -- "  What a player ! " I thought . So when I woke up in Abu Dhabi to receive the news about his accident it sent a chill down my spine . I had spent the weekend watching Lewis Hamilton at the Formula One Grand Prix charging towards his second world championship . Frequently , during the weekend watching drivers careering around a track at incredible speeds , my elation at this high-octane sport was tinged with apprehension . My thoughts tracked back to the life of Ayrton Senna , arguably the most naturally gifted racing driver of all-time . Senna was brave , a three-time world champion , but at the same fearful . He was deeply ambitious and individual . Yet in a split second he was gone , losing his life after a crash at Imola in 1994 . And then this happens to Phil -- left in a critical state . Cricket is essentially a team sport but the life of a top order batsmen can be isolated and lonely . The hours spent hitting thousands of balls trying to perfect your game can drive you mad . On many occasions , you strap on your pads and go out to train despite feeling well outside of your comfort zone . Pushing yourself to the limit , there is often more apprehension in training than there is in match play . Then there is the lonely bubble under your helmet . Just you and your thoughts . There is always the time to mull over your next move . Being a batsmen is lonely , it takes drive and a courage to face your emotions and your fears . You are frequently tested by the best fast bowlers in the toughest circumstances . But it is n't often you face someone and are truly scared . I have faced 95 mph balls from a bowling machine off 18 yards in an indoor hall , with the lights turned off , and felt horrendous . It has become a regular occurrence in my life . This year , playing for Somerset against Warwickshire , I got a nasty crack to the head . I 've always prided myself on the way I play short pitch stuff but that day the angle of delivery , coupled with some foggy processing , did for me . I copped one flush on the side of my helmet . I recall , clearly , being shocked at how dazed I felt and I remember thinking "  I could be in trouble . " I put my hands on my knees , and just waited for things to go dark around me . Fortunately they did n't and , after lying on my back for a couple of minutes and taking on some refreshment , I was able to carry on . So seeing Phil fall flat on his face like that was spine chilling . Phil 's accident was a complete freak . For a ball to miss everything and cause such harm to the head is desperately bad luck . Granted , there has been a litany of incidents in recent times where the ball has found a way through the grill of the helmet bruising cheeks and noses , cutting the skin or removing teeth . But for a ball to almost find its way through , under the helmet , behind the ear , and to cause that sort of damage is unheard of . Phil mistimed his shot , was through it too late -- it happens to all of us -- and then got himself into a bit of a tangle . Ninety nine times out of 100 , he would simply have been shaken and down on his haunches for a few seconds , before dusting himself off and carrying on . Maybe even hit the next short ball for six . This injury has left everyone in the cricketing world stunned . Our thoughts are with Phil and his family . I feel desperate thinking of everyone -- the love and adoration for him is overwhelming to see . Right now I am thinking of him , that surfboard under his arm , taking on "  Ours " -- the notorious surfing break located in the Kurnell National Park , New South Wales . And if anyone can ride this wave , it is Phil Hughes .	England cricketer and friend of Phil Hughes gives insight to life as top batsmen Being a batsmen takes "  drive and courage to face your emotions and fears " Compton suffered own blow to the head this year playing for English county Someset The 31-year-old is grandson of legendary England player Denis Compton
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A CBS producer accused of trying to extort $ 2 million from "  Late Show " host David Letterman pleaded not guilty Friday in a Manhattan courtroom . Robert Joel Halderman pleads not guilty Friday to first-degree attempted grand larceny . The producer , Robert Joel "  Joe " Halderman , 51 , of Norwalk , Connecticut , allegedly told Letterman last month that he would disclose Letterman 's dalliances with his show 's staffers unless he paid the money . Halderman is charged with first-degree attempted grand larceny . He has been suspended from his CBS job . Prosecutors at his arraignment in Manhattan Criminal Court had sought $ 500,000 bail , calling Halderman a flight risk . "  The evidence is compelling , " Assistant District Attorney Judy Salwen told the court . It shows that Halderman was trying to "  destroy " Letterman 's reputation and "  humiliate his family , " she said . Watch to learn more about Halderman " "  The defendant was desperate and willing to do anything , " Salwen added , saying Halderman was in debt . Defense attorney Gerald Shargel said his client has worked at CBS for 27 years and has two children , ages 11 and 18 . After the arraignment , Shargel said he believed that Halderman would post the bond and said Halderman denies the allegations . Halderman was seen in a car pulling away from the courthouse after the hearing . "  This story is far more complicated than what you heard this afternoon , " the lawyer said , without elaborating . "  It 's not the open and shut case you just heard about . " Shargel said Halderman has "  an impeccable reputation " and has never before been in trouble with the law . He said he expected to take the case to trial . Documents filed in Stamford Superior Court in Connecticut show that Halderman was required to pay about $ 6,800 a month in child and spousal support to his ex-wife . Prosecutors declined to say whether Halderman had financial problems or other motives . Earlier Friday , Shargel said he met with his client briefly at the jail . "  He is not dispirited , " the lawyer said . "  We 're prepared to fight this case . " Halderman told Letterman in a proposed script that his "  world was about to collapse around him " unless he received $ 2 million , Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau said . The one-page "  screenplay treatment , " which was attached to a letter , referred to Letterman 's great professional success and his "  beautiful and loving son , " Morgenthau said at a news conference . The contents of the letter were not revealed at the briefing . A screenplay treatment is similar to an outline . It describes the proposed plot and subplots , character interactions and tone of a story , such as a melodrama or romance . Letterman acknowledged on his show Thursday night that he 'd had sexual relations with members of his staff and that he revealed those liaisons during grand jury testimony for a case involving an attempted extortion . A representative for Letterman 's production company , Worldwide Pants Inc. , said Friday that the relationships Letterman referred to "  when discussing the matter on the Late Show predated his marriage " to longtime partner Regina Lasko . The couple , who have been together since 1986 , wed in March . They have a son , Harry , 5 . Morgenthau said Letterman gave Halderman , a producer for the CBS news magazine "  48 Hours , " a $ 2 million check Wednesday , and Halderman deposited it in a bank account in Connecticut . He was arrested Thursday outside CBS offices , the district attorney said . Halderman 's uncle , Richard Smith , told CNN 's "  Situation Room " that he last spoke to his nephew late Tuesday . "  We could tell that he was slightly down , " Smith said . "  He was n't his normal , bubbly , cheerful self . He sounded very tired . " Smith described Halderman as a "  very loving individual " who "  loved his job with CBS . " Halderman could face five to 15 years in prison if convicted . Morgenthau said the alleged extortion incidents were carried out between September 9 and September 30 . According to the indictment , Halderman waited outside Letterman 's Manhattan home at 6 a.m. September 9 to deliver the letter and other materials . Letterman said on his show that he saw the package when he went out to his car to leave for work . Halderman said he needed to "  make a large chunk of money " by selling Letterman the "  screenplay treatment , " Morgenthau said . The materials from Halderman also said Letterman 's "  world was about to collapse around him " if the information on his private life was unveiled , leading to a "  ruined reputation . " The letter asked Letterman to meet with Halderman that day to make a deal , Morgenthau said . He said Letterman , who had reported the alleged extortion to his attorney and the district attorney 's office , met with Halderman several times . The last two meetings were audiotaped . "  The message of this indictment should be clear . New York City will not tolerate the coercion or extortion of anyone , be the victim rich or poor , famous or anonymous , " Morgenthau said . "  The law prohibits conduct like the defendant 's and attaches severe penalty to it . We intend to enforce the law . " Letterman told his audience that he testified before the grand jury Thursday , "  something I 've never done in my life . " "  I had to go downtown to testify before the grand jury " and "  tell them all of the creepy things that I 've done , " referring to his sexual dalliances . Watch Letterman say he slept with members of his staff " "  I have had sex with women who work on this show , " he said . "  Would it be embarrassing if it were made public ? Perhaps it would , especially for the women . " "  I feel like I need to protect these people ; I need to certainly protect my family , " Letterman said . "  I need to protect myself ... hope to protect my job . " "  It 's been a very bizarre experience , " Letterman said in closing . "  I do n't plan to say much more about this . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	Robert Joel "  Joe " Halderman charged with attempted grand larceny "  48 Hours " producer has been suspended from duties at CBS Host says someone threatened to reveal sexual relations unless he paid $ 2 million Letterman 's dalliances predated his marriage , Worldwide Pants says
CNN  -- Fernando Torres was rewarded for his goal in Spain 's 2-0 friendly win over Bolivia with a place in the 23-man squad for its defense of the World Cup in Brazil . The Chelsea striker got the nod from coach Vicente Del Bosque Saturday despite an indifferent season for his club side Chelsea . Atletico Madrid 's Diego Costa , who is struggling with a hamstring injury and club teammate David Villa are also included as strikers . But there was disappointment for another trio of front men , Manchester City pair Jesus Navas and Alvaro Negredo and Fernando Llorente of Juventus . Midfielder Ander Iturraspe , and defenders Alberto Moreno and Dani Carvajal have also been excluded from the provisional 30 named by Del Bosque . But the spotlight was on Torres -- who has scored just 20 goals in 110 games since his $ 84 million move to Chelsea . His appearance against Bolivia Friday night in Sevilla was his first appearance for the world champions since the Confederation Cup nearly a year ago . The Chelsea striker put in a generally lively performance at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium and after Bayern Munich 's Javi Martinez was pulled down in the penalty area , Torres scored from the spot on 51 minutes . But moments later Torres showed the other side of his game , his lack of confidence in front of goal . Put through by man of the match Andres Iniesta , Torres attempted a chipped finish over the head of Bolivian goalkeeper Romel Quininez , but made a horrible hash of it , sending it high and wide . Torres held his head in his hands , but the miss did not prove significant and Iniesta wrapped up the victory with a stunning goal six minutes from time . In a pointer to his final selection , Del Bosque gave a positive verdict on Torres , who has played in the last two World Cups and scored 37 goals for his country . "  We have a lot of confidence in him and that 's why he is here , " Del Bosque told gathered reporters after the win . "  We are pleased with how he worked tonight , " he added . Spain opens its defense of the World Cup with a tough match against the Netherlands on June 13 , a repeat of the 2010 final in which Iniesta scored the only goal of the game . Meanwhile , England got its preparations for Brazil off to a good start with a comfortable 3-0 win over Peru at Wembley . Daniel Sturridge scored a stunning first half opener for Roy Hodgson 's men == the third goal in his last five starts for England for the Liverpool star . Central defenders Gary Cahill and Phil Jagielka were on target after the break after well-delivered corners troubled the South American visitors . . Bosnia-Herzegovina was also boosted by a 2-1 success against fellow finalists Ivory Coast . Its talisman Edin Dzeko grabbed goals in either half before Didier Drogba pulled one back for the Ivorians in the final minute .	Fernando Torres in Spain World Cup squad Torres scores opener in 2-0 friendly win over Boliva England on top at Wembley against Peru Superb Daniel Sturridge opener in 3-0 win
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- A 69-year-old who was previously convicted of torching a palace has been arrested in connection with a fire that destroyed Namdaemun , South Korea 's oldest wooden structure and a national treasure , authorities said on Tuesday . People on Monday look at the debris of the Namdaemun gate in central Seoul after the fire . Similarities between the Sunday night fire and the 2006 blaze led to the investigation of a man identified only as Mr. Chae , said Kim Young-Su , chief of police of the Namdaemun police station . Chae had served time in prison for the palace fire . Police searched the home of Chae 's ex-wife and found a can of paint thinner and a pair of leather gloves they believe were used in the fire , Kim said . Chae confessed to starting the fire , saying he was upset by a land grievance that led him to start the 2006 fire and by the sentence he was handed in that case , Kim said . Chae was free on a suspended sentence , Kim added . Chae said he chose Namdaemun because it was easily accessible by public transportation and yet situated in a lightly populated area where the fire was unlikely to hurt people , according to police . The fire burned for hours , and more than a hundred firefighters tried to save it . Watch the reaction to the Namdaemun 's destruction " Namdaemun was more than 600 years old and stood at the center of Seoul , having served as a main gate into the capital for centuries . The gate was considered a national symbol to Koreans around the world . E-mail to a friend	NEW : "  Mr. Chae " was convicted of torching a Korean palace in 2006 NEW : Chae has confessed to starting the Namdaemun fire , police chief says NEW : Easy access , lightly populated area dictated Namdaemun choice , police say The more-than-600-year-old Namdaemun was country 's oldest wooden structure
CNN  When photographer Richard Ross wants to talk to a child at a juvenile detention center , he knocks on their cell door . He asks them if he can come inside . The 67-year-old Californian is used to taking off his shoes when he enters homes , so he does the same in a cell . "  Most of the kids , they 've never had that kind of respect , " he said . "  But I give it to them , I give them the power . I sit on the floor so they 're looking down on me . " Ross does n't begin by hammering them with questions . He wants to have a conversation . "  I say , ` What 's gone on in your life ? ' " The result of that tenderness and patience is Ross ' latest collection of photos , "  Girls in Justice . " The images are unflinching . They convey the ugliness of a young person 's life behind bars . The pictures are replete with the unique loneliness , anger and boredom of a juvenile detention center . But the girls also tell their stories alongside the images . One photo shows a girl in a tan jumpsuit , hand on her head , sitting alone in a drab , cavernous room . "  I 've been here 17 times , " one girl says . Many of the stories are bleak , reflecting adults who endangered the girls or , at the very least , failed repeatedly to protect them . "  Mom 's a stripper . Dad was an alcoholic , drug addict , murdered last year , " said one girl explaining her past . "  They took my brother and I away because my dad chained us in the house and tried to burn it down . I lived with my grandma and uncle . The people who are supposed to love you never do . " The photos show girls wasting the day in their bunks , staring at the wall . Some struggle with mental illness . The girls obscure their faces or are turned away from the camera . That works to protect their identities , but it also evokes shame . Ross seems to be saying the shame is n't the girls ' -- it 's ours as a society for jailing children . His images are n't always literal . A photo shot toward an azure sky is framed by concertina wire . A straight-forward photo , of a utility wall holding dozens of scissors , turns the stomach after reading the caption -- the guards need the scissors to cut away any cloth a teenager might use to trying to hang herself . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Ross recalled one particularly agonizing interview with a girl who kept telling him , "  I ca n't wait to get out of here so I can kill myself . " "  She was just a kid , but she was at that place where you have no hope , " he said . "  I feel all these stories , but that one just hit me hard . I was sobbing . You want to say , ` It will get better , ' but you also know the system and you know that you ca n't say that . " Ross , the son of a New York City police officer , had a happy upbringing in a home of modest means . He got into a decent amount of trouble growing up , and he said he could have easily wound up in the justice system . But times were different then , he said , and there 's been a cultural turn in America toward criminalizing a child 's bad behavior . He recalls a detention-center director in Reno , Nevada , who asked him to visit and take photos . At intake , he photographed a fifth-grader who had been taken to jail because he had acted up in class . "  This fifth-grader came up to my belt buckle , " Ross recalled . "  He was drinking warm milk , like someone gave him a cardboard thing of milk . I can still smell that milk . That intake area smelled like elementary school . " The child 's single mother could n't pick him up for hours . She was holding down a job that would n't allow her to leave until after 6 p.m. . The detention-center director sent Ross ' photo to every principal in the area to make a point : Children do not belong in lockup , so find another solution . Ross is adamant that he 's making photographs to bring about "  immediate change . " He speaks across the country to law schools and works closely with child welfare advocates . His work has been shown during legislative sessions to illustrate how sorely the juvenile justice system needs fixing . "  I 'm trying to wake people up , make them realize there are lives at stake , " he said . "  At the same time , I do n't , I ca n't , position myself as the great hope . I might not be able to do much but listen . But I think I 'm a good listener , and I think these kids deserve to tell their stories . " Richard Ross is a photographer based in California . You can follow his Juvenile in Justice project on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .	Photographer Richard Ross shows what life is like for girls in a juvenile detention center He wants to "  wake people up " about the system and bring about "  immediate change "
Reno , Nevada  CNN  -- Over and over Thursday , President Barack Obama told workers at a renewable energy company that he is like them . He remembers pumping gas when high oil prices ate a hole in his budget , he said . He knows he would n't have made it through college without scholarships and loans . And now as president , he promised that he wo n't let the current debate on deficit reduction deny others the chance for the American dream he has lived . "  We ca n't ignore future deficits , but just as ignoring deficits would mortgage our future , failing to invest in our kids and our infrastructure and our basic research and clean energy , that would be mortgaging our future , as well , " he said to applause . "  And I 'm not willing to do it . " It was the third town hall-style meeting in three days for Obama , after an event Tuesday at Northern Virginia Community College and a gathering Wednesday at Facebook headquarters in Palo Alto , California . His trip also has included a series of fundraising events just over two weeks after he announced he will seek re-election in 2012 . Speaking Thursday at ElectraTherm Inc. , a 45-employee company that produces electric power without using fuel or emitting carbon dioxide , Obama advocated federal spending on education , research and infrastructure development such as road and bridge repairs , high-speed rail lines and broadband wireless networks . He appeared to be trying out campaign themes for the 2012 race , repeatedly framing the debate in Washington as a choice between helping working-class families and society 's most vulnerable elements or favoring moneyed interests he labeled as big oil and big banks . Repeating past calls for ending subsidies for oil companies and restoring higher tax rates for the highest-income Americans , Obama defended what he called his balanced approach to deficit reduction and depicted the Republican stance as favoring the well-to-do . "  I 'm rooting for everybody to get rich , " he said . "  But I believe that we ca n't ask everybody to sacrifice and then tell the wealthiest among us , well , you can just relax and go count your money , and do n't worry about it . We 're not going to ask anything of you . " Obama went on to say that he had been "  incredibly blessed by this country , " noting he was raised by a single mother and needed scholarships to get through school . "  We want to make sure this is a country where , if you 're willing to try hard , you can make it , where everybody has a chance at prosperity , " he said . "  That 's my focus . That 's my guiding light . " Obama 's blitz comes as Congress faces two major fiscal issues in coming months : passing a budget for fiscal year 2012 , which begins October 1 , and raising the federal debt ceiling so the government can continue meeting its obligations . While the issues are not necessarily linked , congressional Republicans are demanding significant fiscal reforms , such as a balanced budget amendment and mandatory spending caps , in exchange for their necessary support to raise the debt limit . Republicans will not move forward on a measure to raise the country 's debt ceiling unless "  it is accompanied by serious reforms that immediately reduce federal spending and end the culture of debt in Washington , " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said this week . Obama and Democrats want to separate the debt ceiling and fiscal reform issues to avoid spooking markets and trade partners , arguing that such a vital issue should be free of any possible political drag . While opposing a direct linkage between raising the debt ceiling and fiscal reforms , the White House concedes that simultaneous steps are needed to reduce mounting deficits and the national debt . The U.S. debt is expected to hit the country 's $ 14.3 trillion ceiling next month , though congressional leaders say the Treasury can take steps to put off the deadline until early July . On the broader fiscal reform issues , Obama noted Thursday that both his proposal and the House Republican plan acknowledge the problem posed by expanding deficits and the growing national debt , and that both call for $ 4 trillion in deficit reduction in the next decade or so . The House plan would overhaul Medicare and Medicaid , cut non-military discretionary spending and reform the tax code to lower rates and eliminate loopholes . The goal is leaner government without the unsustainable cost increases currently plaguing Medicare and Medicaid , along with lower tax rates to stimulate economic growth . Obama 's vision , unveiled last week , includes ending the tax cuts for the wealthy , further reforms to Medicare and Medicaid , and cutting military spending . The House Republican plan would leave military spending untouched . Vice President Joe Biden 's office announced Monday that his first meeting with legislators to try to work out a fiscal reform deal will take place May 5 . Obama proposed the talks when he outlined his policy last week , and Republican leaders announced Tuesday that Cantor and Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona will represent them . At the same time , a bipartisan group of senators known as the "  Gang of Six " is nearing consensus on its own comprehensive reform plan based on the report issued last December by a deficit reduction commission appointed by Obama . No details have been made public , but the Bowles-Simpson commission 's report in December included reforms of entitlements including Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid while also calling for revenue increases through tax reform and spending cuts , including in the military budget . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	President Obama holds his third town hall-style event in three days He says the debate on deficits involves what kind of country America will be Obama 's message appears to try out campaign themes for 2012
CNN  -- Former South African leader Nelson Mandela remained in intensive care Monday , two days after he was hospitalized with a recurring lung infection . The increasingly frail Mandela was rushed to a hospital in Pretoria on Saturday . Later in the day , the South African president 's office said the 94-year-old former leader was in a "  serious but stable condition . " He was breathing on his own and his wife was by his side , the office said at the time . After offering no updates for 48 hours , the government said Monday that Mandela 's condition was "  unchanged . " Meanwhile , his daughter Zenani Dlamini , who is the South African ambassador to Argentina , has flown back to South Africa to be with her father . Mandela has been in and out of hospitals in recent years . Each episode has sparked concerns worldwide . South Africa : Following Nelson Mandela ` We will release him ' On Sunday , South Africans offered prayers at church services , and well-wishes poured in for Mandela from across the world . Meanwhile , the front page of South Africa 's Sunday Times read , "  It 's time to let him go . " The paper quoted Mandela 's longtime friend Andrew Mlangeni as saying that the time may have come for South Africans to say goodbye to the beloved icon . "  You have been coming to the hospital too many times . Quite clearly you are not well and there is a possibility you might not be well again , " Mlangeni told the paper . "  Once the family releases him , the people of South Africa will follow . We will say thank you , God , you have given us this man , and we will release him too , " Mlangeni said . History of ailments South Africa 's first black president gets round-the-clock care , and his house is fitted with medical equipment that mirrors that of an intensive care unit . His history of lung problems dates to when he was a political prisoner on Robben Island during apartheid , and he has battled respiratory infections over the years . Last year , he spent Christmas holidays undergoing treatment for a lung infection and gallstones , one of his longest hospital stays since his release from prison in 1990 . Considered the founding father of South Africa 's democracy , Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting against apartheid , the country 's system of racial segregation . "  He has taught us ... that we enhance our own humanity when we serve and make a difference to other people 's lives , " presidential spokesman Mac Maharaj said . "  It 's easy to serve oneself , own interests , but serving the interests of others , making their lives better changes the quality of all humanity . " In 1993 , Mandela and then-South African President F.W. de Klerk jointly won the Nobel Peace Prize . Hero of democracy The iconic leader was elected the nation 's first black president a year later , serving only one term , as he had promised . He has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010 . But despite rare public appearances in recent years , he retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . Last year , South Africa launched a new batch of banknotes with a picture of a smiling Mandela on the front , a testament to his iconic status . Mandela 's impact extends far beyond South African borders . After he left office , he mediated conflicts from Africa to the Middle East .	NEW : Mandela 's daughter Zenani Dlamini has flown in from Argentina to be with him Mandela has been in and out of hospitals in recent years A newspaper quotes Mandela 's friend as saying it 's time to say goodbye He has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010
CNN  -- A pair of pilots flew the world 's first manned commercial spacecraft over California 's Mojave Desert on Sunday , though they were the only ones aboard . The mission was a test flight for Richard Branson 's dream of affordable space travel and put his vision a step closer to reality , he said after watching the spaceship land . "  Now , the sky is no longer the limit , and we will begin the process of pushing beyond to the final frontier of space itself over the next year , " Branson said , according to a statement released by his company , Virgin Galactic , which is behind the project . The spaceship , called the VSS Enterprise , completed a successful free flight from a mothership at 45,000 feet  13,700 meters  to a landing in Mojave , California , Virgin Galactic said . "  This was one of the most exciting days in the whole history of Virgin , " Branson said Sunday , according to the company 's statement . "  I watched the world 's first manned commercial spaceship landing on the runway at Mojave Air and Space Port and it was a great moment . " His company said that the two chief goals of the flight were for the VSS Enterprise to perform a clean release from its mothership and for the pilots to free fly and glide back to its destination in Southern California . Preparations for Sunday 's flight were extensive , Virgin Galactic said . The mothership , named Eve , flew 40 times , including what the company said were four captive carry flights of "  spaceship and mothership mated together . " Virgin Galactic said that other goals for the flight were also met , including the verification that all systems worked before and after clean release from the mothership and evaluation of handling , stalling , and stability . "  Virgin Galactic is now well on the way to becoming the world 's first commercial space line with 370 customer deposits totaling $ 50 million , " the company said in its statement . Boeing : Let us fly you into space Virgin Galactic said that future commercial operations will operate at New Mexico 's Spaceport America , where final preparations are under way for a finished runway inauguration ceremony on October 22 . Eventually , the 60-foot long rocket plane will be taken 60,000 feet above the Earth by its carrier and fire rockets to propel itself into space . The test-flight program is expected to continue through 2011 , going first to a free glide and then to a powered flight before commercial flights begin . Virgin Galactic has said that it envisions one flight a week for its spaceship , with six tourists aboard . Each will pay $ 200,000 for the ride and train for at least three days before going . About 80,000 people have placed their names on the waiting list for seats . "  What we want to be able to do is bring space travel down to a price range where hundreds of thousands of people would be able to experience space , and they never dreamed that -LSB- they -RSB- could , " Branson said last year . Experts : Space tourism set to takeoff He has said he hopes the technology will lead to a new form of Earth travel , jetting people across oceans and continents faster through suborbital routes . Shuttle layoffs leave some workers adrift The spaceship was piloted Sunday by Pete Siebold , assisted by Mike Alsbury as co-pilot , Virgin Galactic said . "  The VSS Enterprise was a real joy to fly " Siebold said Sunday , according to the company 's statement , "  especially when one considers the fact that the vehicle has been designed not only to be a Mach 3.5 spaceship capable of going into space but also one of the worlds highest altitude gliders . "	The mission is a test flight for Richard Branson 's dream of affordable space travel The VSS Enterprise completes a successful free flight from a mothership at 45,000 feet The spaceship lands in the Mojave Desert "  Now , the sky is no longer the limit , " Branson says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A schoolteacher from southern England with no previous filmmaking experience has given amateurism a good name by directing her pupils in a feature film fit for Hollywood . Alice Ralph , 18 , stars in "  Far From the Madding Crowd " as Bathsheba Everdene . It has taken a year of hard work using only one camera , but teachers and pupils at The Gryphon School in Sherborne , Dorset , recently premiered their 110-minute long adaptation of English novelist Thomas Hardy 's seminal 1874 work "  Far From the Madding Crowd . " "  When I watched it for the first time , it was actually quite an emotional experience , " director/producer and Head of Drama Rosita Clarke told CNN . "  It 's a kind of relief to see the efforts of what you 've worked on and achieved an absolute reality . " Clarke is the driving force behind the project and says many people did n't believe she would be able to pull off a feature film when she first came up with the idea . "  Miss Clarke pitched the idea , and said she was going to make a feature film and we all thought she was joking , " said 18-year-old Ben Jones , a Gryphon student , who plays Sergeant Troy in the film . "  But we all kind of went along with it and it 's turned into this . " Clarke was inspired to make the feature after she directed a play with some film footage in it the previous year . "  I thought to myself , ` I 'm going to make a film , ' " she said . After getting permission from the school , Clarke sat down with Hardy 's book during the school summer holidays and over two weeks wrote a screenplay . In August 2008 , Gryphon 's Hardy feature went into production . "  Far From the Madding Crowd " unfolds against the backdrop of rural 19th Century England and tells the story of beautiful Bathsheba Everdene who inherits a farm from her uncle and finds herself loved by three men . The feature was filmed over weekends , holidays and snatched evenings after school . It is full of exquisite costumes , gorgeous Dorset vistas and faultless acting from students aged between 16 and 18-years old . Despite the demands of the shooting schedule , the students say they were able to fit in their schoolwork around it . "  As far as the study goes , it 's been ok , " said Jones . Watch CNN The Screening Room 's Myleene Klass report on the Gryphon School 's London premiere The pupils involved say it did n't undermine their studies , and in some cases helped it by giving them an invaluable experience in an industry they would like to work in in the future . "  Some of us want to get into the profession and this experience has been really valuable , " said Jack Buckley , 18 , who plays shepherd Gabriel Oak . "  We have n't done any film acting before and it 's very different to stage acting so we 've learn a lot about that . " But the experience has not been without challenges : Using just one camera Clarke and her team had to film a fire in a 19th Century hayrick -LSB- haystack -RSB- , work with livestock including sheep and shoot large crowd scenes . In total 130 pupils worked on the film in roles from hair and make-up to walk-on parts . Alice Ralph , 18 , who stars as Bathsheba , says acting for the camera was one aspect that took some getting used to . "  At first I found it really hard to get used to the camera . I found it really awkward , " she said . "  I remember the first shoot . I could n't even say my lines . " Emotional scenes shot up-close requiring convincing tears and restrained acting also proved a challenge for the students who are used to acting on stage . "  The emotional scenes were actually really difficult , " said Ralph . "  I found them quite hard to get , with the crying and things but with Mrs Clarke 's help she put me in a situation and I 'd use emotional memory and I 'd get there in the end . " Clarke had no experience of filmmaking when she started up and used the Internet and books to learn about lighting and camera angles . She also picked up some tips on camera work from her 21-year-old son , Sunny , a broadcast production student . Sunny also edited the film and Clarke says he had the editor 's final word and helped her to keep the film slick . "  I wanted as many students as possible to have a little showing , and he 's looking at it from a professional level of final finish . " The film cost a little over $ 11,000  # 7,000  to make , much of which Clarke raised from banks and supermarkets in the local community . "  We have n't had money and we could n't get the sound right all the time and it got dark too quickly because we were trying to get it all done and it 's just been so pressurized , " says Clarke . Nevertheless , she was always convinced she would successfully complete the film -- "  It was n't ever not going to happen . " For Clarke the best bit of the film is "  the success for the students . What they 're feeling . What they must be feeling . That just blows me away . "  That 's what makes me proud and if I 've helped them on their way . "	The school in southern England made a feature-length film starring pupils 130 pupils spent a year filming Hardy 's "  Far From the Madding Crowd " Film cost $ 11,000 and includes a fire scene , animal-wrangling and crowd scenes Some pupils involved hope to go on to work in film industry
Who is Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi ? Who is Saja al-Dulaimi , a woman who 's been tied to the ISIS leader ? And what would she be doing in Lebanon , now purportedly in custody of authorities there ? Those are some of the many questions about reports of the arrest of a woman that regional sources describe as al-Baghdadi 's wife , al-Dulaimi , but who Iraq 's Interior Ministry said Wednesday is anything but . What makes the situation even murkier is how little is known about al-Baghdadi . Yes , he heads the self-declared Islamic State , leading a group that has used brutal tactics -- think beheading innocents , kidnapping civilians , raping women -- to overtake vast swaths of Syria and Iraq . Yes , he fashions himself as a spiritual authority as he spearheads efforts to spread his group 's extreme form of Sharia law to any territory it touches , and to punish nonbelievers along the way . But al-Baghdadi the man is a mystery . And so is his family , his wife or wives included . Which brings us back to the woman being held by Lebanese authorities . Is she not his wife , as the Iraqi ministry suggests , or perhaps an ex-wife , as American sources in Washington say ? Or is she a "  powerful figure  who is  heavily involved in ISIS , " as a source with knowledge of her arrest told CNN ? And if it 's the latter , what role did she play in the terrorist group ? And what was she doing in Lebanon , a country on the fringes of Syria 's years-long civil war ? She 's his wife , or his ex-wife , or neither The reported detention of a wife and child of al-Baghdadi has made many wonder who exactly the woman is and what she might know about the terrorist group 's inner workings . Authorities in Lebanon , where the woman was arrested , have n't officially commented on the matter . Neither has the CIA , amid suggestions that Western intelligence was involved in her capture . But the Iraqi Interior Ministry , citing a source in an intelligence cell under its authority , said the woman 's identity did n't match up with either of the names it has for al-Baghdadi 's two wives , Asma Fawzi Mohammed al-Dulaimi and Israa Rajab Mahal Al-Qaisi . "  There is no wife named Saja al-Dulaimi , " the ministry stated bluntly , saying al-Dulaimi is the sister of a man who is imprisoned in Iraq and has been sentenced to death for a series of bombings . It does n't help that Baghdadi 's family life is cloaked in mystery . A biography posted on jihadist websites last year gave little away , stating simply that he was "  married . " CNN was told that al-Baghdadi has two wives . The news agency Reuters , citing tribal sources in Iraq , said he has three . And ISIS certainly is n't confirming anything . Some of its members took to social media Tuesday to deny that any wife of al-Baghdadi had been arrested . She wielded power , but how much ? If the woman is indeed Al-Dulaimi , she is "  very active " in the organization , a regional source with knowledge of the operation told CNN . She was reported to have previously been held by the Syrian regime of President Bashar al-Assad . In March , al-Dulaimi was released from Syrian custody as part of a group of 150 women who were freed in return for a group of Syrian nuns , an intelligence source told CNN . But her apparent attempt to cross into Lebanon with a child at a time when authorities there are tightening security around the border raises questions about the state of her relationship with al-Baghdadi . "  Is he estranged from them ? Has he fallen out with them ? Were they escaping from him ? " asked Sajjan M. Gohel , the international security director at the Asia Pacific Foundation . Uncertainty also remains about how much influence al-Dulaimi would have had within ISIS , which is known for its oppressive treatment of women . Analysts say women who join ISIS may find their role limited to that of housewife for jihadi men . But in February , ISIS formed Al-Khansaa , a female battalion with about 60 members whose job is to inspect women who pass through checkpoints and to enforce the organization 's strict morality code for women . She could reveal vital intelligence , or hardly anything The arrest of al-Dulaimi , if it was her , was a coordinated operation involving intelligence agencies from Iraq , Syria and Lebanon , an intelligence source familiar with the arrest told CNN . The source said the Iraqis had help from the U.S. intelligence community , an account corroborated by a second source in the region with knowledge of the operation . But in Washington , the CIA had no comment on the matter . Rep. Adam Schiff , a California Democrat , expressed confidence that the United States would be able to "  gain some intelligence " from al-Dulaimi . "  We may get insights into al-Baghdadi 's movement , who he surrounds himself with , whether he was injured , and the degree of his injuries , " he said , referring to recent reports that al-Baghdadi was hurt in airstrikes . Not everyone was convinced she would provide a treasure trove of insight into ISIS , though . Expressing skepticism , a former senior U.S. military official told The New York Times that in the Iraq war , the Americans captured a wife of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , the leader or al Qaeda in Iraq , ISIS ' forerunner . "  We got little out of her , and when we sent her back , Zarqawi killed her , " the unidentified official told the newspaper . And since al-Dulaimi was reportedly seized more than a week ago , what intelligence she carried may already have passed its sell-by date . "  In military conflicts , information flows are very immediate , and they become yesterday 's news very quickly , " said Michael Stephens , a Middle East research fellow at the Royal United Services Institute in London . She was with a son , or a daughter The identity of the child with al-Dulaimi is still the subject of conflicting reports . An intelligence source told CNN that the child was al-Dulaimi 's 4-year-old son . Other news organizations , including Agence France-Presse and The Associated Press , also reported that it was a young boy . But Reuters , which originally reported the same thing , later revised its reporting to say that she was with a daughter . The New York Times also said it was a daughter rather than a son . Deepening the intrigue , one regional source even told CNN that al-Baghdadi himself has been calling up , asking for his son to be released . The full picture of who exactly Lebanese authorities have in their custody is still to be revealed .	There are conflicting reports on many details about the woman detained in Lebanon Some intelligence officials have said she 's the ISIS leaders ' wife , others say an ex-wife A source tells CNN she was with a son , but other reports suggest it was a daughter
CNN  -- The outpatient clinic where comedian Joan Rivers suffered cardiac arrest during a procedure last week is being investigated , a health official said Thursday . Rivers was on life support and died at a New York hospital Thursday afternoon , a week after suffering cardiac arrest during a medical procedure , her daughter said . "  She passed peacefully at 1:17 p.m. surrounded by family and close friends , " Melissa Rivers said in a statement . Rivers was taken to the hospital after she stopped breathing at the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic last Thursday . In addition , the New York medical examiner office "  will be investigating the death of Joan Rivers , " spokeswoman Julie Bolcer told CNN . The New York State Department of Health is "  investigating the matter , " spokesman James O'Hara told CNN . The length of the investigation will depend on how complicated the case becomes , O'Hara said . Rivers , 81 , was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clinic when she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest , according to the New York Fire Department . Paramedics took her by ambulance to Mount Sinai Hospital , about a mile from the clinic , where she was listed in critical condition . Daughter Melissa Rivers confirmed Tuesday that her mother was on life support . She revealed Wednesday that Rivers had been moved from the intensive care unit to a private room , "  where she is being kept comfortable . " A Rivers statement on Sunday said that the family was "  keeping our fingers crossed . " The clinic has not responded to repeated calls from CNN about the state 's investigation . Yorkville Endoscopy 's website says it is an "  ambulatory surgical center " that has been "  approved by the Department of Health . " The description of its accreditations is blank . "  Yorkville Endoscopy is a state of the art facility , staffed by highly experienced endoscopists whose mission is to provide safe and compassionate care to patients and their families , " the website says . CNN 's Joan Yeam and Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	The New York State Department of Health is investigating the clinic , its spokesman says Joan Rivers stopped breathing at the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic last week Rivers died Thursday afternoon at a Manhattan hospital The clinic has not responded to CNN requests for comment
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan 's Ministry of Health , Labor and Welfare is investigating a report that workers at the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant were told to use lead covers in order to hide unsafe radiation levels , an official said . The alleged incident happened December 1 , nine months after a major earthquake and tsunami ravaged northern Japan and damaged the plant . "  We 'll firmly deal with the matter once the practice is confirmed to constitute a violation of any law , " said the ministry official , who could not be named in line with policy . An official with the plant 's operator , TEPCO , said the company received a report of the alleged incident Thursday from subcontractor Tokyo Energy & Systems . The report said a second subcontractor , Build-Up , created the lead covers and ordered workers to use them over their dosimeters , pocket-size devices used to detect high radiation levels . The TEPCO official could also not be named in line with policy . Tokyo Energy & Systems said in its report that the workers never used the covers , the TEPCO official said . Japan 's Asahi Shimbun newspaper , however , reported Saturday that while some workers refused the orders to use the lead covers , nine others did use them for several hours . The newspaper 's report cited plant workers , who described the lead covers as fitting snugly over the dosimeters inside the breast pockets of the workers ' protection suits . TEPCO told CNN it ordered Tokyo Energy & Systems Inc. to conduct an investigation and is awaiting a reply . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	The incident allegedly happened at the damaged Fukushima Daiichi plant The government and plant operator investigating the report Report : Workers were told to covers devices used to detect radiation levels
CNN  -- Sarah Murnaghan , the Philadelphia girl who underwent a lung transplant this month after a court battle , struggled after a breathing tube was removed Wednesday , so doctors "  sedated and re-intubated " the girl , her mother said through a family representative . "  It 's been an excruciating day . We extubated Sarah and her body could not handle the reduced support , " Janet Ruddock Murnaghan said in a statement issued by a representative . "  It was impossibly painful watching her struggle to breath and panic . "  I have cried quite a bit , I just wish everything was n't so ridiculously hard for her , " the mother said . Doctors have assured the family "  that this does not change her long-term outcome but just means she needs more time to regain her strength , " the mother said . "  One day Sarah will take that first glorious breath and we will celebrate ! " The 10-year-old girl remains on a ventilator and has been unable to talk , but she can nod and shake her head in response to questions , said Tracy Simon , a family spokeswoman , this week . Before her transplant surgery , Sarah , who suffers from cystic fibrosis , was put in a medically induced coma to allow her body to rest . Her family fought to allow children to compete with adults waiting for lungs based on sickness in a case that has sparked a public debate . She received new lungs on June 12 after a six-hour surgery that included resizing lungs from an adult . The parents ' push for an organ transplant policy change has thrust the issue of who gets donated organs into the national spotlight . This month , the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network 's executive committee approved a one-year change that makes children younger than 12 eligible for priority on adult lung transplant lists . The girl has been in and out of hospitals her entire life , but her condition worsened this year . Her lungs had been deteriorating rapidly over the past few months -- much faster than anyone in her family expected . In May , doctors told her mother that Sarah had less than five weeks to live .	Sarah Murnaghan , 10 , panics and struggles without breathing tube "  Her body could not handle the reduced support , " her mother says Sedating and re-intubating her "  does not change her long-term outcome " The girl has been on a ventilator and unable to talk
Tehran  CNN  -- Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will challenge the disqualification of his top aide from next month 's presidential election , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported Wednesday . Only eight candidates have been approved to run for office from more than 680 candidates who had registered for the June 14 election . Read more : Ahmadinejad shows no signs of going quietly Along with Ahmadinejad 's aide , Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , the name of former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani was also notably absent from the list of approved nominees , as was that of former Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki . The vetting process was carried out by Iran 's Guardian Council , the country 's most influential clerical body , which operates under the watchful eyes of Supreme Leader Seyed Ali Khamenei . Iran in 2013 : Three possible crises Ahmadinejad appealed for his supporters to be patient Wednesday , saying on his website that he would seek help from Khamenei . Ahmedinejad said "  the rights of the oppressed will not be trampled on in a country where there exists a supreme religious leader , " referring to Khamenei , and insisted that he expected the issue to "  be resolved . " Ahmadinejad , who is term-limited and so can not run for a third consecutive term , has been grooming Mashaei to take over for years . The head of Rafsanjani 's election campaign office said the former president will not object to the Guardian Council 's decision , Press TV reported . The eight approved nominees , whose names were released by Iran 's Interior Ministry late Tuesday , are : -- Gholam-Ali Haddad-Adel , a former Parliament speaker whose daughter is married to Khamenei 's son ; -- Saeed Jalili , Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator , who also represents Iran in talks with the European Union ; -- Mohsen Rezaei , currently a member of the Expediency Council and formerly the country 's top commander during the war with Iraq ; -- Hassan Rouhani , currently head of the Center for Strategic Studies and Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator under former President Mohammad Khatami . -- Mohammad Reza Aref , an education minister in the Khatami presidency who could be characterized as independent ; -- Mohammad Ghalibaf , a member of the Revolution Guard 's Corp and currently the mayor of Tehran ; -- Mohammad Gharazi , a minister during Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani 's presidency ; -- Ali Akbar Velayati , twice foreign minister during the Rafsanjani presidency and currently the supreme leader 's top adviser . Among the approved nominees , only Gharazi , Aref and Rouhani are not known to be devout followers of Khamenei . The run-up to the elections has been characterized by factionalism and political infighting , observers say . Four years ago , Ahmadinejad 's reelection sparked mass protests amid claims of electoral fraud . His chief rival , reformist Mir Hossein Moussavi , became a leader of the opposition Green Movement along with Mehdi Karrubi . The two subsequently were placed under house arrest , where they remain . Amanpour : Is Iran 's next president the face of its nuclear program ? Rafsanjani 's last-minute registration on Saturday had the potential to change the face of the election . Rafsanjani , who served two terms as president from 1989 to 1997 , has long been a staunch critic and bitter political rival of Ahmadinejad . Weeks after the 2009 elections , Rafsanjani condemned the regime 's violent crackdown against the opposition movement and spoke out for the people 's right to peacefully protest . He later toned down the attacks and made statements of apparent support of the regime and Khamenei . He is widely believed to be one of the wealthiest and most politically powerful men in Iran . A government news website cited the Interior Ministry 's elections chief , Seyed Solat Mortazavi , as saying official campaigning would begin on Friday and last for 20 days , ending June 12 . Voters also will elect members of city and rural Islamic councils on June 14 . Iran 's semiofficial Fars news agency said the eight presidential candidates would collectively have 539 hours of free TV and radio time to outline their plans . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Reza Sayah , Tara Kangarloo and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Official campaigning by the 8 approved presidential candidates will start on Friday President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says he will contest the disqualification of his top aide Former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani is also among those disqualified Iran 's Guardian Council decides who can stand in the elections on June 14
Parenting.com  -- For Texas-based mom Tamara * , the journey to motherhood was anything but easy . In 2003 , after developing severe preeclampsia and HELLP syndrome  a life-threatening complication of preeclampsia  , doctors had to deliver her daughter via emergency cesarean section at just 25 weeks into her pregnancy . She was born a micro-preemie , weighing a mere 1 pound , 4 ounces ; Tamara was advised never to pursue another pregnancy , as she was given a 60 percent chance of developing the same complications . For the first two years of her life , Tamara kept her daughter at home much of the time , due to a host of medical problems and issues with her feeding and growth . It was only as of her daughter 's second birthday that Tamara finally started to venture out to meet other moms and give her daughter a chance to meet other kids . Parenting.com : Husband creates food art for pregnant wife on bedrest It was at that point , in 2005 , that Tamara and her daughter met another mom , Logan , at their local public library during story time . Logan was there with her 2-year-old as well as a younger baby . The two women started to form a friendship . "  We all just became very , very close , " says Tamara . "  It was a really special kind of relationship -- and it happened kind of randomly at the time . " As time went on and Tamara 's daughter became healthier , she and her husband , Brent , longed for another child , but they knew that they could n't risk a second pregnancy . After just a year into their friendship and hearing her friend talk about wanting to become a mother again , Logan made an offer that would ultimately change their friendship -- and both of their lives -- forever . She said , "  I 'm good at pregnancy ; I carry to full-term and have healthy kids . I would love to be a surrogate for you . " Although Tamara knew it was a genuine offer , she did n't know that she would ultimately take Logan up on it . Parenting.com : Milk sharing : "  I 'm nursing another mom 's baby " A few years passed and the families continued to grow closer ; their kids became best friends , and Brent and Logan 's husband , Nathan , became friends . Tamara eventually approached Logan to ask if she was still serious about her offer . "  I asked her if she had meant what she said . The thing I was most concerned about at the time was how her husband would feel about it . Logan 's a special , giving person that genuinely wants to help people , and we had become best friends . I asked her about how Nathan felt many , many , many times -- I did n't want to create any problems in their marriage and I would n't have pursued it if I thought it would cause any problems for them , " said Tamara . But Nathan was supportive of pursuing surrogacy , asking , "  How often in life do you get to do something so big and so profound for someone else ? " Parenting.com : What labor 's really like When it seemed that both couples were onboard with the plan , Tamara , Brent , and Logan went to see a reproductive endocrinologist in January 2010 . After months of fertility drugs for both women , they attempted their first embryo transfer  using Tamara 's eggs and Brent 's sperm  . Although that initial attempt failed , their second transfer in late November of that year was a success . "  Our bun , her oven , " says Tamara , with a laugh . Watching Logan go through a pregnancy with Tamara and Brent 's baby inside of her felt , "  Weird . Different , " says Tamara . "  Particularly for me because not only had I somewhat experienced pregnancy , but mine had been cut really short . In many ways , I was so excited and happy and joyful that we were expecting a child -- but on the flip side , I did sometimes feel a pang of -- not regret -- but just wishing that it could be me . I felt a little bit cheated out of the pregnancy experience . I know that some people may not understand that -- and I really am thankful , but I 've also come to realize that it 's normal to have these feelings . " Parenting.com : 16 early signs of pregnancy By the time of the surrogacy , Logan had had a third child of her own , this time delivering at home , after two hospital births . Her homebirth experience had been so profound that it was actually a stipulation for her to do the surrogacy in the first place . Explains Tamara , "  As you can imagine for my husband and me , getting on board with a homebirth was difficult because we had really needed the medical support of a hospital . But once I became educated about homebirth and the more the pregnancy progressed , the more we relaxed . We trusted Logan and Nathan , and that they knew what they were doing . I felt strongly that it was going to be OK . " The families used the same midwives that had attended Logan 's previous homebirth , Gentle Beginnings Birth Center . Says Tamara , "  They treated Logan and me as if we were both the clients . " Logan 's labor was long and hard . She suffered through two days of labor , including painful prodromal labor . Of seeing her friend in labor , says Tamara , "  It was just surreal ... She got to a certain point , and then it just stopped progressing . Brent and I tried not to worry too much , but at some point the midwives decided to send us home , as they thought that our presence might be creating some anxiety for Logan . " Although the families had planned for a different scenario  Logan and Tamara took a doula class together so that Tamara could serve as Logan 's doula  , Nathan ended up serving as Logan 's primary support during the long labor . Tamara and Brent remained in contact with the midwives throughout , though , and were called back to Logan and Nathan 's home once Logan was dilated to 8 centimeters . "  At that point , things progressed really quickly -- within an hour we had a baby , " says Tamara . Parenting.com : Strange-but-true pregnancy and labor tales During labor , "  I was in complete awe and was so proud of her . She was so strong -- because she 's someone who was going through a lot of physical pain for someone else . I was really in awe of her strength -- and of birth itself . I remember I had my hand on Logan 's knee , helping her to keep her legs apart , when I saw the baby start to crown . I had known there was a baby in there , but to actually see the baby coming out -- well , all that emotion on my face in the pictures is real , " says Tamara . "  The labor was a bonding experience for all of us . It 's one thing to go through the pregnancy , but this experience of coming together -- four people got together and we brought a child into this world . Everyone had to agree and be supportive of one another , and here she is . " The surrogacy has only brought the two best friends even closer . Although Tamara is breastfeeding after re-lactating  with the help of supplements and a breast pump starting months before the birth  , Logan is also pumping for baby Josie because Tamara does n't have a full supply of milk . Parenting.com : Top baby names of 2011 "  We see each other every day for a nursing session -- we 're sort of co-nursing -- she helps the baby with her latch so that Josie wants to continue to breastfeed from me . That 's one of the things that Logan treasures the most , I think , is that she 's still in contact with the baby . She and my daughter have a special bond , and I like that . I really , really do . " * We 've used first names only to protect the families ' privacy . See the full gallery of photos from the homebirth at here Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Two friends , one shared pregnancy after one made the incredible offer to serve as a surrogate for the other Tamara was advised never to pursue another pregnancy after giving birth to a micro-preemie The labor was a bonding experience , four people got together and brought a child into this world
CNN  -- Violent attacks , the chanting of Adolf Hitler 's name and anti-Semitic abuse -- not dark memories of the 1930s but four days in the life of English Premier Leage club Tottenham Hotspur . It has been an annus horribilis in football 's fight against discrimination with Chelsea and Liverpool notably dragged through the mud , but Sunday 's game against West Ham at Spurs ' White Hart Lane stadium -- as fans made Nazi salutes -- gave the impression English football had reached a new low . As well as the salutes , there were also accusations of anti-Semitic abuse , including hissing to mimic the sound of gas chambers , a reminder of the deaths of six million Jews during the Holocaust . White Hart Lane is situated in north London , which is home to a large Jewish community , an association that has led some of Tottenham 's fans identifying themselves as "  Yids " , a term which at different times throughout history has been used by Jews and also to abuse them . Some Spurs supporters have attempted to "  reclaim " the word , using terms like "  Yiddo " and calling themselves the "  Yid Army " . However , critics argue the word 's use by Tottenham fans creates an opportunity for a dangerous undercurrent of anti-Semitism in European soccer to be exploited . Just days before Sunday 's game , Lazio fans had chanted "  Juden Tottenham " in a Europa League match against Spurs in Rome . "  There is a hardcore of racist and anti-Semitic fans in British football who really do n't seem to have any regard for common sense or decency , " Peter Herbert , the chairman of the association of black lawyers , a group which has threatened to take legal against Spurs fans who continue to use the term "  Yid " , told CNN . "  Despite the fact there are people in hospital having been abused on Wednesday night in Rome , they seem to add to that distress with these comments . We 're in discussions with London 's Metropolitan Police . "  I understand the FA have already reported it , which they should do with such incidents , " added Herbert . "  There has to be zero tolerance -- if these people can be identified they should be prosecuted and banned from football . " "  As bad as the Holocaust " That has already happened to one West Ham fan . "  Tottenham Hotspur have confirmed that five supporters were arrested during Sunday 's match at White Hart Lane outside of the stadium for unrelated incidents and two more were cautioned for racially aggravated gesturing inside the ground. , " said a West Ham statement . "  One of those fans has since been identified as a season ticket holder and has been sent a letter containing a banning order from the club . Any other individuals identified can expect a similar swift and robust response . " Given what had happened on Thursday in Rome , third-tier Scunthorpe United manager Brian Laws will probably wished he had chosen his words more carefully in describing his team 's performance on Saturday "  as bad as the Holocaust " . "  Anti-Semitism has no place in football or society in general , " said the Board of Deputies of British Jews , which works to promote and defend the religious and civil liberties of British Jewry . "  For football fans to use Holocaust imagery and chants glorifying Adolf Hitler is grossly offensive to the Jewish community and is a stain upon the character of British football . " Herbert , who reported the racism allegations recently made by Chelsea against Mark Clattenburg to the police before the investigation was dropped and the referee was later cleared by the FA , suggests the use of the term "  Yid " encourages an extreme reaction from a vocal minority . "  What you have to understand is that if only one person is offended it 's one too many. , " said Herbert . "  All these chants , intentional or unintentional , have to stop . If this happened in athletics or rugby it would n't be tolerated , why should it be tolerated in football ? " "  We 'll sing what we want " But not all Spurs fans want to see the back of the word "  Yid " and recent matches have seen the team 's followers chant "  We 'll sing what we want " in direct response to Herbert 's threat . "  I 've never had any problem using it , " said Spurs supporter Richard Arrowsmith , who is not Jewish . "  It 's a word Spurs fans regularly shout to each other . If I 'm wearing a Spurs shirt in the street , it 's quite common for another passing Spurs fan to shout ' Yiddo ' . "  I was probably about seven or eight and it was the first Spurs game I went to . We used to have a drummer at White Hart Lane and the song used to go ` boom , boom , boon , boom-boom-boom , Yids ! ' "  I looked around and saw pretty much every Spurs fans clapping along and joining in with it ... It 's something we 've really made our own , it 's a collective term for our fans now . It 's an accepted word for Spurs fans in the modern age . " Arrowsmith rejected the idea that Spurs fans ' use of the term encourages anti-Semitism , saying that particular argument removes any responsibility from the abusers . "  It 's a pretty weak argument , " he said . "  It 's been compared to another argument which suggests if girls wear short skirts they 're inviting bad things to happen to them . "  No Spurs fan goes to the game thinking ` if I chant the word Yid I 'm going to incite some racial hatred ' . No one goes to the game thinking they are going to get some racial abuse . " But British comedian and author David Baddiel disagrees . "  The idea that Spurs fans are reclaiming the Y-word and are entitled to because so many of them are Jewish is simply not true , " said Baddiel , who is Jewish and a Chelsea fan , recently writing in the Daily Mail . "  There are only 250,000 Jews in Britain as a whole and I 'd say about three or four per cent of Tottenham 's crowd is Jewish . "  That means well over 90 % of those chanting ` Yid Army ' are not actually Jewish and that is just one of several reasons why it can not be right . " Poisonous atmosphere As the FA investigate what happened on Sunday , academic Clifford Stott called for England 's governing body to deliver a reasoned response . "  The authorities need to respond by empowering the majority of those fans who are n't abusing other supporters , "  said Stott , who has advised governments and police forces internationally on crowd management policy and practice . "  If the lessons of the past are anything to go by , solutions reside in working with fans ' grassroots organizations to respond constructively to any criminal action that occurred . The key message is that an indiscriminate response is counterproductive . "  Do n't forget there is already sufficient legislation to deal with anti-Semitic or racist chanting at football grounds "  Where this has happened then clearly it must be condemned and if the evidence exists for criminal sanctions to follow . "  But a knee-jerk response can escalate the problem and it is important to keep what happened in perspective . " Without attempting to excuse the actions of West Ham 's fans , Stott explained how a unique set of circumstances had combined to create Sunday 's poisonous atmosphere . "  Those chants -- inexcusable as they are -- followed the news about what happened in Rome and what the Society of Black Lawyers has been saying about the illegitimacy of Spurs fans ' expression of their identity . "  In 12 months I doubt if and when this fixture is played again that those chants would be repeated . " Meanwhile , Herbert wants football 's European governing body UEFA to use its regulations to empower referees in future to prevent a repeat of the abusive incidents that recently occurred in Serbia involving England 's Under-21 team as well as Rome and north London . "  We 'd like to see a proactive stance on this , a vigorous approach , prosecute where possible , ban people from grounds and if incidents like that do happen , call a halt to the game . "  There is a UEFA rule which is never used where a referee can call off the game . That 's the sort of initiative which has to happen . "  Do you want to watch a football game or do you want to listen to this abuse ? "	Anti-semitic abuse marred Tottenham 's 3-1 win against West Ham on Sunday On Monday , West Ham banned one season ticket holder for life Tottenham have a history of Jewish support , many fans referring to themselves as "  Yids " Critics want the term "  Yid " banned from the club , with legal action threatened
CNN  -- Peace . Love . And Snarknado 2 . What does it say when Americans unite , not once , but twice in a lifetime for a TV show ? And not just a TV show , but one where a twister filled with man-eating sharks menaces a major metropolitan area . We could n't afford a psychologist so we 'll just have to look at social media . Last summer , "  Sharknado " churned up a storm of laughs , 5.3 million viewers and enough clever tweets to choke a ... shark . It was the same story Wednesday night for the debut of "  Sharknado 2 : The Second One " on Syfy . The Twitterverse exploded . #Sharknado2TheSecondOne was the top-trending hashtag on Twitter well into the overnight hours and social search website Topsy recorded more than 215,000 tweets with #sharknado2 over the past day . But what inspires such passion , such creativity ? Is it the rubber sharks flying through Midtown Manhattan , the implausible storyline , the Al Roker cameo ? Yes . Yes . And yes . With this amount of chum in the water , there was bound to be a feeding frenzy , right ? And there 's more to come . Syfy has already signed on for a third "  Sharknado " movie . Screenwriter Thunder Levin predicts now that New York has gone down , there might be a "  global Sharkapocalypse . " Heaven forbid . Sequel suggestions are already making the rounds . With all this creativity floating around , some were offering Syfy suggestions for new shows at #NewSyFyOriginals . This one has promise . And you know you 've got a good thing going when the National Weather Service and the Weather Channel are joining in on the fun . . Syfy announces ` Sharknado Week ' around ` Sharknado 2 ' premiere CNN 's Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	Social media explodes for "  Sharknado 2 " It debuted Wednesday on Syfy Sharks invade the Big Apple for the sequel to last summer 's pop culture phenomenon Screenwriter predicts there might be a "  global Sharkapocalypse " in third outing
Two adjacent buildings collapsed Wednesday night in the historic center of Rio de Janeiro , injuring at least four people , Mayor Eduardo Paes told reporters . It was not immediately clear what caused the collapses -- one a 20-story building and the other 10 stories -- nor was the extent of the casualties clear . Paes did not rule out the possibility of a gas leak , but other hypotheses included the possibility of structural failures in the buildings , which were located behind the Municipal Theater . Fire officials said at least four people were injured , according to a post on the city government 's Twitter account . CNN affiliate Band News reported 11 people were missing in the collapses , which occurred before 9 p.m. "  I started to hear a crackling . I thought they were gunshots . When I looked up , I saw the top floors falling , " maintenance worker Julio Cesar de Oliveira Brandao told CNN affiliate TV Record . A fire broke out after the blast , Agencia Brasil said . Police and fire officials were isolating the area and searching for victims , the news agency reported . Cars parked on the street near the buildings were covered in dust , and there was a strong smell of gas in the area , fire officials said , according to the news agency . The lobby of one of the buildings contained a bank branch and a bakery , Agencia Brasil said . Witnesses told Band News that neighboring buildings swayed , as if there had been an earthquake . One witness said many people were inside one of the buildings when it collapsed . The buildings are in a bustling commercial and financial area of Rio de Janeiro . Electrical engineer Jorge Drauss told TV Record he was drinking juice at a nearby diner when he saw small stones falling from the top of one of the buildings . "  I thought it was someone making a hole for air conditioning , " he said . "  From one moment to another , the building began to fall . "	Fire officials say at least 4 are injured ; CNN affiliate says 11 are missing Witnesses say buildings in the area swayed "  When I looked up , I saw the top floors falling , " a witness says Agencia Brasil : Police are isolating the area , searching for victims
Eli -- a sweet , active , blonde-haired preschooler -- had gone to sleep feeling fine , perhaps dreaming of playing with his sisters or having a fun day at school . He did n't make it through the night . While the young boy died sometime between the night of Wednesday , September 24 , and the following morning , it was n't until Friday night that authorities figured out why : enterovirus D68 , a particularly pernicious strain of an otherwise common virus that has been particularly widespread this year . While it 's been detected in at least four people who died , Eli 's case is the first in which authorities have definitively cited enterovirus D68 as the cause of death . Jeff Plunkett , the health officer in Eli 's hometown of Hamilton Township , New Jersey , explained Saturday that , while the boy was born premature , "  he had no other existing condition " and his parents no reason to believe he was direly ill before the virus took his life . Eli was 4 . "  He was asymptomatic and fine , and the next morning he had passed , " Plunkett told reporters . "  So the onset was very rapid , very sudden . And that 's clearly the big difference  between enterovirus D68 and other enterovirus strains  . " Authorities are testing one other child who attended preschool at Eli 's school , Yardville Elementary , albeit in a different class , for enterovirus D68 . That boy has been treated at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital and is now recovering at home , according to Plunkett . There are no other suspected cases in the town of 90,000 residents . Nor is there any sign of pervasive sickness at Yardville Elementary or other town schools , with attendance levels around normal . This speaks to the deadliness , the randomness and , in a sense , the pervasiveness of enterovirus D68 . Hamilton Township Mayor Kelly Yaede pointed out that his parents "  nor anyone will ever be able to determine where Eli may have contracted this virus . " "  The virus is out in the community , there is nothing we can do about that , " the health officer said . "  The way to prevent it is from your own personal hygiene and be vigilant with your own children and yourself . " Officials did not disclose Eli 's last name during a Saturday press briefing . More enterovirus cases are likely Just last week , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention or state public health laboratories had confirmed 277 cases of enterovirus D68 . That figure has skyrocketed in recent days , to 538 confirmed cases in 43 states and the District of Columbia as of Friday . And there 's no reason to think it wo n't get even worse . As the CDC points out , "  Enteroviruses commonly circulate in summer and fall . We 're currently in middle of the enterovirus season . " Not including Eli 's cases , tests showed enterovirus D68 in four people who had died . The CDC , though , reported then that "  the role that EV-D68 infection played in these deaths is unclear at this time . " Mercer County 's medical examiner , Dr. Raafat Ahmad , was unequivocal about it 's part in Eli 's death . "  The child had some brain swelling , it had some lymph node swelling , " Plunkett said . "  But Ahmad attributed that to the virus as the cause of death . " Enterovirus is very common , with the CDC estimating 10 million to 15 million infections each year in the United States . But it has about 100 strains , with D68 among the most dangerous . Authorities say this strain has sent more children than usual to the hospital with severe respiratory illnesses . It seems to be most affecting children with a history of asthma or breathing problems . Enterovirus may also be linked to a small number of cases of a mysterious neurologic illness in Colorado , Boston and Michigan . Doctors in Colorado spotted it first -- a group of 10 children hospitalized with limb weakness , cranial nerve dysfunction and abnormalities in their spinal gray matter Staff at Boston Children 's Hospital have since identified four patients with the same symptoms . And a child in Washtenaw County , Michigan , has also developed partial paralysis in the lower limbs after being hospitalized with the virus , according to the Michigan Department of Community Health . As Plunkett , the Hamilton Township health officer , explained : "  The D68 strain is a very virulent strain of entire that would attack young children , preschoolers , toddlers who have for the most part compromised immune systems . It has a certain target in our population . " Hygiene education , cleaning ramped up in schools It 's not clear , though , whether Eli should have been any more susceptible than anyone else , beyond his age . That and the suddenness of his death makes it especially difficult to fathom or fully understand . People in Hamilton Township , at least , are doing something about it . While officials say they 're being careful not to overly alarm students , they are stressing things like hand washing , sneezing into your sleeves , staying home if you 're sick and the like to students , teachers and parents to try to prevent the spread of enterovirus D68 and other viruses . Superintendent Jim Parla also said "  we have ramped up cleaning in all of our schools , " devoting extra staff and hours to "  do cleaning that goes above and beyond what we normally do . " Then there 's the matter of taking care of Eli 's family , namely his parents -- both educators -- and two young sisters . Yardville Elementary Principal Elena Manning said that blue-and-yellow bows , her school 's colors , are being put up around the community in Eli 's honor . The late boy 's preschool teacher and an assistant bought a girlish bedroom set and rug to decorate his sisters ' room at home . And the school will soon have a "  Proud of Me " wall to display students ' work , because Eli would regularly "  ask Daddy if Daddy was proud of him , " according to Manning . Eli 's parents are working with school officials on other things . But their focus now is more on grieving , taking care of their daughters and sending a message to the community . According to Principal Manning , "  They are most concerned about giving thanks , which is incredible . "	Official : A preschooler went to bed "  asymptomatic , " was dead the next morning A medical examiner now says the boy died suddenly from enterovirus D68 There 's no way of telling how the boy contracted the virus , official says CDC confirms 538 people in 43 states have respiratory illnesses caused by enterovirus D68
CNN  -- As a Venezuelan opposition presidential candidate said she would demand an investigation of a weekend shooting at a campaign event , one ruling party lawmaker had a different take : The candidate should have seen the violence coming . Rep. Freddy Bernal , a former Caracas mayor and close ally of President Hugo Chavez , told El Universal newspaper that Maria Corina Machado and other opposition candidates should steer clear of Chavez strongholds . "  They know that they 're not going to have any votes there . They know that nobody votes for them there , that they are not wanted . So what are they going to do there ? " Bernal said , according to the newspaper . The Caracas-based daily published his comments two days after gunshots sent Machado and her supporters scrambling at an event Saturday . Machado 's campaign told CNN en Espa  ol Monday that the opposition candidate plans to file a formal complaint with investigators Tuesday . A video purporting to show the shooting on YouTube shows the candidate addressing residents and reporters shortly after she threw the first pitch in a softball game . Thirty seconds into the roughly 50-second clip , several gunshots ring out ; people scatter . Some board a bus while a voice in the video shouts : "  Go , go , go ! " Separately , El Nacional newspaper published a photo of what it said was the shooting , showing two people on a motorcycle . Wearing a red T-shirt , the man on the back is pointing a gun at a bus . CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the images , which were also posted on the candidate 's website . Speaking to CNN en Espa  ol shortly after the attack , Machado blamed "  criminal gangs " for the shooting and accused the government of providing some groups with weapons . "  The government has absolutely lost control and , in many cases , has been complicit with the criminal gangs , " she said . Venezuela 's information and justice ministries have not responded to CNN 's requests for comment on the shooting . Bernal told El Universal that Machado 's visit to the neighborhood in eastern Caracas -- a Chavez stronghold and one of the city 's most dangerous areas -- was a "  provocation . " But he said the ruling United Socialist Party of Venezuela has no need to intimidate opponents with violence . "  We have no reason to do that . We are training people , working and educating them , in peace , democracy and tranquility , " he said , according to the newspaper . "  We will not resort to provocations , because we are winning this game , " he added , arguing that Chavez has a clear lead in polls . "  Chaos , provocation , destabilization and violence are convenient for the opposition . " Machado , a 44-year-old representative in Venezuela 's National Assembly , is one of several presidential candidates who will participate in a primary election next year . The winner will be the unity opposition candidate to run against Chavez . Roberto Abdul , president of the board of directors of Sumate -- a Venezuela-based pro-democracy organization that Machado helped found -- said Saturday 's shooting was a troubling sign of Venezuela 's security problems . "  Violence against any citizen is condemnable . Political violence also must be condemned . ... I think that the government , given that  Machado  is a federal lawmaker , should respond , " he said , noting that Machado had stepped down from her role as a leader of Sumate when she became a lawmaker and is no longer affiliated with the organization . Candidates from all political parties should be able to campaign safely , he said . "  If they think that the opposition does n't have support , that 's even more of a reason that they should be allowed to freely campaign , " he said . "  We can not by any means allow the use of violence to be a  campaign  mechanism . ... They do n't have control of the violence , or they are controlling it selectively . " Journalist Osmary Hernandez in Caracas contributed to this report .	Lawmaker : Opposition candidate Machado 's event provoked gunfire Freddy Bernal , a close Chavez ally , says the ruling party has no need to resort to violence Machado accuses the Venezuelan government of being complicit with criminals A pro-democracy advocate says the government should condemn the attack
CNN  It 's true that Bali 's beaches , rice paddies , volcanoes and temples lure the crowds . Those seeking serenity , however , should n't be put off -- the island offers a smattering of under-the-radar destinations where life ambles along at a more sedate pace . Here are a few places where travelers can escape the hustle but still find plenty to fill an itinerary . Balian West Bali 's Balian beach has long been popular with intrepid surfers , with the beach offering multiple breaks . While they 're mostly suited to experienced surfers , beginners can probably have some fun in the wash . The black-sand beach has a rugged , somewhat desolate feel thanks to the thundering surf . While it 's not really swimmer-friendly , it 's great for long contemplative walks and rummaging for flotsam and jetsam . There are yoga retreats at the low-key resorts along the beach , and rental motorbikes for exploring the side road around Balian , where rice paddies tumble down to meet the sea . At nearby Soka , a temple plays host to a massive cave full of bats that emerge at sunset . Accommodation at Balian is mostly targeted toward surfers but some family-friendly as well as upper-end places are available . Expect a mix of surfer fare and local food at the guesthouses . Sidemen Sidemen is a small village located in a yawning valley about an hour 's drive inland from the mid-east coast . Here you 'll enjoy paddy views from your guesthouse or along a rejuvenating ramble through terraces with occasional red hibiscus or pink frangipani trees that make for pretty photo opportunities . Sidemen is a great spot to rent a pushbike or join a small group tour to coast downhill via a route with fantastic views . Overnight visitors can wake up early to climb the summit of Gunung Agung , the island 's tallest and most revered volcano , in time for sunrise -- this is a challenging hike . Accommodation at Sidemen is generally a great value and ranges from basic through to mid-range , with a few places offering pools . Amed Truth be told , Amed has long been on the map for tourists seeking to elude Bali 's crazy south , but the series of looping bays along the coast of east Bali retains a charming washed-out feel -- like a spot that enjoyed a long-passed heyday and now has a rather slightly sleepy European feel . The appeal here is solid off-the-beach snorkeling and diving in several of the bays , including the Japanese wreck at Banyuning . You can base yourself at Amed to snorkel the liberty wreck at Tulamben , too . Otherwise , it 's a great place to just relax and watch the jukungs  traditional outrigger canoes  fan out with their colorful triangular sails onto the waters before dawn , returning in the early morning . Or , hire a boatman to take you out to see the sunrise over Lombok 's highest peak , Gunung Rinjani . Munduk Bali is n't all beaches , cocktails and tropical weather . After driving through the winding scenic roads in north Bali , through forest-clad mountains , you 'll reach the little out-of-the-way village of Munduk , where the air is so crisp you can forget about air-conditioning . Offering mostly guesthouses and home stays , this is n't a place for luxury , but anywhere you pick should have fantastic views of forest , farmland and paddies studded with coconut palms to remind you that , yes , you 're still on a tropical island . Maps available at hotels highlight an array of low-key walks , including several impressive waterfalls that are easy to reach on foot . Munduk is mostly appealing for what is n't here : no crowds , no tourist shops and no hassles . Nusa Penida Bali does n't just include the main island itself . A cluster of three islands lie about 20 kilometers to the east , easily reachable by public boat or speedboat : Nusa Lembongan , which is popular with expatriates , tiny Nusa Ceningan and the largest of them all , stunning Nusa Penida . The island is geographically similar to Bali 's Bukit Peninsula and , thanks to its relative remoteness , was a prison during the early 18th century . While the diving here is excellent -- manta rays and mola molas when conditions are right -- you 'll also be rewarded by renting a motorbike to go exploring on the relatively barren island , where you can skirt spectacular cliffs soaring hundreds of meters high . Best to get here soon : a luxury Chedi hotel is slated to open at Crystal Bay in 2015 . West Bali National Park Northwest Bali is home to a national park with excellent snorkeling and diving at Menjangan Island , and is the last refuge of the endangered Bali starling . In fact , Menjangan is arguably Bali 's best snorkeling and diving location : you can float over coral gardens of brilliant blues , greens and pinks and spot a vast array of marine life on an organized trip or rent a boat from the pier yourself -- you may see dolphins along the way , with Java 's volcanoes in the distance providing an impressive backdrop . Travelers can base themselves at Pemuteran , located outside the park , though those on a larger budget can try the Menjangan Resort within the park . Hotels can arrange hikes , where chances are good you 'll see Java Rusa and Indian muntjac  barking  deer . Samantha Brown has been living and working in Southeast Asia since 1997and these days manages online regional guide Travelfish.org .	Bali might be a popular tourist destination but there are crowd-free corners worth exploring With its black-sand beach , Balian is popular among intrepid surfers West Bali National Park is home to Bali 's top snorkel site
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Lets face it : All the information around cholesterol makes it something of a confusing topic . Not only do we make our own cholesterol , but we also must have it to produce other important body assets , such as cell membranes and certain types of hormones . "  Good " cholesterol vs. "  bad " cholesterol and all the associated numbers can be confusing . So it 's a bodily must-have . But we also augment that inner cholesterol machine by eating foods high in saturated fats such as whole dairy products and red meats and probably half the offerings at any fast-food spot . Add to that the fact many people simply overproduce or underproduce cholesterol because of their genes -- and that is just the beginning of the conundrum over cholesterol . But while many ca n't quite wrap their brain around it , the reality is many of us are affected by it , and not in a good way . According to the American Heart Association , almost half the adult female population in the United States suffers from high cholesterol . Add in the good vs. bad cholesterol and all the different numbers for the different levels and it starts making my head spin . Fortunately I was able to speak with two very smart cardiologists for guidance . Dr. Nieca Goldberg , a cardiologist in New York , set me straight . She explains it 's all about the balance . "  Cholesterol is an important substance and has many benefits for our bodies , but only a set amount keeps your body in a nice situation . " Our bodies make the good and the bad kind of cholesterol , and according to Goldberg , who is also a spokeswoman for the American Heart Association 's "  Go Red for Women " campaign , they are pretty efficient machines . "  The system is set up so that the HDL high density lipoproteins , or artery-cleaning or ` good ' cholesterol , cleans out the LDL low density lipoproteins , or ` bad ' cholesterol , " she explains . So , basically the good ushers out the bad by dragging it to the liver , and the liver gets rid of it . But when the bad outweighs the good , that 's when the trouble begins . Dr. Nanette Wenger , chief cardiologist at Atlanta 's Grady hospital , paints a cheery picture for us . "  Cholesterol is this fatty gruelly substance that builds up in the arteries , and when those obstructions have high levels of fat they are much more likely to burst . " OK , got it : Buildup bad , burst worse ! According to the American Heart Association , the bad cholesterol , with a little help from some other substances in your body , join together and form a united front  that is , a hard deposit inside your arteries  that could block the flow of blood to the heart , causing a heart attack . Or it could block the flow to the brain , causing a stroke . So , it seems that bully bad cholesterol really needs to be shut down . Health for Her : Watch to learn more about cholesterol in women " But how do you do that ? First you have to be informed . Wenger says , "  I 've always said that women should know three numbers and there are so many numbers tossed around I think all of us can get confused . But I want my women patients to remember three numbers : 50 , 100 and 150 . Fifty is the good cholesterol , the HDL -- that should be above 50 . One hundred is the LDL , the bad cholesterol . And 150 is the triglycerides , another blood fat , and your triglycerides should be below 150 . So be sure that your physician tells you your numbers . If they are fine , do what you do to keep them fine , and if they are abnormal , work with your doctor to change them . " The first two steps , says Goldberg , are about changing your lifestyle . "  You have to adopt a healthy diet and you have to exercise , " she says . "  People with mild cholesterol problems can usually bring their numbers down just by doing those two things . Exercise is one of the most effective measures for raising good cholesterol . " A low-fat diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids -- found in foods Including salmon , walnuts and flax seeds -- is also a good bet for boosting the good stuff . However , sometimes that is not enough . Wenger says , "  Some people have genetic predispositions and have very abnormal cholesterol . Some just make more cholesterol than others , so if your cholesterol is high , it is not that you are a failure . It 's that your lifestyle interventions have not been adequate to get cholesterol to the levels we want . " Sometimes , if warranted , those lifestyle changes need to be helped with medicine . But , cautions Goldberg , "  I 've said to my patients , medications alone ca n't do everything . They need to help themselves by modifying their lifestyles with a low-fat diet and exercise , less stress , more sleep , " all things that we know will keep us healthier longer . So , while in the beginning the cholesterol issue was a conundrum , in the end it 's really a simple story about equipping the good to fight the bad  on a molecular level  and making the right choices so my blood wo n't get held back on its travels through my veins . OK , that I get ! E-mail to a friend	Heart association : Almost half U.S. adult females suffer from high cholesterol Mild cholesterol problems can usually be controlled through diet and exercise People who have genetic predispositions to higher cholesterol may also need meds
CNN  -- Finnish authorities arrested a man Friday after he fired six shots through a school classroom door and shot an office worker in the hand in two separate incidents , police said . No one was injured in the school shooting , police said . The man first entered an office building in the Tampere area , in southern Finland , and shot a man in one hand with a hunting rifle , a police spokesman said . The injuries are not life-threatening . He then went into the school , where he fired through the door of a classroom , the spokesman said . Police arrested the man at the scene and took him to the Tampere police station , where he is being questioned . The man is believed to hold a permit for three guns , but police can not confirm whether one of those three guns was used in the attacks , the spokesman said . Police are interviewing witnesses , the spokesman said .	The suspect first shot a man in the hand in an office building , Finnish police say He then entered a school , where he fired through a classroom door No one was injured in the classroom shooting , police say The man is being questioned in Tampere , in southern Finland
CNN  -- Roma captain Francesco Totti scored two late goals as his side beat Cagliari 2-1 to ensure the Serie A title race goes down to the last week . But treble-chasing Inter Milan edged out Chievo 4-3 to hold a two-point lead going into the final round . Andrea Lazzari gave Cagliari the lead with a 73rd minute strike from a free kick but Tottie soon had Roma level in the Stadio Olimpico with a neat turn and shot . An 83rd minute penalty from Totti wrapped up three points in a dramatic turnaround . Inter also lived dangerously at the San Siro after a late Chievo fightback led to a nervy finish for Jose Mourinho 's men . Thiago Motta 's own goal gave the visitors the lead before Andrea Mantovani also put through his own net to see Inter level . Esteban Cambiasso , Diego Milito and Mario Balotelli then scored further goals for Inter who were in total command until late strikes from Pablo Granoche and Sergio Pellissier for battling Chievo . Inter must now beat lowly Siena in their final match to wrap up the title as they bid for a Champions League , Italian Cup and Serie A treble . "  We have a true final at Siena , " said Inter 's top scorer Diego Milito . "  We have two days to rest and then we will prepare for this game . " AC Milan 's poor end to the season continued as they were beaten 1-0 at Genoa . Giuseppe Sculli 's 56th-minute goal settled the match while Milan , who will finish third , had Mathieu Flamini sent-off in the closing moments . The battle for the fourth place and final Champions League spot will also go to the last weekend after fifth-placed Palermo and fourth-placed Sampdoria drew 1-1 in Sicily . Samp went ahead against Palermo through a Giampaolo Pazzini penalty in the second half but Fabrizio Miccoli equalized from the spot as well with 20 minutes left . Like Roma , they are two points adrift with a game remaining . In other action on Sunday , Atalanta 's relegation was confirmed with their 2-0 defeat at Napoli with two goals from Fabio Quagliarella . Siena and Livorno were already down . Juventus 's 3-2 defeat at home to Parma continued their poor season with a record 14th Serie A defeat and the match was marred by crowd trouble . The defeat ensures Juve will finish in seventh place and have to play in the qualifying rounds of the Europa League next season .	Inter Milan beat Chievo 4-3 to stay two points clear of AS Roma in Serie A Roma leave it late to beat Cagliari 2-1 to keep their title hopes alive for final round Sampdoria stay fourth after a 1-1 draw at fifth-placed Palermo Juventus suffer record 14th defeat in a Serie A season
CNN  A man who spent more than half his life in a North Carolina prison for two murders he did n't commit walked out a free man Friday , holding his belongings in two white plastic bags . Joseph Sledge , who was wrongfully convicted in 1978 , said he feels wonderful about his freedom . He is now 70-years old . Sledge was exonerated by a three-judge panel who reviewed post-conviction DNA evidence from the victims . The panel said that evidence excluded Sledge as a suspect . A witness who testified that Sledge had admitted to the murders recanted his testimony in 2013 . Josephine Davis and her daughter Aileen Davis were discovered in September 1976 inside their home in Elizabethtown , North Carolina . The women had been beaten and stabbed multiple times ; Aileen Davis had been sexually assaulted . Man freed by DNA evidence after 20 years dies a year later The day before the women 's bodies were found , Sledge had escaped from White Lake Prison Camp , approximately 4 miles from the victims ' home . He had been serving a four-year sentence for larceny . Sledge was picked up after he was spotted in Dillon , South Carolina , driving a stolen car , arrested and brought back to North Carolina , where he was charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of the Davises . At trial , the state presented forensic evidence linking Sledge to the crime . Two inmates also testified against Sledge , saying he had admitted to the crimes behind bars . He was convicted and sentence to life in prison . DNA frees North Carolina 's longest-serving death row resident During the more than three decades Sledge was in prison , he maintained his innocence , filing numerous post-conviction motions on various grounds . All were denied without hearing . In 2003 , however , his request for new DNA testing was granted ; testing began five years later . The North Carolina Innocence Inquiry Commission took on investigating Sledge 's case . It in December found "  sufficient evidence of factual innocence to merit judicial review . " Speaking to reporters outside the Columbus County jail , Sledge said , "  When you 're conscious of something you did n't do , you can live with yourself . It 's between you and your maker . " The family of Josephine and Aileen Davis expressed their disapproval with the panel 's decision . Catherine Brown , Josephine Davis ' granddaughter , reading from a prepared statement , said , "  We , the family , are heartbroken by this decision . " Sledge , who was wrongly incarcerated for 37 years , addressed the Davis family directly , saying , "  I 'm very , very sorry for your loss . I hope you get closure in this matter . " The commission , which began operating in 2007 , is the first of its kind in the country , and is separate from the appeals process , according to the organization 's website . A person exonerated by the commission process is declared innocent and can not be retried for the same crime . Exonerated : Cases by the numbers	Joseph Sledge spent more than three decades behind bars DNA evidence , recanted testimony leads to his exoneration
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's sister Janet thanked the crowd at the BET Awards Sunday night for paying tribute to her late brother . Joe Jackson , father of Michael Jackson , attends the BET Awards on Sunday in Los Angeles , California . "  My entire family wanted to be here , but it was just too painful , " she said , holding back tears . "  To you Michael is an icon . To us Michael is family . And he will forever live in all of our hearts . " The star-studded BET Awards was an appreciation of Michael Jackson , who died Thursday at age 50 . Watch Janet Jackson talk about her brother " He was "  the greatest star in the world , " Joseph Jackson , father of the late entertainer , said on Sunday night . "  I wish the world had recognized him when he were living , " Joseph Jackson told CNN 's Don Lemon outside the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , California . "  Right now he 's bigger than ever . But I wish he was here to see all this , to hear all this . " When asked about circumstances surrounding his son 's death , he said , "  I have a lot of concerns but I ca n't get into that . ... I do n't like what happened . " Watch Joe Jackson at the BET awards " The awards opened with a fleet-footed New Edition , with Bobby Brown , performing an energized version of the Jackson 5 hit "  The Love You Save , " to raucous praise . Host Jamie Foxx wore a red , leather "  Beat It " jacket for his opening monologue and did his best to imitate Jackson 's backward glide across the floor . See photos of the show 's tributes " In addition to Foxx , presenter Jeremy Piven mixed praise for Jackson with comic relief . "  If it was n't for Michael Jackson , people like Justin Timberlake would be selling curly fries in the valley , " the actor said . "  I mean that with love . " iReport.com : Fans share love for Jackson This year 's performers included , Beyonce , Keyshia Cole and R&B artist Neyo who performed a hard-hitting tribute to the 1990s with appearances by acts Keith Sweat , Guy and Bell Biv Devoe . Watch celebrities walk the red carpet before the show " The presenters included the past and present Uhura of "  Star Trek " : Zoe Saldana , who starred in the film , and Nichelle Nichols of the TV show . The show also honored the soulful Ohio trio , The O'Jays , who were presented the Lifetime Achievement Award . Tevin Campbell performed a rendition of The O'Jays classic "  Forever Mine . " Johnny Gill , Tyrese and Trey Songz performed a rumbling , soulful medley of The O'Jays hits that had some in the audience wondering if Songz was older than his years . Among the award winners , Atlanta , Georgia-based singer Keri Hilson , who was nominated in four categories , received best new artist and Beyonce won best female artist . Debra L. Lee , chairman and chief executive officer of Black Entertainment Television , said Jackson 's death both saddened and energized the awards organizers . "  When we heard the news of Michael Jackon 's passing we knew immediately we 'd have to change the nature of this show , " she said . "  We put the show together in a matter of three or four days . It 's truly been a labor of love for us , " Lee said .	Even on the red carpet , the talk is about Michael Jackson This year 's show was to recognize musical legacy of soul trio , The O'Jays Jamie Foxx performs in red , leather "  Billie Jean " jacket ; does wobbly moonwalk Janet Jackson : "  My entire family wanted to be here tonight -- It was just too painful "
Forty years ago , English was the top major at Yale . Today it 's not even in the top five . History majors there have fallen by more than half in the last decade . At Harvard , humanities majors fell from 14 % of students in 1966 to 7 % in 2010 . And it 's not just the Ivies . Every month there seems to be a new report on how liberal arts and the humanities are disappearing from American colleges and universities . Academics everywhere are asking each other anxiously what they can do to reverse the decline . But they 're asking the wrong people the wrong question . Instead of talking mainly to other elites , champions of a well-rounded liberal arts education should be speaking directly and more creatively to the public . The question they should be asking is this : Do you realize you are missing out on a golden pathway to influence and purpose ? And this : Do you realize you 're going to need us soon to rescue the United States ? This is brave talk , I know , considering that the share of students majoring in the humanities has been shrinking dramatically . The reasons are well known and seemingly unstoppable : As higher education has gotten far more expensive , parents and legislators demand better "  return on investment . " The greater the focus on ROI , the more attention is paid to "  strategic " fields with obvious employment prospects , like business and computer science . And the more that happens , the less interest there is in fields like English , philosophy and , as President Obama himself mockingly noted , art history . I have nothing against the STEM fields of science , technology , engineering and math . Nor do I think a business or marketing degree is inherently useless . But the rush to "  practical " education , which has accelerated since the Great Recession , arises not so much from optimism about what science and technology can do for our country but from anxiety about falling behind in a time of severe inequality . When a society like America becomes ever more winner-takes-all , panic starts to set in . People obsess over declines in relative status . They forget why we educate children . They forget what made  and can still make  our country exceptional . A liberal arts education has its roots , etymologically and otherwise , in the requirements of liberty : what it takes to be a self-governing citizen rather than a slave . To be a citizen of a country like the United States you should be literate in the humanities as well as the sciences , in the arts as well as accounting . Illiteracy is risky . Willful illiteracy is civic malpractice . To disparage liberal arts , as politicians often do , is to disparage citizenship itself . And though it may seem populist to champion so-called practical fields , there 's nothing more elitist than saying that most people ca n't benefit from a liberal arts education . This is why it 's frustrating how poorly some humanities champions make their case , especially when they do so on terms set by the very marketplace that devalues them . It is true -- perhaps surprisingly -- that liberal arts majors , during their peak earning years , make more money than people who studied pre-professional fields . But I believe those who study the humanities also end up being great citizens , leaders and creators . A humanities education offers very few skills except for those that ca n't be automated . A humanities education offers very little job security except for the ability to adapt to changing circumstances . You should study history only if you 're interested in how people exercise power over one another . You should study literature only if you 're interested in understanding the motivations of your friends , family , colleagues and competitors . You should study art and art history only if you 're interested in seeing patterns others do n't or ca n't . You should study theater only if you 're interested in knowing how to read and send cues in social situations . You should study philosophy only if you 're interested in creating the explanatory frameworks within which everyone else lives . You should study music only if you 're interested in having a voice . But do n't take my word for it . Ask Barack Obama  political science  , Conan O'Brien  English and history  , Michael Lewis  art history  , Oprah Winfrey  speech and drama  , Stephen Colbert  philosophy and theater  , Ted Turner  classics  , Clarence Thomas  English literature  or Natalie Portman  psychology  . As Americans worry ever more about keeping up , whether because of inequality at home or competition from China , we should heed the example of Steve Jobs . Jobs did n't have to be one of the world 's best software coders . All he had to do was develop the vision that would attract some of the world 's most talented coders . China can manufacture all the planet 's iPhones . Americans still imagine and design them . That 's an advantage we have to cultivate in our colleges . As Jobs once said , "  technology alone is not enough -- it 's technology married with liberal arts , married with the humanities , that yields us the result that makes our heart sing . "	Some reports say that a liberal arts education in the U.S. is losing luster Eric Liu : Kids are missing out on a golden pathway to power , purpose He says the rush to "  practical " majors stem from anxiety about falling behind Liu : Just look at Steve Jobs , who valued humanities and creativity over coding
CNN  -- Some people have a difficult time deciding what to give during the holiday season . For me , it could n't be easier . That 's not only because shopping for my husband , Bill , is so easy -- he 's quite happy to receive books or jigsaw puzzles every year . It 's also because there is a simple way that anyone can give a meaningful gift this time of year . And it 's happening Tuesday . Just as there 's Black Friday and Cyber Monday for finding great shopping deals , there 's now #GivingTuesday for anyone who is feeling grateful this time of year and wants to share a bit of their good fortune with those in need . One of the best ways we 've found to do that is to contribute to the U.N. Foundation 's Shot@Life campaign . For just a few dollars , you can provide life-saving vaccines to children in the poorest countries . Living in the United States , most of us take vaccines for granted . We get them when we 're children , and when we grow up to be parents , the pediatrician tells us when our child should get the next one . But that is n't the case in many parts of the world , where millions of children still are n't getting immunized against life-threatening diseases . Bill and I believe that vaccines are one of the real miracles of modern medicine . Over the last 50 years , they have saved more lives than any other medical innovation . Vaccines have nearly eliminated polio , and significantly reduced the incidence of life-threatening diseases such as measles , pneumonia and severe diarrhea . With vaccines , children have a much better chance of growing up healthy and becoming productive members of their community . Without vaccines , children are vulnerable to many deadly and disabling diseases . Today , more than 80 % of children around the world receive a complete course of life-saving vaccines during their first year of life . That 's incredible progress . Yet one in every five children -- mostly in the world 's poorest communities -- do n't get this level of protection . As a result , an estimated 1.5 million children under age 5 die each year from vaccine-preventable diseases . Thankfully , there are committed , compassionate people working to close this gap . Since 2000 , one of our largest global health partners , Gavi , the Vaccine Alliance , has enabled 440 million children in developing countries to receive life-saving immunizations . This effort has saved the lives of 6 million children . At the community level , women in particular play a major role in helping children get the vaccines they need . In Pakistan and Nigeria , female health care workers risk their lives to get polio vaccines to children in areas of conflict . And mothers are most often the ones keeping track of their children 's health records and making sure they get vaccinated . And there 's another group -- people like you -- who can also make an important difference . Often , people say they do n't believe they can really have an impact on big , global issues . The truth is , they can . In the 15 years that I 've been doing this work , I 've seen time and again that when lots of individuals take action it adds up to a movement that can achieve impact for women and children on a grand scale . And when it comes to vaccines , it 's easy to have a real and lasting impact right now . For just a $ 5 contribution to Shot@Life, you can protect a young girl from polio and measles for her entire lifetime . For $ 15 , you can protect a boy from the two most deadly diseases -- pneumonia and severe diarrhea . The more you 're able to give , the more children you can help protect . And on #GivingTuesday , the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is sponsoring a "  one day sale . " We will match any donation you make to Shot@Life, so your gift will go even further . No matter how much you decide to donate , giving a child a shot at a healthy life is one of the most meaningful gifts you can give this holiday season . When you help one child grow up healthy , you 're helping an entire family . And healthy , thriving families help entire communities create a better world for all of us . A small gift can make a big difference .	Melinda Gates : Vaccines have saved more lives than any medical innovation Living in the U.S. , most of us take vaccines for granted , she says Gates : Women play big role in helping children get vaccines they need
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The suspects charged with imprisoning four mentally disabled people in a Philadelphia boiler room may have been holding seven other people , including the accused ringleader 's 19-year-old niece and six children , police said Wednesday . The niece , Beatrice Weston , had been kept in a closet in an upstairs apartment in the same building where the first four were found Saturday afternoon , police said . She was being treated for "  horrific " injuries after being found beaten , malnourished and covered with scars Tuesday afternoon , Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey told reporters . "  I 've been a police officer for more than 40 years , and I 've never seen injuries like this , " Ramsey said . Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter added , "  I 'm not sure horrific covers it . This is sheer madness . " The owner of the northeast Philadelphia apartment building found the original four victims locked in a dank sub-basement chamber that reeked of urine and excrement . Authorities are investigating whether Beatrice Weston 's aunt , 51-year-old Linda Weston , and three others now charged in the case had been stealing the victims ' Social Security checks . The 19-year-old was being held in the apartment rented by Linda Weston 's daughter , Jean McIntosh , who became the fourth person charged in the case Wednesday afternoon , Philadelphia police spokesman Lt. Ray Evers told CNN . "  Jean was a cooperating witness . We did n't know she was a defendant , " Evers said . "  But after talking with the captives and others , we discovered Jean was lying . " When police returned to the building Tuesday with a warrant to search McIntosh 's apartment , Beatrice Weston had been moved . But they found evidence she had been there , and convinced McIntosh to produce her , Evers said . Beatrice Weston had burn marks on her body and marks on her ankles as though she 'd been struck by pellets , Ramsey said -- injuries that clearly had been inflicted over some length of time . "  This girl was beaten and tortured . It makes you want to cry when you see her , " Ramsey said . Beatrice Weston , who had been reported missing in 2009 , and the six children were taken into protective custody at various locations around Philadelphia as the investigation spread , Evers said . In addition , McIntosh 's 8 - and 10-year-old children were also placed in protective custody , he said . McIntosh , 32 , was charged with kidnapping , conspiracy , unlawful restraint , false imprisonment , aggravated assault , simple assault , burglary and trespass , the Philadelphia district attorney 's office said in a statement . A judge set her bail at $ 1 million Wednesday , office spokeswoman Tasha Jameson said . Bail has been set at $ 2.5 million apiece for Weston and the two men charged in the case , 47-year-old Gregory Thomas and 49-year-old Eddie Wright . "  I 'm feeling sick to my stomach , " Danyell Tisdale , a neighborhood block captain who alerted landlord Turgut Gozleveli to suspicious activity , told CNN on Wednesday . "  I was speaking so highly for her . She was a nice neighbor and did n't bother anybody . It 's shocking to me that she had anything to do with it . My sister 's children played with her two children . " Police believe two of the six children placed in protective custody Wednesday -- ages 2 and 5 -- are the children of Tamara Breeden , one of the four people found in the boiler room . Authorities did not divulge how Breeden became pregnant . Investigators took DNA samples from Breeden and the three men held with her to determine whether any of them are fathers of the children , Evers said . Breeden , Edwin Sanabria and Herbert Knowles were found locked in the pitch-black , 15-by-6-foot room with no food and only a bucket for a toilet . A fourth man , identified as Derwin McLemire , had been chained to the boiler , police said . McLemire , Breeden and a Knowles , told CNN affiliate KYW that their Social Security information was taken from them , that they had been beaten and that they lived in fear of their alleged captors . "  That was real dirty of you . That was wrong , " a tearful McLemire told KYW . He said he is from North Carolina , that he met Weston on an online dating site and had once he attempted to escape , only to be recaptured . The FBI joined the probe after detectives discovered one of the accused had traveled to at least two other states with the people found in the boiler room . Weston served eight years in prison for killing her sister 's boyfriend in the early 1980s , Ramsey said earlier . In that case , the victim "  was held captive for an extended period of time , locked in a closet and he literally starved to death , " he said . "  You would think that someone who 's committed a crime that horrific would still be in jail , " he said Tuesday . "  But she was n't , and obviously she was n't fully rehabilitated , either . " CNN 's Melanie Whitley , Tom Faust , Ross Levitt and Kyra Phillips contributed to this report .	Young woman had been hidden in an upstairs apartment , police say Police took the woman and 6 children into protective custody Four others were found locked in a filthy basement on Saturday Philadelphia 's mayor calls the case "  sheer madness "
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- When police walked into the home , they found a 5-year-old girl weighing nearly 160 pounds , her teeth rotting , her skin covered in spider bites . Her 4-year-old sister was lying on a filthy mattress , wearing only a urine-soaked diaper . Police were responding to a domestic dispute call at the Marietta , Georgia , house Monday when they encountered the shocking scene . They called in child abuse investigators , and ultimately arrested the parents , James and Anne Cardona , charging both with second-degree child cruelty , Cobb County police spokesman Joe Hernandez said . The children are now in the state custody . Their parents were released on bond , but Anne Cardona was arrested again late Thursday for giving "  misleading information " to a magistrate judge at the couple 's first court appearance Tuesday , said Col. Milton Beck of the Cobb County sheriff 's department . She remained in jail Friday without bond until further notice from court , he said . Attempts to reach her husband were unsuccessful Friday , and it was n't immediately clear whether they had retained legal counsel . Asked by CNN affiliate WSB-TV on Thursday whether the children were mistreated at the home , Anne Cardona said no . Police had only stopped at the family 's home in the Atlanta suburb one other time , more than a year ago , but had n't observed anything like they saw Monday , Hernandez said . The house "  stunk of urine and mold , " according to the arrest warrants for the Cardonas . It is "  infested with roaches , -LSB- fleas -RSB- , cobwebs and gigantic spiders , " the documents said . The bathroom and shower are covered in black mold and dirt , they said . Neither girl is enrolled in school . Both are severely obese . The older daughter , who weighs 158 pounds , could not walk 10 feet without "  becoming out of breath and wheezing , " officers said . The younger child weighs 89 pounds and still drinks from a baby bottle . Her feet were blackened with dirt , her skin also covered in insect bites . "  A situation like this is tragic -- tragic for the family , but mostly for the kids , " said Normer Adams , executive director of the Georgia Association of Homes and Services for Children , a trade group representing a range of agencies , including foster homes and family support programs . "  This is an extreme case of neglect by the parents , " he said . "  These kids are hurting on many levels -- certainly educational development , and probably social development . " Adams said it 's unlikely that the Cardonas would be able to regain custody of their children , saying it 's "  too late " for the family to avoid foster care .	Police found the two young Georgia girls covered in filth and bug bites The 5-year-old girl weighs 158 pounds ; 4-year-old weighs 89 pounds Their parents have been charged with child cruelty , a felony
CNN  -- Frustrated parents are dumping their teenagers at Nebraska hospitals -- even crossing state lines to do it -- and the state Legislature has scheduled a special hearing to try to stem the tide . A 14-year-old Iowa girl was left Tuesday at Creighton University Medical Center in Omaha , Nebraska . Nebraska 's "  safe haven " law , intended to allow parents to anonymously hand over an infant to a hospital without being prosecuted , is n't working out as planned . Of the 17 children relinquished since the law took effect in July , only four are younger than 10 -- and all four are among the nine siblings abandoned by a man September 24 at an Omaha hospital . On Tuesday , a 14-year-old girl from Council Bluffs , Iowa , was abandoned at Creighton University Medical Center in Omaha , Nebraska , just across the Missouri River from Council Bluffs . The case marks the first time a parent has crossed state lines to abandon a teenager in Nebraska , authorities said . "  The few situations we 've seen so far demonstrate the need for a change in Nebraska 's safe haven law , " Gov. Dave Heineman said in a statement Monday . "  In the coming legislative session , I will advocate for changes that put the focus back on protecting an infant in danger . That should be our priority . " All 50 states have safe haven laws , but only Nebraska 's lacks an age limit . Nebraska 's part-time Legislature is adjourned until January , but two state legislative committees will hold a joint hearing November 13 to discuss a remedy . "  They 've got a huge problem , " said Linda Spears , vice president for policy and public affairs for the Child Welfare League of America . "  It 's a pretty poorly constructed law to meet its original intent . " When it was introduced in the Legislature , the bill had a presumed age limitation of 72 hours , said Todd Landry , director of the state 's Division of Children and Family Services . "  The original intent was to protect infants from the immediate danger of being harmed , " he said . However , the law 's final language uses the word "  child " and does not specify an age limit , leaving it open to interpretation . Other states ' laws specify the maximum age at which a child may be relinquished , ranging from 72 hours in several states to 1 year in North Dakota , according to the National Center for State Courts . "  Clearly in these cases so far that we 've seen , none of these children were in any immediate danger of being harmed , " Landry said . "  It is our opinion that the law does need to be modified . " The law is being abused , Heineman 's statement said . "  Safe haven laws were not designed to allow families having difficulty with older youth and teenagers to abandon their children or responsibilities as parents , " he said . The parents may not always be to blame , the Child Welfare League 's Spears said . "  The original safe haven laws were created for young moms who are having babies who did n't know how to get help . I think these are families with older kids who do n't know how to get help and who are in desperate need , " she said . Most state laws fail to provide for research into who is abandoning babies and why , league spokeswoman Joyce Johnson said . "  Those are the kinds of things we 've been wondering about and saying we need to know more about , and you 'll never know if you just have a law that says you can anonymously leave a child somewhere , no questions asked , " Johnson said . New Jersey , she said , is an exception . That state 's safe haven law provides funding for research and evaluation as well as $ 500,000 a year for public awareness , according to a September 2007 report by a New Jersey safe haven task force . A woman who dropped her 15-year-old nephew at a Lincoln , Nebraska , hospital told CNN affiliate KETV last month that she and the boy 's guardian could no longer handle his behavior problems . Watch woman explain why she left 15-year-old at hospital " The woman , Cathy Poulin , said she tried discipline and medication , but nothing worked . The boy 's mother died several years ago , and his father left him , she said . "  We had to go to the next level , " Poulin said . "  He can be made to get help . " The Omaha man who left his nine children , ages 1 to 17 , at Creighton University Medical Center was overwhelmed by the sudden death of his wife after the youngest child was born , he told KETV . "  I was with her for 17 years , and then she was gone . What was I going to do ? " Gary Staton said . "  We raised them together . I did n't think I could do it alone . I fell apart . I could n't take care of them . " Staton is just the kind of parent whom safe haven laws fail to help , Johnson said . "  He was grieving , he did n't have a lot of money , and all those children -- he was trying to figure out how to feed them , how to clothe them , and deal with the grief of losing his wife . He needed help , " she said . Heineman and Landry urged Nebraska parents who are having trouble coping to call the United Way 's 211 resource line or Boys Town , a nationally known nonprofit child services organization based in Nebraska . Other options include community and faith-based support groups , crisis hot lines , treatment centers and other services , Landry added .	Wording of Nebraska ` safe haven ' law allows parents to dump teenagers Law 's original intent was to protect unwanted newborns Governor calls on Legislature to revise law to insert age limit Safe haven laws fail to address issues behind abandonment , child advocates say
Washington  CNN  This week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide -- the Turkish massacre of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians And it 's also the seventh year in a row President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "  genocide " to describe the atrocity . It 's a moral position taken by Pope Francis , actor George Clooney and even by the Kardashians . On the 2008 campaign trail , Obama promised to use the word "  genocide " to describe the 1915 massacre by Turks of Armenians -- a pledge he made when seeking Armenian-American votes . Back then , he held up his willingness to call it a "  genocide " as an example of why he was the kind of truth-telling candidate the nation needed . 8 things to know about the mass killings of Armenians 100 years ago In 2006 , after the U.S. Ambassador to Armenia was asked to resign for using the term Armenian genocide , then-Sen . Obama hammered the Bush administration for not taking a stand . "  The Armenian genocide is not an allegation , a personal opinion , or a point of view , but rather a widely documented fact supported by an overwhelming body of historical evidence , " he said . But that was then . And now , as was the case with Bush , Obama regards Turkey -- the only Muslim majority country in NATO -- as a more crucial ally than Armenia . Turkey has the second-largest military in NATO , behind only the U.S. , and is a crucial ally when it comes to Syria , ISIS , Iran and other Middle East issues . And Turkey denies this history . "  We can not define what happened in 1915 as a genocide , " Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told CNN on Tuesday . Why Turkey wo n't say the G-word when it comes to the Armenians In her Pulitzer Prize-winning book about genocide , Obama 's current Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power hammered U.S. policy makers for not acknowledging or acting to stop such atrocities . "  No U.S. president has ever made genocide prevention a priority , and no U.S. president has ever suffered politically for his indifference to its occurrence . It is thus no coincidence that genocide rages on , " she wrote .	Obama promised Armenian-Americans he would call the atrocity genocide during the 2008 campaign . The White House views Turkey as a more crucial ally than Armenia . Pope Francis , actor George Clooney , and even the Kardashians have taken the moral position , calling it the Armenian genocide .
Berlin  CNN  -- Four more deaths have been confirmed by German health officials Friday bringing the total number of European deaths from an E. coli outbreak to 31 . All but one were in Germany . According to German health authorities the bacteria has been traced to sprouts found in a North Rhine-Westphalia household in western Germany . This is the first time the actual bacteria has been found in produce . The number of people infected with E. coli now stands at 2,988 , of whom 759 have the severe form of the intestinal illness . Though the rate of infection is slowing , officials at the Robert Koch Institute said the number of infections will continue to rise . A spokesman for the German ministry of consumer affairs said sprouts were tested in the home when two members of the family became infected after eating the sprouts . The vegetables in question seem to originate from a farm in Northern Germany that has already been linked to the outbreak , ministry spokesman Stephan Melessa . Investigators determined bean sprouts were the cause of the outbreak after 17 people became ill after eating at the same restaurant , Reinhard Burger , president of the Robert Koch Institute , told reporters . Authorities questioned people about what they ate and asked the cooks where the ingredients came from , Burger said . The common denominator , he said , was only those who ate food containing the sprouts became ill . Farmers in Spain , France , Holland and Belgium have been seeking compensation for their losses . The European Commission has proposed that the European Union pay about $ 300 million , but Spain alone claims about $ 600 million in losses . In Spain , the fresh produce exporter Frunet filed what is believed to be the first lawsuit by a Spanish company against the Hamburg state government over its earlier allegations that Spanish products were to blame for the E.coli outbreak . The complaint , filed Thursday in Hamburg , demands the immediate release of all laboratory tests and other documentation that Hamburg officials used when they blamed -- wrongly it turns out -- Frunet 's organic cucumbers as a source of the outbreak , Frunet 's owner , Antonio Lavao , told CNN by phone on Friday . Frunet , based in Spain 's southern Malaga province , expects to file another lawsuit against the Hamburg state government seeking 1 million euros  $ 144 million  in losses from fresh produce it had to destroy , Lavao said . "  My company was named specifically " by German authorities , Lavao said . His exports remain blocked because even as German and European Commission officials have cleared Spanish cucumbers generally of any link to the outbreak , there remains suspicion among his clients since his firm was identified , wrongly , as a source of the bacteria , he said . "  We do n't want to be collateral damage . We want a specific rectification , " Lavao said . The lawsuit is the first of its kind by a Spanish company against German authorities , said Jose Maria Pozancos , managing director of Spain 's fresh produce export federation Fepex . Frunet grows relatively few cucumbers ; its speciality is premium tomatoes for export . Lavao said he was not confident that his firm would receive any public compensation , which is why it filed the lawsuit against German authorities . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Al Goodman contributed to this report .	NEW : Contaminated sprouts found in west German home NEW : Bacteria found in produce for the first time Four more deaths bring total to 31 2988 people are infected , 759 have a severe form of the illness
CNN  A Lamborghini sports car crashed into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway on Sunday , killing a passenger , the Florida Highway Patrol said . The crash occurred at 3:30 p.m. at the Exotic Driving Experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack . The 36-year-old passenger , Gary Terry of Davenport , Florida , was pronounced dead at the scene , Florida Highway Patrol said . The driver , 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee , Florida , lost control of the vehicle , the Highway Patrol said . He was hospitalized with minor injuries . Petty Holdings , which operates the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway , released a statement Sunday night about the crash . "  On behalf of everyone in the organization , it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident in Orlando , " the company said . Petty Holdings also operates the Richard Petty Driving Experience -- a chance to drive or ride in NASCAR race cars named for the winningest driver in the sport 's history . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Authorities identify the deceased passenger as 36-year-old Gary Terry Authorities say the driver , 24-year-old Tavon Watson , lost control of a Lamborghini The crash occurred at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway
CNN  -- Country singer Jason Aldean 's tour bus struck and killed a pedestrian on an Indiana highway Monday morning , his representative said . "  With a heavy heart , I 'm sad to say that a man passed away last night after stepping out in front of my bus in Indiana , " Aldean said in an online statement . Aldean , who was traveling to Illinois for a vacation after wrapping up his tour , was the only passenger on the bus , rep Mary Hilliard told CNN . The Knox County sheriff 's department said that Albert Kennedy of Vincennes , Indiana , "  walked out into the middle of the roadway " and was struck by the bus . He was pronounced dead on the scene by the coroner . "  In all the years I 've been touring and all the miles we 've driven , nothing prepares you for something like this to happen , " Aldean said . "  I 'm praying for Albert Kennedy 's family and friends today and ask that you do the same . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	An Indiana man stepped in front of Aldean 's bus early Monday , officials say Aldean was traveling to Illinois for a vacation after wrapping up his tour "  Nothing prepares you for something like this to happen , " Aldean says
CNN  -- An Ohio man who was suspended as the drum major of a band for giving President Obama a nod during last week 's inaugural parade is calling it quits . John Coleman quit his band after it suspended him for nodding to President Obama last week . John Coleman resigned from the Cleveland Firefighters Memorial Pipes & Drums a week after the parade in Washington . Publicity about his suspension had gotten to be too much , he told CNN affiliate WEWS . "  It 's come to a point where I do n't want embarrassment anymore between the pipe band and myself , " Coleman , who is a firefighter , told WEWS on Tuesday . Coleman was seen during the nationally televised January 20 parade nodding toward the new president while marching with the band . A few steps later , he appeared to wave briefly . He told WEWS that as the band was marching past the grandstand where Obama was sitting , he made eye contact with the president . "  Contact was made with our eyes both together and he smiled and waved at the band , " he told the station . "  And just as a gesture , I nodded my head . I gave him a slight wave and went on . " Watch parade and explanation " Representatives from the group did not return calls from CNN . But bandleader Mike Engle told the Cleveland Plain Dealer that Coleman was suspended because he ignored military protocol . "  We had gone over and over time and again with everyone in the band that this was a military parade , " Engle told the newspaper . "  Protocol and proper decorum had to be followed at all times . Unfortunately , John chose to ignore that . " Coleman had been suspended from the band for six months . In a written statement , band manager Ken Rybka said Coleman 's resignation from the group "  comes as a shock and surprise . " The band has been inundated with phone calls , e-mails and messages on its Internet pages -- almost all of them critical -- since the story first broke on Monday , Rybka said . iReport.com : ` Pretty cool thing that he acknowledged the president ' "  It is unfortunate that an internal band issue has raised so much discussion and ire from the general public , " Rybka said in the statement . "  It has disheartened me more than you can imagine . " Rybka said that he will be taking a leave of absence from the band because of the furor . "  The ` afterglow ' of participating in the inaugural parade is gone , " he said .	Ohio man quits band after it suspended him for nodding at President Obama John Coleman cites publicity over suspension as reason for leaving Coleman was band 's drum major when it marched in inaugural parade Coleman ignored military protocol , band leader tells newspaper
CNN  -- Last year , the bus in which a young Congolese woman we met named Mary was riding was stopped by a militia . "  They wanted to all have me , to rape me , " she related haltingly to us . "  I told them no , and then they took off my shirt and beat me . I have terrible marks now . " Mary 's story is similar to hundreds of thousands of women 's experiences in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo , where rape is routinely "  deployed " as a weapon of war by the armed groups fighting over a nation that has some of the richest nonpetroleum natural resource deposits in the world . Congo holds the numbing distinction of being home to the deadliest war in the world since World War II -- with more than 5.4 million people killed during the past 15 years . "  This war is caused by the minerals , " Mary told us . "  Those -LSB- armed groups -RSB- control the minerals . I hear that they are used in mobile phones . ... If you talk to Obama or the phone companies , tell them what happens here . " Armed groups in eastern Congo that control minerals , mines and trading routes generate an estimated $ 180 million each year by trading four main minerals : tin , tantalum , tungsten , and gold . This money enables the armed groups to purchase large numbers of weapons and continue their campaign of brutal violence against civilians . Conflict minerals are key components in the manufacture of cell phones , laptops , digital cameras , video games and portable music players . Because of increasing awareness of the links between electronics products and the worst sexual violence in the world , change is afoot . During U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's visit to eastern Congo in August , she said : "  With respect to companies that are responsible for what are now being called conflict minerals , I think the international community must start looking at steps we can take to try to prevent the mineral wealth from the DRC ending up in the hands of those who fund the violence here . " The U.S. Congress has also initiated a strong bipartisan effort to curb the conflict minerals trade . Senate and House bills on this issue represent a significant step toward having conflict-free cell phones and laptops by setting up a system of audits and minerals-tracing mechanisms . This would reveal which phones and laptops contain conflict minerals and which ones do not . Introduced by Sens. Sam Brownback  R-Kansas  , Russ Feingold  D-Wisconsin  and Dick Durbin  D-Illinois  on the Senate side , and Reps. Jim McDermott  D-Washington  , Frank Wolf  R-Virginia  , Barney Frank  D-Massachusetts  and Donald Payne  D-New Jersey  on the House side , the bills already have the support of powerful committee chairmen but still must be moved through committee . With the Obama administration and Congress taking a strong interest in this issue , and activist campaigning building some momentum , companies have begun to react . The tin industry has gone the furthest by introducing an initiative to increase due diligence and trace minerals on the ground in Congo . Electronics companies also have a project under way to map out supply chains . And Intel , HP , Dell , and Motorola are hosting a meeting with activists on conflict minerals in San Francisco , California , this month . But it is not enough . Campus activists -- from New York ; to Knoxville , Tennessee ; to Nevada -- are taking up this issue with increased vigor , along with major faith-based groups , from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to Jewish World Watch . Are the government and company actions taken to date enough to stop the conflict minerals trade from continuing ? The answer is no . Electronics companies must invest in a system to certify that the minerals used in their products are verifiably conflict-free . They must work with their suppliers to trace the minerals back to their mines of origin and have independent audits conducted of these supply chains so that we know with verified proof that none has passed through the hands of armed groups . The Obama administration should help companies develop a certification process for conflict minerals , built on the lessons of the Kimberley Process for blood diamonds . The administration can also help devise a public-private partnership to work with companies , the Congolese government and other key donor countries to help miners in eastern Congo and improve mining inspection and tracing on the ground . Companies and the government can take steps today . For a start , electronics companies should have audits conducted of their supply chains for the minerals . And Congress should pass the conflict minerals legislation , to get tracing started . If you have a cell phone , you can also have an impact . Ask your senator and representative to sign the Congo Conflict Minerals Act  S. 891  and Conflict Minerals Trade Act  H.R. 4128  , and find a creative way to reach your cell phone manufacturer to tell it you want a conflict-free cell phone . The minerals supply chain involves multiple companies , and the war in Congo will not be resolved overnight . But if companies and consumers take a stand and say "  Give us conflict-free products , " we can stop this deadly trade and put real pressure on the armed groups that rape women on a mass scale in eastern Congo . Let Mary 's request not be forgotten . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sasha Lezhnev and John Prendergast .	Lezhnev , Prendergast : Congo "  conflict minerals " fund deadly war in which rape is routine Authors : Gunmen sell minerals used in cell phones , laptops , games to buy weapons Victim : "  If you talk to Obama or the phone companies , tell them what happens here " They say electronics firms must certify minerals are conflict-free , Congress must pass bills
CNN  -- It was one of the most unexpected announcements of the year . In April , Archie Comics released the news that its lead character , Archie Andrews , would die in an upcoming issue of "  Life With Archie . " The story wo n't affect the overall Archie storylines , as "  Life With Archie " takes place in an alternate timeline . Still , the visual of Archie having been gunned down was quite a shock to fans . With the issue , "  Life With Archie " No. 36 , coming out today , we now know more details about how Archie dies  spoiler alert , of course !  . Kevin Keller , the first openly gay character in Archie Comics history , is a senator in the "  Life With Archie " universe , and he 's in favor of gun control . An attempt is made on Keller 's life , and Archie takes the bullet for his friend . "  Archie died as he lived -- a hero , representing the best in all of us , " Archie Comics CEO Jon Goldwater said in a news release . Goldwater spoke to CNN in April , when the news was broken . CNN : Can you explain the "  Life With Archie " series for the uninitiated ? Jon Goldwater : "  Life With Archie " is Archie 's future . It gives readers a look into what his life would be like after high school and college , which has never really been explored . Most fans are familiar with Archie as a high schooler , hanging out at Pop 's Chocklit Shoppe with his friends . "  Life With Archie " shows what happens when Archie becomes an adult and starts dealing with grown-up issues . Each issue is normally split into two storylines , one telling a tale of Archie married to Veronica , another with him ending up with Betty . The final issue , however , will show readers Archie 's final fate in both timelines -- and they 're the same . CNN : Why kill Archie ? Goldwater : I think it 's the natural conclusion to the "  Life With Archie " series . Archie dies as he lived : heroically . He dies saving the life of a friend and does it in his usual selfless way . Archie has always been a representation of us -- the best of us . Our strengths and our faults . Writer Paul Kupperberg , with input from myself , has crafted an emotional , impactful and classic story that I know will survive the test of time . This is n't a random one-off or "  what-if " story that we 're doing as a gag . This is the story that we mapped out carefully and with much thought . This is the death of Archie as we see it , and we 're treating it with that same level of gravitas and import . It 's a once-in-a-lifetime event , and we are being very considerate about it . CNN : What are you hoping to accomplish with this storyline ? Goldwater : First and foremost , like with anything we do at Archie , we want to tell a great , memorable story . That being said , this story in particular is of the utmost importance to us as a company and as a keeper of the Archie brand . We want to not only show how Archie 's life ends but also what he means to the world around him . We want to celebrate his life . After the events of "  Life With Archie " No. 36 , fans will leap forward a year to see the aftermath and how his friends have moved on since his surprising death . What 's Jughead doing ? How are Betty and Veronica dealing with the loss ? It 's not about the attention-grab of the death but about telling a great , evocative story that reminds people why this character is important to the fabric of pop culture -- and showing how heroic a normal guy like Archie can be and how important it is to realize that . This is n't a story we 're going to retcon a few weeks from now . This happened . This is the conclusion to the "  Life With Archie " story and timeline , and it will allow us as a company and the world to take a moment to look at Archie 's life as a whole and recognize him as one of the most important characters , not in just comics but in popular culture . We want people to feel the same emotional roller coaster we felt putting this story together -- to feel the range of emotions , from happiness , sadness , anger , joy and pride . We want people to react to this in a strong way because Archie is so important to them . CNN : How do you hope fans will react , ultimately ? Goldwater : We expect some level of shock , outrage and surprise , followed by understanding . As a company , we are not afraid to take risks . We 're not scared to shake things up to draw attention to the great stories we 're building here at Archie . I hope fans will be intrigued by this news , pick up the issues in July and realize they 've been given one of the best comics on the stands . They 'll be handed a piece of comic book history , featuring some of the most well-known characters in the world saying goodbye to an icon . We want fans to talk about this for years to come . We think this story is bigger than anything we 've ever done . It 's bold , dramatic and best of all , a fitting end to the life of Archie . CNN : What do you think Archie Comics has been doing by shaking things up over the recent years ? Goldwater : We 're a sleeping giant . Years ago , before I stepped in as CEO , Archie was seen as a dormant , nostalgia brand stuck in amber . We were in suspended animation . People thought the stories were still set in the '50s ! Now , while the characters -- like Betty , Archie , Veronica , Jughead and Reggie -- are at their core the same , Riverdale has changed . It 's caught up with the times . The town of Riverdale you read about now is like any other in America . It 's diverse , it 's not problem-free , and it represents America in an honest way . Archie is about being welcoming , diverse and entertaining . We 've managed to strike that balance in our storytelling for the last five years and managed to not only get attention but keep people entertained . From the introduction of Kevin Keller , the first regular gay character in comics , to now , the death of Archie , we 've not been afraid to take risks . The big thing is , though , our risks pay off because the stories , art and execution are spot-on . We back up what we say . CNN : What will be the long-term impact of this story ? Goldwater : Well , this is the end . This is how Archie dies in the pages of "  Life With Archie . " We will not be retconning , reversing or backtracking on this story in terms of "  Life With Archie . " The main Archie line , however , telling stories of Archie in high school , will continue . "  Afterlife With Archie "  the "  Archie " zombie series  will continue , and we will keep on taking risks with different and new interpretations of our characters . But as far as we see it , this is how Archie dies . That 's how we approached this story and how we 're treating it .	Archie Andrews dies in the current issue of "  Life With Archie " "  Life With Archie " is a look at Archie 's possible future scenarios Series will end with the next issue
CNN  -- Pakistani news anchor Hamid Mir had been threatened by "  both state and non-state actors " before he was attacked by gunmen , the journalist said in a statement read by his brother outside the Karachi hospital where he was recovering Thursday . Officials from Pakistan 's powerful intelligence agency , ISI , approached Mir several days before the shooting and told him he was on a hit list along with other journalists , his brother said . According Mir 's statement , the officials did n't say who drew up the list . Mir thanked the Pakistani public for their prayers and vowed to unearth further details about those he believed were behind the attack . "  I will fight until my last drop of blood and last breath to continue the fight to strengthen Pakistan , to ensure the freedom of the press , bring a voice to the smaller provinces of the country and uphold democracy , " his statement said . Shot three times The prominent columnist and political talk show host was shot three times by gunmen in a car and on two motorcycles in Karachi on April 19 , his network Geo News -- a CNN affiliate -- reported . The bullets struck Mir in the intestines , leg and pelvis , according to police . He is now recovering after undergoing what his doctor described as a successful operation . His brother , Amir -- also a journalist -- said Hamid Mir believed ISI and its leader , Lt. Gen. Zaheerul Islam had plans to assassinate him , but the Pakistani military 's public relations agency has dismissed the allegations , saying that "  raising allegations against ISI or the head of ISI without any basis is highly regrettable and misleading . " Since the attack , Pakistan 's military has pushed for media regulators to suspend or even revoke the license of Mir 's network Geo News over its coverage of the incident , filing a complaint with the Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority . Reports surfaced Wednesday that the network was unavailable in large areas of Peshawar , parts of Quetta and in military barracks in both cities . On its website , Geo News reported similar blackouts in Okara , Murree and Dera Ghazi Khan as well . Mir condemned the move against the broadcaster . The shooting was not the first attempt on Mir 's life . In November 2012 , a bomb was found under his car but the culprits were never found . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . Militant organizations -- like the Taliban , have threatened journalists in the past for coverage that they view as unfavorable . A former newspaper reporter and editor , Mir writes columns and hosts a political talk show on Geo News . His guests have included members of Pakistan 's ruling government and the opposition . Mir is also writing a book on Osama bin Laden , the late al Qaeda leader who escape from the Tora Bora mountains of Afghanistan he extensively reported on . Two Pakistani governments -- once in 2007 and again in 2008 -- banned him from appearing on Pakistani television . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Greg Botelho and journalists Syed Ali Shah and Zahir Shah Sherazi contributed to this report .	Pakistani TV news anchor vows to investigate attempt on his life Hamid Mir is recovering in hospital after being wounded by gunmen in Karachi Pakistan 's military is pushing to shut down his employer , broadcaster Geo News Mir believes Pakistan 's spy agency may have targeted him
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least seven people are dead after assailants attacked a compound housing senior government officials , including those of the Pakistani intelligence services , a first responder and a security official told CNN Wednesday . Earlier , the security official had told CNN that two attackers were killed in the attack on the compound in the town of Sukkur , in Sindh province , but that number conflicted with additional reporting CNN has gathered . It was not immediately clear what the breakdown was of civilians and attackers killed . The security official , however , said that a suicide bombing occurred and was followed by a gun and grenade attack . In addition to housing Pakistani security offices , it also includes judges ' homes and police housing . Suicide bombers rammed an explosives-laden car into the building , the official said , and others went into the compound and carried out the gun and grenade attack . Mohammed Urif , in charge of ambulance services , said rescuers have transported 35 to 40 injured people to nearby hospitals . Among the injured , 10 to 12 are critically wounded , he said . "  It seems the blasts were targeting the Barrage Colony compound where the ISI offices are , " said Deputy Inspector General in Sukkur Javed Odho , referring to Pakistan 's intelligence agency . "  Police have cordoned off the area , and we are working toward conducting an investigation . " In a news release , Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif condemned the attack . The statement said that he "  prayed to Allah Almighty to bless the departed souls with eternal peace and grant courage to their families to bear the loss with fortitude . " He was also praying for the recovery of the injured , it read . Geo TV in Pakistan covered the blasts , showing video of rubble . It reported that the attack injured 35 people .	Compound in Sukkur attacked , a security official and first responder tell CNN Official : Suicide bombing was followed by an attack on the compound Compound houses senior government officials , security source says
CNN  -- Smart cars are good for the environment , good for parking in cramped cities and good for a driver 's bottom line . Then again , all that thinking gets turned upside down when the vehicles do . That 's what happened to four of these fuel-efficient vehicles in San Francisco , tossed aside like a piece of trash . Why ? Authorities do n't know , leaving Bay Area residents to speculate that anything from pranksters to people upset about hipsters . All Brandon Michael knows is what he saw -- a group of men , in the dark of night , walking up to one Smart car . "  They  all just huddled around it and then just lifted it up and set it on its hind legs , " Michael told CNN affiliate KRON . The basically vertical vehicle that Michael described -- its front lights pointing toward the heavens -- was n't alone . Two others in the same 1 - to 2-square mile area were flipped on their side and one was on its roof , according to San Francisco police spokesman Gordon Shyy . Tossing a Smart car is n't necessarily easy , unless you compare to other vehicles . Unoccupied , a typical one weighs just over 1,800 pounds ; a Ford Explorer , by contrast , clocks in at about 4,500 pounds . Authorities have launched a felony vandalism investigation since the first calls came in around 1 a.m. Monday , said Shyy . The police spokesman said witnesses identified the culprits as six to eight individuals dressed in black . If they end up convicted , they could be facing jail time and a felony . Authorities have n't identified any suspects yet , and the fact the flippings took place in residential areas -- where surveillance video is n't likely -- makes the investigation a challenge . Florence Dabokemp , a San Francisco resident and Smart car driver , speculates people simply acting out are to blame . And while she has n't been victimized , Dabokemp says she 's not sure what she 'd do if that did happen . "  I would be out of luck , " she told KRON . "  I would be out of a car , because I could n't afford to fix it . "	Police got first reports early Monday that 4 Smart cars had been tossed It all happened within a residential area of San Francisco Authorities do n't have a motive , nor has anyone been arrested
CNN  -- It 's a revolutionary decree . In the midst of the fight against Islamist rebels seeking to turn the clock back to the 7th century , a Kurdish region in Syria has just approved a new law ordering equality for women . Take that , ISIS ! The status of women has become one of the ideological battlegrounds in the fierce war between the self-described Islamic State and the Kurdish defenders , who have received air support from the United States . With the defiant decree by the small canton , the Kurds are doubling down , staking out a position as the stalwarts of modernity , not intimidated by opponents whose brutality has caused other armies to flee . The change is not just symbolic . It is a real transformation in the legal status of women . The timing of the decree is not accidental , and it is certainly brazen . It is a shot across the ideological bow of Islamists who have made a concerted push to spread their so-called caliphate 's views throughout the Muslim world . And it is also a message to the West . The Kurds are tacitly saying "  Look at us . We are the ones who share your ideas about human rights and equality . We are the ones in this many-sided conflict that deserves your support . " The decree was issued by the Jazira district of Syria 's Hasakeh province , about 100 miles from the now-legendary town of Kobani , where armed Kurdish men and women are holding their positions , battling to prevent the ultra-radical Islamic State , also known as ISIS , from overrunning their territory . Kurdish-majority provinces in northern Syria declared self-rule in 2013 as the rest of Syria exploded into civil war . The Kurds , an ethnic Muslim minority spread mostly across Iraq , Syria , Turkey and Iran , have faced repression and have fought for independence . Although women have been a part of Kurdish fighting forces since long before ISIS swept across Syria and Iraq , women have fought for full equality . In remote , rural areas , conservative practices have remained the norm . But the new rules in the Jazira district call for equal pay and equal inheritance rights . Until now , women were not allowed to inherit . They also declare the testimony of a woman in court equally valuable as that of a man . In addition , the rule establishes maternity leave for women and , importantly , it mandates that no woman be married without her own consent , and never under the age of 18 . The contrast could not be sharper . ISIS has engaged in the systematic rape of women , and even young girls have been handed off as "  wives " as a reward for militants . The Islamic State has published online articles declares that capturing and selling women as slaves is an acceptable , even beneficial practice . And while ISIS labels anyone who does n't share its radical religious interpretation as an infidel or an apostate , subject to execution , the Kurds of Jazira says their rules on full equality will apply to everyone in their ethnically-mixed district . ISIS already occupies about one-third of Hasakeh , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . In areas under ISIS rule , women are required to cover completely and may not leave their homes without a male relative . Still , ISIS , too , claims it empowers women . Like the Kurds , ISIS has also established all-women brigades , complete with weapons . But their role is diametrically different from that of Kurdish women . The ISIS female brigades serve many purposes . They help undercut the notion that women are less free under their Islamist rule and they help encourage new recruits . They also serve important practical functions . The women 's battalions also help in body searches , preventing men dressed as women from moving through checkpoints . Then there is the more disturbing aspect of the ISIS all-women brigades . They act as the enforcers of the rules that oppress women . They check adherence to the dress code , for example . They are the morality police , and their principal job is to implement the day to day oppression of women . There are reports of armed women stopping girls in the street , quizzing them on their knowledge of Islam and of ISIS rules . It 's a long way from the role of female Kurds fighters , who are an integral part of the military force . In Kobani , about a third of the warriors are women . One of the top commanders is a woman . Their job is to do battle , to defend the city . To be sure , the Kurds do n't have a perfect record on the treatment of women . Honor killings , female genital mutilation and domestic violence have plagued their communities . In the autonomous Kurdish region of northern Iraq , the government has outlawed the practices , but they have proven difficult to eradicate . Still , the Kurds are comparatively more modern than many of their neighbors . And the pressure from ISIS may just be moving them even farther along the road to equality . For women defending their territory , it is a delightful irony .	Frida Ghitis : Kurdish region in Syria approved new law ordering equality for women Move shows ideological battleground between ISIS , which enslaves women , and Kurds Ghitis says it 's message to West on human rights and equality , to encourage West 's support Ghitis : Battle against ISIS helping Kurdish women achieve equality
EW.com  -- ABC News President David Westin will resign his post after 13 years of service . He sent an email to staffers Monday that said while "  we 've put in place news anchors on all of our programs " over the last nine months , the division also "  went through a very difficult transformation made necessary by changes in our business and its economics . " One news report says that Westin , 58 , had a long-running feud with parent company Disney over making the division more profitable . Though ABC News has made significant gains over the last year -- Diane Sawyer has maintained respectable ratings on World News while Nightline has managed to flourish in late night opposite the talk shows -- it continues to rank No. 2 behind NBC in the mornings and evenings . Westin joined the division in March of 1997 and will remain its chief through the end of the year while ABC/Disney TV Group President Anne Sweeney finds a replacement . Sweeney released this statement Monday : "  For the past 13 years , David Westin has proved himself a tireless advocate for ABC News , effectively guiding the group through some of the most seismic industry , and divisional , changes imaginable . During that time , he helped reinvent our news organization , and positioned us for great success going forward . I 'm certain David will be as successful in whatever future endeavors he chooses to pursue . I will be announcing a new President of ABC News in the near future . " CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	After 13 years of service , ABC News President David Westin will resign his post One news report says that Westin had a long-running feud with parent company Disney ABC continues to rank No. 2 behind NBC in the mornings and evenings
Esquire  -- You ca n't learn charisma . The power of influence is one of the most unique powers that you can have . It 's not the power of controlling people . It 's developing a certain skill of communicating what you want to accomplish so that people will follow you . Be a public servant . Not a party servant . I did n't get it at first . I 'll be back . What the f -- is I 'll ? I will be back sounded much stronger in my mind . So I argued with Jim Cameron . And he said , "  Look , Arnold , I do n't tell you how to act . Please do n't tell me how to write . " After I saw it in the movie , I was so thankful to Cameron . That was a good lesson to learn . If someone is a good writer , stick to the script . I would always write down my New Year 's resolutions and mark them off the way I mark off sets and reps. On New Year 's Eve , you can just blabber out : I want to lose twenty pounds and I 'm gon na read more . But what does that mean ? There 's too many variables there . If you 're really serious about it , then write down when you 're gon na lose the twenty pounds by . Is it March 1 ? Is it June 1 ? Make a commitment . The day is twenty-four hours . I sleep six hours . That leaves eighteen hours to do something . My father was a country police officer . All he knew was discipline , performance , and work  $ " not wasting your time . He came from an era where everything was scarce , so everything had to be useful . That 's why he was so against bodybuilding . He saw it as narcissistic . His belief was that you build your muscles by chopping wood or shoveling coal , doing something with your body that benefits someone else . But it was from him that I got my work ethic . The Most Inspiring CEOs in America In the early days of immigration , they just shortened the foreign name . They did whatever they wanted with it . But in Hollywood , there was something else : It had to sound cool . You know , John Wayne . That sounded American , powerful . Charles Bronson . Those are great names . But Arnold Schwarzen ... ag ... ager ? Ager ? Acner ? What is this ? No one could pronounce it . So early on , they tried to convince me to turn it into Arnold Strong . But eventually the idea became : If someone has a difficult time remembering your name , they will also have a difficult time forgetting it . Let me show you how far we 've come with our fitness crusade : When I came to the United States in the sixties , no one ever thought that one day every hotel would have a gymnasium . Back then , people thought if you did weights you would get muscle-bound and die of a heart attack or become gay or an idiot . People thought weights would always be in dungeons . Now they 're in hospitals . Now even golfers use weights . When you get older , sex may change a bit . When you 're sixty-five , it 's not exactly the same as when you were twenty-five . But that does n't mean it 's over . It 's never over . It was one of my early goals to be a millionaire . In the beginning , I wanted to have a gold Rolex , a Rolls-Royce , a cheetah  $ " just stupid things that you think of when you 're a kid . Then time goes by . The Rolls-Royce thing went out the window , because when you get to the level where you can afford one , all of a sudden you say , "  It 's a little bit over the top . " A cheetah ? I think in California they got rid of the law that says you can have wild animals . Having a cheetah is a stupid idea . The Best Dressed Men of 2012 In Europe , everyone is in your way . The government is in your way . The law is in your way . I mean , when my friend and I wanted to go start a bricklaying business here , we went down to city hall and got a business license . No one asked : What kind of school did you go to to learn bricklaying ? Do you have any certificates that show you graduated from your trade school ? Here , it 's go out and make it . Just make sure you pay your taxes . I always tell my accountant , If you 're in doubt about taxes , pay more . No Cayman Island offshore investments . No gimmicks . I love paying my taxes ! Saving money on tips is nonsense . Give 20 or 25 percent . Wise investments are where the action is . The Top 100 TV Shows Of The Year I remember when I went into politics , the legislature wanted to create a blueberry commission . Who 's gon na say no to a blueberry commission ? Well , I said no . I thought they should fix the budget before they do the f ------ blueberry commission . Politicians admire the military people who go to Iraq and risk their lives . Well , how about having just 10 percent of that courage ? We must teach the future leaders that political courage is not political suicide . Peace would solve a lot of problems . See the original article here . Reprinted with permission of Hearst Communications , Inc. .	Schwarzenegger : "  Having a cheetah is a stupid idea " "  The day is twenty-four hours . I sleep six hours . That leaves eighteen hours to do something " "  I love paying my taxes "
London  CNN  -- Prince William and Kate Middleton will go on a royal tour of Canada in June and July , his office announced Wednesday . It will be the first official foreign trip for the couple after they marry in April . They will visit Alberta , the Northwest Territories , Prince Edward Island , Quebec and the National Capital Region between June 30 and July 8 , Clarence House said . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper had extended the invitation for the tour upon hearing of the couple 's engagement . "  Canada is delighted that Prince William and Miss Catherine Middleton will be travelling to Canada as they embark on their first overseas tour as a married couple . " Harper said . "  Canada looks forward to welcoming the young couple this summer and providing them with all that our country has to offer -- including , of course , the special hospitality and warmth reserved for members of the Royal Family . " Canada is seen as a safe bet for a royal debut as a married couple . Queen Elizabeth II , William 's grandmother , remarked on her trip to Canada last year that for the royals , the country is a "  home away from home . " William is second in line to the British throne . The timing of the visit means they will not be attending the wedding of Prince Albert of Monaco on July 2 . CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	The trip is the first to be announced for after the couple marries in April They 'll travel across much of Canada over the course of nine days
LONDON , England  CNN  -- An ill-tempered CONCACAF Gold Cup match between Mexico and Panama recently saw three players and Mexico coach Javier Aguirre sent off amid violent scenes in Houston , Texas . Newcastle teammates Lee Bowyer  left  and Kieron Dyer turn against one-another . The 1-1 draw , which saw the referee add on 10 minutes at the end for all the various stoppages , got Fanzone thinking about some of the most controversial match melees that have occurred . Do you agree with our worst 11 ? Post your comments in the Sound Off box below . 1 The Battle of Santiago , Chile v Italy , World Cup 1962 Surely the most violent match in history . The tone was set when the first foul was committed after 12 seconds . Two Italian players were sent off as the teams spent the whole 90 minutes punching , spitting and scuffling with each other , with Chile managing to score two goals in-between the fighting . Police had to come onto the pitch three times to sort out the chaos while Italian Giorgio Ferrini had to be escorted off by armed officers when he refused to leave the pitch after his dismissal . Referee Ken Aston remarked : "  I was n't reffing a football match , I was acting as an umpire in military maneuvers . " 2 Valencia v Inter Milan , Champions League 2007 Six yellow cards were handed out during the game , but it was events that followed which marred Valencia 's passage through to the quarterfinals . On the final whistle , Inter midfielder Nicolas Burdisso came together with Valencia defender Carlos Marchena , sparking a brawl . Unused Valencia substitute David Navarro then ran onto the field , to join in - the result of which was a broken nose for Burdisso . Navarro , retreated to the sidelines chased and kicked by Inter players Julio Cruz , Ivan Cordoba . The melee continued in the tunnel , with the Spanish Civil Guard eventually needed to quell the problem . UEFA , European football 's governing body , subsequently fined Navarro $ 200,000 and banned the player for eight games , Burdisso was slapped with an eight-match suspension , Maicon for six , Crdoba for three games and Julio Cruz for two . 3 Turkey v Switzerland , World Cup play-off 2006 Violence erupted after Turkey missed a place in the 2006 finals after going out on the away goals rule following a 4-2 win in Istanbul . Players and technical staff were seen throwing punches in the tunnel as the Swiss side ran for their lives against a torrent of Turkish anger . Turkey assistant-coach Mehmet Ozdilek was banned from all football for one year , while two Turkish players , and one Swiss , were handed six-match bans . Turkey were also ordered to play their next six competitive home matches behind closed doors at neutral venues . Have we missed a famous punch-up out ? Leave your suggestions below 4 Manchester United v Arsenal , English Division One 1990 These two rivals have been involved in some juicy encounters over the years , but this is one of the most infamous . Arsenal defender Nigel Winterburn went in late on Manchester United 's Denis Irwin prompting chaos , as 21 players , with Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman proving the exception , joining in the fracas . Remarkably nobody was sent off but the English Football Association took a dim view and deducted Arsenal two league points and United one . Arsenal won the match 1-0 and still went on to lift the title . 5 France v Italy , World Cup final 2006 The great Zinedine Zidane had led an unfancied and ageing French side to the World Cup final . With the match level in extra time , the attentions of notorious Italian hard-man and chief agitator Marco Materazzi finally proved too much for the France No. 10 - who responded to some choice words by the Inter Milan central defender by turning around and viciously head-butting his rival in the stomach . Zidane was sent off . France eventually lost on penalties and the Real Madrid playmaker bizarrely went on to be voted ` Player of the Tournament ' . 6 Kevin Keegan v Billy Bremner , Liverpool v Leeds Charity Shield 1974 England striker Keegan blamed Bremner for "  taking him out " in an off the ball . Bremner was not one for holding back and Wembley stadium , home of some famous boxing matches over the years , played host to another as these two diminutive players slugged it out like two featherweights challenging for the WBC world title . Unsurprisingly both were sent off and added to their charge list by hurling their tops to the ground and walking off the pitch bare-chested . Each player was fined # 500  $ 810  and banned for 11 games , although shirt-throwing accounted for eight of the matches ! 7 Rudi Voeller v Frank Rijkaard , Netherlands v Germany World Cup 1990 Not the most violent , but certainly one of the funniest . The pair were sniping at each other throughout the match . Rijkaard came in late on Voeller , who later took his revenge with a lunge on goalkeeper Hans van Breukelen . Rijkaard took exception and , after a melee , the pair were sent off , with the Dutchman then notoriously spitting as hard as he could into the German 's curly perm as the disgraced pair left the pitch . 8 Lee Bowyer v Kieron Dyer , Newcastle v Aston Villa English Premier League 2005 Punch-ups are rare in modern football , but between teammates they are non-existent . These two hot-heads got into a debate over Dyer 's refusal to pass Bowyer the ball . Both players had made news for their off-field activities in the past - but they took their behavior to a new low when they exchanged blows in the middle of the Newcastle half soon after Villa had gone 3-0 up . The pair later appeared alongside manager Graeme Souness to apologize for their conduct , but pointedly did not say sorry to each other . 9 LDU Quito v Barcelona , Ecuador league 2006 A mass brawl at the end of the match on the final day of the season shocked Ecuador - and resulted in a host of suspensions being handed out . A total of 11 players were banned for between two and 12 months for taking part in the punch-up which saw four Barcelona players receive injuries . The incident started with a clash between former Ecuador striker Agustin Delgado and his marker Victor Montoya . 10 Cruzeiro v Atletico Mineiro Brazilian league 2007 Atletico Mineiro defender Coelho did not take kindly to the seal dribble of talented teenager Kerlon - who collected the ball on the edge of the penalty area , flicked it up and performed his trademark dribble by bouncing the ball on his head as he ran towards goal . Coelho crashed into him and was given a straight red card and a four-month suspension . Other Atletico players remonstrated angrily with Kerlon , leading to an angry pushing match which interrupted the game for five minutes . Atletico coach Emerson Leao warned that Kerlon could get seriously injured if he tried the trick again . 11 Chelsea v Arsenal English League Cup final 2007 With Chelsea winning 2-1 Arsenal defender Kolo Toure reacted angrily to a late challenge . Both sides had a number of African players in their line-ups and a mass brawl erupted which saw three of them , Arsenal 's Emmanuel Adebayor , Toure and Chelsea 's John Obi Mikel sent off . Adebayor refused to leave the pitch and it needed respective managers - the hot-headed pair of Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho - to stride onto the turf and defuse the situation .	Football Fanzone presents a rundown of 11 infamous pitch punch-ups The tension of competition has even seen teammates turn against one-another Let us know what you think by commenting in the Sound Off box
CNN  On April 20 , 2010 , a final cement seal of an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico failed , causing what has been called the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history and taking the lives of 11 rig workers . For 87 straight days , oil and methane gas spewed from an uncapped wellhead , 1 mile below the surface of the ocean . The federal government estimated 4.2 million barrels of oil spilled into the Gulf , but BP argued in court that it was much lower . A judge ruled BP was responsible for the release of 3.1 million barrels . Imagining Daddy : A rig worker 's daughter and her dreams There were dire predictions of what would follow . Environmentalists and others braced for an environmental collapse on a massive scale . Scientists continue to study environmental impacts , but five years after the spill , the long-term negative effects remain unclear and are , in many cases , highly disputed . BP , the company that caused the spill , is eager to point out it appears the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself . BP 's vice president of communications , Geoff Morrell , said there is no doubt birds , fish , turtles , sub-sea vegetation and even sediment species were all affected in the immediate aftermath of the spill . Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com . "  There 's no question about that , " Morrell said . "  But they have also , according to the data , bounced back and are recovering strongly . " "  And there is no data that suggests there are any long-term population-level impacts to any species . " While BP 's assessment has not been disproven , the government suggests it 's too soon to make long-term conclusions about the rebounding health of the Gulf . Shortly after BP released its own five-year report that concluded the Gulf has largely recovered , the trustees of the Natural Resource Damage Assessment called BP 's report "  inappropriate as well as premature . " The trustees , a collection of government agencies tasked with determining the extent of the damage from the Macondo spill , released a statement , saying , "  We know that the environmental effects of this spill are likely to last for generations . " One government official familiar with the trustee 's assessment accused BP of having "  cherry-picked " positive results while ignoring others , something BP denies . Most long-term scientific studies on environmental disasters take longer than the five years that have passed . Studies so far have shown a variety of negative impacts on wildlife immediately after the spill , but others show some of those species are bouncing back . Fish landings in the Gulf , the amount of fish caught by the fishing industry , have returned . Oysters are also recovering in many areas . And according to the Food and Drug Administration , tests on edible seafood show no excess hydrocarbons in the region 's food supply . The spill 's effects on other species are less clear . Dolphins are dying at an accelerated rate along the Gulf Coast , and even more so in Louisiana where the oil hit the hardest . But the dolphin "  mortality event , " as the government calls it , began months before the spill . Studies suggest the diseases dolphins suffer from in places like Barataria Bay , Louisiana , could be caused by oil exposure , but direct links to the 2010 Macondo spill have not been proven . Seaside sparrows in the Gulf are also showing signs of strain , and some studies cite oil as contributing to reductions in their overall abundance . While aerial surveys taken in 2010 suggest tens of thousands of sea turtles were exposed to oil in coastal waters , government agencies are still gathering data and have not concluded if the spill will have long-term effects on sea turtle populations . But perhaps the greatest unknown is what , if anything , millions of gallons of oil on the deep seafloor are doing to the overall environment of the Gulf itself . Oceanographers have been tracking the residue from the Macondo well as it has settled on the bottom of the ocean . Mandy Joye , an oceanographer with the University of Georgia , has used underwater robots to capture soil samples and run tests to determine just how far the oil has traveled . Her research and other studies show BP 's oil is scattered in patches across more than 1,200 square miles of the seafloor . According to Joye 's study the oil residue exists in thin layers in some areas of the seafloor and thick pockets in others . Joye is trying to determine how the oil deposited on the seafloor -- estimated to be about 10 million gallons -- affects the microbial community of organisms that exists in the deepwater ocean . "  That stuff 's not going to stay put . It 's going to move around , " Joye said . She said that right now , there is just no way to tell if it will have an impact . "  There 's so much that we do n't know , " Joye said . BP does n't accept the results of Joye 's work . The company said its oil is all accounted for and only exists in two places : within a 2 kilometer area around the wellhead and in tar mats and tar balls that have yet to be cleaned up on the beach . And according to BP 's Morrell , the oil and residue that remains is no longer harmful . "  So much time has passed that it no longer has any toxicity and is therefore not a threat to humans or aquatic life , " Morrell said . Ocean conservationist Philippe Cousteau witnessed much of the spill 's aftermath in 2010 , but when he returned to the Gulf to dive near an oil rig last month , he was astonished by the abundance of amberjacks , hammerhead sharks and other marine life he saw . During the same trip , however , Cousteau spotted a mother dolphin trying to revive a dead calf . It is unknown if its death had anything to do with the oil . Cousteau commended the progress community groups and restoration projects have made since the spill , but he said he believes it 's far too early to say the Gulf is back and the oil is gone . "  It is still in many cases in the sand , along the shoreline , in the marshes , " Cousteau said , "  and existing on a microscopic scale that we may not be able to see with the naked eye . " CNN 's David Matthews contributed to this report .	April 20 marks 5 years since the BP oil spill At the time , there were dire predictions for the environment Today , it is still too soon to know the long-term impact
Paris , France  CNN  -- The French Senate approved Tuesday a law banning any veils that cover the face -- including the burqa , the full-body covering worn by some Muslim women -- making France the first European country to plan such a measure . The law passed by a vote of 246 to 1 , with about 100 abstentions coming essentially from left-leaning politicians . The legislation was overwhelmingly approved by the lower house of parliament in July and will go into effect next spring . French people back the ban by a margin of more than four to one , the Pew Global Attitudes Project found in a survey earlier this year . Some 82 percent of people polled approved of a ban , while 17 percent disapproved . That was the widest support the Washington-based think tank found in any of the five countries it surveyed . Clear majorities also backed burqa bans in Germany , Britain and Spain , while two out of three Americans opposed it , the survey found . A panel of French lawmakers recommended a ban last year , and lawmakers unanimously passed a non-binding resolution in May calling the full-face veil contrary to the laws of the nation . "  Given the damage it produces on those rules which allow the life in community , ensure the dignity of the person and equality between sexes , this practice , even if it is voluntary , can not be tolerated in any public place , " the French government said when it sent the measure to parliament in May . The law imposes a fine of 150 euros  $ 190  and/or a citizenship course as punishment for wearing a face-covering veil . Forcing a woman to wear a niqab or a burqa will be punishable by a year in prison or a 15,000-euro  $ 19,000  fine , the government said , calling it "  a new form of enslavement that the republic can not accept on its soil . " The French Council of State has warned that the ban could be incompatible with international human rights laws and the country 's own constitution . The council advises on laws , but the government is not required to follow its recommendations . The ban pertains to the burqa , a full-body covering that includes a mesh over the face , and the niqab , a full-face veil that leaves an opening only for the eyes . The hijab , which covers the hair and neck but not the face , and the chador , which covers the body but not the face , apparently are not banned by the law . However , a 2004 law in France bans the wearing or displaying of overt religious symbols in schools -- including the wearing of headscarves by schoolgirls . The Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life estimates that France has about 3.5 million Muslims , or about 6 percent of the population . France does not keep its own statistics on religious affiliation of the population , in keeping with its laws requiring the state to be strictly secular . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : The law will go into effect next spring and impose a fine of $ 190 for violations The ban passed the lower house of the French parliament by a huge majority A poll this year showed French people overwhelmingly favor a ban France has about 3.5 million Muslims
CNN  -- After more than seven hours of deliberations , jurors still have n't decided whether Jodi Arias will live or die . The Arizona jury sent out a note Wednesday morning saying its members could n't agree . Judge Sherry Stephens told them to try again and ordered them back into the jury room . It was another unexpected turn in the dramatic , high-profile murder trial , which has lasted for months , sparked a media frenzy and drawn spectators who line up for courtroom seats . Earlier this month , the same jurors took less than two hours to decide that Arias was "  exceptionally cruel " in 2008 when she stabbed ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander 29 times , slit his neck from ear to ear and shot him in the face . They pronounced her guilty of first-degree murder two weeks ago after 15 hours of deliberations . Now , the jury is weighing whether Arias , 32 , should get the death penalty . After jurors told Stephens they were stuck on Wednesday , the judge encouraged them to listen to each other , pinpoint areas of agreement and disagreement and ask for further guidance if they need it . It 's an approach often described as a "  dynamite charge , " used by judges to blast open logjams in deliberations and help jurors reach a verdict . It 's unclear whether her advice worked . After Stephens ordered them to continue their discussions , jurors deliberated for more than four more hours , then went home for the day . The jury 's decision must be unanimous for Arias to be sentenced to death . In the case of a deadlock , a new jury would be chosen for this phase of the trial . A plea for mercy A path of heartbreak , violence , lies and confessions has led Arias to the Phoenix courtroom where her life is now in a jury 's hands . On Tuesday , she pleaded with jurors to spare her . It was a stark reversal from two weeks ago , when she told a journalist she preferred death to life in prison . "  I believe death is the ultimate freedom , so I 'd rather just have my freedom as soon as I can get it , " she told KSAZ shortly after her conviction . But her family implored her to change her mind , she told KSAZ late Tuesday . Now she wants to spare them further heartbreak , she said . "  One of my cousins really drove it home for me and told me how much it would affect them , if I did anything to myself , " she said . Her mother pleaded with her , she claimed . "  Please do n't give up ; please do n't give up , " Arias said she told her . Have n't been following the trial ? Read this Well-planned presentation Her life seemed to pass before her , as she delivered a slideshow presentation -- mostly of family photos -- to the jury on Tuesday . It started off with pictures of her as a toddler wearing pigtails and showed several images from holidays and vacations with family members . She read a prepared statement for nearly 20 minutes , at times crying . Arias told jurors that she had been a victim of abuse as an adult and as a child . She had claimed she killed Alexander in self-defense after he hurt her , something evidence failed to substantiate . She called his murder "  the worst mistake " she 'd ever made , "  the worst thing I 've ever done . " She could n't have imagined herself capable of such a grisly crime , Arias told the jury . "  But I know that I was , " she said . "  And for that I 'm going to be sorry for the rest of my life -- probably longer . " Arias pledged to make herself useful to other prisoners and humanity by performing acts of charity from behind bars , if spared . She told jurors Tuesday that she could teach people to read in prison and pledged to dedicate her life to good causes . She noted she could bring "  people together in a constructive and positive way " by participating in various programs , including prisoner literacy initiatives ; by her "  Survivor " T-shirts , which would benefit victims of domestic violence ; and by donating her hair , so it could be used to make wigs for sick children . She showed the jurors several pieces of her artwork . She told them she would suffer for what she did . "  I 'm not going to become a mother because of my own terrible choices , " she said . "  I wo n't be at my sister 's wedding , when she ties the knot next year . " Attorneys argue life and death Defense attorney Jennifer Willmott argued Tuesday that Arias ' life should be spared . "  We 're not talking about whether or not to convict . We 're talking about whether or not to kill . And so when we talk about that , it matters that she was 27 years old and she had no criminal history , " she said . "  It matters that she had n't done anything wrong in her life before that . " Prosecutor Juan Martinez said pointing to Arias ' artwork as evidence that her life should be spared was n't a valid defense . "  It 's an entitlement road that they want you to travel when they talk to you about the fact that she 's a good artist , " he said . "  It does n't mean anything . All it means is : give her special or preferential treatment . " He argued that jurors should sentence Arias to death . "  You have a duty , and that duty really means that you actually do the honest , right thing , even though it may be difficult , " he said . If Arias is given a sentence of death , she would be the fourth woman on death row in the state of Arizona . When Alexander died Arias was living in Yreka , California , when she met Alexander at a business convention in Las Vegas in September 2006 . That November , he baptized Arias into the Mormon faith , a ceremony Arias said was followed by anal sex . Arias became his girlfriend two months later , she testified . They broke up in the summer of 2007 , and Alexander began dating other women . Alexander 's naked body was found crammed in a stand-up shower in June 2008 after he missed two appointments , prompting friends to go to his house . He had been stabbed 29 times in the back and torso and shot in the head . His throat was slit . After her arrest , Arias told an elaborate lie about masked intruders breaking into Alexander 's house and killing him before she narrowly escaped . Relatives who spoke with police described her as mentally unstable . HLNTV.com : Friend of Arias tweeting on her behalf HLN 's Graham Winch and In Session 's Grace Wong contributed to this report .	NEW : The jury has gone home for the day ; they 've deliberated for more than seven hours After jurors say they 're stuck , a judge offers suggestions , sends them back to deliberations They are weighing whether Jodi Arias should receive the death penalty Arias pleads for her life , saying she could make a difference in prison
CNN  -- Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah repeated his stance that Israel was behind the killing of Lebanon 's former prime minister six years ago and slammed the U.N.-backed court for sowing discord in Lebanon . "  The tribunal was established for an obvious political goal , and no one is allowed to investigate Israel , " he said on Lebanese TV Saturday , explaining his position on the Special Tribunal for Lebanon 's indictments in connection with the 2005 attack , which left Rafik Hariri and 22 others dead . "  Instead of investigating with Israel , they cooperated with Israel . " The tribunal submitted to Lebanese authorities a sealed indictment and arrest warrants this week for an unknown number of suspects . A highly placed source in the Lebanese Army told CNN the four include Mustafa Badreddine , Hasan Oneisa , Salim Ayyah and Asad Sabra -- all Hezbollah members . Many Lebanese believe the killing revolved around the controversies over Syria 's role in Lebanon , occupied at the time by Syrian troops , and the Damascus government 's strong political influence in Lebanon . Many Lebanese believe Hariri wanted the Syrians to withdraw from Lebanon and lessen Syria 's influence , and many suspect that Syria and its ally Hezbollah went after Hariri because of his stance on this issue . Hezbollah is a Shiite political faction in Lebanon that provides social services to its constituents . It has long been regarded as a terrorist organization by the United States and as an ally of Iran . It has had longstanding animosity toward the tribunal , based on the expectation that some of its members would be indicted as conspirators in Hariri 's assassination . Nasrallah has accused the group 's arch-enemy Israel of the assassination . Nasrallah also criticized the Special Tribunal for Lebanon , which issued the indictments , for sowing discord . "  We can not cancel the tribunal because the tribunal was created by the U.N. Security Council that is ruled by the American will , " he told viewers of al-Manar , the Lebanese TV station affiliated with Hezbollah . "  The most dangerous goal of this tribunal is to create strife , a civil war in Lebanon , or especially a division between the Sunni and Shiite in Lebanon . " A U.N. source familiar with the tribunal said the people indicted include alleged perpetrators on the ground . Badreddine -- who is the brother-in-law of Imad Mughniyeh , a former Hezbollah commander who was assassinated in Syria in 2008 -- is reported to be a member of Hezbollah 's advisory council . Two additional lists of indictments are expected later this summer and are expected to include the organizers and planners of the attack , the U.N. source said . Those suspected connections of Hezbollah and the Syrian government to the killing have raised tensions in the country , stoking fears of sectarian conflict erupting in the ethnically and religiously diverse nation , which endured a civil war from 1975 to 1990 . Syria had thousands of troops in Lebanon and great influence in the country until mass protests after Hariri 's assassination , known as the Cedar Revolution , forced their withdrawal . Syria has denied any involvement in the assassination . Another result of the anger toward the attack was the creation of the tribunal . The United Nations and the Lebanese Republic negotiated an agreement on the establishment of the body , based in the Netherlands .	Hezbollah 's Nasrallah : "  No one is allowed to investigate Israel " Four Hezbollah members were indicted in connection with the killing , a source told CNN Nasrallah says the court 's goal is to sow Sunni-Shiite division
CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's recent speech to the U.S. Congress has received disproportionate media attention across the world : the leader of America 's most important client state in the Middle East defies the reservations of the White House , abusing Congress as a platform for his Israeli election campaign . Disregarding Israel 's already strained bilateral relations with the United States , Netanyahu readily risked the consequences of humiliating the Obama administration in exchange for less than an hour of political self-manifestation -- typical for a man who is domestically known to be not much of a statesman . Netanyahu is a charismatic speaker and a passionate Israel-advocate , however , his personal and political interests have always taken precedence over serving Israel 's national interests . Political survival has been the maxim of his domestic and foreign policies . Netanyahu joins a long list of Israeli politicians overwhelmed by the plurality and polarization of domestic public opinion . So far he has been just another Israeli leader seeking "  easy " short-term answers to fundamentally strategic problems , thereby further protracting an already protracted conflict . As a puppet of ideological , conservative playmakers who whole-heartedly reject a two-state solution , Netanyahu has been held hostage by the likes of Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman and Economy Minister Naftali Bennett who pursue a discriminatory policy of sectarian segregation intending to contain Palestinian public dissidence through mere coercion . Consequently , Netanyahu 's foreign policy vis--vis the peace process has been a disaster . He took over from Ehud Olmert and Tzipi Livni -- two politicians who at least believed in a two-state solution and were ready to make sacrifices to keep the peace process alive . Israeli leaders typically fall into two categories : those who believe in peace and those that have the power to make peace . Olmert was the former , and Netanyahu long seemed like he could become the latter . In reality , however , Netanyahu is neither . He has given in to a toxic form of Jewish nationalism , disregarded Israel 's relatively good regional position vis--vis its otherwise-occupied Arab neighbors ; he has continued to build settlements out of spite , thought of ever new preconditions for bilateral negotiations with the Palestinians and waged a ruthless war against Gaza without a clear strategic endgame -- a war that was lost militarily and in terms of international reputation . Apart from the tragic effects of Netanyahu 's policy on the peace process , his stubbornness has alienated allies in Europe and Washington . While the Arab world has been widely apathetic about the Israel-Palestinian issue amid regional disintegration , partners on both sides of the Atlantic have tried to facilitate the revitalization of constructive peace talks . Yet , Netanyahu chose to ignore external initiatives , retracting to a Jewish nationalist rhetoric founded on security paranoia , self-victimization and the illusion of Israeli autarky in security and defense . As a consequence , Israel 's foreign relations with its most important strategic partners have noticeably cooled . Obama 's Middle Eastern focus has shifted from the Israel/Palestinian issue to a rapprochement with Iran . European lawmakers are considering recognizing Palestinian statehood despite Israeli objections . More importantly , many traditionally pro-Israel Western publics have turned their back on the Jewish state . Younger generations in particular refuse to accept the narrative that shaped their parental generation : Israel as the David in a fight against Goliath . Israel 's monopoly on victimhood has been undermined by an inflexible , uncompromising short-minded policy towards a Palestinian people under occupation whose narrative of victimhood increasingly finds attentive ears in the West . At first sight , then , the prospect of four more years of Netanyahu , does not sound too promising -- at least in regards to the peace process . At a closer look , however , a continuation of Netanyahu 's policies might actually help the Palestinian cause . His implicit rejection of the two-state solution ; his prioritization of short-term security over sustainable security solutions ; his pursuit of a toxic Jewish nationalist agenda justifying an intensification of sectarianism between Israel and the Occupied Territories as well as within Israel , are all factors that will leave Israel increasingly isolated . His Israel-first narrative might win Netanyahu votes within a highly polarized electorate that in recent years has become more and more right-wing amid a top-down constructed climate of fear . Hamas ' and Hezbollah 's mid-tech missile capability , Syria 's socio-political disintegration and subsequent rise of Islamist non-state actors , have been used by the Netanyahu government to create an Arab bogyman ostensibly threatening the Jewish state 's very existence -- a new bogyman coexisting side-by-side with Netanyahu 's "  favorite " bogeyman , Iran . Despite Netanyahu 's pre-occupation with security , the derailment of the peace process has not been much of a topic during the campaign so far . If Netanyahu receives another mandate on Tuesday , Israel will be further driven into the international offside , pressure from the West will increase and thereby the Palestinian cause will receive ever more attention and support from policymakers and publics across the world . Netanyahu has become somewhat of a villain in the West -- an untrustworthy , short-sighted politician who in comparison to his counterparts in Ramallah appears to lack the willingness to compromise , cooperate and empathize . Thus , while another term of Bibi will not be in the national interest of Israel , it will very likely serve the Palestinian interests .	Political survival has been maxim of Netanyahu 's domestic and foreign policies , says Andreas Krieg Krieg : Netanyahu 's foreign policy vis--vis the peace process has been disaster New term for Netanyahu will not be in national interest of Israel , it will serve Palestinian interests , Krieg adds
CNN  -- Dani Pedrosa edged out world champion Casey Stoner to take pole for the French MotoGP Saturday . Pedrosa was 0.303 seconds faster than his Honda teammate and the pair were the only two riders under the one minute 34 seconds mark at Le Mans . Spain 's Pedrosa broke his collarbone last season -- leaving him to miss several races -- but he was back to his best in a qualifying session which started in wet conditions and ended in the dry . It was his 20th MotoGP pole and he will be looking for his 16th victory Sunday . Italian Andrea Dovizioso was third fastest to join them on the front row on his Yamaha . Stoner shocks MotoGP with quit decision He relegated the works Yamaha pair of 2010 world champion Jorge Lorenzo and American Ben Spies onto the second row of the grid . Lorenzo and Spies are separated by Britain 's Cal Crutchlow , again impressing on his Yamaha . Italian legend Valentino Rossi produced his best qualifying performance of the season for seventh for Ducati . Rossi said this week he will continue racing for at least another season and is favored to replace Stoner when the Australian retires at the end of the season . Stoner made the shock announcement of his intentions earlier this week . He is leading this year 's title race from Lorenzo and Pedrosa .	Dani Pedrosa claims pole for the French MotGP Spaniard edges out Honda teammate Casey Stoner at Le Mans Title challenger Jorge Lorenzo on second row Italian legend Valentino Rossi seventh fastest on the Ducati
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt 's attorney general issued an order Monday freezing the assets of former President Hosni Mubarak and his family and prohibiting them from leaving the country . Attorney General Abdel Maguid Mahmoud ordered the moves after Mustafa Bakri , a member of Egypt 's parliament who lost his seat after filing corruption cases against various officials , provided documents indicating Mubarak 's family has secret bank accounts totaling more than 200 million Egyptian pounds  $ 147 million  , according to EgyNews . "  I submitted the corruption documents on Sunday night and on Monday morning I was called in by the public prosecutor for investigation , and he asked me to rush to his office . " Bakri told CNN . "  The attorney general , himself , went over the documents in my possession and then issued his orders to bar Mubarak and his family from travelling and to impound their assets . " Mahmoud ordered the freeze for property owned by Mubarak , his wife Suzanne , his two sons Alaa and Gamal Mubarak , and their wives and children , EgyNews reported . The seizures include "  movable properties , real estate , stocks , bonds and various financial assets . " It was n't immediately clear how the order differed from a similar one reported last week . Mubarak , through his attorneys and in official filings , has described reports of immense wealth as "  fabrications and baseless rumors . " But Bakri said the documents he provided to Mahmoud "  are the first solid and concrete evidence on the fortune collected illegally by Mubarak and his family . " Mubarak , who resigned February 11 after 18 days of protest against his rule , is believed to be staying at his residence in Sharm el-Sheikh . CNN 's Mustafa Al-Arab and Saad Abedine contributed to this report	NEW : Former lawmaker says documents he filed are "  solid and concrete " evidence of wrongdoing Egypt 's attorney general orders the assets of former President Mubarak and his family frozen Mubarak 's family is also prohibited from leaving the country Mubarak resigned February 11 after 18 days of protests against his rule
CNN  -- A voluntary recall of eggs because of salmonella fears reached 380 million eggs Wednesday , the Egg Safety Center said . Wright County Egg of Galt , Iowa , which announced an earlier recall last week , added several more batches and brands to the recall Wednesday afternoon . "  Wright County Egg is fully cooperating with FDA 's investigation by undertaking this voluntary recall , " the company said in a statement . "  Our primary concern is keeping salmonella out of the food supply and away from consumers . As a precautionary measure , Wright County Egg also has decided to divert its existing inventory of shell eggs from the recalled plants to a breaker , where they will be pasteurized to kill any salmonella bacteria present . " After an uptick in salmonella infections , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and the Food and Drug Administration traced the source and determined it was most likely eggs from Wright County Egg . The company says it is working to determine how the shell eggs are being contaminated . The new recall covers eggs branded as Albertsons , Farm Fresh , James Farms , Glenview , Mountain Dairy , Ralphs , Boomsma , Lund , Kemps and Pacific Coast and are marked with a three-digit code ranging from 136 to 229 and plant numbers 1720 and 1942 , the company said . The earlier recall covered the Lucerne , Albertsons , Mountain Dairy , Ralph 's , Boomsma 's , Sunshine , Hillandale , Trafficanda , Farm Fresh , Shoreland , Lund , Dutch Farms and Kemps brands and are marked with a three-digit code ranging from 136 to 225 and plant numbers 1026 , 1413 and 1946 . The plant number beings with "  P - " and is followed by the three-digit code . Both recalls affect eggs packed in several different sized cartons , from a half-dozen to 18-eggs . Only shell eggs are affected by the recall , the company said . Consumers are encouraged to return the eggs in their original packaging to where they were purchased for a full refund . Salmonella bacteria can be found inside and outside of eggs that appear to be normal .	Recall adds to recall announced last week Eggs are from Iowa 's Wright County Egg Company says it is cooperating with FDA investigation to find source
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Innovative music producer Phil Ramone , whose work with the major artists of the modern era won him 14 Grammys and prompted the nickname "  Pope of Pop , " died Saturday morning in a New York hospital , his son , Matt , told CNN . The family did not immediately provide a cause of death . Ramone was 79 , according to Billboard . "  What a great man , what a kind spirit , such an incredible producer , " said Stevie Wonder , calling Ramone "  the star of stars behind the stars . " "  Truly a tragic loss for us on earth but what a wonderful blessing for heaven . " Ramone 's collaboration credits are a Who 's Who of the music industry : Burt Bacharach , Bono , Ray Charles , Bob Dylan , Aretha Franklin , Quincy Jones , Madonna , Paul McCartney , Paul Simon and Frank Sinatra , to name a few . Many of them responded to Saturday 's news with sadness and praise . "  This is so shocking . I just performed for his tribute in December , " Franklin said in a statement . "  Truly one of the great names in music has gone on , but the melodies will remain . " Said Billy Joel : "  I always thought of Phil Ramone as the most talented guy in my band . ... The music world lost a giant today . " Barbra Streisand recalled working with Ramone in 1967 when she did a free concert in New York 's Central Park and noticed "  his brilliance at capturing sound , " she said . They worked on the film "  A Star is Born " and later the soundtrack to "  Yentl . " "  Phil had impeccable musical taste , great ears and the most gentle way of bringing out the best in all the artists he worked with , " Streisand said . "  The monumental recordings he produced will endure for all time . " From prodigy to producer A violin prodigy , Ramone began studying music at 3 . At 10 , he performed for Queen Elizabeth II . As he got older , though , his focus turned to helping others make the best music possible . He opened his own studio , New York 's A&R Recordings , and developed a friendship with Atlantic Records ' renowned engineer and producer , Tom Dowd . "  He was not only a great friend , but a mentor , " Ramone said in 2005 . " ... I owe him a tremendous amount . He shaped the way I worked . " There 's no question that Ramone made his own mark -- across most all types of music , embracing the old and the new . A board member of the Grammy Museum at the time of his death , he worked across all genres of music and served as chair of the board of trustees of The Recording Academy . Ramone 's collaboration with Ray Charles , Billy Joel and Paul Simon won a total of three album of the year awards , and Ramone won producer of the year  non-classical  in 1980 , The Recording Academy said . But he never confined himself to one genre . Take , for instance , his work in Broadway and off-Broadway productions , including "  Chicago " and "  The Wiz . " Then there are the songs and entire soundtracks he produced for films such as "  Flashdance , " "  Ghostbusters " and "  Midnight Cowboy . " And in television , he produced and supervised music for television specials such as the Oscars , Elton John at Radio City Music Hall , "  The Jim Henson Hour " and "  The Muppets at Walt Disney World . " ' A musical genius and the most lovable person ' Ask Ramone , though , and he 'd tell you the reason he had so much success was because of the talent around him , which he worked hard to best showcase . "  It 's all about the raw material , " he told CNN in 2005 from his home in Westchester County , New York . "  You have to be prepared for anything that comes . " Still , while he might have deflected praise , there was no stopping it Saturday night . Elton John called Ramone "  a friend , a musical genius and the most lovable person . " James Taylor , too , praised both the producer -- calling him "  a pioneer " -- and the person . "  He lit up any room he entered , " Taylor said . Neil Sedaka said he was 16 years old when Ramone added the rhythm section to his demos , which became his first two records , "  Laura Lee " and "  Snowtime . " "  He knew how to get the most out of the artists he worked with , " Sedaka said . "  With his passing the record business lost one of the all time greats . " Quincy Jones knew Ramone , as a friend and collaborator , for more than 50 years . If Ramone was n't by his side in the studio , "  It would seem like one ingredient was missing , " said Jones , a legendary producer in his own right . "  Today we lost one of the true musicians , innovators and geniuses of the record industry , " Jones said . "  His immense talents were only surpassed by the gigantic size of his heart . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Denise Quan and Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Phil Ramone died Saturday at a New York hospital , his son says The producer won 14 Grammys , including a Technical Grammy for lifetime innovations Ramone had "  most gentle way of bringing out the best , " Streisand says He was "  one of the true innovators and geniuses " in records , Quincy Jones adds
CNN  -- With only a 45 minute flight separating Lagos and Accra , you 'd think I 'd have been to Ghana at least once in my 22-year existence . Unfortunately until July 2013 , the concepts holiday and Africa have never gone together in my head . Holiday was Italy and structurally unsound towers ; or America and discount shopping or France and baguettes . Not Ghana , longstanding "  frenemy "  of Nigeria , with the football team we all rooted for in the last World Cup . Yet , that 's no reason to actually visit the place . I went for a family wedding . If not for love , perhaps another 22 years would have passed before I made it to Accra . The first thing that struck me almost as soon as I stepped off the plane was the manner of the people . Now I know it is hackneyed and pass  and terribly clich  d to praise the hospitality of the locals and so I make the next statement knowing that I tread on imperial ground : Ghanaians are nice . The friendly coconut seller in the photo above is just one of the myriad of fresh produce vendors that are dotted around the city . You spy a coconut , you pick a coconut , he splits the coconut and you drink the water out of it , right there and then on the roadside . No preservatives , no plastic bottles , just coconut . Read this : 7 amazing mountain climbs in Africa I 've often wondered why the global indexes drawn up only rank things like "  Ease of Doing Business " or "  Democracy , " with criteria that leave African countries nearer the bottom than top . If only someone would draw up a ranking for Fresh Produce Consumption . This love of fresh food was on one occasion , however , taken to a rather bizarre extreme . My hotel restaurant did n't have half the dinner menu because the necessary ingredients were always bought fresh from the market and the market was closed ! Speaking of hotels , due to exceptionally bad planning , I found myself staying in three hotels over eight nights . The last , The University of Legon Guesthouse , was the best value for money . For $ 60 a night , I got an air-conditioned ensuite double room , beautifully landscaped grounds , the fastest internet I have used in West Africa and reasonably priced meals in the restaurant . Read this : Ghana , the jewel of West Africa Now , as an original Lagosian , I have n't been to a place unless I 've gone shopping in a place . I hit Oxford Street , Osu , on my second day in town . It 's a roadside market that caters to the cravings of an ankara lover like myself , or ` African print ' to those not quite in the know . However , for more upmarket shoppers who want their air-conditioning and shopping trolleys , there 's the Accra City Mall in East Legon where Ghanaian designers sell their work alongside international brands . In my humble opinion , local content was winning but I 'm a little biased . There are of course conventional touristy things to do in Accra . For the reasonable sum of six cedis , you can enjoy The Kwame Nkrumah Memorial Park , final resting place of the first President of Ghana . It 's a serene venue for contemplation . The museum on site sheds some light on the man behind the leader that was a pivotal part of the independence movement in Africa . Yet I also like to see the places not fashionable enough for the beaten track , places that probably would n't make it into a glossy tourist brochure . Ghana , beautiful as it is , is still a developing country . There are shopping malls and skyscrapers -- one born every minute -- but there is also Nima , where I met a lady who chops firewood every evening to cook her meals . Read this : Artists take epic Africa road trip I had open access to Nima thanks to the organization Invisible Borders and their partnerships in the area . Perhaps not all the Millennium Development Goals have been met in Nima but there were other signs of development that international agencies do n't often look for . I had my first private art viewing in Musa 's studio in Nima . Only a stone 's throw away from that was a photography exhibition in Nima Roundabout . It was n't all sightseeing and games though . I also went to Accra for the very serious business of book promoting . I 've never been on radio in West Africa . It 's no different from being on radio in England except the presenters on Joy and Citi FM understood my accent . I left Accra determined to go on holiday in more African countries . Forget Paris , Milan and Prague . Maputo here I come ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chibundu Onuzo .	Author Chibundu Onuzo visited Accra , the capital of Ghana , for the first time She was impressed by the hospitality of locals The city has something to offer all kinds of tourists , says Onuzo "  I left Accra determined to go on holiday in more African countries , " she says
Rome  CNN  -- An Italian woman kidnapped in southern Algeria over a year ago has been freed , Italian Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi said Tuesday . Terzi said he had just told the family of Maria Sandra Mariani of her release . "  I join in their great joy and relief for this wonderful news , " he said in a written statement . "  My deepest gratitude goes to all of those who have contributed to the positive outcome with great dedication , constancy and professionalism . " Mariani , 54 , was seized by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , a sub-Saharan offshoot of the terrorism network , in the Algerian Sahara in February 2011 , Italian news agency ANSA reported . Mariani , a tourist , was seized by armed men near the Niger border , the agency said . She is expected to return to Italy on Wednesday , Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera reported . Her father , in Tuscany , wept with joy when he heard the news of her release , the newspaper said . The Italian government has not given details of how Mariani 's freedom was secured . Another Italian , non-governmental organization worker Rossella Urru , was kidnapped last October by the same group and remains in their hands , the Italian foreign ministry said . She was abducted near the border with Mauritania .	NEW : The freed hostage is expected back in Italy on Wednesday -- media reports The tourist was kidnapped in Algeria in February 2011 Al Qaeda in the Islamic Mahgreb seized her near the Niger border
CNN  It 's like UNO , except there are goats , magical enchiladas and kittens that can kill you . And that 's apparently enough for people to pledge a gajillion dollars . Matthew Inman , the cartoonist and grammar enthusiast behind the popular comic website The Oatmeal , launched a fund-raising campaign on Kickstarter Tuesday for a new card game that got more than $ 700,000 in pledges in just the first few hours . By Wednesday , Exploding Kittens raised over $ 2 million . The game is a cross between Inman 's signature absurdist comic drawings and the popular card game UNO . It was dreamed up by Inman and game creators Elan Lee and Shane Small , according to the Exploding Kittens Kickstarter page . The initial goal was $ 10,000 . Although there are a lot of reasons why the Internet loves kittens , one hint to Exploding Kittens ' fiery success is the Oatmeal 's cult following . Its Facebook page alone has more than 3 million followers . The game rules are explained in a short animated video on the Kickstarter page . Each player draws a card from the deck until someone draws an exploding kitten card . Once an exploding kitten card is drawn the player is booted from the game . The more cards that are drawn from the deck , the higher a player 's chances of pulling an exploding kitten card . The game also adds a bit of humorous complexity , featuring cards that enable players powers such as weaponizing back hair and laser pointers to defuse a kitten 's explosiveness . Exploding Kittens might seem too magically absurd to be true , but with the success of other Kickstarter campaigns such as party game favorite Cards Against Humanity , this project might be another crowd-funded home run . CNN reached out to Inman and his creative team for a comment , but no one was available to talk . "  Sorry all inboxes are so flooded right now , " Lee wrote . The game creators did note on their fund-raising page that they are staunchly against the harming of actual kittens . On The Oatmeal 's Facebook page , Inman wrote that the Kickstarter goal was reached in eight minutes . "  I love you , my precious Oatlets . Who wants a sandwich ? "	A card game featuring exploding kittens goes viral on Kickstarter The fund-raising campaign raised more than $ 700,000 in a few hours
Port Sulphur , Louisiana  CNN  -- This Fourth of July weekend New Orleans will be packed with nearly 300,000 people , as the National Education Association holds its annual convention , and folks from across the country descend on the Crescent City for three days of partying and concerts featuring Mary J. Blige , Alicia Keys , Janet Jackson and Earth , Wind & Fire , all headliners at the 16th annual Essence Music Festival . But the residents in this rural town -- as well as others in Pointe a la Hache , the county seat of Plaquemines Parish -- too are concerned about the earth , wind and fire . Yet their thoughts are not about the musical group , but instead , the devastation being wreaked on their way of life in the region as a result of the BP oil catastrophe , the worst environmental disaster in American history . While local , state and federal officials throw as many resources as possible to prevent the millions of gallons leaked thus far from causing more damages to the beaches and coastline of the Gulf Coast , the residents here are under a heavy degree of stress . Some admittedly still facing down post-traumatic stress , a result of Hurricane Katrina five years ago , they now face the possibility of losing their livelihood as the oil makes its way to the east bank of the Mississippi River . The water means everything to the people here . The local economy is based entirely on the money earned from the fishing industry , and since May , the boats have been idled because of the oil disaster . I am here to shoot a special for my TV One Cable Network show , Washington Watch . This town is largely African American , and considering our network targets Blacks , it was an ideal place to focus our attention . But the heartache and strain I am hearing in Pointe a la Hache is the same in other towns , whether the faces are white , Hispanic , or Asian . It really is hard to fathom what this disaster will do to the residents here , many of them third-generation fishermen . The water is all they know , and if they ca n't make a living doing this , there really is nothing else to do . The countryside of southern Louisiana is gorgeous -- though the heat is stifling and the mosquitoes plentiful -- but this is very much a coastal community . There are no massive shopping centers , large manufacturing facilities or high tech parks . The bottom line : No fishing ; no money ; no life . On Thursday evening , a number of the town 's residents filed into the Greater Mt. Sinai Baptist Church in Port Sulphur for a community rally with the Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr. . Prior to the meeting , several of the fisherman vented their frustration to the Rev. Tyronne Edwards , who has been a leading voice on the oil disaster here , and to Billy Nungesser , president of Plaquemines Parish . Nungesser told the fishermen , many dressed in T-shirts , jeans and work boots , that he feels their pain , and is doing everything he can to fight through the bureaucracy and get resources to the fishermen , namely jobs converting their fishing boats into skimmers to pick up the oil . "  This week they -LSB- BP -RSB- are supposed to put a whole ` nother crew of boats out and rotate some of them off on a 30 - , 60 - , 90-day -LSB- schedule -RSB- to get some money for the people that ai n't been " working , he said , who added that the outside contractors are being paid $ 3,000 a day for oil cleanup . "  What we are trying to do is get work for all of the fishermen full time . " Rev. Edwards , with a black and gold Bible in hand , said it 's time for President Obama to come to small towns like Pointe a la Hache and hear firsthand from the men and women who are scraping by , angry with the bureaucracy that is preventing the resources from flowing . He is still seething from a meeting last week with Kenneth Feinberg , the Washington , D.C. attorney President Obama appointed to oversee the $ 20 billion fund BP established to assist victims of the disaster . "  This guy sounds like BP all the way , " said Edwards , who did n't like what he said was Feinberg 's suggestion to fishermen that it 's best they take $ 100,000 now instead of trying to sue . "  He 's detached , " Nungesser chimed in . It 's clear that frustration is running high , and whether it 's BP , Gov. Bobby Jindal or President Obama , residents here are in unanimous agreement : they can do more , and it needs to be done now . One fisherman said that Plaquemines Parish is their home and they want to see it thrive , but things are reaching a boiling point . "  What do we have to do ? Wreak havoc down here to get people 's attention because that 's what it 's coming to . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin : Residents of small rural town totally dependent on fishing industry He says their way of life is threatened by the Gulf oil disaster Martin : Stress is intense and people are getting frustrated by pace of cleanup effort
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two separate bomb blasts in different parts of Pakistan on Sunday killed a total of at least 47 people and wounded more than 90 others , authorities said . The attacks are the latest in a series of violent acts that have struck Pakistan in recent weeks , underscoring the daunting challenges faced by security forces and the new government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif . The deadlier of the two explosions Sunday hit Hazara Town , a Shiite Muslim district on the outskirts of the southwestern city of Quetta . A suicide bomber blew himself up , killing at least 30 people and wounding 50 others , police said . Hazara Town gets its name from the Hazaras , a Shiite minority from neighboring Afghanistan many of whom have settled in and around Quetta . Hundreds of Shiites , including many Hazaras , have been killed in bloody attacks over the past year and a half by extremist groups in Pakistan , a predominantly Sunni Muslim country . Roadside bomb kills 17 in northwest Pakistan Human rights groups have criticized the failure of authorities to clamp down on Lashkar-e-Jhangvi , a Sunni organization that has admitted carrying out much of the violence against Shiites . Lashkar-e-Jhangvi claimed responsibility for Sunday 's bombing in Hazara Town , the Urdu-language Express newspaper reported . CNN was n't able to reach the group for comment . The other bomb attack Sunday targeted a paramilitary convoy on patrol near the northwestern city of Peshawar , the gateway to Pakistan 's tribal region , a largely ungoverned area where the Pakistani Taliban and other militant groups operate . At least 40 kilograms  88 pounds  of explosives were packed into a parked vehicle and detonated remotely as the Frontier Corps convoy passed through the area of Bedhber , killing 17 people and wounding 42 others , according to police and hospital officials . Pakistani government officials condemned both the attacks that took place Sunday . The weekend violence came as British Prime Minister David Cameron visited Pakistan and met with Sharif , who took office last month . The bombings followed a number of other shocking attacks in the past month and national elections in May that were plagued by killings of participants . Last weekend , gunmen opened fire at a lodge at the base of one of Pakistan 's highest peaks , killing 10 foreign tourists and a Pakistani guide . The weekend before that , militants bombed a university bus in Quetta , killing 12 young women on board . They then attacked a hospital where survivors from the blast were taken for treatment , leaving another 14 people dead . Actress in critical condition after acid attack in Pakistan CNN 's Saima Mohsin reported from Islamabad , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	NEW : The death toll from a bombing in a Shiite suburb of Quetta rises to 30 A Sunni extremist group reportedly claims responsibility An attack on a paramilitary convoy in the northwest of the country kills 17 people The violence highlights the challenges faced by Pakistan 's new government
CNN  -- Rick Santorum marches forward to the next GOP primary battle with wins in Alabama and Mississippi , throwing cold water on rival Mitt Romney 's prediction that his campaign was reaching a "  desperate end . " Romney , rejected again by Southern conservatives in the Tuesday primaries , was battling for second place with Newt Gingrich . The latter had staked his campaign on a Southern strategy after winning South Carolina and Georgia . In Alabama , Santorum won 35 % of the vote . Gingrich and Romney both had 29 % -- although Gingrich was about 2,000 votes ahead with 99 % of the vote counted -- and Ron Paul had 5 % . With 99 % of the vote counted in Mississippi , Santorum had 33 % . Gingrich was at 31 % , Romney at 30 % and Paul at 4 % . In another of Tuesday 's races , Romney claimed victory in the caucuses of American Samoa , picking up the U.S. territory 's nine delegates , according to local party officials . CNN also projects he will win the Hawaiian caucuses . American territories play a significant part in the GOP presidential race in March . Last Saturday , Romney won caucuses in Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands . He also picked up a majority of the delegates in the U.S. Virgin Islands . The next contest on the GOP primary calendar is Puerto Rico on Sunday . "  We did it again , " Santorum told supporters Tuesday night in Lafayette , Louisiana , which will hold a GOP primary on March 24 . Santorum , whose Alabama and Mississippi victories give him 10 wins to Romney 's 18 , poked at the frontrunner as he reiterated his stance that he is the viable conservative alternative to the former Massachusetts governor . "  People  said  , ` You 're being outspent  by Romney  , ' and everybody 's talking about all the  delegate  math , and that his race is inevitable . Well , for someone who thinks this race is inevitable ,  Romney  has spent a whole lot of money against me for being inevitable , " Santorum told supporters . Earlier in the day , Romney , who still holds a large overall delegate lead , said Santorum 's campaign was trying to resuscitate a losing effort . "  Sen. Santorum is at the desperate end of his campaign and trying in some way to boost his prospects , " Romney said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " As news was breaking of Santorum 's win in Alabama , Santorum communications director Hogan Gridley replied to Romney 's statement , saying , "  It 's just the beginning . " Santorum , a former senator from Pennsylvania , was coming off a big win in Kansas on Saturday and has given himself a bigger boost in the battle to be the conservative alternative to Romney by beating Gingrich in Alabama and Mississippi , in Gingrich 's home turf in the South . The wins are somewhat of a surprise , because polls released Monday showed Santorum running 8 to 10 points behind Romney and Gingrich in the two states . Still , because Alabama 's 47 delegates and Mississippi 's 37 delegates will be awarded proportionally , Romney appeared to maintain his delegate lead and may add to it after more moderate Hawaii 's 17 delegates are distributed . A CNN delegate estimate early Wednesday showed Romney with a 489-234 lead over Santorum , giving him a 255-delegate margin . The estimate had Gingrich at 139 delegates and Paul at 66 . The number of delegates needed to clinch the nomination is 1,144 . Gingrich , speaking to supporters in Birmingham , Alabama , focused on the amount of votes that Romney did n't get , and said that "  the elite media 's effort to convince the nation that Mitt Romney is inevitable just collapsed . " "  The fact is that in both states , the conservative candidates got nearly 70 % of the vote , and if you 're the frontrunner and you keep coming in third , you 're not much of a frontrunner , " Gingrich said . "  And frankly , I do not believe that a Massachusetts moderate who created Romneycare as the forerunner of Obamneycare is going to be in a position to win any debates this fall , and that is part of the reason I 've insisted in staying in this race . " Gingrich , who was under the most pressure to take both states , said he still had time to persuasively argue that he is the conservative who should go against President Barack Obama in the fall . The former House speaker has won contests in South Carolina and Georgia , which he represented in Congress for two decades , but has finished third or worse in most contests outside the region and campaigned intensively in Alabama and Mississippi over the last week . Romney 's campaign has been holding up its large lead in delegates as a reason for Gingrich and Santorum to get out of the race . But Romney , who flew to New York on Tuesday ahead of a fundraiser and did not plan to address supporters Tuesday night , would n't have turned down a win in a region dominated by social conservatives , who have been hesitant to support his candidacy . Eric Fehrnstrom , a Romney campaign senior adviser , said the campaign met its goal of taking roughly one-third of the Mississippi and Alabama delegates . "  Once the dust clears , you 'll be able to look and see that there really will be no ground that our opponents have made up against Mitt Romney , " Fehrnstrom said Tuesday night . "  And as you look at the upcoming contests on the calendar , there are no opportunities for them to have significant wins that allow them to accumulate large numbers of delegates so that they can close that gap with Mitt Romney . " Election night blog Ari Fleischer , a White House press secretary under President George W. Bush , said , "  There is no end in sight . " "  I think the real impact ... tonight is that for Republicans who thought that maybe Mitt Romney could come South and make this race look like it was coming to an end , this race is going on and on and on , " Fleischer , a CNN contributor , said . Delegate tracker | Delegate calculator Alabama exit polls Exit polls from Alabama and Mississippi show that Romney still has some ground to make up to win over conservatives : In Alabama , 55 % of those polled said Romney 's position on the issues was n't conservative enough ; in Mississippi , the number was 49 % . In another trend that has continued throughout the campaign , more voters saw Romney as the best choice for defeating Obama in the general election . In Alabama , 46 % saw Romney as being the most likely to beat Obama , while both Santorum and Gingrich were the favorites of 24 % ; in Mississippi , 50 % of those polled saw Romney as having the best chance of beating Obama , compared to 24 % for Gingrich and 23 % for Santorum . As results were coming in Tuesday night , CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger said that hardcore conservatives ' persistent preference for Santorum or Gingrich means Romney benefits from the presence of both . "  Gov. Romney needs Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich right now . ... If it were n't for them splitting the conservatives -- the very conservative , the evangelical , the tea party voters -- Mitt Romney would not be within sort of a position to win in either of Mississippi or Alabama . So the fact that they 're splitting the vote ... he ought to pay them both to stay in for a little bit longer . " Mississippi exit polls Results of all races Santorum and Romney are expected to split the next few contests on the calendar . Santorum won the nonbinding primary in Missouri in February and is expected to take the state 's caucuses on Saturday . Romney is expected to win Puerto Rico 's primary on Sunday but Santorum will now travel there to try to make it harder for Romney . Polls in Illinois , which votes on Tuesday , show a tight race and Santorum is expected to win in Louisiana a week from Saturday . Then the race turns north and eastward  $ " the District of Columbia , Maryland and Wisconsin vote on April 3 and Romney is the early favorite there . But that 's three weeks away and much has changed in such a span in the most volatile Republican race in generations . Alabama results | County by county | Map Mississippi results | County by county | Map Paul , a congressman from Texas , did n't campaign over the past week in either Alabama or Mississippi . Both states held open primaries , which meant Republicans , independent voters and Democrats could cast ballots in the GOP contests . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Dana Bash , Rachel Streitfeld , Chris Welch and Joe Johns contributed to this report . Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	NEW : CNN projects Mitt Romney will win Hawaii CNN projects Rick Santorum wins Alabama , Mississippi primaries With proportional awards , Santorum has n't dented Romney 's delegate lead Newt Gingrich says he 'll continue , saying conservative voters not picking Romney
CNN  -- Serena Williams swept aside Anastasia Rodionova in her first match on American soil since the 2009 U.S. Open , as she recorded an emphatic 6-0 6-0 victory at the Bank of West Classic in Stanford , California . Williams , 29 , took just 47 minutes to defeat the Russian in only her third tournament back after nearly a year out of the sport following two foot operations and a blood clot in her lung . The 13-time major winner , who has slumped to a career-low ranking of 169 in the world as a result of her prolonged absence , restricted her 29-year-old opponent to just five game points -- none of which Rodionova was able to convert . "  I wanted to be more consistent , and I think I did that tonight , " the American told a post-match press conference . "  I feel good . I do n't think of the match as being easy , I think it was just me being focused . I was out there just trying to do my best . " Williams was eliminated in the fourth round of Wimbledon in June , a grand slam she has won on four occasions , and she said her disappointing performance at the All England Club served as motivation to regain her best form . "  I did n't deserve a break after Wimbledon . I did n't practice on the plane ride back , that was about it . I want to get back to the top and win . I have no patience ... I really want to do well in the grand slams . "  But I 've only played about seven matches since coming back -- it 's still early on and I 'm taking it one day at a time , one match at a time . " The Michigan native will now face Maria Kirilenko , who she defeated in the third round at Wimbledon , after the Russian upset the odds to eliminate sixth seed Julia Goerges . Kirilenko , 24 , broke her German opponent 's serve six times on her way to a 6-2 6-3 triumph and she is anticipating a hard-fought match with Williams . "  She 's always tough for me , " said Kirilenko . "  But I 'm just going to try my best and hopefully do well . I hope we can show some good tennis . " Another seed to fall was Serb Ana Ivanovic , who was beaten 6-3 7-5 by Japanese number one Ayumi Morita . Morita finished in style by winning the match 's final 12 points and will face Urszula Radwanska in the last 16 , after the Pole knocked out fellow qualifier Olga Savchuk 6-4 6-2 . Wimbledon semifinalist Sabine Lisicki is also into the next round courtesy of a 6-1 6-2 defeat of Simona Halep . The German will come up against fourth seed Samantha Stosur in the second round . Also into round two are Slovakian Daniela Hantuchova and Marina Erakovic of New Zealand , who beat Rika Fujiwara and Sofia Arvidsson respectively .	Serena Williams breezes past Anastasia Rodionova at the Bank of West Classic The American had not played in her home country since the 2009 U.S. Open Seeds Ana Ivanovic and Julia Goerges both out in the first round in California
Washington  CNN  -- Humanitarian assistance from the United States began its journey to Japan Friday , as President Barack Obama extended a helping hand to the nation after it was hit by a devastating 8.9-magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami . There are eight warships either near Japan or headed for it . All are attached to the U.S. 7th Fleet , which is headquartered in Yokosuka , Japan . Navy personnel began loading tons of disaster relief supplies aboard the U.S. 7th Fleet command flagship , the USS Blue Ridge , currently in Singapore The vessel and its crew were scheduled to depart for Japan Saturday morning , according to a statement from U.S. 7th Fleet public affairs . The USS Essex was scheduled to leave Malaysia Friday evening carrying about 2,000 Marines from the 31st Marine Expeditionary movement . The USS Harpers Ferry and the USS Germantown are en route to Japan from the Philippine Sea . The USS Ronald Reagan , a nuclear-powered carrier , has been pulled from a long-planned exercise off the Korean Peninsula and is now headed for the earthquake area , accompanied by USS Chancellorsville and the USS Preble . And the USS Tortuga has left its base at Sasebo , a port city in far southern Japan . The ship already has several landing craft on board , but it 's heading to South Korea to take delivery of MH-53 cargo helicopters , which it will then carry to Japan . In addition to the 7th Fleet ships that have already received orders to head to the island nation , all ships in the fleet that can carry helicopters or aircraft have been ordered to be ready to deploy within 24 hours , if necessary . Fleet vessels not designed to carry aircraft must be able to deploy within 48 hours . The fleet is also undertaking a full accounting of all personnel in Japan , as well as the condition of their family members . However , no reports of injuries among 7th Fleet personnel have been received and no major damage has been reported among fleet assets , according to the public affairs statement . The public affairs statement pointed out that the 7th Fleet is not conducting full-scale disaster response operations , which would only come after a formal request from the Japanese government . It 's not just the military that is taking steps to get help to victims of Friday 's earthquake . The Federal Emergency Management Agency and its partner agencies are on standby in case their assistance is needed , the agency said in a news release . In addition , six Los Angeles County canine disaster search teams have been activated . The dogs were trained by the Search Dog Foundation and are now getting health clearance from their veterinarians to ensure they are ready to deploy . They will be part of a Los Angeles task force mobilized along with one from Virginia by the U.S. Agency for International Development . Each team will come with more than 70 personnel and approximately 75 tons of search and rescue equipment , in addition to the search and rescue dogs . "  On behalf of the American people , I wish to convey our sympathy , thoughts and prayers to the people of Japan who have been affected by this devastating earthquake and tsunami , " said Rajiv Shah , the administrator for USAID , in a written statement . "  We are working with the government of Japan to provide any assistance needed in the rescue effort as quickly as possible . " The agency also is dispatching a disaster assistance response team . California Gov. Jerry Brown said in a news release that he has "  directed California 's Emergency Management Agency to make state resources available to the Japanese government . " Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig even promised assistance from Major League Baseball . Citing "  our shared love of baseball for more than a century , " Selig said in a statement that Japan is "  a particularly special place to us " and that MLB will provide aid in the coming days and weeks . The American Red Cross is communicating with the Japanese Red Cross Society and its global partners , according to a statement from the agency . So far , the American Red Cross has not received any requests for blood from its Japanese counterparts , or from the U.S. or Japanese governments . The organization is encouraging people with loved ones in Japan to use the Red Cross "  Safe and Well " website , an online tool which helps families connect during natural disasters and emergencies . Earlier in the day , Obama described his country 's assistance priorities at a news conference . "  I offer our Japanese friends whatever assistance is needed , " he said . "  Today 's events remind us how fragile life can be . " He said the main U.S. assistance to Japan would probably be "  lift capacity " in the form of heavy equipment to help clean up damaged infrastructure . The U.S. government is taking inventory of how many military personnel are in Japan to provide help , he said , adding that American citizens in Japan will also receive assistance . Obama called the earthquake and tsunami "  a potentially catastrophic disaster , " saying the images of destruction were "  simply heartbreaking . " At a session of the President 's Export Council on Friday morning at the Old Executive Office Building , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton pledged "  immediate disaster relief assistance " and said , "  We are working closely with the government of Japan to provide additional help , " according to a State Department statement . The State Department on Friday said there were no immediate reports of casualties among the tens of thousands of U.S. citizens -- tourists , military personnel and others -- in Japan . The State Department issued an alert against nonessential travel to Japan because of the earthquake and tsunami . The alert said that Tokyo airports were closed and others also may be closed or restricted , and that public transportation in Tokyo and other areas has been interrupted . The alert also said strong aftershocks are likely "  for weeks " and included instructions for what to do if caught in an earthquake or aftershock . It urged U.S. citizens in Japan to contact family and friends to let them know of their well-being . American Airlines told CNN that it would resume flights into Japan on Saturday . Both American and Delta Airlines canceled flights into Tokyo Friday . It was unclear if flights to other Japanese airports also were affected . In addition , Delta , United and Continental airlines announced they were waiving change fees for people whose travel plans involving Japan were affected by the disaster . The Yokota Air Base , a U.S. Air Force facility in Japan , accommodated 11 commercial planes carrying more than 500 passengers , after the flights were diverted to the base when the earthquake closed Tokyo 's Narita International Airport , according to a news release from the Air Force 's 374th Airlift Wing . Volunteers from various organizations brought food , water and cots for the stranded passengers and helped them register with the Red Cross . At the State Department , Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs Janice Jacobs said a 24-hour consular task force has been set up to help Americans affected by the earthquake . Americans in Japan who need help , or people seeking information about a loved one in Japan , can send an e-mail to japanemergencyusc@state.gov, Jacobs said . Americans outside Japan but in tsunami-affected areas who need help , or people seeking information about an American in affected areas outside Japan , can e-mail pacifictsunamiusc@state.gov, she said . A telephone information line also has been set up at 1-888-407-4747 , said Jacobs , who encouraged people to use the e-mail options if possible . When seeking information about Americans in Japan or other affected areas , Jacobs said , people should provide the full name , birth date and location of the person , as well as any pre-existing medical conditions , and if they are elderly or a child . CNN 's Kim Hutcherson , Michael Martinez , Ed Henry , Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Larry Shaughnessy , Dave Alsup and Bonney Kapp contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. 7th Fleet takes the lead regarding delivery of aid to Japan Eight major U.S. warships are ordered to Japan U.S. federal agencies coordinate search and rescue teams Bud Selig promises aid from MLB , citing a "  shared love of baseball "
