CNN  -- The 9-year-old boy who was the lone survivor of a plane crash that killed 103 people in Libya plans to return to the Netherlands on Saturday , the Dutch Foreign Ministry said Friday . He is scheduled to leave Tripoli , Libya , at 10 a.m. Saturday and fly home with an aunt and uncle , as well as a doctor , the ministry said in a statement . Ruben van Assouw suffered multiple fractures to his legs and underwent surgery at Al Khadra Hospital , said a doctor who declined to give her name . Both of Ruben 's parents and a brother were killed in the crash , a Foreign Ministry spokesperson said . Acting on a request from the boy 's relatives , authorities do not plan to say where the plane will land , and the media will not be present when it does , the ministry statement said . "  His relatives have appealed to the media to exercise restraint and to leave Ruben and his family in peace at this difficult time , " it said . Authorities said Ruben was the only survivor after an Afriqiyah Airways plane crashed at 6 a.m. Wednesday . The boy 's aunt and uncle arrived in Tripoli to visit him Thursday . Saif al Islam Gadhafi , the second eldest son of Libyan leader Col. Moammar Gadhafi , visited the boy in the hospital along with airline chairman Capt. Sabri Shadi , according to a statement on Afriqiyah Airways ' website . More than two thirds of the passengers killed in the plane crash were Dutch , the foreign ministry said . Passengers from Libya , South Africa , Belgium , Austria , Germany , France , Zimbabwe and Britain were also among the victims , the airline said on its website . The plane , an Airbus A330-200 , departed Johannesburg , South Africa , and was at the end of its nearly nine-hour flight when it crashed . Officials recovered the plane 's flight data recorder , but investigators are still trying to determine what caused the crash . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : Ruben van Assouw , 9 , will fly home to the Netherlands on Saturday Dutch medical team consisting of nurse , psychologist and social worker have arrived in Libya Plane 's flight data recorder recovered ; investigators trying to determine cause of crash
CNN  -- Vivienne Tam has become well known for creating clothes that appeal to all ages , ethnicities , and income levels . She has earned the reputation for offering a stylish and high-quality product while at the same time inviting the consumer to experience the inspiration behind it . As a designer of clothing that "  suggests tolerance , global acumen , and a Fourth of July faith in individual expression , " Tam , in the words of fashion critic and curator Richard Martin , possesses an "  idealistic globalism that transcends politics and offers a more enchanted , peaceful world . " Born in Canton , China , Vivienne Tam moved to Hong Kong when she was three years old . Her bi-cultural upbringing in the then British colony was the first stage in the development of her signature East-meets-West style . After graduating from Hong Kong Polytechnic University , Vivienne Tam moved to New York where she thrived on the excitement and energy of the fashion world . New York became a home for her and a continuing source of stimulation for her designs . In 1994 , Vivienne Tam launched her signature collection of Eastern inspired clothing with a modern edge on the New York runways . In 1995 , she introduced the influential Mao collection that triumphantly crossed over from the fashion world into the art world . Then in 1997 Vivienne Tam launched the Buddha collection . The public and celebrities around the world quickly embraced both collections . Some of the images became so popular that scores of designers even adopted the look into their designs . Pieces of the collections were ultimately incorporated into the permanent archives of the Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh , The Museum of FIT and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York , and the Victoria and Albert Museum in London . In an era where the fashion industry is populated by numerous names and emerging new talents , Vivienne Tam has shown that she can consistently appeal to everyone from high-society to urban to teens , offering them fresh collections every season . She is poised to become the next multi-tasking , multi-successful designer and businesswoman . E-mail to a friend	Vivienne Tam was born in Canton , China , moved to Hong Kong when she was three Her Mao and Buddha collections were launched in 1995 and 1997 Items of her work are featured in museums in New York , Pittsburgh and London
CNN  -- The remaining scaffolding around the Washington Monument will begin to come down this week . The monument will officially reopen on May 12 , the National Park Service announced Tuesday . One of Washington 's most popular sites , the monument was closed on August 23 , 2011 , after a 5.8 magnitude earthquake caused more than 150 cracks in the structure . The $ 15 million restoration project took nearly three years to complete . The National Park Service and the Trust for the National Mall are planning to host a reopening ceremony at 10 a.m. ET On May 12 . Public tours will begin that day at 1 p.m. , and tickets will be made available on a first-come , first-served basis that morning at the Washington Monument Lodge . Photos : Cherry blossom time in DC Starting April 16 , tickets for tours on future dates will be available at the park service 's reservation page , www.recreation.gov . The park service will offer extended operating hours , 9 a.m.-10 p.m. , through the end of summer . "  We are delighted to be in the homestretch with the repairs to the Washington Monument almost complete , and we look forward to the re-opening on May 12 so we can once again welcome visitors to this iconic monument to our nation 's first President , " said National Park Service Director Jonathan B. Jarvis , in a press release . Congress allocated $ 7.5 million to the restoration project , and philanthropist David M. Rubenstein matched those funds with a $ 7.5 million donation to the monument 's restoration via the Trust for the National Mall .	A 2011 earthquake damaged the Washington Monument The repair job has cost $ 15 million and taken nearly three years The monument will reopen officially in May
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A habitually violent young man was convicted Wednesday of the murder of teenage actor Rob Knox , who had starred in the latest "  Harry Potter " film . The father , brother and mother of Rob Knox pose together after the death of the young actor . Karl Bishop , 22 , attacked Knox and four friends with two kitchen knives outside a bar in Sidcup , south east London , last May . He stabbed them 10 times in less than two minutes , the Old Bailey court in central London heard . Knox , 18 , had rushed out of the bar after he heard that Bishop had threatened his younger brother Jamie but he ended up being stabbed five times , once in a main artery . He died in hospital later that night . Bystanders said Bishop 's face was "  screwed up in rage " as he lashed out with the two knives , the Press Association reported . Days before the attack , the actor had finished filming on "  Harry Potter And The Half-Blood Prince , " due for international release in July , in which he played the role of Marcus Belby . He was set to reprise the part in future "  Harry Potter " films . Knox 's father Colin told mourners at his funeral , including co-star Rupert Grint , that his son had been "  living the dream , " PA said . Prosecutor Brian Altman told the court that the young actor 's promising life was ended by a "  habitual knife carrier " who believed stabbing people was an "  occupational hazard " and had previous convictions for knife crime . Bishop is due to be sentenced on Thursday . Knife crime in Britain is a political hot topic due to a spate of recent killings of mainly young people in major cities . UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown has urged tougher sentences for those caught carrying knives . He told the Daily Telegraph last month : "  By carrying a knife you are not only endangering the lives of others , but you are more likely to be killed , or end up in jail . "  We need to change the way young people think about knives , we need families and communities working together ... to get this message across and help stamp out knife crime and get weapons off our streets . "	Man convicted of murder of teenage actor who starred in new "  Harry Potter " film Karl Bishop , 22 , attacked Rob Knox with 2 knives in southeast London last May Knife crime in Britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killings
CNN  -- The news this week might have made Corky Ra roll over in his mummiform , his specially commissioned $ 40,000 bronze final resting place . Ron Temu , a licensed funeral director , is in charge of mummification practices for Summum . The founder of Summum , a small Utah-based spiritual group , died in January 2008 at age 63 . That was after his community -- one that practices meditations and a modern form of mummification , makes its own sacramental wine and considers itself less of a religion than a way of life -- began to make national headlines with its journey to the Supreme Court . It began with a push to erect a monument listing Summum 's seven guiding principles in a Utah municipal park that has long displayed a monument listing the Ten Commandments . The U.S. 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver , Colorado , ruled in 2007 that free speech guarantees Summum the right to erect a monument . But the Supreme Court unanimously agreed Wednesday with the city of Pleasant Grove , Utah , which argued that displays on public property , privately donated or otherwise , amount to "  government speech " and fall under the discretion of local officials . Beyond the headlines about what the ruling means to parks , 9/11 memorials and other monuments is an obscure group that wants recognition that its Seven Aphorisms are as valid as the Ten Commandments . The aphorisms are the principles of psychokinesis , correspondence , vibration , opposition , rhythm , cause and effect , and gender . "  A lot of people are so tired of being told how they have to worship , " said Su Menu , 58 , who has subscribed to Summum 's teachings for more than 30 years . "  It 's not about dogma ; it 's about becoming the best you can be . Whatever path you discover that leads you in that direction , that 's where you need to be . " The group was founded in 1975 after Claude "  Corky " Rex Nowell , who was raised in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , said he had encounters with "  advanced beings , " which he chronicled in his book , "  Summum : Sealed Except to the Open Mind . " Nowell legally changed his name to Summum Bonum Amon Ra , but still used the first name Corky . To those who follow his teachings , the idea that Ra would be visited by some kind of higher power was no more far-fetched than any other religious leader 's claims . Menu 's legal name is Summum Bonum Neffer Menu , although the piano teacher professionally still goes by Sue Parsons . What Ra gave to her was a better sense of , and appreciation for , herself , she said . She grew up in the Midwest , in what she described as a very conservative Christian environment . "  For a long time , I felt like a terrible person because I could n't worship and feel exactly like my parents , " she said Thursday . Summum is "  about an ongoing progression of the soul and discovery of that , of what 's in you . ... It made me feel like I 'm OK , and I 've become a stronger person because of it . I do n't see how anybody can come to the conclusion that that 's bad . " Summum practitioners "  believe in one source , " Menu said , "  but we just do n't label it as God . We just call it creation . We call it Summum , " which is a Latin term meaning "  the sum total of all creation . " The community meets in a small copper-colored pyramid off Interstate 15 in Salt Lake City , and includes people of various religious backgrounds . Tapping into Summum 's teachings does not require anyone to give up ties to other faith traditions . The various religious texts -- including a copy of the Quran , the Hebrew Bible and The Book of Mormon -- found in the pyramid , as well as the multitude of Buddhas , are a testament to Summum 's inclusion of any and all spiritual philosophies . Also in the pyramid is a menagerie of mummified animals . Some cats , including Vincent , Oscar and Smokey , stand in row , across the room from Dobermans named Butch and Wendy , as well as Menu 's beloved poodle , Maggie , who was mummified at a cost of about $ 12,000 . The process devised by Summum preserves the body by soaking it in mummification fluids for at least 77 days before , among other things , slathering it with lanolin , wrapping it in gauze , painting it with multiple layers of butyl rubber and eventually sealing it in a mummiform . The process can take about six months to complete , and it is during this time that the soul of the living is guided into its next lifetime . About 1,500 people from across the globe , and from many different religions , have requested these mummification arrangements through their local funeral homes , said Ron Temu , a licensed funeral director and longtime Summum practitioner . But so far only one , the Summum founder , has actually been mummified . An artist was commissioned to create Ra 's mummiform , the face of which looks just like his . Though he 's already sealed inside it , it is not yet on display in the pyramid . "  We 're still working on the gold leaf , " Temu said Thursday . "  Once that 's done , we 'll have him in there . " Summum does not require attendance or membership , so there is no way to know the number of adherents . Menu estimated that "  hundreds of thousands " of people across the globe have studied Summum 's teachings , which are broadcast online , "  but once they learn the meditations , they 're free to go live their own lives . " The meditations , of which there are many , are less about what is said than the way they make people feel , which is a good thing , because some are in a language unknown to Menu and other practitioners . There are those that are said in English , too , and then there is the Meditation of Sexual Ecstasy , which is less about words and more about actions between lovers . "  We 're one humanity , but we all have our path and we all have our own experiences , " Menu said . "  We 're just learning lessons this lifetime around . "	Summum takes monument fight to Supreme Court and loses Spiritual group practices meditation and mummification Group meets in pyramid in Salt Lake City , Utah Founder Corky Ra is preserved in a mummiform soon to be displayed
CNN  -- They are known as the hippies of the ape kingdom , a peaceful and affectionate species that is more interested in making love than killing each other . One of the world 's rarest apes , bonobos are close cousins of chimpanzees and share 98.7 % of human DNA . But unlike their ape relatives -- and humans -- bonobos shy away from engaging in vicious conflicts . Instead , they share food , groom each other and use a variety of sexual activities to build relationships , promote social bonding and strengthen alliances . It is , then , an ironic twist that the very existence of this affable species has come under threat by decades of war and deforestation in one of Africa 's most troubled parts . Found only in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the bonobos inhabit the country 's lowland rainforests along the south bank of the Congo River . See also : School boy 's website helps tourists spot big beasts In recent months , tensions erupted once again in the vast country as rebels launched a major attack in the violence-riddled eastern part of the DRC . Although the bonobo habitat is located several hundred miles away from the epicenter of the crisis , conservationists say that the country 's instability over the years has made it almost impossible to study bonobos and find out where they are or determine how many are left . At the same time , the expansion of the commercial bushmeat trade -- the selling of wild animal meat , such as that of the endangered bonobo -- threatens the survival of the apes even further . "  The decade of war in the late 1990s resulted in extensive population displacement , military/rebel movements and a greater availability of firearms and ammunition , which contributed to increased hunting of wildlife , including bonobos , " says Dominique Morel , of Friends of Bonobos , a group supporting Lola Ya Bonobo , the world 's first and only sanctuary for the endangered species . Born of necessity from the increasing threat of the bushmeat trade , Lola Ya Bonobo was founded in the mid-1990s by Claudine Andre , a Belgian-born conservationist who was working at the time as a volunteer in Kinshasa 's zoo . It was there that Andre , who moved with her veterinarian father to Congo at the age of three , saw a bonobo for the first time -- an encounter that was destined to change her life forever . See also : Beethoven in the Congo Andre , a mother of five , fell in love with the bonobos and started to rescue them one by one by taking them home with her . But soon she found herself needing a bigger space as the number of bonobos she took under her wing started to grow . The Congolese government eventually stepped in to help set up a more permanent home that would become Lola Ya Bonobo . The sanctuary , which is located just outside Kinshasa in some 30 hectares of primary forest , is today home to at least 65 bonobos , many of which are young orphans that have been either rescued from the wild or brought in after hunters killed their parents . "  Bushmeat never stops , " says Andre . "  We have no solution and we receive more and more orphans every year . " An important part of the sanctuary 's work is rehabilitating injured bonobos from the forest and , hopefully , one day returning them to the wild . "  Conservation asks us to make a test for reintroduction in the wild , " says Andre . "  So we make this experience two times already since 2009 , a group of bonobos from here , returned to the wild . And for them it was a success because after two-three months , they are home . " See also : Will elephants still roam earth in 20 years ? The sanctuary also aims to educate the public about bonobos . Staff at Lola Ya Bonobo say that some 40,000 people come through its doors each year , including tourists and local schoolchildren , as well as graduate students conducting research on everything from bonobo behaviour to the evolution of the human brain . Conservationists say stability in the DRC is essential to ensure that bonobo conservation programs are not jeopardized . "  Advocating for wildlife conservation is always a battle in a country as poor as the DRC , " says Morel . "  In times of crisis , when the security and basic needs of civilian populations are often not assured , it becomes even more challenging . If eco-guards and staff have to be evacuated from certain areas for their own safety , equipment , infrastructure and sometimes animals suffer . "  Only with peace and stability can long-term investments in wildlife conservation -- research , conservation education , community-based habitat protection and eco-tourism -- be successfully implemented . "	The endangered bonobo is only found in the Democratic Republic of Congo War , deforestation and bushmeat trade are all threatening bonobos Lola Ya Bonobo is the world 's first and only sanctuary for the peaceful apes It is currently home to more than 60 bonobos
Twitter will withhold content from a neo-Nazi account at the request of German authorities , the first time it has put into action a policy of local censorship it adopted in January and a step that will probably reignite debate over freedom of expression on the Internet . Alex Macgillivray , Twitter 's general counsel , tweeted the company 's decision Thursday : "  We announced the ability to withhold content back in Jan. . We 're using it now for the first time re : a group deemed illegal in Germany . " Big Brother still watching : Internet censorship on the up But although Twitter , hailed by many as a powerful enabler of free speech , is taking its first step toward limiting hate speech , some groups say it still has a long way to go . The Anti-Defamation League has said it "  lags far behind " other social media networks in setting clear standards over racism . A barrage of anti-Semitic abuse prompted by a series of hashtags in France has highlighted the problem there in recent weeks , with the French Union of Jewish Students adding its voice to the concerns raised by the ADL . "  When free expression crosses the line into speech that society recognizes as an affront to individuals ' human dignity and as thinly veiled calls for violence , then the service provider has a responsibility to establish acceptable boundaries , " ADL national director Abraham Foxman said . "  It is time for Twitter to set some boundaries . " Incitement against people , particularly for racial reasons , and advocating the overthrow of democracy became illegal in Germany after the fall of the Nazi dictatorship . Authorities there strictly enforce anti-propaganda measures handed down against hate groups . The neo-Nazi club Better Hannover used its website for racist and anti-democratic propaganda . The site has disappeared from the Internet , but the group 's Twitter feed is still visible in the United States . In its role of enforcing the ban on the group , police in Hannover , Germany , sent a fax in late September to Twitter 's headquarters in San Francisco announcing that the group 's "  accounts in social networks have to be closed immediately . " Twitter 's response falls short of the German demand . In another tweet , Macgillivray indicated that Twitter would selectively deal with the feed : "  Never want to withhold content ; good to have tools to do it narrowly and transparently . " The tweet includes a link to a support page explaining how Twitter can withhold content from view in specific countries . Police who carried out raids on Better Hannover confiscated computers , far-right paraphernalia and weapons , the Interior Ministry for Lower Saxony state said in a statement on September 25 . The group , which had been known about since 2008 , was "  dissolved with immediate effect . Any activity or the building of a substitute group is not allowed , " it said . The extremist group 's Twitter feed includes links to another far-right group 's website . It stops abruptly on September 25 , the day of the police raids . Lower Saxony Interior Minister Uwe Schuenemann told CNN by e-mail Thursday that he welcomed the swift reaction by Twitter and other Internet companies . "  This is a very important step . For far-right extremists especially , the Internet has become more important as a communications and recruiting platform . There is only one goal during the fight against far-right extremism , and that is to undermine and stop the spreading of this inhuman ideology . " Dirk Hensen , a spokesman for Twitter Germany , stressed the company 's transparency over its action . Kirsty Hughes , chief executive of Index on Censorship , a London-based group that promotes free expression , said that what is key is who is making the decision about censoring content . Twitter 's action came in response to a request from Germany based on its laws barring hate speech , rather than being driven by the company itself , she points out . Where Twitter and other websites face a difficult balancing act is where countries ' laws overstep the boundaries of free expression , she said . "  Different countries have different laws about hate speech . We , as a freedom-of-expression group , would say ` put restrictions on speech where there is a clear and direct incitement to violence . ' Otherwise , we would always argue for fairly limited controls , " she said . Twitter 's move will probably feed into a wider debate in the digital world about the "  privatization of censorship , " Hughes said . "  There 's a big issue about what do we want Web hosting companies and Internet service providers to do , " she said . "  We do n't ask telephone companies to censor what you , or I or anyone else is saying on the phone . "  If we were to ask or even pass regulation saying all these Web hosting services had to vet and moderate everything on their site , when there are billions of things on the site , it would completely close down the ability of the Internet to operate as it does , as a wonderful place for free expression and swapping of ideas . " On the other hand , if companies such as Twitter respond instead to government requests or court orders over specific content , "  that 's a way of managing it without putting a complete chill on the whole Internet . " As an example of the challenges Internet companies face , Hughes points to Google 's recent troubles in Brazil , where the company 's top executive was arrested for not taking down online videos that government officials said violated the South American country 's election law .	Lower Saxony minister : The move is "  a very important step " against extremism Twitter will withhold content in the feed of a German neo-Nazi group German police demanded the account be closed completely Twitter 's action feeds into a wider debate over free speech on the Internet
Financial Times  -- The erosion of central bank independence around the world threatens to unleash a round of competitive exchange rate devaluations , which leading economies have so far avoided during the financial crisis , the president of Germany 's Bundesbank warned on Monday . Jens Weidmann , whose institution 's own fierce independence from political influence was the model for the European Central Bank when it was founded , said Stephen King , the chief economist at HSBC , was "  perhaps right " in forecasting an end to the era of central bank independence . "  It is already possible to observe alarming infringements , for example in Hungary or in Japan , where the new government is massively involving itself in the affairs of the central bank , is emphatically demanding an even more aggressive monetary policy and is threatening an end to central bank autonomy , " Mr Weidmann said in a speech in Frankfurt . "  Whether intended or not , one consequence could be the increased politicisation of the exchange rate , " he said , according to a text of his speech provided by the Bundesbank . "  Until now the international monetary system got through the crisis without competitive devaluations and I hope very much it stays that way . " Both the Bundesbank and later the ECB were founded on mandates that gave them wide powers and freedom from political interference in return for focusing solely on keeping inflation in check . Some observers argue that the ECB now faces a challenge if other central banks ditch their own inflation targets and act to lower exchange rates against the euro , making exports from the embattled eurozone economies less competitive . Asked about the trend for central banks to look less at inflation-targeting and more at policy areas that affect exchange rates , Mario Draghi , president of the European Central Bank , said earlier this month that the exchange rate was very important "  as far as growth and stability " were concerned but was not a policy target for the ECB . He also noted that the Group of 20 leading industrial nations had pledged not to undertake competitive currency devaluations as such action undermines economic and financial stability . Mr Weidmann said the period in the 1980s and 1990s during which central banks around the world had been made independent had heralded a period of "  great moderation " during which inflation fell . But the outbreak of the financial crisis and the growing energy and raw materials demand from fast-growing economies had put rising prices back on the agenda and complicated the job of a central bank . This had led to demands on central banks to support the financial system , stimulate the economy and lower government refinancing costs "  or even secure the solvency of a state " , he said . "  Overloading central banks with tasks and expectations is however certainly not the correct path towards sustainably overcoming the crisis . " The Bundesbank chief , whose concerns about straying from orthodox monetary policy prompted him to vote against and campaign openly against Mr Draghi 's unlimited bond-buying plan last year , concluded by quoting approvingly from an interview Mr Draghi gave to the Financial Times in December . Central banks could best defend their independence by narrowly interpreting their mandate , he said . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Germany 's Bundesbank pres. warns of erosion to global central bank independence Jens Weidman says loss of autonomy could lead countries to devalue currencies Weidman : ` Already possible to observe alarming infringements in Hungary , Japan '
Supreme Court bloggers usually do n't have fan clubs . But 81-year-old , twice-retired blogger Lyle Denniston became an Internet celebrity of sorts on Thursday amid the confusion about the Supreme Court 's ruling on President Obama 's health care law . Moments after the ruling was handed down , both CNN and Fox News briefly and incorrectly reported the Supreme Court had struck down a central provision of Obama 's health care law . CNN corrected the error . Denniston 's online publication , SCOTUSBlog , which stands for Supreme Court of the United States , however , got the news right , and published to Twitter only a minute after CNN did . " #SCOTUS upholds #ACA individual mandate , " said the blog 's Twitter feed . More than 2,900 people retweeted that post . "  I think it took us maybe three minutes to figure out exactly what the court had done , " which was to uphold a mandate on buying insurance , Denniston said by phone on Thursday afternoon . During that interview , fans approached Denniston asking him to take pictures with them while wearing T-shirts that say things like " #TeamLyle " -- an Internet meme started by fans of his fast-paced reporting . He does n't expect the attention to last . "  In the digital and Internet age , I know that celebrity is likely to be prolonged for less than the usual 15 minutes , " he said . "  Once today and maybe tomorrow is over , I think the phone at my house and my cell phone are going to stop ringing from people who want to talk to me . Celebrity , if that 's what it is , is really fleeting ... " Denniston and the SCOTUSBlog , which was founded by a husband-wife pair of attorneys in 2002 , have n't exactly become household names , at least until this week . Their rise to prominence comes at a time when the Internet 's instant news cycles are colliding with complicated stories like Supreme Court rulings . Plenty of news organizations leaned , in part , on SCOTUSBlog 's fast , furious coverage of Thursday 's ruling as a way to supplement their own live blogging of the event . Twitter become so flooded with chatter about the SCOTUSBlog that Slate 's Farhad Manjoo wrote , "  Twitter is basically a mirror of Scotusblog now . " White House spokesman Jay Carney reportedly said in a news conference Wednesday that he would rely on TV news and the SCOTUSBlog to see what the court had decided in the landmark health care case . Editors at the blog anticipated the attention . "  Here we go . 4 more web servers . 5 bloggers . 2 tech teams . $ 25k for 20 mins , " the group wrote on its Twitter feed , @SCOTUSBlog , which had more than 42,000 followers as of about 1 p.m. ET on Thursday . "  Probably more traffic today than in SB 's first 5 years , combined . So grateful ; a little scared , " the group said on Twitter before the decision was handed down . The site has become known for its "  plain English " versions of court news and for its expertise . Denniston , the veteran blogger , is n't an attorney but he joked in a 2007 interview with C-SPAN that he has "  always indulged the arrogance of saying the only time I 've ever been in a law school was to teach . " The blog 's co-founders , Tom Goldstein and Amy Howe , are both lawyers . Goldstein teaches Supreme Court litigation at Stanford and Harvard and has argued 25 cases in front of the Supreme Court , according to his online bio . Howe has argued two cases in front of the court . Denniston started his day by posting to the network 's live blog : "  Good morning from a slightly zoo-like , but still surprisingly civil , press room at the Court . " Three minutes later , a reader asked if he thought there would be a "  clear majority " opinion . "  I am still hugging the trunk of the tree -- solidly avoiding any predicton  sic  , " he wrote . "  No limbs for a traditional journalist . " Denniston , who has covered the Supreme Court for 52 years and has twice gone into retirement , does n't relish the attention . In fact , it bothers him a bit . "  I 'm afraid I will be accused of false modesty if I say what I really feel , which is that in all of my years of journalism , I had never wanted to be part of the story . I would hope that when I say that people will take me sincerely . I grew up in journalism believing that the story was the story -- and not the messenger , " he said . "  And what this kind of celebrity , as you put it , does is to lift the reporter out from behind the screen of objectivity and make the reporter the story . And that 's troubling to me . " That kind of comment probably only will make fans adore him more . "  We are grateful to you ! Thank you for everything . #TeamLyle , " one wrote on Twitter . "  Because it is important to say , right now : #TEAMLYLE ! " said another . For a blogger , Denniston has an unusual history with technology . "  I do n't do the Twitter thing very much , " he said . "  I used to do it a bit . I 'm usually so verbose in my writing -- 140 characters is n't nearly enough for me to even clear my throat . " In 1998 or 1999 , he paid a tutor to teach him how to use the Internet . He often calls in information -- even entire stories -- to the blog 's editors by phone , as he did with Thursday 's news . Asked what keeps him going at age 81 , he gave a personal answer . "  My father retired and it was virtually the end of his life , " he said . "  He really declined after that . A long time ago I made up my mind that I would find something active to do , even though I left newspapering and sort of thought I was retired . ... It is just so immensely fascinating to me and I do find that having a prolonged institutional memory about the court and about the law and particularly about the Constitution makes it even fun for me to do . And it allows me to be an even greater resource for my readers . " Just in case you 're thinking the Internet has gotten way too serious -- court reporter as meme ? -- do n't fret . There 's of course another website that chose to tell the story of the court 's decision in cat photos .	Blogger Lyle Denniston gains a degree of Internet celebrity on Thursday The 81-year-old has been writing about the Supreme Court for more than five decades The Twitter meme #teamlyle was started by his fans Denniston paid a tutor to teach him how to use the Internet in the late 1990s
CNN  -- Rescuers have saved 110 people from a ship that capsized in the waters between Australia and Indonesia and are searching for the many missing , an Australian official said Friday . The boat , that was carrying about 200 people , flipped over Thursday , authorities said , triggering the massive rescue effort . A 13-year-old boy was one of the many rescued , Australia Home Affairs Minister Jason Clare told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. . The others that were rescued were all adults , Clare said . Authorities believe all the passengers in the ship were male , according to Clare . The survivors were being transported to Christmas Island . "  Over the course of 36 hours from the time the boat capsized , my advice is that people can survive out there if they 've got either life jackets or they are able to hold onto debris , as a lot of people did through the course of yesterday , " Clare said . "  So the window is still there where we hold out the prospect of finding more people alive . " On Thursday , authorities said the vessel was 110 nautical miles northwest of Christmas Island . Indonesia has sent two warships to assist Australian rescue efforts . And Clare said four more ships would be in the area Friday to help the ships and aircraft that are already searching . Christmas Island has been the scene of another recent boat capsizing . At least 28 people died in December 2010 when a boat carrying asylum seekers crashed into cliffs near the coast of the island . Most of the people on the boat were from Iran and Iraq , a rescue worker said at the time .	The ship overturns midway between Australia and Indonesia Vessels are on the scene in hope of rescuing survivors One of those rescued was a 13-year-old boy All the other passengers were adults
The man accused of killing a dozen people in a shooting rampage at a Colorado movie theater had offered to plead guilty if authorities would spare his life . But the prosecutor denied that request Monday , announcing that he will seek the state 's highest punishment for shooting suspect James Holmes : the death penalty . "  It is my determination and my intention that in this case , for James Eagan Holmes , justice is death , " Arapahoe County District Attorney George Brauchler said . Speaking directly with dozens of victims ' family members , Brauchler said , helped inform his choice . Many of them watched the prosecutor announce his intentions in court Monday . Bryan Beard , whose close friend was killed in the massacre , said one thought ran through his mind : "  Thank goodness . I am so happy this is happening . " "  The only way death will receive justice when somebody murders somebody else is death , " Beard told CNN Denver affiliate KMGH-TV during a break in Monday 's court proceedings . "  I guess you fight fire with fire . " Beard told reporters that if Holmes is executed , he wants to attend . "  I 've already said , give me a front-row ticket . " New trial date But the legal wrangling in the case is just revving up , and Holmes ' trial wo n't begin until next year . The trial was originally scheduled for August , but a judge Monday pushed back the start date to February 3 and said it could be delayed further . Once it starts , the trial is expected to last four months . Public defender Tamara Brady argued that it is important to provide enough time to present arguments in the case . "  Your honor , this case is the most important matter this courtroom and this courthouse will ever hear , " she said . "  They 're trying to execute our client . " Last week defense attorneys filed documents saying Holmes had offered to plead guilty and spend the rest of his life behind bars in exchange for avoiding the death penalty . Prosecutors took the defense to task for publicly offering it , saying they had n't been given enough information to even consider such a deal . "  Not only improper , but grossly improper , " prosecutors said in a Thursday court filing . "  For the intended purpose of generating predictable publicity . " The case against Holmes Attorneys on both sides are under a gag order , leaving case watchers to divine tactics from court documents . Federal agents have said the 25-year-old former University of Colorado doctoral student planned the attack for months . Authorities said Holmes booby-trapped his apartment with explosives , then traveled to the movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , armed with weapons , tear gas and body armor . He planned to ambush audience members during a screening of "  The Dark Knight Rises , " authorities said , and he did . Witnesses who spoke to CNN said the gunman roamed the theater , shooting randomly as people tried to scramble away or cowered between seats . At the end of the July 20 rampage , 12 people were dead and 58 were wounded . Tom Teves , the father of shooting victim Alex Teves , told CNN 's Piers Morgan Live Monday night that he thinks Holmes should get the same mercy he showed his victims . "  I have no interest in understanding him , " he said . "  My interest would be to see him exterminated . " Attorneys prepare an insanity defense Holmes faces 166 counts of murder and attempted murder for the shooting . Last month , a judge entered a standard plea of not guilty for Holmes . His parents sat among reporters in the courtroom during Monday 's hearing . As the prosecutor announced his plans to pursue the death penalty , Holmes ' father put his arm around his mother . Both of them rocked back and forth . Eerie sounds of cell phones amid disaster Holmes ' attorneys have suggested they intend to pursue an insanity defense . In the documents filed last Wednesday , his attorneys said they were still exploring a mental health defense , "  and counsel will vigorously present and argue any and all appropriate defenses at a trial or sentencing proceeding , as necessary . " Peter Burns was outraged at the possibility of an insanity defense . His friend , Jessica Ghawi , was among those killed in the movie theater shooting . Holmes ' distracted appearance in court , he said , does n't jibe with the details investigators have revealed about a man who they said created and executed a detailed , deadly plan . "  I think this is an act , " Burns told CNN Monday . "  I think this coward that shows up every day in court with this aloof look in his eyes that he 's just spaced out -- well , I ca n't imagine somebody pulling off something like this to be in that case . I think as soon as he knows he goes into the courtroom , he knows exactly what 's going on . " Burns said he wanted Holmes to receive the toughest punishment possible , but he questioned whether the death penalty -- with the lengthy court proceedings and appeals that come with it -- was the right approach . "  We want justice , but at the same time we want closure , " he said . "  Do we ever really get closure 17 years down the road ? "	A victim 's father says James Holmes should get the same mercy he showed his victims Prosecutor : "  In this case ... justice is death " The defense said last week Holmes would plead guilty to the avoid death penalty Prosecutors criticized the move , saying it was done to generate publicity
CNN  -- A porn actor suspected of killing and dismembering a university student in Montreal "  trusts the Canadian judicial system , " his attorney said after a hearing Thursday afternoon . Luka Rocco Magnotta faces first-degree murder and other charges in the death and dismemberment of Jun Lin , a 33-year-old Concordia University student from China . The 29-year-old Magnotta has pleaded not guilty to all charges . Magnotta appeared at his initial court appearance Tuesday via video link for security reasons but appeared in person for Thursday afternoon 's hearing , said Jean Pascal Boucher , a spokesman for the Quebec prosecutor 's office . "  The information we get is that he was asked to be there by his counsel , " Boucher said . Authorities accuse Magnotta of dismembering Lin and mailing his hand and foot to Canadian politicians . Police also believe Magnotta filmed the death and dismemberment and posted the video to the Internet . They have said the video shows Magnotta engaged in sexual acts involving body parts and includes evidence of cannibalism . Investigators say Magnotta fled to France and then Germany , where he was arrested while browsing articles about himself at an Internet cafe in Berlin . Magnotta did not fight extradition and was flown back to Canada on Monday . "  Mr. Magnotta waived his rights to extradition because he wanted to come back to Montreal , " said his attorney , Luc Leclair . "  He trusts the Canadian judicial system . " Lin 's family , who traveled from their Chinese village to Canada to reclaim their son 's remains , has met with prosecutors but did not attend he hearing , Boucher said . "  We want to make sure that they will get the information about the process , to make sure that they know what happened and that we care about them , " he said . "  So we will continue to get in touch with them so that they get the information . " Leclair did not request a mental examination of his client , as had been expected . Prosecutors asked Judge Jean-Pierre Boyer to bar the publication of details of medication Magnotta was taking , however . Authorities believe that Magnotta killed Lin on May 24 or 25 , posted the video and then flew to France on May 26 . He was thought to have boarded a bus to Berlin on June 1 while police were searching for him in Paris , Berlin prosecutors have said . The sick fascination with a death video The case began when a caller complained to police about a strong smell coming from an alley behind Magnotta 's Montreal apartment building , police said . Investigators found a torso stuffed inside a suitcase . The same day , officials at Canada 's Conservative Party headquarters received a package addressed to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper that contained a foot . Officials later intercepted a package addressed to the Liberal Party that contained a hand . DNA tests showed both were Lin 's , police said . The victim 's head is still missing . A gay porn actor , stripper and escort , Magnotta was well-known to animal rights activists online , who accused him of killing kittens and using the carcasses in sexual acts . Authorities have said they were looking into the animal-abuse allegations and examining possible links to other crimes .	Luka Rocco Magnotta appeared in court Thursday The suspect "  trusts the Canadian judicial system , " his lawyer says Magnotta is charged with killing and dismembering a Chinese student He has pleaded not guilty to all charges
CNN  -- A U.S. State Department initiative that has yielded valuable intelligence by paying out large sums of money has set its sights on terror groups in North and West Africa . For the first time , the Rewards for Justice program is offering rewards for information on the leaders of three notorious groups : al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa  MUJWA  ; and the groups known as the Signed-in-Blood Battalion and Boko Haram . The highest sum is reserved for Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau : Up to $ 7 million . The group , whose name means "  Western education is forbidden , " has referred to itself as the "  Nigerian Taliban . " It seeks to overthrow the government and replace it with a regime based on Islamic law . According to Human Rights Watch , Boko Haram has killed more than 2,800 people in its escalating campaign . In August 2011 , it attacked a United Nations facility in Abuja , Nigeria , killing at least 23 people . It has also unleashed a wave of attacks on Christian churches . Also on the wanted list : $ 5 million for one-eyed veteran Islamist fighter Mokhtar Belmokhtar . He is the founder of the Signed-in-Blood Battalion , also known as the al-Mulathamun Battalion . The group claimed responsibility for an attack in January on a gas facility in Algeria . At least 37 hostages , including three U.S. citizens , died in the seizure of , and ensuing special forces assault on , the facility in In Amenas . The program has also posted rewards for information on leaders of AQIM and MUJWA . Initially involved in smuggling cigarettes , cars , drugs , and weapons , Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb has more recently engaged in attacks and in kidnappings in the Saharan region that have generated millions of dollars in ransoms . MUJWA is an AQIM offshoot , also responsible for abductions of foreigners for ransom . A track record of success The Rewards for Justice Program pays large sums of money for information that leads to the arrest or conviction of anyone who plans , commits or attempts international terrorist acts . Earlier this year , President Barack Obama expanded the program to include payments for information about people involved in transnational organized crime or foreign nationals wanted by any international criminal tribunal for war crimes or genocide . The program has a track record of gaining actionable intelligence . Since its inception in 1984 , the program has paid more than $ 125 million to more than 80 people who provided information that put terrorists behind bars or prevented acts of international terrorism worldwide . The program was central to the capture of Saddam Hussein 's sons Odai and Qusai ; Ramzi Yousef , convicted of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing ; and others . Under the Rewards for Justice Program , a $ 25 million reward was offered for information leading to the capture of Osama bin Laden .	The highest sum is reserved for Boko Haram leader Also on the wanted list is Mokhtar Belmokhtar The program has paid more than $ 125 million since 1984
CNN  -- There 's a children 's book from 1977 called The Big Orange Splot . In it , all the houses on one block look the same . Until one day , when a pelican drops a bucket of orange paint on one roof . Instead of painting over it , and returning to the status quo , Mr. Plumbean decorates the roof -- and then the facade , and then the yard -- with wild , rainbow patterns . His neighbors think he 's lost his mind . But one by one they see the beauty in individual expression , however weird and wacky it may look at first . The popular book sounds like an allegory about communism , and conformist lifestyles . And as it turns out , something similar happened in the Hungarian countryside in the 1960s , during the height of communism . The result -- those decorated houses -- are the subject of Hungarian Cubes , by Katharina Roters . From 1965 to 1988 , János Kádár ran things in Hungary . Unlike the leaders of the other Eastern Bloc countries , Kádár practiced a sort of relaxed strain of communism : the Hungarian People 's Republic had a free market , and was tolerant  more than Stalin , at least  of individual voices and public dissent . These policies ultimately became known as "  Goulash Communism . " It 's fitting , then , that during the Goulash Communism era , a peculiar architectural trend took off : People started painting the facades of their houses with abstract shapes , in wild shades of color . It might be more accurate to say a decorating , or public art movement , began to take off , because the architecture style in question began in the 1920s , long before Kádár 's time . It followed the principles of Communist urban planning : city blocks filled with square , economical row houses . They were designed for efficiency , meaning every house was the same , and every house was boring . That did n't last forever . In Hungarian Cubes , Roters documents those countryside row houses during Kádár 's reign , after residents started freewheeling with colors and shapes to make it so no two houses looked like . Roters noticed the painted "  Magyar Kocka " , or Hungarian Cube , houses in 2003 after moving from Germany to a small Hungarian town . Some of the homes have trompe l'oeil paintings around the window , like facsimiles of shutters or trimming . Others look like abstracted images of sun rays , or harvested crops . "  Today you can buy a car you like , you can do everything you like . In this uniform world where people were not allowed to have some individuality , you had to wait for the same car as your neighbor , " Roters says . "  The facade is what I can show to the outside to the world . This was a free space at this time where the people can show and express their individuality . " Roters has spent years photographing the Magyar Kocka houses . She 's met some of the original owners , but also is watching as the Cube houses undergo renovations and new paint jobs . "  The intellectual elite in Hungary they hate the kind of housing and the period and the ornamental decoration , " Roters says . In Hungarian Cubes , she writes : "  In the eyes of the rural population , these houses are simply no longer up-to-date and are therefore ... these witnesses to a way of life are slowly but surely disappearing . " The houses are a relic of some rare individualism during a time of homogeneous , community-centric thinking . Hungarian Cubes is available here , through Park Books . Read more from WIRED : Unexpected shooting targets used by the world 's armies What 's inside Sriracha that makes it so delicious ? Someone reinvented the butter knife and it is amazing How to fix your iPhone 's annoying autocorrect Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	In her new book , Hungarian Cubes , Katharina Roters highlights decorated houses from the communist era During the so-called "  Goulash Communist " period , people started painting their houses with bright colors and abstract shapes because of the lax government At the time , houses were supposed to be simple and homogenous
CNN  -- Chelsea have completed the signing of England international defender Gary Cahill from Premier League rivals Bolton Wanderers for a fee of $ 10.7 m . The 26-year-old finalized his protracted move on Monday after agreeing personal terms and passing a medical , making it the biggest English transfer so far during the January window . Cahill has signed a five-and-a-half year contract with the London club , despite doubts beginning to surface about the deal due to the length of time negotiations over his financial terms took . Who are football 's top January transfer targets ? He told the official Chelsea website : "  Chelsea are a massive club . They look to win trophies season in season out and it is a big opportunity for me to be a part of that . "  Opportunities like this , you just ca n't turn down , " added Cahill , who has won seven England caps and will be battling with Brazilian David Luiz to partner England captain John Terry at the heart of the Chelsea defense . Speaking on Saturday about Cahill 's impending arrival , Chelsea manager Andre Villas Boas told reporters : "  He has good technical abilities which is important in the way we want to play and to implement our philosophy . "  Competition will be tight for him but we brought him in to become better as a team . " Cahill joined Bolton from Aston Villa in January 2008 and developed into one of England 's top defenders during his four years at the Reebok Stadium . However , he had already indicated he was not prepared to sign a new contract , meaning Wanderers were forced to sell him or lose him for free at the end of the season . Meanwhile , the Carlos Tevez transfer saga has taken a new twist after Inter Milan president Massimo Moratti confirmed the Italian club had made a $ 31.7 million bid for Manchester City 's Argentine striker . Speaking to reporters after Inter 's 1-0 victory over city rivals AC Milan , Moratti said : "  Our offer is 25 million euros -- now it depends on them whether they accept it or not . " Inter have emerged as favorites to sign Tevez , after Milan pulled out of the race last week when their plan to sell Alexandre Pato to Paris St Germain fell through following the Brazilian 's decision to stay at the San Siro . Ironically big-spending PSG now seem the only realistic challengers for Tevez , who has fallen out of favor at City after refusing to come off the substitutes ' bench during the 3-1 Champions League defeat at Bayern Munich earlier in the season . Elsewhere in the Premier League , Blackburn central defender Chris Samba has handed in a written transfer request , despite Rovers manager Steve Kean saying the player was not for sale . The Congolese international has already been the subject of a rejected bid from QPR , while title-chasing Tottenham and French big spenders PSG have also been linked with the player . Samba issued a statement saying : "  In my five years at Blackburn I have always given 100 % in every game I have played . I have had several opportunities to leave but I have always stayed . "  I have decided now is the right time for me to pursue a new challenge and I have asked the club to respect my decision and allow me to leave . " In other transfer news , Barcelona have announced that French defender Eric Abidal has signed a new deal with the club . The 32-year-old , who had been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp , is now contracted to the European champions until June 2013 , with an option to extend the deal until 2015 . Abidal has made 177 appearances in four years with Barca , winning the Champions League twice and the Spanish La Liga three times .	Chelsea have completed the signing of Bolton central defender Gary Cahill The 26-year-old England international joins Chelsea for a fee of $ 10.7 million Cahill 's transfer is the biggest in England so far during the transfer window Eric Abidal signs a new contract with Barcelona to end speculation about his future
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A Pennsylvania judge ruled Tuesday that state officials can not enforce a new voter identification law in next month 's presidential election . The ruling by Commonwealth Court Judge Robert Simpson is expected to be appealed , but amounted to good news for Democrats who contend the voter ID law is motivated by Republican efforts to suppress the traditionally Democratic minority vote . "  It 's a huge victory in that the photo ID requirement for the November election has been blocked and people without ID will be able to vote on regular ballots , " said Witold "  Vic " Walczak , legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union in Pennsylvania . Read the documents  . PDF Supporters argue that the law signed in March by Republican Gov. Tom Corbett will prevent voter fraud and is upheld by the Constitution . "  Today 's ruling is a temporary setback , " said Horace Cooper , director of the National Center for Public Policy Research 's Voter Identification Task Force . "  Notably , the court 's ruling accepts the principle that the voter ID rules are legal . Unfortunately , the timing of the change meant that Pennsylvanians will have to wait one more election cycle before they can be sure their elections are fraud-free , " Cooper said . In his ruling , Simpson granted a preliminary injunction that temporarily halts enforcement of the law until after the November 6 election . He cited likely disqualification of eligible voters as the reason . "  Consequently , I am not still convinced in my predictive judgment that there will be no voter disenfranchisement arising out of the commonwealth 's implementation of a voter identification requirement for purposes of the upcoming election , " Simpson wrote . "  Under these circumstances , I am obliged to enter a preliminary injunction . " Sisters navigate new Pennsylvania voter ID law However , Simpson 's ruling allows other provisions of the law to stand , including voter education efforts that a photo ID is required to cast a ballot . Election officials also can ask for photo identification , but can not prevent people from voting if they do n't have it . The judge wrote that state legislators intended for election officials to request a photo ID during the transition period for the new law "  even though the vote will be counted regardless of compliance with the request . " "  The concern is that the Commonwealth 's education efforts all tell people that they need ID and if that kind of misleading message goes out , it will promote confusion on Election Day and discourage folks without ID from voting , " said Walczak . Simpson 's ruling means the full voter ID law could be enforced starting next year . His ruling said he will schedule a further hearing on whether to issue a permanent injunction . Prior to the new law , first-time voters in Pennsylvania were allowed to present documents like bank statements and utility bills in lieu of photo identification . Under the new law , all voters would have to present a valid photo ID -- one that is sanctioned by the state -- before they cast their ballots . To get a photo ID , residents must have a valid Social Security card ; an official birth certificate or U.S. citizenship documents ; and two proofs of residency , such as a utility bill or tax records . New voting measures could deter Latinos , civil rights group says Polls show President Barack Obama leading Republican challenger Mitt Romney in Pennsylvania , which has 20 electoral votes . Critics say the new law is an attempt by Republicans -- who overwhelmingly support the measure -- to gain the advantage in a close election . Corbett said the law "  sets a simple and clear standard to protect the integrity of our elections . " However , lawyers on both sides admit there are no known cases of in-person voter fraud . Civil rights organizations and attorneys filed a lawsuit in May to overturn the new law . The case made its way to the state Supreme Court , which sent the dispute back to Simpson in the Commonwealth Court . Justice Department OKs New Hampshire voter ID law Pennsylvania is one of 31 states with some form of voter ID measure in place . Most have provisional voting mechanisms for people lacking the proper identification at the polling place . Four of the states -- Georgia , Kansas , Tennessee and Indiana -- require a photo ID to cast a regular ballot . The U.S. Supreme Court upheld Indiana 's law in 2008 . Five other states , including Pennsylvania , have passed photo identification laws that now are under review or legal challenge , while seven states have less restrictive photo ID laws . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Bill Mears , David Ariosto , Sarah Hoye and Deb Feyerick contributed to this report	NEW : Several states have laws requiring photo IDs to vote Some argue the laws aim to suppress traditionally Democratic minority vote Tuesday 's ruling only applies to next month 's presidential election Supporters say the law prevents fraud ; detractors say it disenfranchises voters
CNN  -- Inter Milan boss Jose Mourinho insists he should not have been sacked by Chelsea , stoking the tension ahead of Tuesday night 's Champions League last-16 tie in London . Italian champions Inter hold a 2-1 lead after winning the first leg in the San Siro , with Mourinho making an emotional return to the club where he is still adored by fans after winning two English Premier League titles despite his acrimonious departure in 2007 . The Portuguese coach was axed by Chelsea 's billionaire Russian owner Roman Abramovich just two months into the season following a disappointing 1-1 draw with Norwegian club Rosenborg in the Champions League . He led Inter to the Serie A title in his first year in charge and the Nerazzuri top the Italian table again this season , though their lead has been cut to one point following Friday 's shock defeat by Catania . Blog : Real Madrid need Mourinho 's magic Chelsea , meanwhile , have won only the English FA Cup since his departure , with his replacement Avram Grant and then Luiz Felipe Scolari being sacked before current manager Carlo Ancelotti took over from interim boss Guus Hiddink in July 2009 . "  I feel sorry but I look forward . I feel sorry because , when I look at the big four teams while I was in England , -LSB- their managers -RSB- are all there , " Mourinho told reporters on Monday . "  Sir Alex Ferguson is here . Arsene Wenger is here . Rafa Benitez is here . I did more than enough to be here . But the decision was made . "  Chelsea looked forward . I look forward . They move on . I move on . I keep winning important things . They keep winning ... something . They won an FA Cup . "  The most important thing is the relation we have . No regrets , no big problems . Just respect . In football , coming back to an old team , it 's important to feel like I feel . It 's one of the most beautiful things in football . They move on , I move on . " However , the 47-year-old admitted having one regret about his time at Stamford Bridge -- he would have preferred to leave on his own terms after winning the FA Cup in May 2007 . "  I would have left the day after the FA Cup final after my third season . The timing was wrong . I waited three or four more months more and , after that , I left in September and I did n't enjoy my time from then to the day I went to Inter , " he said . "  For me , being away from football is too painful . If I had left Chelsea in May , I would have started the next season in a new club and I would not have been without football for six or seven months . " Mourinho , who won the Champions League in 2004 before joining Chelsea , said he still wishes to return to England in the future . "  I have , as I said before , three things to do in my career . One is to come back to English football , another thing is to win the Spanish championship , because no-one has won Italian , English and Spanish titles . And another one , when I 'm old , is to coach my national team . But , for now , I would like to keep winning with Inter . " Mourinho has had a difficult relationship with the Italian media since taking over from Roberto Mancini , now manager of English club Manchester City , and he has now come under more pressure following his latest falling-out with young striker Mario Balotelli . The 19-year-old , who was dropped by Mourinho for a month last season for reportedly not training hard enough , did not make the trip to England after missing the Catania game . Media reports claimed that the highly-rated Balotelli argued with Mourinho following a below-par performance in the previous game against Genoa , a 0-0 draw , claiming that he was ill . "  I do n't want to talk about him , " Mourinho said . "  He wo n't be here . He wo n't be at the match . "  I can explain whey I called up the other 20 players . It 's more important to talk about the players who will be there , not those that are not . " Spanish club Sevilla host CSKA Moscow in Tuesday night 's other Champions League match . The two teams drew 1-1 in the first leg in Russia last month .	Inter Milan boss Jose Mourinho insists he should not have been sacked by Chelsea in 2007 Mourinho faces former club in second leg of Champions League last-16 tie He departed London club after falling out with billionaire owner Roman Abramovich Inter take a 2-1 lead into Tuesday night 's match after winning the home leg in Italy
Islamabad  CNN  -- When Nusrat Begum walks in to our Islamabad office she arrives accompanied by her 17-year-old son and her brother . Where she is from , in Pakistan 's tribal border region close to Afghanistan , it would be unthinkable if she did n't have male relatives with her . Even so I am struck that while campaigning for one of the most powerful jobs in the land , to be a member of Parliament , she is hobbled in a way no male candidate will be . As she puts it , "  As a woman it 's hard because women are helpless and men are more confident so they have an advantage and can do anything . " Despite the strictures on her life , she has respect for her roots . When we first talk she begins her opening remarks , "  Bismullah , " in the name of God . It is a sign of respect for all she has grown up with . Nevertheless her campaign to be the first female representative from her tribal region is against the current of its conservative tribal and religious culture which , for the most part , relegates women to a life of relative drudgery , child-rearing and cooking . Her own experiences are a little different . In the mountainous region of Dir where she is from she is the one in her family who draws water from the well at their house . She alone cooks the family food over an open fire in the yard , and when it 's all done she alone washes the dishes while crouching in the dirt . It is a heritage that is holding back so many of Begum 's contemporaries , but not her . I want "  to give women their rights , the rights that they deserve , I have come out to help people and help the poor people , " she tells me . After just a short conversation it is easy to see why she above others might be willing to raise herself up . There is a strength and determination about her which she is all too aware she will need . "  Dir is very conservative , but I came out because I wanted things to get better , so there can be peace , and end unemployment and to do something for our country . " It is a risky campaign made more dangerous by the Taliban . Where she comes from in Dir , they are never far away and she is challenging all that they stand for . The Taliban do n't want to see women educated , they want a status quo , even a regression where women will have a lesser role than Victorian children . Back then children were at least seen if not heard , the Taliban -- if they could -- would silence women forever and confine them to their homes . But Begum sees what 's happening in Pakistan 's bigger cities where women have even become government ministers . "  The times have changed , there 's a lot of progress , women are coming out , and going to school , going to their jobs . Some are engineers , some work with computers , some are teachers . " Her campaign is a tough one , a seven-year veteran of cricket star-turned-politician Imran Khan 's party , she had hoped to be picked to represent him in the region . Instead that pick went to a man . Khan 's party officials tell me they have to respect candidates who 've been with the fledgling party longest and put them forward . Begum fears backhanders have been paid by the other candidate so he can benefit from the boost party backing will undoubtedly bring him . The facts may never be known . Khan 's party is fighting in part on an anti-corruption ticket but if Begum struggles to win the support of Khan 's party , which prides itself as progressive and pushing women 's issues , it shows Begum 's fight is far from done . If she does make it to elected office , she knows exactly where to start to turn her region 's centuries-old attitudes to women . "  With education they can look after their children and do something for their people and country , moving forward . " Today , where Begum stands , that seems like a long shot , but in a generation , if she gets her way , old attitudes could fade and women assume a fuller role in shaping Pakistan 's future .	Nusrat Begum the first female parliamentary candidate from her tribal region She 's campaigning for election but must still be accompanied by a male family member Pakistan polls open on Saturday after campaigning marred by violence Begum wants "  to give women their rights , the rights that they deserve "
CNN  -- The worldwide burgeoning of obesity and diabetes , including in developing nations , is causing increasing alarm . This week , the United Nations is bringing attention to these and other noncommunicable diseases at the General Assembly meeting in New York on the prevention of noncommunicable diseases . But global funding shortfalls , the reality that obesity and diabetes affect the rich and middle class more than other socioeconomic groups and the absence of a proactive civil society will create few incentives for politicians in developing nations to take U.N. resolutions seriously . According to the World Health Organization , worldwide obesity rates have more than doubled since 1980 . In 2008 , 1.5 billion adults were overweight ; of this , 200 million men and about 300 million women were obese . Of the global population , 65 % live in countries where being overweight kills more people than being underweight . And in 2010 , nearly 43 million kids under the age of 5 were overweight . The numbers are just as staggering for diabetes . The WHO claims that roughly 346 million people worldwide suffer from this disease . In 2004 , an estimated 34 million people died as a consequence of it . This week , the U.N. General Assembly will establish new policy resolutions that nations should adopt , with a focus on three key areas : to acknowledge the rising incidence and consequences of these health threats , to strengthen national institutional capabilities as well as policies for prevention and to foster greater international cooperation . Delegates will also discuss the creation of a U.N. monitoring framework that will track the growth of noncommunicable diseases . Nations are also expected to agree formally that by 2012 , they will submit their policy recommendations and commitments to the General Assembly . What 's the big deal about this meeting ? It 's a big deal because this will be only the second time that the United Nations has convened to discuss health issues . The first time was in 2001 when it addressed the HIV/AIDS crisis . Including a focus on obesity and diabetes is also significant because it is the first time that these health issues have reached this level of U.N. attention . Previously , obesity and diabetes were addressed only through WHO regional reports and conferences , most recently with the WHO 's 2004 report "  Global Strategy on Diet , Physical Activity , and Health , " which failed to garner the attention of the entire U.N. system . The assembly meeting is also significant because , as the governing body of the World Bank and the WHO , the United Nations sends a clear message to these institutions that they need to increase their financial and technical support to combat these health threats . But will developing nations take the new U.N. resolutions seriously ? Probably not , and for several reasons . The first simply has to do with the availability of international funding for obesity and diabetes , especially when compared with HIV/AIDS . The focus on HIV/AIDS has created an international bias in favor of committing more funding for HIV/AIDS rather than obesity and diabetes . International financial support for obesity and diabetes has been minimal at best . The U.N. 's International Diabetes Federation recently stated that most bilateral and multilateral funding does not provide funding for obesity , diabetes and other related noncommunicable diseases , while only 0.9 % of the $ 22 billion spent on international health is provided for these diseases . What 's more , the assembly 's draft resolution does not make the need to raise funding for obesity , diabetes and other noncommunicable diseases a priority . Also , because the resolution says nothing about creating a new Global Fund for noncommunicable diseases , there is serious doubt that increased financial support will emerge . Second , in many developing nations , obesity and diabetes is still seen as an epidemic that mainly affects the rich . When most of the population is malnourished , politicians do not see a need to introduce new legislation for obesity and diabetes . In some nations , such as China , obesity is seen as a sign of good fortune . But ignoring the diseases will contribute to high health care costs , especially as nations strive for universal coverage and as the rich and middle classes grow . Finally , developing nations are unlikely to respond to new resolutions because there is little civil societal pressures to do so . In most nations , no proactive , well-organized civic movement has emerged in response to obesity and diabetes . While some exceptions exist , such as India 's All India Association for Advancing Research in Obesity and China 's Chinese Diabetes Society , they lack adequate funding , domestic and international support . The U.N. meeting this week will certainly raise a lot of eyebrows and draw attention . But until the United Nations and other international bodies commit serious financial resources to help developing nations tackle obesity , diabetes and other noncommunicable diseases , until governments overcome their political perceptions and until civil society mobilizes and pressures governments for a response , high-end U.N. meetings will only succeed in doing what they do best : writing reports , venting complaints and pointing fingers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eduardo J. Gómez .	Eduardo Gómez : U.N meeting this week to address diseases , including obesity , diabetes After HIV/AIDS , it is only second time U.N. has addressed health issues , he says Gómez : Developing nations not likely to take these U.N. resolutions seriously He says developing nations need funding , motivation to tackle obesity , diabetes
CNN  -- Another round of severe weather threatened America 's heartland on Tuesday , with tornado watches posted across parts of Nebraska , Iowa , Missouri and Kansas . At least one tornado touched down in north-central Kansas on Tuesday afternoon , causing damage to some homes and power lines in the rural area , the National Weather Service reported . Six farms in and around Corning , Kansas , were struck , one of which was completely destroyed , said Nemaha County emergency manager Todd Swart . "  I imagine there are some dead hogs , " Swart said Tuesday night , "  but we have no reports of  human  injuries or deaths . We are still working to restore power . " Firefighters went out to assess another reported tornado 6 miles east in Goff but did n't come across any damage , according to Swart . A tornado 's heading your way : Now what ? Later on Tuesday evening , strong winds -- which National Weather Service reports said may have been a tornado , though local police said they were more likely the result of potent straight-line winds -- caused damage near Waterford , Pennsylvania . This northwestern Pennsylvania town is about 15 miles south of Erie . The storms came a day after straight-line winds of up to 80 mph whipped the Springfield , Illinois , area . A microburst spawned by a severe thunderstorm damaged about 70 trailers . Oklahoma : One week later "  The damage occurred from debris . Tree limbs at a height of 10 to 20 feet were broken and they damaged the roofs of the mobile homes , " said David Butt , director of the Sangamon County Office of Emergency Management . "  No roofs were torn off . No roofs were peeled back . The only damage to roofs was being penetrated by wind-blown debris . " One person suffered a minor laceration in the process , Butt said . Opinion : Tornado risk goes beyond the ` Alley ' The weather service 's Storm Prediction Center is forecasting even more severe weather on Wednesday . Areas most likely to see such conditions include much of central Oklahoma , Nebraska and Kansas . This will most likely occur in the form of severe thunderstorms , though the forecast notes there 's also a greater probability than usual of "  large hail , damaging winds and tornadoes . " A larger area has a slight chance of severe weather , including the cities of Des Moines , Iowa ; St. Louis , Missouri ; most of South Dakota ; and much of Texas , including Dallas and Fort Worth . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Carma Hassan contributed to this report	NEW : Official : A reported tornado damages 6 farms in Kansas , totally destroying 1 Strong winds cause damage in northwestern Pennsylvania There 's a moderate chance of severe weather in Oklahoma , Nebraska
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Even though she was born without arms , Jessica Cox never says "  ca n't . " Jessica Cox , 25 , uses her life story to inspire young people to face challenges head-on . She was determined to become a pilot , and she did . Not only has she mastered flying with her feet , but she also earned a black belt in tae kwon do and can legally drive a car . Cox also conquered otherwise mundane challenges like putting in contacts , text messaging , and applying makeup . Instead of saying she ca n't do something , Cox prefers to say , "  I have n't figured it out yet . " Watch more of the interview with Jessica Cox " CNN 's Nicole Lapin spoke to Cox about her determination to overcome obstacles . The following is an edited transcript of the interview : Nicole Lapin : -LSB- Your dad -RSB- said to us he never shed a tear for you . Jessica Cox : He never saw me as a victim . I never had that as an excuse , that I was a victim of my condition . This is just who I am and I 'm not a victim of anything . Lapin : We have a question from our Web site that said , "  What motivated you to become a pilot , Jessica ? " Cox : Actually , flying was my greatest fear . Eleanor Roosevelt once said , "  Identify your greatest fear and walk directly at it . " And that 's how it has been for me as a student pilot and learning how to fly an airplane . The first time , a fighter pilot , he came up and asked me if I would like to fly , and I did n't answer right away because it was my fear . But , when -LSB- someone -RSB- offered to take me up in a Cessna for the first time , I thought about it for a while and said what great opportunity , to attempt to fly an airplane . Lapin : You use your right foot on the throttle , left foot on the yoke and up you go . Cox : Yes . Lapin : We have another question in from -LSB- a viewer -RSB- who wants to know , "  What do you think could be different if you had both arms ? " You would n't want anything different ? Cox : I mean , I would have a whole different life . So there is really no way to know where to start on that , because this is my life and I would n't trade it for the world , to be honest with you . And so , to think about that , I do n't even know if I 'd want to waste the time to even think about how my life would be different , because I enjoy it as it is now . Lapin : What kind of advice would you give young people today ? Cox : Well , I think that it 's important to not allow our fears to stand in the way of our opportunities . And for me , I had this great fear of flying . And I knew I could n't pass up the opportunity . Three and a half years later , after confronting my fear and saying I 'm going to do it anyway , I 'm now certified . -LSB- However -RSB- just because you confront your fear does n't necessarily mean that you can overcome it , because I still have a little bit of fear , and fear is a good thing . Lapin : We all do . Cox : Yes . So , I think that it is important not to allow our fear to stand in the way of any opportunity and stand in the way of achieving whatever we set out to accomplish .	Jessica Cox , 25 , was born with no arms Accustomed to not having arms , she decided against using prosthetics Cox is a certified pilot , black belt in tae kwon do and licensed driver Her advice : Do n't let fear stand in the way of opportunity
CNN  -- The captain and second officer of a container ship that ran aground last year resulting in New Zealand 's worst maritime environmental disaster , pleaded guilty Wednesday to a range of charges . At a court in Tauranga in northeastern New Zealand , the two men pleaded guilty to ten of eleven charges brought by Maritime New Zealand , which included operating a vessel in a dangerous manner , discharging harmful substances and perverting the course of justice by altering ship documents . The identities of the men , both Filipinos , have been suppressed . Currently remanded on bail , they will be sentenced on May 25 , according to a statement from Maritime New Zealand . Willfully perverting justice carries the heaviest maximum penalty of the charges , with seven years of imprisonment . The cargo vessel , Rena , hit a reef off Tauranga in clear conditions on October 5 . At least 350 tonnes of fuel oil spewed into the sea , killing thousands of sea birds and contaminating the beaches of Tauranga 's Bay of Plenty . Efforts to clean tainted beaches and salvage the containers and debris from the stricken ship are still underway .	Captain and second officer plead guilty to charges including operating a vessel in dangerous manner The men will be sentenced on May 25 , with the heaviest maximum penalty seven years imprisonment Massive salvage and clean-up operations along New Zealand coastline are still underway
KAMPALA , Uganda  CNN  -- A fight between Ugandan and Libyan presidential guards sparked chaos during a ceremony attended by the heads of state from 11 African nations on Wednesday . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni attend the opening of the mosque . Several of the guards to the visiting heads of state from Kenya , Tanzania , Burundi , Rwanda , Mali , Somalia , Sudan and Djibouti sustained serious injuries in the fight , which included punches , kicks and the drawing of guns . No leaders were hurt in the melee , though several were knocked over . Several journalists also were caught up in the fracas and suffered injuries or lost their grips on cameras and recorders . The incident occurred at the opening of a massive Gadhafi National Mosque in Kampala , a structure begun by the late Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in 1972 and completed with financing from Libya , according to African media reports . Minutes after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and his host , Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni , jointly unveiled a plaque to mark the event , the Libyan guards pushed away the guards of other delegations at the mosque 's entrance . The Ugandan guards -- who had traded hostilities with the predominantly-Arab Libyan guards at every joint event since Gadhafi 's arrival in the country Sunday -- reacted with fury and fought back . Museveni briefly lost his balance when a hefty Libyan guard pushed him to a wall . Another Libyan guard pushed Rwandan President Paul Kagame , who also lost his balance but was caught by his own guards . The vice president of Tanzania was knocked over by fighting guards as he was taking his shoes off to enter the mosque . Guards to the rest of the visiting presidents and prime ministers kept their respective leaders out of the fray , with some drawing their guns as the dignitaries looked on in disbelief . Some leaders -- notably those from Somalia , Burundi and Djibouti -- were visibly uneasy as guns were drawn on all sides . By the time the fight was over more than six minutes later , about a dozen presidential guards were left bleeding from compound fractures and the Libyan and Ugandan protocol officials traded bitter accusations of disrespect and racism . "  What are your people up to ? Do you want to kill our leader ? " a Libyan protocol official said to his Ugandan counterpart . The Ugandan official , who declined to be named , shouted back , "  Why do think you 're superior ? What makes you think Uganda has any ill intention against Gadhafi ? " The Ugandan official said Museveni 's guards were simply doing their job as security for the host country and had a right to respond when the Libyan guards pushed them back . It has taken 36 years to complete the giant mosque on a hill in the heart of Kampala . It used to be a colonial fort named after British Capt. Frederick Lugard . The mosque can accommodate as many as 17,000 people at one time , according to the engineers , who call it the largest mosque in sub-Saharan Africa . Many Muslims interviewed said the mosque 's opening evoked sweet memories of Amin , the deceased dictator . "  It is a great day and thanks be to Allah for the completion , " said Salim Abdul Noor , 39 . "  This should remind us that while Amin is demonized as Africa 's worst dictator , there are many things he did for this country that successive governments largely depend on , and much of the completed installations and structures like this beautiful mosque was Amin 's dream , may Allah rest him in peace . " The Swedish vice president of the European Islamic Conference , Adly Abu Hajar , 57 , said the mosque heals rifts in a religion introduced to Uganda in 1844 by Arab slave traders . "  I find this complex has brought unity among Muslims in Uganda . There have been so many factions , but this attraction has brought them together , identifying themselves with a common home . " The fight prompted a crisis meeting by Ugandan security authorities , after which invited diplomats from mainly the European missions in Uganda expressed dismay . "  It 's disgrace . It shows there is something wrong yet unknown between the two parties , " said the head of one European mission in Kampala , who declined to be named . The police chief , Maj. Gen. Kale Kayihura , and the head of the army , Gen. Aronda Nyakairima , declined to comment on the fight . But Capt. Edison Kwesiga , the spokesman of the Ugandan Presidential Guard Brigade , confirmed their hostile relationship with the Libyans . "  It is our responsibility to ensure the safety of any visiting head of state . We have to do our job using any means . But our Libyan brothers always want us to fail . True , it 's not the first time they come and act as you see , " Kwesiga said . E-mail to a friend	Ugandan officer reports tensions with Libyan leader 's guards during visit Leaders gathered for opening of massive mosque in Kampala , Uganda About a dozen presidential guards seen bleeding from compound fractures
Bethesda , Maryland  CNN  -- The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced Thursday a recall of pourable gel fuels used in outdoor decorative lighting because of burn and flash fire hazards . The voluntary recall , ahead of the Labor Day weekend , covers about 2 million bottles and jugs of gel fuel , and it follows a similar recall and warning in June . Incidents of flash fires and burns have been reported when consumers add the gel to an already burning fire pot . The CPSC says the agency has received reports of at least 65 incidents , including two deaths , 75 injuries , and 34 victims hospitalized with second and third degree burns . Because of the alcohol base of the product , the CPSC says the fires spread easily , sometimes resulting in injuries to more than one person , and they are difficult to put out . "  The standard way of putting out flame does n't work . Water very rarely works . Patting it or smothering the flame does not work . So you have to use a dry chemical extinguisher to get the flame out , " CPSC Chairman Inez Tenenbaum told CNN . The nine manufacturers and distributors involved in the voluntary recall include Bird Brain , Bond Manufacturing , Sunjel , Fuel Barons , Lamplight Farms , Luminosities , Pacific Decor , Real Flame , and Smart Solar USA . CPSC said a tenth manufacturer , Marshall Group , backed out of a recall agreement at the last-minute . Tenenbaum also said the nine companies agreed to recall the items only if the CPSC would not show a video made in their laboratory of the products exploding . The recalled gel fuel has been sold by retailers since 2008 . The CPSC and Napa Home & Garden recalled 460,000 bottles and jugs of gel fuel in June , and the CPSC recommends the removal of all remaining gel fuel stock from store shelves . For information on how to obtain a refund , consumers can visit cpsc.gov .	Flash fires and burns have been reported when consumers add the gel to an already burning pot "  The standard way of putting out flame does n't work , " CPSC official says The agency has received reports of at least 65 incidents , including two deaths
London  CNN  -- Like many other 18-year-olds , Nina Siren is on the point of graduating from high school . Unlike her peers , she has spent more than half her short life fighting to prevent the destruction of her home , culture and indigenous community in the interests of oil exploration . Zimbabwean women 's rights activist Jenni Williams , 50 , has been arrested 43 times in the course of peaceful protest activities and now faces criminal charges she says are trumped up by the authorities . Omar Assil , who took part in protests in Damascus last year before leaving his homeland for the UK , now works with other young Syrians to give nonviolent support for the pro-democracy movement . They are just three of the protesters who through their actions have helped make 2011 a "  truly tumultuous year , " in the words of Amnesty International 's 50th annual report on the state of global human rights , released Thursday . The dramatic scenes of the Arab Spring have kept protesters in the Middle East and North Africa in the headlines , especially as voters in Egypt take part in a landmark presidential election this week . But Amnesty also lauds the often unseen efforts of demonstrators elsewhere in Africa , Asia , Europe and the Americas last year . At the same time , the rights group is scathing in its criticism of a "  failure of leadership " at local and international level , saying those in power have left protest movements to fend for themselves as they take on tyranny and injustice . "  Failed leadership has gone global in the last year , with politicians responding to protests with brutality or indifference , " said Salil Shetty , Amnesty International Secretary General , launching the report in London . "  Governments must show legitimate leadership and reject injustice by protecting the powerless and restraining the powerful . It is time to put people before corporations and rights before profits . " Shetty singled out the U.N. Security Council for its failure to act effectively in both Syria and Sri Lanka , saying it left the body seeming "  tired , out of step and increasingly unfit for purpose . " "  In the last year it has all too often become clear that opportunistic alliances and financial interests have trumped human rights as global powers jockey for influence in the Middle East and North Africa , " said Shetty . "  The language of human rights is adopted when it serves political or corporate agendas , and shelved when inconvenient or standing in the way of profit . " Forced to move from a remote corner of the Ecuadorian Amazon to Sweden four years ago amid death threats following her community 's opposition to the planned oil project , Nina Siren has been part of the fight to preserve the way of life of the indigenous Kichwa people of Sarayaku since she was 7 or 8 years old . That was when she heard a representative of the oil company that wants to develop their community 's pristine land -- a project Amnesty says is backed by the government -- offer just $ 60,000 in return , or roughly $ 15 per person . "  I was just a child but I understood that I would never give up my land , " Siren said . "  I wanted to ask him why he was trying to give me $ 15 to destroy my land and drive me out of there . I think that was the first moment when I realized that this was going to be a very long struggle . " For four years after they fled to Sweden , it was too dangerous for the family to return to their homeland . "  To know we could n't go back to see my family , my village -- it was horrible , horrible , " said Siren , who is now able to travel home once or twice a year . But despite the obstacles they have faced , Siren and her mother , Noemi Gualinga , have helped take their community 's decade-long battle all the way to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in Costa Rica . Now they are anxiously awaiting its judgment , expected in the coming months . That verdict could impact on thousands of indigenous communities in Ecuador and beyond who want their governments to adhere to international human rights law that requires them to consult with indigenous peoples before giving developments on their land the go-ahead . Gualinga said the arrival of oil companies on their land would have meant "  the end of our culture and our way of life . " The indigenous community has used the Internet to get its message out to the international community , Siren said , in an echo of protest movements elsewhere . And witnessing the Arab Spring movement has helped the Sarayaku people in their struggle . Young upstarts plotting Mid East art revolution "  I feel very inspired when I see in the news other people doing similar things to us , " said Gualinga . "  Before we used to feel very alone ... and now we can see that we are not the only ones , so that definitely brings hope . " For Jenni Williams , the revolutions of the Arab Spring have been both an inspiration and a driver for the Zimbabwean government 's increasingly harsh crackdown on protests at home . As executive director and founding member of Women of Zimbabwe Arise  WOZA  , she leads a movement of 80,000 human rights activists who seek to improve the everyday lives of the southern African nation 's women . She accuses the authorities under President Robert Mugabe , who has ruled Zimbabwe for 32 years , of misusing their powers to suppress protest and hold onto power , through arrests and intimidation . "  That 's how these dictators are entrenching themselves , and we , the activists , have to find a response to that , " Williams said . "  How do you dodge a bullet and make a ballot count ? " Amnesty International 's report highlights the arrests , detention and torture of human rights defenders by a partisan police force who , it says , failed to take action against members of Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party when they "  harassed , intimidated or beat up perceived political opponents . " "  The Arab Spring has been an inspiration , but since that we 've been viewed as a national security threat , " Williams said . "  We are a women 's movement using peaceful protests but it has  led to  increased monitoring , surveillance and charges against us . " Nonetheless , she and others will continue to make a stand for justice and equality for women , she said . Omar Assil of the Syrian Non Violence Movement is similarly determined , despite the unrest that continues to wrack Syria more than a year after the government 's crackdown on protest first began . "  We see that people are still demonstrating , they still have hope for change , and they still insist on going out in the streets regardless of all the danger they face , " he said . Amnesty International says "  inaction over crimes against humanity in Syria " -- owing in large part to the vetoes wielded by Russia and China -- has left the U.N. Security Council " looking redundant as a guardian of global peace . " And it challenges the United Nations to do better when it meets to agree an Arms Trade Treaty in July , saying this is the "  acid test for politicians to place rights over self-interest and profit . " Millions of people around the world have marched in defense of human rights , Amnesty says , and it 's time for the world 's leaders to step up to the plate . "  Protesters have shown that change is possible . They have thrown down a gauntlet demanding that governments stand up for justice , equality and dignity , " said Shetty , Amnesty 's secretary general . "  They have shown that leaders who do n't meet these expectations will no longer be accepted . After an inauspicious start 2012 must become the year of action . "	Amnesty International 's annual report on global human rights lauds the courage of protesters There has been a failure of leadership by the world 's politicians , says Amnesty chief Salil Shetty The U.N. Security Council has failed to intervene to protect ordinary people , he says Activists around the world helped make 2011 a "  truly tumultuous year , " Amnesty says
CNN  -- Two tank barges loaded with light crude oil struck a bridge in the Mississippi River early Sunday morning . The Coast Guard said it was trying to determine how many gallons may have been spilled into the river near Vicksburg , Mississippi . The tank that was leaking contained 80,000 gallons of oil . A Coast Guard team has stopped the source of the spill , the agency said in a news release . The river is closed from mile marker 425 to 441 . No one was injured in the accident , which happened at 1:30 a.m. . The Mississippi River at Vicksburg moves about 890,000 cubic feet of water per second , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . If the vessel were to lose all its oil , that would be about 11,000 cubic feet . In February 2012 a tanker barge spilled 10,000 gallons of oil into the Mississippi after a collision near New Orleans . The Coast Guard drained the barge and towed it to a repair facility . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Two barges strike bridge near Vicksburg , Mississippi , and one leaks oil The barge that was leaking was carrying 80,000 gallons of oil The Coast Guard is not sure about how many gallons were spilled No one injured in accident ; Mississippi River was closed for 16 miles
CNN  -- Alaskan authorities say there 's no evidence to back up a 19-year-old Pennsylvania woman 's claim that one of the countless killings she carried out was in their state . Miranda Barbour told a newspaper reporter over the weekend that she killed so many people across so many states in the last six years that she lost count . She told the Daily Item newspaper in Sunbury , Pennsylvania , that the killings spanned from Alaska to North Carolina . However , Alaska State Troopers said Tuesday Barbour 's claims do n't bear out -- at least in their state . "  At this time the Alaska State Troopers are not aware of any information -- beyond Barbour 's comments quoted in the press -- or evidence that would implicate Barbour with a homicide committed in Alaska , " a statement from the agency said . The agency said it has been in contact with Pennsylvania authorities . "  We will follow up on any credible lead that is provided to us , " the statement said . Claims invite skepticism Barbour told the newspaper that she began killing when she was 13 . She took credit for more than 22 but fewer than 100 killings , Daily Item reporter Francis Scarcella told CNN affiliate WNEP . Authorities have n't verified her claims , although they are investigating . Many are skeptical . Barbour and her husband , Elytte Barbour , 22 , do face murder charges in the 2013 death of 42-year-old Troy LaFerrara , who police say the couple lured with a Craigslist ad , strangled , repeatedly stabbed and dumped in a yard . If her other claims are true , Barbour would be one of the nation 's most prolific serial killers . Gary Ridgway , known as the Green River Killer , pleaded guilty to killing 49 women in Washington state in the 1980s and 1990s . Randy Steven Kraft may have killed as many as 65 young men in the 1970s and early 1980s . Based on the numbers she gave Scarcella , Barbour would have had to kill on average somewhere between every three weeks and every three months . For six years . Without leaving a trace . Yet in the 2013 killing , police documents show Barbour told police she and her husband could n't clean up all the blood LaFerrara 's killing left in her CR-V , and that one of the ways investigators traced the killing to her was her own cell phone . The last number dialed on LaFerrara 's phone led to Barbour , according to police . Even the prosecutor who hopes to convict the couple , Northumberland County District Attorney Tony Rosini , said he discounts Barbour 's other claims . "  As of this date , there has been no verification of any of the information that has been subject of media coverage regarding prior acts of the defendant , Miranda Barbour , " Rosini said in a statement . "  Any information regarding crimes committed in other jurisdictions has been or will be forwarded to the appropriate law enforcement agencies and the FBI for further investigation , " he said . Woman accused in Craigslist slaying tells newspaper : I 've killed lots of others CNN 's Susan Cadiotti , Matt Smith and Mike Pearson contributed to this report .	Troopers : We are not aware of any information ... or evidence Miranda Barbour told reporter she had killed repeatedly before Police are investigating but many are skeptical about her claims
CNN  You think March Madness is all about basketball ? Think again . Sure , millions will be watching the 2015 NCAA Men 's Basketball Tournament to see whether Kentucky 's bid for an unbeaten season can be quashed or whether a 14 seed can make it to the Final Four . But the popularity of the tournament also spawns another kind of madness -- one that includes college applications , vasectomies and HDTV upgrades . What are the odds ?  Probably a heck of a lot better than picking a perfect bracket . Here are some of the more unusual aspects of the Big Dance : Glass slipper , golden payoff Cinderella teams do n't just provide a couple weeks ' entertainment ; according to some studies , their success has long-term effects . Thanks to exposure from the NCAAs , such teams as Florida Gulf Coast and George Mason see rises in applications and endowments . Academics call it the "  Flutie Effect " after the charge Boston College received from a last-second 1984 win against Miami , thanks to a Hail Mary pass from quarterback Doug Flutie .  Go ahead and watch it again , we 'll wait . Experts debate how much of an influence athletic wins have on admissions , but there 's no question a Cinderella turn gives schools greater exposure , which certainly ca n't hurt . George Mason , which went to the Final Four in 2006 , and Gonzaga , which broke into nationwide consciousness in the late '90s , saw applications go up after their turn on stage . Money in the basket March Madness pulls in more national TV revenue  as of 2013  than any other postseason sports franchise : $ 1.15 billion . A lot of that money comes from fast-food franchises , which know you like to eat while watching the games . And those franchises may benefit more from losses than wins . According to WalletHub , there 's a 19 % increase in pizza orders and a 9 % rise in dessert orders by fans after their teams lose . Investors certainly know it : Buffalo Wild Wings stock has traditionally gone up in March . Making the cut Doctors report up to a 50 % rise in the number of vasectomies during the NCAA tournament . Well , if you have to spend a few days resting on the couch ... Everybody into the pool According to a survey by the outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas , 50 million Americans participate in March Madness pools . Productivity , shmoductivity , part 1 All that bracket-filling costs employers an estimated $ 1.2 billion in unproductive workers  assuming each worker spends an hour filling out a bracket  . That may be low . WalletHub puts the figure at $ 1.9 billion . For all that , employers say the tournament is a net positive on morale . Productivity , shmoductivity , part 2 Twenty-seven percent of respondents to one 2014 survey say they watch games at work .  That could explain the morale situation . Would you like an upgrade with that ? According to the same 2014 survey , 12 % would upgrade to HDTV if their favorite team made it to the Sweet Sixteen .  As of 2014 , 59 % of U.S. households have HDTV . Bet on the humans Of the 76 champions , almost one-third -- 25 -- have had mascots based on a human figure , such as Hoosiers and Tar Heels . Fourteen have been bear-related  largely thanks to UCLA 's Bruins , who have won 11 championships  and 10 have been feline  Kentucky 's Wildcats , mainly  . Perhaps you should play the lottery Odds of picking a perfect bracket are 9.2 quintillion to 1 , assuming each team has a 50 % chance of winning every game . Odds of winning Powerball : about 175 million to 1 . Good luck ! Face off against your favorite anchors in the CNN March Madness bracket challenge TBS , TNT and truTV all air portions of the NCAA tournament . Those networks are part of Time Warner , as is CNN .	March Madness inspires men to get vasectomies , discourages working Pizza sales go up after losses -- and so do dessert sales Will your team make it to the Sweet 16 ? Might be time to upgrade your TV
CNN  -- The stakes are high this November , for the strength of our economy and the direction of our country . For me , like a lot of us , the stakes are also personal : The choice I make in the voting booth will significantly affect my friends , my loved ones and my generation . Like many millennials , I am concerned about the job market and costs of college . And I 'm worried about access to affordable health care for all . But I could never have predicted just how intensely personal this election would become . When I was publicly attacked for testifying before members of Congress , I became even more keenly aware that the rights that generations of women fought so hard to achieve could be rolled back easily . That began a national conversation that I believe highlighted President Barack Obama and former Gov. Mitt Romney 's vastly different values and visions . Obama is committed to rebuilding our economy upon the values of fairness and opportunity and the belief that all Americans , both men and women , must have the rights they deserve . That 's why I 'm proud to endorse his re-election . He 's demonstrated those values since he moved into the Oval Office . The first law he signed was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , which empowers women to challenge pay discrimination in the workplace . He 's now asking Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to help stop pay discrimination before it starts and close the 23 % gap between women 's earnings and men 's earnings . Obama also made college more affordable by doubling our investment in Pell Grant scholarships , giving students tuition tax breaks and by fighting to keep interest rates low on student loans . He 's helping millions of students graduate without the weight of unbearable loans and financial insecurity . Most importantly , Obamacare is providing vital health coverage for millions of young Americans , especially women and families . When the reforms are fully in effect , we will no longer be denied coverage because of a preexisting condition or charged more for insurance because we are women . We will finally have affordable access to preventive care , such as prenatal exams , cancer screenings and contraception . Health reform makes real the fair premise that our access to basic health care should n't depend on where we work , where we go to school or what gender we are . Opinion : Slurs wo n't silence women Obama has moved our country forward by working not only to ensure Americans ' prosperity , but also by guaranteeing that our rights are protected and we all have opportunities to succeed . By comparison , Romney has offered only frightening promises to send us backward . On fair pay for women , Romney says he wo n't do anything to make the situation worse ; this is little comfort when he then says he wo n't do anything to make it better . He wo n't tell us whether he would have signed the Lilly Ledbetter law , and he failed to stand up to congressional Republicans who opposed the Paycheck Fairness Act . Romney would cut his own taxes , but make college more expensive for young people just getting on their feet . Those are n't the values we want in a president -- and they 're a stark contrast to Obama , who would raise his own taxes and keep cutting them for the middle class . Romney would allow the college tax credit expire for millions of middle-class families and embraced the congressional Republican budget that would let student loan interest rates double . Instead of explaining how he would improve Americans ' access to health care , Romney says only that he would "  repeal Obamacare " and "  kill it dead on its first day . " In practical terms , that means Romney would strip health care coverage from the more than 6.6 million young Americans who , thanks to Obamacare , are not being dropped from their parents ' insurance coverage . He would allow insurance companies to keep charging women a billion dollars more every year than they charge men . He would eliminate mandatory preventative care coverage despite its life-saving benefits . In this , Romney has revealed an alarming lack of the vision required to lead . Fundamentally , it 's that capacity for leadership that is most important in a president , which brings me back to the national conversation fueled by the verbal assault I experienced earlier this year . In the aftermath of those attacks , I was heartened by the many Americans of all political stripes who reached out to me and supported me . They knew that whether we agree or disagree , as Americans we defend one another 's right to speak before our elected officials without enduring personal attacks . Obama responded as so many Americans did , by condemning those attacks as antithetical to our democracy . Romney , when pressed to address those attacks , could only say , "  Those are n't the words I would have chosen . " If Romney lacks the leadership to stand up to extremists in his own party , then he 's not the president we need . At a time when women 's rights especially are under virulent attack , we can not elect a leader who wo n't or ca n't stand up to those extremists and protect the rights that generations of women have fought so hard to ensure . Thankfully , we do n't have to . We have a president who has consistently shown he will defend those rights while working to ensure that all women and men have all the protections and opportunities they need to pursue economic success . But if we 're going to keep Obama in the White House , we need to get involved , get out the vote and do what Romney refuses to do on everything from fair pay to women 's rights : speak up . I 'll never stop speaking up , and I hope you 'll join me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sandra Fluke .	Sandra Fluke says stakes are high in the election , which is extremely personal for her Fluke : Attacks on me brought home how easily women 's rights can be taken away Romney is anti-middle class and anti-women , she says , and panders to extremists Fluke : We need to support Obama , who has the vision and values for a better America
Washington  CNN  -- Scuba divers , take note : Please leave your spear guns at home , or place them in your checked luggage . But do not try to bring them on a plane . A passenger at a New York-area airport learned that lesson the hard way last week when a TSA screener discovered a 21-inch spear gun and a utility knife in a carry-on bag . The passenger arrived at Newark Liberty International Airport ticketed to fly to Antigua . After his weapons were detected , the TSA contacted local law enforcement , who questioned the passenger , said TSA spokesman Kawika Riley . The passenger claimed to be unaware that the weapons were prohibited , the TSA said . There was no impact on airport operations . "  Just to be clear , passengers should not attempt to bring a spear gun as a carry-on item . The same rule holds for utility knifes , " Riley said . Spear guns are specifically prohibited in carry-on bags . On the TSA web site , they are listed under prohibited sports goods , which include baseball bats , ski poles , and bows and arrows . The TSA said most passengers who carry prohibited items do so without ill intent , but said officers have a responsibility to prevent weapons from getting through the checkpoint . In the week since the spear gun was found , the TSA says it has found 24 loaded and four unloaded firearms in carry-on baggage . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	TSA recovers 21-inch spear gun and utlity knife from passenger flying to Antigua Spear guns are among the sports goods prohibited from carry-on luggage Most passengers who carry prohibited items do so without ill intent , TSA says
Washington  CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner said President Barack Obama could get "  burned " if he uses executive action to help undocumented immigrants . There are a good number of immigration activists who feel burned that he has n't done it already . While they were pleased to hear Obama renew his vow Wednesday that despite Republicans ' takeover of the Senate he still intends to use his executive authority to help fix the nation 's broken immigration system , the message from immigrants ' rights groups to the White House remains the same : They 'll believe it when they see it . Advocates of immigration reform want the president to provide deportation relief to millions of undocumented immigrants since Congress has so far failed to pass a comprehensive overhaul of immigration laws . It is hard to believe that a new Republican Senate and emboldened Republican majority in the House are likely to pass a bill that would pass muster with immigration activists . That leaves Obama and his promised executive action as immigration activists ' only hope . They hope he 'll keep his word . After promising on June 30 to announce the so-called executive actions he would take by summer 's end , the White House delayed the move until after the mid-term election . Activists say they are tired of waiting and are planning a series of rallies , marches , conferences and other events to urge the president not to allow politics to delay action . "  Details matter and promises have been made before , " said Cristina Jimenez , managing director for immigrants ' rights group United We Dream . "  Our campaign to protect our communities will continue until the policy is changed in a way that includes our parents , families and neighbors . " At risk is not just the president 's standing with the Latino community . Activists say this is an issue for all Democrats -- including potential 2016 candidates -- who some believe have taken Latino voters for granted . In a November poll by Latino Decisions , two-thirds of Latino voters said immigration was either the most important or one of the most important issues driving their vote this year and 60 percent of Latino registered voters who were not planning to vote said the delay in executive action made them less enthusiastic about the president and the Democratic Party . An October survey by Pew Research found that 55 percent of Latino registered voters disapproved of the way the Obama administration has handled the issue of deportations . "  The president 's legacy is at stake , " said Marielena Hincapie , executive director of the National Immigration Law Center . Hispanic members of Congress who support reform point to the 2 million people deported during the Obama administration as they make their case for swift , expansive action . The president -- who has frequently been called the "  Deporter in Chief " by immigrant groups -- used a Congressional Hispanic Caucus gala in September to repeat his promise to act before year 's end . He again reiterated that promise at a post election press conference on Wednesday , just moments after incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell warned that doing so would poison the well with the new Republican controlled Congress . Still , some advocates are skeptical . "  There is nothing until there is something , " said Marisa Franco , the lead organizer of the National Day Labor Organizing Network 's  NDLON  #Not1More campaign against deportations . "  We 're not going to stop the pressure until we see the president follow through . " And at least one former top Obama adviser urged the President to hold off on executive action in exchange for an up or down vote in the House . "  POTUS should agree to shelve exec order for up or down vote in House , " Axelrod said on Twitter on Thursday . Immigrant groups say "  go big " Several advocates who have been part of discussions with the administration , believe the president will use the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  DACA  program he announced in 2012 as a model for future action . DACA allows immigrants brought here illegally as children to stay without fear of deportation and apply for work permits if they meet certain criteria . The president could expand this relief to potentially millions more people . Many supporters want the president to "  go big " with a move that would include everyone who would have been allowed to stay in the United States under the bill the Senate passed in June 2013 . That would mean an estimated 6 million to 9 million people could qualify . "  What they actually announce and who they decide to protect is not entirely clear at the moment , but what is clear is that the expectations are high , " said Katy Green , a spokesperson for the advocacy group America 's Voice . Advocates taking action Activists are planning to protest in front of the White House on Friday to drive that point home . "  It 's just the beginning , " said Gustavo Torres , president of Maryland group CASA in Action and co-chair of the national Fair Immigration Reform Movement  FIRM  , at a press conference with other activists on Thursday , adding that more events are planned around Thanksgiving , including a hunger strike . Immigrant rights groups have been slowly ramping up pressure on the president . The Friday before Election Day , some two dozen United We Dream activists hailing from as far south as Florida and as far north as Massachusetts descended on the intersection opposite the White House . For half an hour they sat on the pavement amidst a cacophony of honking horns holding giant pictures of loved ones in danger of being deported . Some marched in circles chanting : No Justice , No Peace . Members of the same group interrupted the president repeatedly during a campaign stop in Bridgeport , CT days later -- including one who was wearing a t-shirt that said "  Obama Deports Parents " -- and heckled potential presidential candidate-in-waiting Hillary Clinton at a campaign rally in Maryland earlier in the week . Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , long an outspoken advocate for executive action , has already set up a "  Getting Ready for Administrative Action " website with advice to help prepare undocumented immigrants for the president 's announcement . It includes suggestions for the types of documentation immigrants can begin gathering to prove they qualify , once a plan is announced . The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles  CHIRLA  held a rally in Los Angeles Wednesday with community based organizations and labor unions to urge action now that the election is over . The group will host an immigration conference next month . "  Our hope is always that by Thanksgiving , people would sit around the dinner table giving thanks for the administrative relief -- and that by Christmas we will have no more separated families , " said CHIRLA 's Executive Director Angelica Salas . NDLON is planning a demonstration next week outside the Department of Homeland Security by people directly affected by deportations . The groups ' plans go beyond pressuring the president . They also want to use rallies as well as Twitter and Facebook to make a case to the American public that bringing the undocumented out of the shadows is good for the economy and say it 's also important to deliver that message to Congress , since only lawmakers can find a permanent solution to the broken immigration system . "  The best way to get that legislative outcome is for the president to put a marker down and let the Republicans respond , " said Janet MurguÃa , the president and CEO of the National Council of La Raza . "  If they disagree , let them put their best foot forward on immigration reform and let 's see what they will do . "	Immigrant rights activists say they hope Obama will act despite GOP Senate takeover Obama has said he plans to issue an executive order on immigration Advocates will protest at the White House Friday
ROCHESTER , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Police took into custody a man they say walked into Sen. Hillary Clinton 's campaign office in Rochester , New Hampshire , and took several people hostage Friday . Police in New Hampshire take the hostage taker into custody Friday evening . The man , Lee Eisenberg , claimed to have a bomb strapped to his chest , but it turned out to be road flares held with duct tape , police said . "  He was someone who was not known to my campaign headquarters until he walked in the door today , " Clinton said Friday evening in Portsmouth , New Hampshire , where she met with the hostages and their families . "  It appears he is someone who was in need of help and sought attention in absolutely the wrong way , " she said . "  It was for me and my campaign an especially tense and difficult day . " Flanked by local police , Clinton expressed her gratitude to the team that resolved the hostage situation . "  I want to thank them for their professionalism and their extraordinary work today , " she said . "  We 're immensely relieved that this has ended peacefully . " Clinton also praised her staffers for showing courage and handling the situation "  extraordinarily well . " She said she does n't expect any changes to her schedule or her campaign in light of the incident . The situation began when Eisenberg walked into the office at about 1 p.m. , Maj. Michael Hambrook of the New Hampshire State Police told CNN affiliate WMUR-TV . Watch police take up positions " On Friday afternoon , one of the hostages contacted the CNN Washington bureau and then put Eisenberg on the phone . The hostage and Eisenberg called CNN multiple times throughout the afternoon and talked to CNN staffers . Eisenberg said he had mental problems and could n't get anyone to help him . CNN assumed Eisenberg could be watching CNN 's broadcast and chose not to report his calls to avoid compromising the safety of the hostages . Several people were caught up at the start of the hostage situation . See the location of the office " A woman with a baby was released by the hostage-taker early on , she told a witness , Lettie Tzizik , who spoke to WMUR . See photos of the hostage situation " "  A young woman with a 6-month or 8-month-old infant came rushing into the store just in tears , and she said , ` You need to call 911 . A man has just walked into the Clinton office , opened his coat and showed us a bomb strapped to his chest with duct tape , ' " the Web site reported . Bill Shaheen , chairman of Clinton 's New Hampshire campaign , told WMUR the people held were volunteers . Clinton , a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination , was scheduled to speak at 3 p.m. at a Democratic National Committee event , but canceled the talk because of the situation , DNC Chairman Howard Dean said . Watch Dean break the news " Buildings close to the storefront campaign office on Main Street were evacuated , including local campaign centers for Clinton 's Democratic presidential rivals , Sen. Barack Obama and former Sen. John Edwards . Cassandra Hamilton , who works in an office adjacent to the Clinton office , told WMUR : "  I walked out and I immediately started running , and I saw that the road was blocked off . They told me run and keep going . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kelly Marshall contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton says the incident wo n't change her schedule or campaign NEW : Clinton : It appears the man sought attention in absolutely the wrong way Police arrest man they say held Clinton campaign workers hostage Hostages released from Clinton campaign office
CNN  -- Let me tell you ` bout Wayne and his deals of Cocaine A little more every day Holding for a friend till the band do well Then the D.E.A. locked him away -- The Clash , "  Jail Guitar Doors " The first thing you notice about the Travis County Correctional Complex is the door . A thick steel door painted the color of the ocean on a cold day automatically slides open for visitors authorized to enter the jail . It makes a noise that fills the room when it closes . And then suddenly , it 's severely quiet . As if the door was designed to warn you it ca n't be easily opened . On the other side , past beige hallway after beige hallway and an outside walkway bathed in barbed wire , I arrived at Room 7 on the programs floor , where eight women were learning to play guitar and write songs . "  Let 's practice the G chord again and strum four times , " instructed Jean Synodinos , an Austin-based singer-songwriter who teaches the weekly music class at the county jail in Texas . The students each focus on wrapping their fingers around the frets of acoustic guitars , each one with "  Jail Guitar Doors " spray-painted on the wood . Jail Guitar Doors is the name of an organization started by musician Billy Bragg in the United Kingdom . Inspired by a song by The Clash , Bragg wanted to bring instruments and music education into prisons to support the rehabilitation process behind bars . It was only later that Bragg learned the "  Wayne " in The Clash song was his friend Wayne Kramer , co-founder of the punk band MC5 . Kramer was one of the most influential political musicians of a generation . But in 1975 , Kramer was caught selling cocaine to undercover agents and served two years in the federal prison in Lexington , Kentucky . Over three decades later , it was Bragg who prompted Kramer to start a U.S. branch of the organization that Kramer had inspired . This is how there came to be eight women in the Travis County Correctional Complex learning to play G chords and write songs . Just a few miles away , the annual South by Southwest music festival was getting underway , a massive event in which hundreds of thousands of music industry professionals and fans from around the world converge on Austin to hear their favorite bands or find new ones waiting to be discovered . From what I can tell , people mostly just spend a lot of time waiting in line and partying , throngs of music fans spilling over into the street in search of entertainment . But the class at the Travis County jail reminds us that music is more than just entertainment . It 's power . The power to transform someone 's life , the power to transform a system . Almost all of the women at the Travis County jail have been behind bars before . They 're facing trial for a range of offenses , from drug possession to parole violations to larceny . These are n't major crimes . One of the women in the class is on trial for shoplifting $ 15 in merchandise from a department store . But since it 's her fourth offense , she 's facing up to 20 years in prison if convicted . Our criminal justice system is broken , as these women not only say but clearly show with such stories . Yet the women also talk about how they are broken too , how they ca n't seem to turn their lives around . And they do n't want society to give up on them . They crave the services that have largely been slashed as the United States has focused less on rehabilitation and more on simply warehousing people who commit crimes , contributing to our country having the highest incarceration rate in the world . "  This class is n't just about music , " says Raul Garcia , a program coordinator on staff at the jail . The women are learning to channel their feelings into constructive outlets and to stop and think before acting . "  It 's that impulsivity that can get you in trouble , " Garcia says connecting the class to its real world implications . "  You have to learn to use your breaks . " "  What did you eat today for breakfast ? " asks Synodinos . "  Oh , we had this awful meat patty thing that 's brown on the outside and pink on the inside , " one woman says . The seven other women erupt in agreement , the gray stripes of their uniforms bouncing with the energetic discussion . Synodinos interrupts , "  OK , but what does that symbolize for you ? Maybe you really do n't like it because it makes you miss your mom 's cooking . " The woman who brought up the meat patty in the first place jerks her shoulders back with the thought , then takes a deep breath and wipes her eyes . The meat patty is more than just a menu item . And these women 's lives can be more than just a prison term . "  Music is like an escape , " one of the women says during the discussion . "  It reminds us there 's life outside , there 's something more than these walls to be a part of . " At the same time , Jail Guitar Doors reminds us that music is about more than lines and concerts and hit singles . Music is about expression and self-discovery and empowerment and transformation . And for eight women in the Travis County Correctional Complex , music is a way to respond to the noise of their lives and find a way to escape , at least metaphorically for now , that impenetrable door . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	As South by Southwest Music Festival begins , Sally Kohn visits prison A program called Jail Guitar Doors aims to use music to transforms lives and a system Kohn : America incarcerates too many and does n't spend enough on rehabilitation
The death toll in last week 's collapse of a guesthouse at a church run by a famous Nigerian preacher has risen to at least 70 , a rescue agency official said Wednesday . Rescuers have helped 131 other people out of the rubble and still are looking for more survivors from Friday 's collapse of the two-story guesthouse at The Synagogue , Church Of All Nations , Nigerian Emergency Management Agency spokesman Ibrahim Farinloye told reporters at the collapse site . The building , at the church run by televangelist T.B. Joshua in the Ikotun area of Lagos , came down Friday afternoon amid work to build additional floors , NEMA said . Farinloye said NEMA has n't identified the victims . On Tuesday , South African President Jacob Zuma said 67 South Africans were among the dead . "  This is a particularly difficult time for South Africa . Not in the recent history of our country have we had this large number of our people die in one incident outside the country , " he said , according to a statement released by the President 's office Tuesday . NEMA said an investigation into the cause has n't begun . But on its Facebook page Friday , NEMA said that two stories were being added without fortifying the foundation of the initial structure , and that there was a "  high probability " this is what led to the collapse . Joshua , dubbed "  The Prophet " for his self-acclaimed healing powers and prophesies , has a large following among Nigerians and followers across the world . His church attracts thousands of followers who attend every week to listen to his sermons , which are also telecast live on the church 's television station . "  People travel from around the world to witness and receive from the mighty work that God is doing in the life of Prophet TB Joshua , " the church 's website says .	Official : 131 people have been rescued from the rubble of the collapsed guesthouse 67 of those killed were South Africans , South Africa 's President says Rescuers are still looking for survivors , an official says
CNN  -- Boston is a land of memory . After all , it 's the capital of a commonwealth , not just a state , evoking the colonial era . And when it comes to baseball , well , how many times have we heard the yarn about how the antique Fenway Park endured nearly a century of pain without a World Series championship ? Now the Boston Red Sox have won their third title in nine years -- at Fenway , no less -- but this victory seems to hold deeper meaning than just winning a sporting crown . It 's being compared to a divine balm to heal one of the darkest recent memories in America : the terror bombings at the Boston Marathon last April . On Saturday morning , a victory parade will make a symbolic gesture to confirm the restoration of a great city : the procession will cross over the marathon 's finish line -- still marked on the street -- where the explosions occurred . The parade will follow the same route used to celebrate the team 's championship in 2004 , when it broke the streak for not winning a World Series , the team said . The team 's last championship was in 2007 . "  It lifts the spirit back up after the marathon , " one woman told CNN in Boston during a post-game street celebration this week so loud that it was n't possible to get her name . "  They obviously deserve it . I feel like I knew it was going to happen . " 5 things you need to know about the World Series Many mused about the supernatural being at work . "  First the Boston Bombing and now the World Series ... , " said Michael David Reel on the Red Sox Facebook page , "  it was given to you . " It was as if Boston rose again after a trial of the spirit . "  This was not just about winning a Championship . It was about a group of regular guys that believed in themselves and this city , and this country , and through their unbelievable efforts it helped relieve the pain of the Boston Marathon bombing in April , " wrote Dave Hornoff on the same social media page . "  They dedicated their season to the victims and the entire country embraced them , and they embraced Boston and the entire country . What we witnessed was a real life movie in the making and for me this was more than just sports . More championships will be won every year but the story of the 2013 Boston Red Sox will never be repeated . " Fans like Hornoff also repeated all or part of slogan that has since become a mantra in the marathon tragedy 's aftermath : "  Boston Strong 617 . " The terror explosions disturbed the nation because they occurred in such a public place : the attacks killed three people , wounded more than 260 others , and put the city in a five-day lockdown until a manhunt finally captured the sole surviving terror suspect . "  This World Series was so much more than just a baseball game for the city of Boston , " Derek Lemieux wrote on the team 's Facebook page . Then , signing off in a shorthand of the digital era , he wrote : " #BostonStrong . " Immediately after the victory , some fans ran to Boylston Street , where the finish line of the Boston Marathon is still painted on the street . The April bombings occurred near this line -- which still says "  Finish " -- and fans kneeled and kissed it . Jane Richard , 7 , Boston bombing survivor , sings anthem at Red Sox game Wednesday 's win over the St. Louis Cardinals also marked the first time that the Red Sox won a championship while at home since 1918 -- the year that began the team 's infamous 86-year World Series drought . Mysticism was behind that punishment , fans cried . It was the Curse of the Bambino -- the hex imposed on the team because it sold legendary player Babe "  Bambino " Ruth to the New York Yankees in 1920 . Indeed , 97-year-old Helen McGonagle of Boston was 2 years old when the team won that 1918 championship at home . "  I never thought I 'd live to see this , " she said of the 2013 championship . No story on the Red Sox would be complete without interviewing a Bostonian with such a long memory like McGonagle 's . She now lives in a nursing home , still peppy enough to talk with reporters . "  I would go down and see the Red Sox a lot , " McGonagle said of her childhood years at Fenway . Back then , a hot dog cost 15 cents , she said . Opinion : I 'm a Red Sox fanboy She explained the enthusiasm of fans . "  They 're a great team , " she said . "  I do n't think as good as they were in Ted Williams ' time , but I think they 're doing a great job and I 'm rooting for them all the time . " Batting legend Williams played for the Red Sox from 1939 to 1960 . This year 's team was also noteworthy for how players cultivated beards out of a superstition since spring training : The team kept winning as more players grew one , despite early predictions that this would n't their season . The season indeed ended as theirs . But one fan on Facebook now wonders : "  Now can they shave ? " Robin Gilliam said .	NEW : Saturday 's victory parade for team will pass site of the marathon 's April bombings The long memory of Bostonians easily reaches 1918 , when their team last won a title at home The more recent memory of the Boston Marathon attacks is painful A 97-year-old fan savors this year 's victory : "  I never thought I 'd live to see this "
Editor 's Note : James Carville , a Democratic strategist who serves as a political contributor for CNN , was the Clinton-Gore campaign manager in 1992 and political adviser to President Clinton . He is active in Democratic politics and a party fundraiser . James Carville says Rush Limbaugh 's new bipartisan strategy could have served the country well in 2000 . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- On Thursday , Rush Limbaugh , the moral and intellectual leader and most influential person in the Republican Party in the United States , wrote in the august op-ed pages of The Wall Street Journal , the acknowledged epicenter of right-wing thought , that President Obama should adopt a bipartisan solution to address the president 's economic stimulus plan -- or as Limbaugh refers to it , "  porkulus . " Limbaugh proposes that because the Democrats got roughly 54 percent of the votes to the Republicans ' 46 percent , the stimulus package should be allocated along his definition of ideological lines , i.e. 54 percent towards infrastructure improvement and 46 percent toward tax breaks for Limbaugh and his friends . He writes , "  Fifty-three percent of American voters voted for Barack Obama ; 46 % voted for John McCain , and 1 % voted for wackos . Give that 1 % to President Obama . Let 's say the vote was 54 % to 46 % . "  As a way to bring the country together and at the same time determine the most effective way to deal with recessions , under the Obama-Limbaugh Stimulus Plan of 2009 : 54 % of the $ 900 billion -- $ 486 billion -- will be spent on infrastructure and pork as defined by Mr. Obama and the Democrats ; 46 % -- $ 414 billion -- will be directed toward tax cuts , as determined by me . " And he is serious . However much one may disagree with the current "  daddy " of all Republicans  Beg to differ ? See Rep. Phil Gingrey , who apologized last week for doubting Rush  , you have to admire El Rushbo 's principled stance and his well-known consistent ideology . Why surely it seems like just yesterday that Al Gore won the national popular vote in 2000  and arguably won the popular vote in Florida too  . Limbaugh must have called for the incoming Bush administration to allocate ideas based on the proportion of election returns . I 'm sure President Bush and the Republicans in Congress graciously accepted their 49.5 percent share of everything .  Note : We would be much better off right now had this actually happened . With 50 percent of the federal government during President Bush 's term , Democrats might have reduced the deficit  a truly Clintonista idea  . Wall Street might have been more heavily regulated and K Street 's lobbyists might not have been running the Capitol . Democrats might have invested money into infrastructure improvements so that bridges did n't collapse or entire cities flood . We would n't have spent $ 350 million per day in Iraq . Heck , had Democrats been able to control 50 percent of the government from 2000 to 2004 , we would n't have even gone into Iraq in the first place . There might have been more spending on education and a fully funded No Child Left Behind Act . It is a remarkable time in American politics when a respected ideologue like Limbaugh can take to a hyperpartisan place like the pages of The Wall Street Journal , and deliver such a consistent message . We Democrats should congratulate Rush on the purity , intellectual integrity , and consistency of his positions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .	James Carville : Rush Limbaugh is now an advocate of bipartisan government Limbaugh proposes splitting stimulus plan between Obama and GOP , Carville says Carville : If that plan had been in effect in 2000 , Iraq war might have been avoided
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- As little Ella-Louise faded away , her tiny , frail body wracked with pain , her heartbroken mother was left to look on , feeling powerless . Linda van Roy says she could do nothing to help her terminally ill baby in the last hours of her life . "  In that period , they tell you it 's best not to give any fluids , because babies survive on little drops of liquid , " she said . "  So we stopped feeding her . In the end , it was bones and skin and no more baby left . " Ten-month-old Ella-Louise died two years ago with Krabbe disease , a rare and terminal genetic mutation that damages the nervous system . In the final days of Ella-Louise 's life , when she was being given palliative sedation , van Roy , of Schilde , Belgium , says she could still see the agony on her daughter 's face . "  She died on Tuesday ; on Monday , we saw on her face that she was still in pain . And then you start to get angry , because you know that there is no medication left to give her to take away that pain . " She wishes she could have administered a fatal dose of medication to make the end of her daughter 's short life come more quickly . Unbearable suffering Belgium legalized euthanasia in 2002 for those in "  constant and unbearable physical or mental suffering that can not be alleviated . " Minors were included in the original proposals but were left out of the final legislation for political reasons . Now , the country 's lawmakers are debating a bill which would extend the "  right to die " to those under the age of 18 who are terminally ill and in intolerable physical pain . The bill cleared a senate committee vote on Wednesday ; it must clear several other hurdles before becoming law . Since Ella-Louise was only a baby , her case would never have qualified for euthanasia . Under the current rules , the patient must be able to make a repeated request for euthanasia themselves while experiencing unbearable suffering of which there is no prospect for improvement . But van Roy believes that children , and parents of sick babies , should have more options , including the right to choose when to die . "  We want those children to be able to talk about euthanasia , and if they really want to say : ` Stop , this is it . I do n't want it anymore , ' we want people to have a choice , " she said . Polls show the majority of Belgians agree with the principle of offering euthanasia to children . The current debate is less about whether or not to extend the legislation and more about what conditions to apply to the law : from what age euthanasia should be available and whether that should be with or without parental consent . Parental consent This month , 16 pediatricians wrote an open letter in two national newspapers demanding an extension of the practice . Gerlant van Berlaer from the Free University Brussels was one of them . "  Doctors do terminate the lives of children as well as adults , but today it 's done in a gray zone or in the dark because it 's illegal , " he said . "  This means that there 's a lot of room to do things the wrong way . " Van Berlaer stresses that only a tiny number of children would ever choose to end their lives this way : children with cancer , for example , who are still in charge of their cognitive faculties but in terrible pain . Kenneth Chambaere is a researcher at the Free University Brussels focusing on end-of-life care and euthanasia . He has compared end of life practice in Flanders before and after euthanasia was legalized in 2002 , to gauge whether there has been a slippery slope . He says his research shows that although the number of euthanasia requests has gone up , from 1.1 % before 2002 to 1.9 % by 2008 , the number of instances in which doctors have hastened the end of life without patient consent has gone down considerably . And he says minors are only a very small fraction of those deaths in any case . "  People dying underage mostly die of accidents or trauma , so very sudden deaths where no end-of-life decision making is possible , " he said . "  And a euthanasia request is very rare in those patients . " Chambaere argues that the debate in Belgium is more one of principle than anything else ; only very few children would ever choose euthanasia but that the law now discriminates against them . Palliative care Experiences in the Netherlands , where patients older than 12 are allowed to request euthanasia with their parents ' consent , would seem to support this : Only five children have chosen to die by euthanasia since the law was introduced in 2002 . But critics say children can not reasonably decide whether to end their own lives . Palliative nurse Sonja Develter , who specializes in end-of-life care for children , says that among the 200 children she 's nursed to their deaths , she 's never met a child who asked for death to come early . "  The main concern for children is always for the family , " she said . "  It 's difficult for a child , because he feels he 's slipping away , but he can not tell his parents as that 's not what they want to hear . "  Children say to me , ` It 's not difficult to die , but please look after my parents . ' " Develter worries that giving children a choice would mean they made decisions based on what they thought their families wanted to hear , and that this would be a terrible strain for children who may already feel they are a burden to their caregivers . One of Sonja 's patients is Izabela Sacewicz , who has Huntington 's disease , a neurological disease that drastically reduces life expectancy in children . Eight years ago , she was a bubbling , active child -- top of her class , according to her mother , Iwona . Now , having just turned 18 , she ca n't eat or walk without help . She finds it difficult to speak , but her mind is still her own . In a painful exchange , her mother explains to her what euthanasia is , using the simplest terms she can think of . "  Euthanasia means if you are unwell , you are so unhappy that you do n't want to stay here , you want to leave , to go high up to God , " she said . "  But if you leave , you leave forever . " Izabela listens , the strain showing on her face . "  Do you think it 's good or not good ? " her mother asks . "  It 's not good . " The words are barely audible . Euthanasia : Be glad you have a choice Euthanasia : We can live without it ... CNN 's Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	Belgian MPs are debating extending the law on euthanasia to terminally ill children Linda van Roy , whose baby daughter died of degenerative condition , wants law changed Supporters say euthanasia would only be chosen by very small number of minors Euthanasia opponents want more of a focus on palliative care and pain relief
CNN  -- Even after apologizing for criticizing a referee , Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini was n't let off the hook by UEFA . Pellegrini was banned for three games by football 's European governing body , a decision which rules him out of the second leg of City 's Champions League round-of-16 encounter at Barcelona on March 12 . "  Pellegrini may follow the game from the stands only ; he may not enter the dressing room , tunnel or technical area before or during the match ; and he may not communicate directly or indirectly with his players and/or technical staff during the game , " UEFA said on its website . He is on "  probation " for two years for one of the matches , with Pellegrini having the right to appeal Friday 's ruling . Barcelona won the first leg in Manchester 2-0 on February 18 and the Chilean was unhappy that a free kick was n't awarded to his side in a sequence which resulted in a penalty for Barcelona and City 's defender Martin Demichelis being sent off . He said the Swedish referee , Jonas Eriksson , was "  not impartial to both teams " and added that an official from the Scandinavian nation should not have been chosen in the first place . "  I think it was not a good idea to put a referee from Sweden in charge of such an important match , especially a referee who has made an important mistake against Barcelona in a previous match , " he told reporters . "  A big game with two important teams , that kind of game needs a referee with more experience . " Pellegrini said sorry three days after the opening leg . "  The thing I said in that moment does n't mean what I think , " Pellegrini commented . "  I am sure this is a good referee because UEFA are always evaluating all the referees and if he is not a good referee , he is not in the UEFA staff . " Both Manchester City and Barcelona face crucial matches on Sunday before the second leg takes place . City , chasing a quadruple , can win its first trophy of the season when it meets lowly Sunderland in England 's League Cup final . Barcelona , meanwhile , hosts Almeria having dropped three points behind league leader Real Madrid in La Liga .	Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini receives a three-game ban from UEFA Pellegrini criticized the Swedish referee after his team lost 2-0 to Barcelona earlier this month Unless he wins an appeal , Pellegrini misses the return leg in Barcelona on March 12 City meets lowly Sunderland in England 's League Cup final Sunday
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's Anbar province -- once dominated by Sunni insurgents but now a bastion of tribal opposition against the militants -- will soon be run by the Iraqi military . Iraqi soldiers will soon be responsible for running the once militant-riven province of Anbar . The U.S. military said it would transfer security responsibility for Anbar this week to the Iraqi military , a bellwether event that illustrates what Iraq and the United States describe as a profound stride in their efforts to foster stability . Anbar is the 10th of the 18 provinces where Iraqi forces have taken charge of security control since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 and the first largely Sunni Arab province to do so . The other provinces to take charge are in the Shiite south and the Kurdish north . "  We have seen a dramatic increase in security there , " said Rear Adm. Patrick Driscoll , Multi-National Forces spokesman , speaking to reporters in Baghdad on Sunday . "  I think that the trend now in Anbar is to move from the violent kinetic to the rebuilding process , " he said . Anbar province -- west of Baghdad -- is a vast territory where Iraq shares borders with Syria , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia . Much of the region is desert , and most of the people there live in in the towns and cities -- such as Falluja and Ramadi -- along the Euphrates River . Sunni Arabs , such as those in Anbar , became politically marginalized when the Shiites and Kurds took over the new Iraqi government from the toppled Hussein regime , which had been dominated by and was most amenable to Sunnis . Many Sunni Arabs in Anbar became active in the insurgency , and foreign fighters made their way into Anbar via Syria . As a result , the Euphrates River valley region was a hotbed of insurgent activity in the early years of the Iraq war . U.S. Marines launched several offensives against the militants , including a large-scale push in late 2004 in Falluja . Al Qaeda in Iraq and other militants eventually developed a strong foothold in many towns . Major changes occurred in Anbar over the last two years , however , with the emergence of the awakening , the grass-roots tribal movement that opposes al Qaeda in Iraq . That movement aided efforts by the U.S. military and Iraqi security forces to fight al Qaeda in Iraq  AQI  , and violence there has dropped dramatically in the last two years . While Sunni tribes in Iraq were natural allies for the insurgency when it started in 2003 , many locals eventually became disenchanted with what it regarded as al Qaeda in Iraq 's brutality , corruption and hard-line enforcement of sharia law . The tribal movement in Anbar has developed into a political force and has helped spawn another development : U.S.-backed Iraqi militias -- such as Sons of Iraq and Awakening Councils -- formed in the Sunni regions of Iraq over the last couple of years . The Pentagon 's June report to Congress on developments in Iraq said that in Anbar , the "  average number of security incidents remained at five incidents per day over a 90-day period , accounting for less than 4 percent of the attacks in all of Iraq . " "  This represents a 10-fold reduction compared to the summer of 2006 and is half of the rate of the last few months of 2007 . " AQI "  continues efforts to regain footholds " in the valley , the report said . But the Sons of Iraq and U.S. and Iraqi troops "  continue to hinder AQI 's ability to obtain resources or operate effectively in population centers , forcing AQI to operate and conduct attacks from remote locations in the province . " At present , the other provinces that have transitioned to Iraqi security control are Duhuk , Irbil and Sulaimaniya in the Kurdish region , and Karbala , Najaf , Muthanna , Thiqar , Basra , and Maysan in the Shiite south . The other province to change over to Iraqi security control this year is Qadisiya in the south .	Iraqi military set to run the once militant-riven Anbar province U.S. military transferring responsibility for Anbar to Iraqi military this week Sunni tribes helped U.S. and Iraqi troops turn the tide against militants
Bucharest , Romania  CNN  -- Romanian President Traian Basescu will officially return to office after the country 's top court ruled Tuesday that a referendum to remove him was invalid . The nation-wide impeachment effort last month had appeared to be heading for failure because turnout was below 50 % . Prime Minister Victor Ponta made a last-ditch effort Monday to get the Constitutional Court to approve the referendum by submitting new voter lists , but the court said Tuesday the vote was not valid . Officials said after the referendum on July 29 that just over 46 % of registered voters had cast ballots . Those who did cast ballots voted nearly 9 to 1 to impeach the president , the Central Election Bureau said . Ponta said Basescu "  should strongly consider whether he is still legitimate or not in the office . " Basescu had urged his supporters to boycott the polls , saying , "  The best help today is to stay home . " After the polls closed , he said voters had rejected a "  coup " by Ponta and the interim president , Crin Antonescu . Basescu had been suspended since parliament voted to impeach him in early July , saying he overstepped his authority by ordering wage and benefit cuts for public workers . The legislature is dominated by Ponta 's center-left USL party . Basescu said the austerity measures were needed to meet the terms of a $ 24 billion loan from the International Monetary Fund for the cash-strapped country , but the move soured many Romanians on his leadership . Romanian president suspended Opponents also accuse Basescu of cronyism . He took office eight years ago and has already survived one effort to remove him , in 2007 . Ponta is dealing with his own controversy : He has been accused of plagiarizing his doctoral thesis . He has dismissed the accusation as a political attack from Basescu . Romania 's economy is starting to recover after two years of severe recession , but the International Monetary Fund recently said that "  a prolonged political crisis could hamper effective economic policy making , increase risk premiums and financing costs , further depreciate the exchange rate , and depress investment . " The power struggle is expected to continue in the following months , as Romania is holding parliamentary elections this fall . Journalist Cosmin Stan contributed to this report .	President Traian Basescu survives a nation-wide vote to remove him The country 's top court invalidates the referendum because of low turnout The prime minister says the president should consider stepping down anyway
CNN  -- Human Rights Watch on Thursday issued a first-person account of the incarceration and torture in Bangladesh of one of its consultants -- an outspoken human rights advocate , journalist and blogger . Tasneem Khalil holds his baby in an undated family photo . "  The Torture of Tasneem Khalil : How the Bangladesh Military Abuses Its Power Under the State of Emergency , " recounts Khalil 's 22-hour incarceration last May in the southern Asian country . Khalil was blindfolded and taken at gunpoint from his home in front of his wife and infant child , according to the account . He was beaten and threatened during the ordeal , retold in the 39-page report . Human Rights Watch says the report "  highlights abuses under the country 's state of emergency and the interim government 's failure to restrain the security forces . " "  I have a moral responsibility to tell this story , " said Khalil , who has done free-lance reporting for news organizations including CNN . "  I 'm going to tell my story again and again and again , " Khalil told CNN . "  It 's not only my story . " Khalil is one of tens of thousands of people , the report says , who have been detained by security forces after a government with a "  reform agenda " came to power in January 2007 . It says Khalil was punished for criticizing "  the security forces ' role in extrajudicial killings , torture , arbitrary arrests , and other abuses . " He described being taken to a small room that resembled a "  torture cell " and being severely beaten . Then his interrogators took off his blindfold to have him write a "  confession " of his crimes . "  I was sitting in front of a table and three batons were on the table along with some stationery . One was a wooden baton , about a meter long . The other two were covered with black plastic . Poking out of the end of these two were metal wires , " Khalil recounted . "  I 'm not sure if they used electricity on me . The pain often came like shocks , but they were hitting me so hard that I 'm not sure whether it was just the force that hurt like this or if it was electricity . " Khalil is now a consultant for Human Rights Watch in Sweden , which gave him and his family asylum after the ordeal . "  Rampant illegal detention and torture are clear evidence of Bangladesh 's security forces running amok , " said Brad Adams , the Asia director of Human Rights Watch who was quoted in a news release about the report . "  Tasneem Khalil 's prominence as a critical journalist may have prompted his arrest , but it also may have saved his life . Ordinary Bangladeshis held by the security forces under the emergency rules have no such protections . " Khalil was freed "  after tremendous international and national pressure , " the group said . Human Rights Watch is calling for the government in Bangladesh "  to make the protection of human rights as much of a priority as its fight against corruption . " "  While few would dispute that corruption , organized crime , politicization of the bureaucracy and political violence had to be addressed in Bangladesh , the interim government must realize that reform can not be built on midnight knocks on the door and torture , " said Adams . "  A peaceful democratic society requires respect for basic rights . " Adams said there have been "  no serious attempts " to hold people accountable for torture and arbitrary detentions . It urged the international community to persuade the government to deal with these matters . "  The security forces have been arbitrarily detaining and torturing people , but there have been no serious attempts at holding those responsible for these criminal acts to account , " said Adams . "  Why has n't the government made the protection of Bangladeshis from this scourge a priority ? Are they reformers , or do they just say they are reformers ? " Bangladesh government officials could not immediately be reached for comment . Khalil , contacted in Sweden by CNN , said he wants justice for himself and the many others who have gone through the same ordeal . "  I absolutely want to see the people responsible for my torture and for my detention tried in a court of law in a transparent way . I want justice , " he said . At the same time , he said , "  I am fully aware this is not going to happen " at this time , given the mindset of the government . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Journalist and rights activist Tasneem Khalil tells of beatings in Bangladesh Khalil : The pain often came like shocks , they were beating me so hard Rights group says tens of thousands of people detained in 2007
CNN  -- At first glance , "  The Flat " might seem like an episode of "  Hoarders , " Israeli-style . The documentary film opens after an elderly woman dies in Tel Aviv . Her grandchildren assemble to clean out her apartment , packed with dusty books , vintage clothing  dozens of pairs of fancy gloves , for instance  , enough purses to stock a department store , jewelry , mementoes and closets full of knickknacks . But buried among the detritus they chance upon something remarkable -- mysterious papers linking the grandparents to an important Nazi figure . How could such ardent Zionists , who left their native Germany in the early 1930s , have been involved with an SS official like Leopold von Mildenstein ? "  The film developed as a detective story , " says Israeli director Arnon Goldfinger , grandson of Gerda Tuchler , the woman who owned the flat . Of all his family members , only Goldfinger seemed driven to uncover the secrets of his family 's past . The mystery "  I discovered very strange newspapers in my grandparents ' flat , " he says . "  A newspaper with a swastika on it , Nazi newspaper , that turns out to be travelogues by a very famous Nazi writer  von Mildenstein  that describes a journey to Palestine . What I found out was this journey , the Nazi  von Mildenstein  and his wife were accompanied by my grandparents , " Goldfinger told CNN . It was a unique period in which , says Goldfinger , "  Nazis and Zionists shared the same aim : Both of them wanted the Jews to leave Germany and settle in Palestine . " The plot thickens The mystery of the newspapers prompted Goldfinger to dig deeper . Additional documents , photos and letters pointed to only one conclusion -- Gerda and her husband Kurt were not simply acquainted with von Mildenstein and his wife -- they had become the warmest of friends . This became all the harder for Goldfinger to digest when he learned more about von Mildenstein : He was no mere travel writer , but the head of the Nazi 's Jewish Affairs Department in the early 1930s . In that capacity von Mildenstein is said to have recruited an up-and-coming member of the party -- Adolf Eichmann . A twist in the tale Goldfinger 's investigation took him to Germany , where he tracked down von Mildenstein 's daughter , Eda , who proved receptive to his efforts to shed light on their families ' intersecting past . She helped him confirm something that may sound astonishing : After the war -- a conflict that claimed the lives of millions of Jews , including Gerda Tuchler 's own mother -- Gerda and her husband remained friends with the von Mildensteins . This discovery left Goldfinger feeling irritated and angry , he told CNN , and forced him to revise the idealized view he held as a young boy of his grandparents . "  I think as a grandchild you are not really used to thinking about your grandparents as human beings , " Goldfinger says . "  They 're grandparents ; they need to think about you ! " "  Then for five years I thought about their life , motivations and strangely -- even now they 're gone , after their death -- I feel much closer to them . I saw them not just as the heroes I had imagined  during his childhood  , but as human beings with very  conflicted  feelings inside . Now I can feel sorry for them . I can feel compassion and also anger . When you are finally feeling those complex emotions inside I think I become closer to my grandparents . " "  The Flat " does n't end there . Goldfinger continued to investigate , and what he found would confront him with an ethical dilemma . The tangled web What became of Leopold von Mildenstein after the war ? Like many ex-Nazis , he managed to re-enter civilian life  at one point he even sought assistance from Kurt Tuchler to ease his transition  . He worked for Coca-Cola in West Germany , concealing the true extent of his pre-war activities . The secret of his real position within the Nazi hierarchy remained buried in East German archives , until Goldfinger uncovered it . Having destroyed the fiction von Mildenstein promoted -- that he had split with the Nazis before the war -- Goldfinger then faced a difficult decision : whether to share what he had learned with von Mildenstein 's daughter , Eda . "  Morally I felt I had no alternative . I can not say -- as my mother did in the film -- ` It 's not our business . '  I decided  I must tell Eda what I know . I can not anymore hide the secrets , so it was a very tough moment and very hard to understand how to do it . " Ultimate mysteries "  My family was surprised when they first saw the film , " Goldfinger told CNN . "  My siblings and especially my mother were not so interested in the history of my family , of our family , " he says . The film touches on the ultimate and universal mysteries of identity , memory and family . Why was Goldfinger 's mother so lacking in curiosity about her family 's past ? Why did Goldfinger feel compelled to investigate the family mystery while his siblings evinced so little interest ? How and why did Eda shield herself from the truth about her Nazi father ? For some mysteries there are answers . For others , alas , there are not .	Israeli director Arnon Goldfinger was shocked by what he found out about his grandparents His quest became the award winning documentary "  The Flat " He says he faced a difficult decision with the project
A soak in a steamy tub , surrounded by candles sure seems like a great way to unwind . But new research suggests that burning certain kinds of candles may generate indoor air pollutants . Frequently lighting many candles in an unventilated space could lead to problems , say the study researchers . Researchers at South Carolina State University studied petroleum-based and vegetable-source candles to determine their emissions . They let candles from different manufacturers burn for up to six hours in a small box  8 inches x 8 inches x 26 inches  , and then collected and analyzed substances released into the air . They found that paraffin-based candles -- the most popular kind -- emitted toxic chemicals like toluene and benzene . Soybean candles did not , according to the study , which was presented this week at the American Chemical Society meeting in Washington , D.C. Candles made of beeswax or soybean tend to make mention of that ingredient on their label ; paraffin candles may not . The researchers say that lighting a paraffin candle once in a while is unlikely to pose a health threat . However , frequently lighting many candles in an unventilated space could lead to problems , and may aggravate asthma , cause allergy-like symptoms , or irritate the respiratory tract . Health.com : 10 ways to fight indoor mold However , whether some candles are safer than others is still debatable , according to one expert . "  I think there 's some controversy out there as to which candles are better than others , " says George Thurston , Ph.D. , an associate professor of environmental medicine at the New York University School of Medicine . Thurston urges people to be prudent about lighting any kind of candle -- whether it 's paraffin , beeswax , or soybean -- in an enclosed space . "  Just lighting a match to start a candle creates sulfur pollution in the air , " he adds . "  It 's one of the big sources of sulfur in the indoor environment , so using a lighter would probably be cleaner . " Health.com : Why belly fat is bad for your lungs While you are n't putting your life on the line by lighting a candle , he says you should exercise at least some caution . "  You ought to try to minimize your exposure to paraffin wax candles , " says Thurston . "  And when you light any kind of candle , you might turn on the exhaust fan ; even if it ruins the mood , it vents out the fumes . People just need to use common sense . " Candles are only one potential source of indoor air pollution . "  A lot of household products give off volatile organic compounds , or VOCs , " says David Rosenstreich , M.D. , the director of the division of allergy and immunology at New York 's Montefiore Medical Center . Cleaning products , hair sprays , and mousses all contribute to indoor air pollution . "  We live in a highly chemically infused environment where people use tons of products , " he adds . "  Just because it 's on the supermarket shelves does n't mean it 's safe . " Central heating and cooling systems , as well as gas fireplaces , can generate indoor air pollution too . "  People have these fake fireplaces that are unventilated and the pollution just sits in the room , " says Thurston . "  You need ventilation , just like you do with candles . " Health.com : Air purifier buying guide People with respiratory problems such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease should make an extra effort to cut down on indoor air pollution , says Rosenstreich . And it 's easier than it sounds . "  You can wipe down your counter with a little soap and water , " he says . "  You do n't need to use these powerful cleaners . " He also suggests ventilating your home as naturally as possible by opening the windows at night once the house has cooled down . "  That way you 're not breathing in the same old stale air , " he says . If you are prone to outdoor allergies , use a filter in your central air and heating systems to cut down on dust . Simply thinking twice about the chemical products you use in your home can go a long way toward improving air quality . "  A lot of things we take for granted are n't really safe at all , " Rosenstreich says . Barbara Miller , a spokesperson for the National Candle Association , says "  no candle wax has ever been shown to be dangerous or harmful to human health . " "  Paraffin wax is neither toxic nor carcinogenic , " says Miller . "  All types of properly formulated candle wax have been shown to burn cleanly and safely . " Health.com : How to make your own all-natural home cleaners She notes that a 2007 industry-funded study found that none of the candle waxes tested -- including paraffin , soy wax , and beeswax -- produced benzene . The levels of volatile organic compounds were less than 2 percent of the indoor air-quality standard . In that study , nine 6-ounce candles of each type containing no fragrance or dyes were burned simultaneously in a test chamber . The test simulated four hours of daily burning of one container candle in a room about 1765 cubic feet  50 cubic meters  in size . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : Burning certain kinds of candles may generate indoor air pollutants Paraffin-based candles emitted toxic chemicals like toluene and benzene National Candle Association says no candle wax harmful to humans Plenty of other household products give off volatile organic compounds
BudgetTravel.com  -- When Americans think of "  five star " hotels , they conjure up images of on-site spas , white-gloved service , and pillow menus . That 's no surprise , given that the dominant rating systems in the U.S. are two of the most trust-worthy on the planet -- Forbes and AAA . In order to snag Forbes 's highest ratings , for example , a hotel 's staff must meet criteria such as greeting arriving guests curbside within 60 seconds and offering tasting samples to drinkers ordering wine by the glass . In Italy , on the other hand , where the rating system is government owned and operated , all it takes to score five stars is a 24-hour reception desk , receptionists that speak three foreign languages , and double rooms starting at 172 square feet . Budget Travel : 10 gorgeous pools you wo n't believe are public There are more scoring systems than most folks realize , and they vary from country to country  and , in some cases , from city to city  . That said , most ratings fall into one of four main categories : those operated by private companies such as AAA , those run by hotel booking sites such as hotels.com , user-generated systems , and government-run agencies . Bottom line : Consistency is an issue . In the past two years , several governments including Switzerland 's and Germany 's have overhauled their systems to be more uniform , and Brazil is following suit this year . Plus , in 2009 , Europe 's Hotelstars Union launched with the goal of establishing common classification criteria across the EU . Despite the improvements , figuring out which hotel will provide the best value can still feel like cracking the Da Vinci Code . To help you make the most informed decision possible , we scrutinized criteria across the globe to suss out the meaning behind the stars . No matter where you 're going , here is what you need to know before you book . No. 1 : Private-company rating systems Verdict : Independent ownership , consistent criteria , and anonymous inspectors make companies like AAA and Forbes  formerly Mobil  Travel Guide reliable and unbiased . Both AAA and Forbes have been rating hotels for more than half a century and provide regular , in-depth reports on what consumers can expect , from how many soaps in the bathroom to bedsheet thread counts . Every 12 to 18 months , for example , Forbes inspectors make incognito visits to up to 5,000 properties and complete a checklist of 525 questions : Are guests arriving in a taxi greeted curbside within 60 seconds ? Does wine-by-the-glass service include a tasting sample ? Findings are relayed in a 110-page report . Five-star spots feature virtually flawless service -- if you only eat the cantaloupe off the breakfast-buffet fruit tray , for example , expect extra melon delivered to your table . Diamonds are the currency in the AAA system , where inspectors pay unannounced visits to 32,000 North American properties annually and rank them on a scale from one diamond  lowest  to five . But even single-diamond hotels have standards : In order to be AAA-rated , properties must adhere to a basic set of benchmarks relating to cleanliness and management  bathrooms must have mini soaps , for example  , but do n't expect a business center or even an elevator . On the other hand , in five-diamond hotels you can bank on a full on-site spa , 24/7 room service , choice of pillow filling  pick from goose down , silk , cashmere  , even a personal butler . Outside of the U.S. , Australia is one of the few other countries in the world with a private rating system , which also happens to be called AAA . The system is operated by the Australian Automobile Association , an organization similar to  but not affiliated with  North America 's AAA . No. 2 : Hotel booking sites Verdict : Online booking engines such as hotels.com use a combination of hired scouts and user ratings to review hotels , but generally reviewers are n't anonymous and the standards vary by country and company . These ratings are best used in conjunction with other review sites . Orbitz and Priceline each has its own rating system , though neither publishes their ratings criteria on their website . The standards vary by company and country -- which means a hotel in London wo n't necessarily be rated by the same criteria as one in New York City .  One major reason is the difference in room size between Europe and America ; rooms tend to be smaller overseas , even in hotels that would otherwise score high marks .  Hotels.com , for example , stations employees on every continent but Antarctica to suss out properties . While these scouts are n't anonymous -- they actually work with hoteliers to improve hotels ' star ratings -- 2 million unvetted consumer reviews provide another layer of feedback . Ratings are based on location , amenities , type of accommodation , and service . Budget Travel : Secret hotels of Paris No. 3 : User-generated rating systems Verdict : User ratings are more valuable en masse . The key is to focus on what the majority of reports seem to indicate about a property and to ignore extremely positive or negative reviews , which may be biased . Use these sites as a reference but not your sole reference . User-generated sites are built on feedback from the masses : TripAdvisor , for example , features more than 50 million traveler reviews sounding off on nearly 495,000 hotels worldwide . While the company , which launched in 2000 , bills itself as having "  World 's most trusted travel advice , " the sheer volume of sources -- and TripAdvisor 's inability to vet them all for accuracy -- make these reviews something to take with a grain of salt .  A general rule is to ignore the ecstatically positive and totally negative reviews in favor of those in the middle . While the site has stringent guidelines  "  reviews should contain only original content and no quoted material from other sources ... we do not allow quoted material from personal email correspondence with a property manager "  and even has moderators to flag posts that seem fishy  like a hotelier giving his property rave reviews , for example  , there 's no way to catch every questionable review . Even with the caveat , peer reviews can be helpful , as they 're often more detailed  "  the room smelled of moldy hotel carpeting "  and straightforward  "  the check-in staff was great , but the hotel was on a yucky street "  than those from third-party organizations or tourism boards . No. 4 : Government-run ratings systems Verdict : Government-run ratings systems may be self-interested -- the better a destination 's hotels , the more tourists it 'll draw -- and unregulated by a third party . Proceed with caution , and always refer to at least one or two other sources . Most European countries have their own government-produced ratings , as well as countries in Asia , South America , and Africa .  There 's no standardized system across Europe , but in 2009 , an organization called the Hotelstars Union launched a drive to establish a common system across the EU . So far , 11 countries , including Austria , Germany , and Switzerland , are participating .  In Europe , reliability varies by country -- the U.K. 's system is uniform across Great Britain and fairly trustworthy , though tourist authorities have toyed with the idea of including user reviews . In France , on the other hand , ratings are n't based on quality but on the presence of certain features  air-conditioning and bathroom facilities , for example  . In Italy , a hotel can earn a single star just for changing the sheets on the beds once a week  do n't let the bedbugs bite !  . Also low on the reliability scale : Asia , South America , and Africa , where national tourism boards have no standardized criteria or oversight . Budget Travel : 15 places every kid should see before 15 Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Hotel scoring systems vary from country to country Consistent criteria and anonymous inspectors make AAA and Forbes reliable Favor middle-ground reviews on user-generated rating websites
CNN  -- Turkey is changing its military rules of engagement and will now treat a military approach toward its borders by Syria as a potential threat that "  will be dealt with accordingly , " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Tuesday . The announcement is a significant escalation of rhetoric after Syria shot down a Turkish plane last week . Erdogan criticized Syria harshly on Tuesday for shooting down the Turkish fighter jet , saying : "  Even if the plane was in their airspace for a few seconds , that is no excuse to attack . " "  It was clear that this plane was not an aggressive plane . Still it was shot down , " he said . War of words over downed jet He said Syrian choppers have strayed into Turkish airspace five times in 2012 . But , the Turks say , the government never escalated the situation despite the border violations . That could change under the new policy . The shooting down of the Phantom F-4 jet on Friday raised even more tension between Turkey and Syria , two heavily armed regional powers . Relations between the two neighbors have deteriorated during the uprising against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . Erdogan has repeatedly called on al-Assad to step down . Turkey has withdrawn its diplomats from Damascus . More than 30,000 Syrian refugees have spilled onto Turkish soil and Turkey is hosting Syria opposition groups . NATO condemned the shoot-down "  in the strongest terms , " Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said after the alliance met Tuesday at Turkey 's request . Both sides say the jet strayed into Syrian airspace , but Turkey says the incursion was accidental and quickly corrected . Rasmussen refused to comment on what intelligence Turkey had presented to NATO about the incident at the alliance 's headquarters in Brussels , Belgium . He called on Syria to "  avoid such events in the future " and said he did not expect the situation to escalate . NATO did not promise any action in response to the incident , and Turkey did not invoke the NATO article calling for collective defense of members , Rasmussen said . The NATO consultations were held under Article 4 of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization 's founding charter . The article allows any member to call for consultations "  whenever , in the opinion of any of them , their territorial integrity , political independence or security is threatened , " the charter says . France 's Foreign Ministry called the shootdown an "  attack " on Tuesday and said it "  constitutes a violation of international law . " It 's a reminder , the ministry said , that the regime "  is threatening international peace and security . It is consistent with the regime 's escalating violence against its own population . " Alexander Lukashevich , the Russian Foreign Ministry 's official representative , expressed Moscow 's concern on Tuesday . "  In our opinion , it is important that the incident not be seen as a provocation or a deliberate action that could lead toward destabilizing the situation , " he said . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the United States commends Turkey for its measured response and stands with the government and the other NATO allies . Washington plans to work with Turkey and others to hold the al-Assad regime accountable and to pursue a democratic transition in Syria , he said . Carney added that the regime 's continued use of airpower reflects al-Assad 's desperate attempt to maintain control . Security Clearance : Can Turkey force U.S. , NATO to attack Syria ? The United States and many other countries have been vocally opposed to military intervention in Syria and are unlikely to encourage Turkey to press the issue . After Syrian troops shelled refugees on the Turkish side of the border earlier this year , U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta made clear that the bar is high for Turkey to claim the need for a collective self-defense . Syria raised the stakes Monday in the war of words over the incident . Syrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi said the plane was shot down in Syrian airspace , disputing Turkey 's claim that it was downed over international waters after briefly straying into Syrian airspace by mistake . "  What happened was a violation of Syrian airspace . Even Turkey says Syrian sovereignty was violated . Regardless of whether it was a training mission , a reconnaissance mission , it was a violation , " Makdissi said . He insisted that Syria was the wronged party , not Turkey . Also Monday , a spokesman for the Turkish Foreign Ministry told CNN that Syria fired Friday on a second Turkish plane that was part of a search-and-rescue mission sent in after the jet was shot down . The plane , which entered Syrian airspace in search of the jet , was not hit , said Selcuk Unal . "  There was no injury , nobody was harmed . But that plane immediately returned to Turkish airspace . And through military diplomatic channels we informed them : ` What 's going on ? ' " Unal said . The Turkish Foreign Ministry said Sunday that it considered the shooting to be a hostile act . Turkey delivered the message in a diplomatic note to the Syrian consulate in Istanbul , Unal told CNN . In addition to NATO , Turkey also submitted a letter about the incident to the U.N. Security Council . The country made no request for action , but outlined its version of events . "  This attack at the international airspace , causing possible loss of two Turkish pilots , is a hostile act by the Syrian authorities against Turkey 's national security . Thus , we strongly condemn it , " read the letter , dated Sunday . It identified the downed plane as a Turkish RF-4 reconnaissance aircraft , a version of the McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II . It was flying alone , without arms , in international airspace when it was shot down , the letter read . Turkish search-and-rescue teams found the wreckage of the jet in the Mediterranean Sea on Sunday , about 1,300 meters  4,260 feet  underwater , Foreign Ministry spokesman Unal said . Report : 33 Syrian army members defect to Turkey Tension between Syria and Turkey escalated sharply in the 1990s over Kurdish militancy . Turkey was angry that the Syrian regime harbored Kurdish militant Abdullah Ocalan . Ocalan founded the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , the PKK . The group , regarded as a terrorist organization by Turkey and the United States , has been fighting the Turkish government for Kurdish autonomy . Syria eventually expelled Ocalan and the hostility eased . Syrian-Turkish political and economic ties grew after Erdogan became prime minister in 2003 . But over the last year , Erdogan 's government grew disgusted with the al-Assad regime over the government 's brutal crackdown against Syrian citizens during the uprising . Some observers believe Syria is now supporting the PKK . CNN 's Ivan Watson and journalist GÃ 1/4 l TÃ 1/4 ysÃ 1/4 z contributed to this report .	Turkey will consider any military approach from Syria a potential threat , its PM says Turkish-Syrian ties have deteriorated during the uprising The countries had sharp tensions in the 1990s over Kurdish militancy NATO condemns the shooting down of the plane , but does not act
CNN  A few weeks ago , metro Atlanta residents gleefully noted that a Georgia groundhog , ahem , failed to see his shadow -- a sure sign of an early Southern spring . Looks like it wo n't be all that early . Forecasters are calling for a wintry mix of precipitation Wednesday into Thursday from the lower Mississippi Valley to the Carolinas and southern Virginia . Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley declared a state of emergency , with ice , sleet , snow and freezing rain expected in various parts of the state . In North Carolina , Gov. Pat McCrory said he was prepared to declare a state of emergency , with back-to-back storms expected to bring measurable snowfall to most of the state by the weekend . One person was killed Tuesday when a car apparently slid off a slick road and struck a tree , McCrory 's office said . More than 1,700 collisions were reported since Tuesday morning . Tennessee has reported 30 weather-related deaths in the past eight days , including car accidents , cases of carbon monoxide poisoning and hypothermia . As of Tuesday evening , there were 32,600 customers without power over six counties . Things will get interesting again by Wednesday afternoon . In Georgia , Gov. Nathan Deal ordered state government offices in 50 northern counties closed on Wednesday and declared a state of emergency for disaster preparedness , starting at 2 p.m. "  With forecasts showing we could see accumulation by 4 p.m. , I want to make sure we get as many commuters home before then as possible , " Deal said . State and local officials were heavily criticized for their response to a January 2014 storm that left a traffic nightmare and motorists stranded . Officials stress they have been well-prepared for this season 's weather . The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning in north Georgia for Wednesday through Thursday , with snow , rain and subfreezing temperatures in some areas . In addition , a fresh blast of Arctic air will swirl into the Upper Midwest and Northern Plains , cooling much of the eastern two-thirds of the country later this week . That means the Plains states will see temperatures more than 30 degrees below average Thursday and Friday . The Northeast will awake Thursday and Friday with temperatures 20 to 25 degrees below average . In case you 've forgotten , Southerners are n't good with ice . And we 're not talking just a little bit into the South , ice is possible nearly to the Gulf Coast . Officially , forecasters call it a wintry mix . That 's code for snow , sleet , rain and freezing rain . Weather advisories are posted from east Texas to Virginia . Here 's what the the nation is facing and how it 's coping . An American Airlines plane skidded off a taxiway at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Monday night . The pilot was taxiing to the terminal when the plane got stuck . No one was hurt . Lake Charles , Louisiana , is only 30 miles from the Gulf of Mexico , yet freezing rain is in the forecast . The gators say this is a croc . Even though it 's been on the chilly side for the last week -- virtually a lifetime for folks below the Mason-Dixon line -- Southerners still have a ways to go before perfecting their winter sports skills . Look for a scapegoat when all else  or is that all Elsa ?  fails . Police officers in Hanahan , South Carolina , tried to put the impending storm on ice by arresting the Disney princess lookalike.Sure it was a noble cause , but at what cost ? How many little girls will cry themselves to sleep thinking Elsa is behind bars ? While the South struggles with winter , a Boston man has found a way to profit from it . For $ 89 , he 'll express ship 6 pounds of snow to anywhere in the United States . It 's packed in a Styrofoam container so it should n't melt too much . Ship Snow , Yo sold out the first day and with 70 inches of the white stuff on the ground , the company should be able to fill orders for some time to come . You know winter has gone on too long when the New York Times writes an editorial about it . Trying to ease the Big Apple out of its cabin fever , the headline simply reads : "  This Winter Has Gotten Old . " Actually there 's not much hope in the article , except that "  New Yorkers are relieved not to live in Boston . Bostonians , snow-buried , may be grateful not to be on the ice planet Hoth , where it 's Boston winter everywhere , all the time . " And , if the snow and ice were n't bad enough , Floridians are acting all superior about their good fortunes . A week ago , parts of the Sunshine state were in the deep freeze . Now they 're getting cocky . "  A ridiculous 84 in Orlando today ! " tweets meteorologist Tom Terry . "  Soaking in the warm air as another ice/snow storm hammers the South . " Is hate too strong a word ? CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Phil Gast and Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	Georgia and Alabama declare state of emergency ; N.C. considers it Tennessee officials report 30 weather-related deaths in past week
CNN  -- Big-spending English Premier League club Manchester City have completed the much-anticipated signing of Argentina international Carlos Tevez . Carlos Tevez faces competiton from seven other forwards in Manchester City 's first-team squad . The 25-year-old was presented to the media on Tuesday afternoon ahead of City 's departure the following day for a three-match pre-season tour of South Africa . City revealed on Monday night that the striker has agreed a five-year contract and would complete his move from bitter rivals Manchester United after passing a medical . A fee for the transfer has not yet been revealed , but it is reported that City have agreed to pay about $ 40 million to take over the player 's ownership rights from the sports agencies which previously held them . Tevez denied claims by his former manager Alex Ferguson that he had decided to leave Old Trafford as long ago as January . Ferguson also said that he had offered the player a new contract on the night United played Inter Milan in the Champions League in March , but Tevez did not return his calls or text messages . "  I was there for two years and Sir Alex never called or sent any text messages in that time , " Tevez told reporters through an interpreter . "  The only time he spoke to me was after the Champions League final in Rome when I was going back to Argentina . It does n't seem that this is the way to treat a player in two years at the club . It does n't seem there is a line of communication . "  It is United people talking about signing a contract  in January  but it is not true that it was decided then . I felt Sir Alex Ferguson and  United chief executive  David Gill did not do enough to try to keep me . "  The fact I did not stay at United was not because of the fans . They must understand a part of my heart will always be with them . They were always extremely supportive , even when I was n't playing . " City manager Mark Hughes confirmed that the club had been in contact with Arsenal over a move for Togo striker Emmanuel Adebayor , who has been linked with a $ 40 million move to Eastlands . "  I think there 's been discussions between ourselves and Arsenal but , as is my usual response about players that we have n't signed , really it 's not the right time or place to discuss that -- only in as much as yes , there has been contact , " Hughes told reporters . "  There 's a deal to be done , possibly , but it 's not been concluded as we speak . Until it actually happens , really it 's not the time or the place to discuss it here . " The Mancunians have also made a huge offer for Chelsea captain John Terry , but the London club have insisted that the England defender is not for sale . "  I have fantastic respect for John Terry , ever since I saw him as a young player when I was at Chelsea as a player myself , " Hughes said . "  He 's a great player and an outstanding captain . But he 's very much a Chelsea player at this moment in time . I think any manager would covet a player of the type of John Terry , but at this moment in time he 's a player for Chelsea , so we have to respect that . " The high-profile capture of Tevez is a big boost for the club and its billionaire Abu Dhabi-based owner , who was forced to end his long-running bid to sign Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o . The Cameroon international , who had been offered a reported $ 400,000 a week wages , stalled on the move after being offered a new deal by the European champions , with some papers claiming he wanted a big chunk of any transfer fee paid by City . If Hughes does also sign Adebayor then the Welshman will have nine strikers at his disposal . The former Manchester United forward already has new $ 30 million signing Roque Santa Cruz , January 's $ 23 million acquisition Craig Bellamy and Brazil star Robinho -- who arrived a year ago in a British-record $ 58 million coup . Felipe Caicedo , Valeri Bojinov , Benjani Mwaruwari and Ched Evans have also been given shirt numbers -- Tevez will wear No. 32 -- in a 57-strong squad named ahead of the new season . Hughes has released former England international striker Darius Vassell , while England Under-20 forward Daniel Sturridge has joined Chelsea for a fee to be resolved by a tribunal . Tevez scored 19 goals in 63 appearances for Premier League champions United after joining from West Ham , who he controversially saved from relegation despite a furor over his part-ownership with agent Kia Joorabchian 's MSI Group . He has won 50 international caps , and has recently returned from holidays following Argentina 's latest World Cup qualifiers . Tevez , who has won an Olympic gold medal , is the only man to be named South American Player of the Year in three successive seasons .	Argentina striker Carlos Tevez joins Manchester City on a five-year contract The 25-year-old decided to leave City 's bitter rivals Manchester United City pay a reported $ 40 million to buy the player 's ownership rights Club have also contacted Arsenal over move for striker Emmanuel Adebayor
Atlanta  CNN  This is a tale of two storms . The one that  kind of  hit Atlanta and the one that hit everywhere else . Atlanta 's was anti-climactic . Everywhere else was worse . Ask folks along a line from Arkansas to Virginia . Unlike last year , when city officials were caught completely by surprise , Atlanta was prepared this time . But the storm stayed north of town . It did do some damage , slicking up roads and knocking out power to tens of thousands of people . Still , Snowmageddon 2015 it was n't . Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal did his part . He ordered a state of emergency for 51 northern counties . Authorities were ready too . There were more snow plows , more trucks to spread brine and they were out in force ahead of the bad weather . And people helped out by staying home or leaving work early . Still , social media was n't about to give the governor a break . "  As a stockholder of a grocery store here , I appreciate you guys invoking a false panic again . #ATLsnow , " tweeted Tommy Sale . North of the city , there was lots of snow , especially in the mountains , but Atlanta mainly got rain . It was a disappointing prospect for those who had their hearts set on making a snowman from a rare snowfall . "  Serious question , how am I supposed to build a snowman with rain ? " asked Angelica Monteon . "  lol , a little imagination and your freezer , " responded Ashley Hamilton . Other parts of the South found enough snow to put together more than your basic snowman . In northeast Mississippi they were channeling "  Star Wars " and the ice planet Hoth in creating a snowy version of an Imperial walker . In Alabama , the snow inspired a host of Elsas , Annas and Olafs to spread their wintry magic "  Frozen " style . By early Thursday , the storm system had largely left the Deep South behind , instead spreading a blanket of white on the Carolinas and northward . North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory noted that this marked the second time in two years that a major winter storm covered his entire state . There were no casualties or major injuries , thankfully , but the central part of the state got up to 7 inches while a few inches fell in the east . It was n't just that snow fell , but the type of snow -- heavy stuff that snapped branches and weighed down power lines , especially in Durham and Wake counties . That led to some 224,000 Duke Energy customers being in the dark at one point , a number that had fallen to about 78,000 by 6:25 p.m. Thursday . "  The biggest issue for us , especially Greensboro to the east , was power outages , " McCrory said . "  That is something that ... we did n't anticipate . " Thankfully , though , North Carolinians were ready in other ways . They heeded officials ' warnings by stocking up , staying off the roads and staying safe . The storm did leave behind its share of slippery misery . North of Atlanta , Interstate 75 was in gridlock Wednesday afternoon . Catching flights was a nightmare in some southern cities . Atlanta , Dallas and Charlotte were the hardest hit . Some 1,600 flights were canceled at all U.S. airports on Wednesday . Nearly 900 have been scrubbed for Thursday . In Alabama , Joe Day and some friends thought it would be better for them to drive home to Evansville , Indiana , instead of worrying with canceled flights . They did n't make it far . They were stuck on I-65 about 30 miles north of Birmingham . Day says a hill and snow-covered roadways led to backed-up traffic for miles . In Tennessee , 30 weather-related deaths have been reported in the past 10 days . A small child died in Mississippi after the car she was in hydroplaned . And a student from the University of Mississippi in Oxford was killed in a sledding accident Wednesday . The South 's fascination with snow is a bit bemusing for those who live north of the Mason-Dixon line . After all , in Boston , they were over winter about 70 inches ago . "  How 's the snow treating you , southern US folks ? Having fun yet ? " asked Canadian L.M. Murphy on Twitter . "  DO N'T MOCK OUR SOUTHERN SNOW PANIC ! " warned Whitney Waddell in Nashville . And then there was this bit of empathy from points north . "  I love all the snow pictures of my southern friends because they actually appreciate the snow , " tweeted Abby Kreuser .	Unanticipated , widespread power outages the big problem in North Carolina A University of Mississippi student dies in a sledding accident Bad weather contributes to miles-long backups in Alabama and Georgia
The Supreme Court gave limited approval on Monday to public prayers at a New York town 's board meetings , citing the country 's history of religious acknowledgment in the legislature . The 5-4 ruling came in yet another contentious case over the intersection of faith and the civic arena . It was confined to the specific circumstances and offered few bright-line rules on how other communities should offer civic prayers without violating the Constitution . Two local women sued officials in Greece , New York , objecting to invocations at monthly public sessions on government property . The invocations , according to the plaintiffs , have been overwhelmingly Christian in nature over the years . "  The town of Greece does not violate the First Amendment by opening its meetings with prayer that comports with our tradition , " Justice Anthony Kennedy said , "  and does not coerce participation by nonadherents . " Just moments before the opinion was announced from the bench , the high court began its public session as it has for decades : with the marshal invoking a traditional statement that ends , "  God save the United States and this honorable court . " The several hundred people in attendance , along with the justices , stood for the brief ceremony . The conservative majority offered varying interpretations of when such "  ceremonial " prayers would be permissible . Kennedy , along with Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito , focused on the specifics of the Greece case and did not offer a broad expansion of legislative prayer . Fellow conservative Justices Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia went further , suggesting that even any "  subtle pressure " that local citizens might feel would not be enough to ban such prayers . In dissent , Justice Elena Kagan said , "  When the citizens of this country approach their government , they do so only as Americans , not as members of one faith or another . And that means that even in a partly legislative body , they should not confront government-sponsored worship that divides them along religious lines . " ` It 's just not appropriate ' The town of about 94,000 residents outside Rochester began allowing prayers to start its meetings in 1999 , after years of having a "  moment of silence . " Co-plaintiffs Linda Stephens and Susan Galloway challenged the revised policy , saying officials repeatedly ignored their requests to modify or eliminate the practice , or at least make it more inclusive . "  It 's very divisive when you bring government into religion , " Stephens told CNN from her home . "  I do n't believe in God , and Susan is Jewish , so to hear these ministers talk about Jesus and even have some of them who personally question our motives , it 's just not appropriate . " The town government counters that after concerns from the two women and others , it sought diverse voices , including a Wiccan priestess , to offer invocations . Officials say they do not review the content of the remarks , nor censor any language . "  The faith of the prayer giver does not matter at all , " said John Auberger , Greece 's board supervisor , who began the practice shortly after taking office . "  We accept anyone who wants to come in and volunteer to give the prayer to open up our town meetings . " A federal appeals court in New York found the board 's policy to be a violation of the Constitution 's Establishment Clause , which forbids any government "  endorsement " of religion . Those judges said it had the effect of "  affiliating the town with Christianity . " Congress and state legislatures regularly open their sessions with a prayer . The question in part before the court is whether local government bodies are different , in that there might be more active involvement with local residents , who may want to personally petition the town in zoning , tax and other matters . Kagan suggested the court 's ruling could lead to sectarian prayers at such government venues as trials , polling places , and naturalization ceremonies . But Alito expressed concern "  some readers will take these hypotheticals as a warning that this is where today 's decision leads -- to a country in which religious minorities are denied the equal benefits of citizenship . " "  Nothing could be further from the truth , " added Alito . "  All that the court does today is to allow a town to follow a practice that we have previously held is permissible for Congress and state legislatures . " Widely varying interpretations Nearly 120 members of Congress , mostly Republicans , along with 18 state attorneys general , filed supporting legal briefs backing the city . The Obama administration did the same . The high court has generally taken a case-by-case approach on determining just when the state intrudes unconstitutionally into religion , while generally allowing faith to be acknowledged in a limited basis in a public forum . "  In God We Trust " remains on currency ; the Pledge of Allegiance and oaths of office mention a creator ; and menorah and crèche displays are permitted in local parks . But the justices , in their widely varying interpretations of this case , acknowledged the tricky line they must walk -- politically , socially , legally -- when deciding Establishment Clause appeals . It was Kennedy 's views that ultimately controlled . "  By inviting ministers to serve as chaplain for the month , and welcoming them to the front of the room alongside civic leaders , the town is acknowledging the central place that religion , and religious institutions , hold in the lives of those present , " he said . "  Indeed , some congregations are not simply spiritual homes for town residents but also the provider of social services for citizens regardless of their beliefs . " The Alliance Defending Freedom , which represented the town in court , agreed . "  The Supreme Court has again affirmed that Americans are free to pray , " said the group 's senior counsel David Cortman . "  In America , we tolerate a diversity of opinions and beliefs ; we do n't silence people or try to separate what they say from what they believe . " But the ACLU said it was disappointed . "  Official religious favoritism should be off-limits under the Constitution , " said the group 's Daniel Mach . "  Town-sponsored sectarian prayer violates the basic rule requiring the government to stay neutral on matters of faith . " The case of Town of Greece , NY v. Galloway  12-696  . Belief blog : Do religious minorities have a prayer ? In November : Top court not likely to block town prayers	Two residents of Greece , New York , objected to invocations at town board meetings Opening meetings with traditional prayer does n't violate First Amendment , high court says Dissent warns of "  government-sponsored worship that divides " citizens "  along religious lines " Ruling offers little on how other communities should offer civic prayers
CNN  -- A Texas woman accused of killing her toddler daughter and dumping the body in Galveston Bay has been found guilty of murder by a jury in Galveston , Texas . Kimberly Dawn Trenor received a life sentence without possibility of parole in the murder of her daughter . Kimberly Dawn Trenor , 20 , showed no emotion as the verdict was read late Monday . Trenor had pleaded guilty to tampering with evidence in the case , but pleaded not guilty to the capital murder charge . She received a life sentence without the possibility of parole . The body of Trenor 's daughter , Riley Ann Sawyers , was found in October 2007 in a large blue plastic container on an uninhabited island in Galveston Bay . Two-year-old Riley Ann 's case drew national attention after a fisherman found her body . Authorities did n't know her identity , and police dubbed her "  Baby Grace . " After authorities distributed composite sketches of the girl nationwide , Sheryl Sawyers , the girl 's paternal grandmother , contacted police from her Ohio home to say the drawing resembled her granddaughter . DNA testing confirmed the child 's identity . According to an affidavit , Trenor told police Riley had been beaten and thrown across a room and that her head was held under water before she died on July 24 , 2007 . Another piece of evidence shown to the jury during the trial was a page of Trenor 's journal where she talked of beating the child , according to CNN affiliate KTRK . "  I just kept hitting her with the belt again and again . I do n't know how long , but I remember her trying to get away and me knocking her back down , " the journal said . Trenor 's husband , Royce Clyde Zeigler II , 25 , also faces capital murder and evidence tampering charges , but is being tried separately . A court date has not been set in that case .	Body of Kimberly Dawn Trenor 's daughter found on Galveston Bay island in 2007 Police dubbed girl "  Baby Grace " before her identity was known Trenor wrote in journal about beating toddler Trenor 's husband to face murder charges in separate trial
CNN  -- This week , Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan leveled the ultimate insult at President Barack Obama . He said : "  The Jimmy Carter years look like the good old days compared to where we are right now . " In the modern political era , comparing any Democratic  or Republican  president to Jimmy Carter is just about as nasty as a politician can get . The characterization of Carter might not be fair -- as many historians have started to look again at the accomplishments of his term , such as his initiatives on energy and his role in the peace treaty between Israel and Egypt -- but the poor state of the economy on his watch and trouble in Iran and Afghanistan left the Georgian as a symbol of incompetence and failed presidential leadership . A different way to think about Ryan 's statement is to ask a question , one that is equally relevant to Ryan and his future : What is the condition of the Republican Party compared with where it stood in 1980 ? On this front , the comparison might not be so kind to the GOP . After all , when Carter 's presidency ended , the Republicans had a number of up-and-coming political stars who would soon remake the political landscape , ranging from Newt Gingrich to Ronald Reagan , both in their prime . Today , even with the promise of candidates such as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and U.S. Rep. Ryan , it is unclear whether Republicans have the same kind of farm team ready to take over Washington . Reagan expressed conservative ideas in a way that was appealing to a broad spectrum of the country and made the ideas of the right seem like a bridge to the future . Reagan displayed the kind of electoral savvy that was needed to hold together a diverse coalition even when there were significant differences over policy among Republicans . He could deflect attacks from his opponents with a turn of the phrase or even a quick smile . Certainly , presidential candidate Mitt Romney has revealed the limits of his talent on the campaign trail and his difficulty articulating the same kind of compelling ideological agenda as his predecessors in 1980 . Another way in which Republicans are not doing as well is , ironically , a result of their success . After holding significant power in the White House or Congress for over three decades , Republicans can no longer claim the same kind of outsider status as they did when Reagan won office . Since 1980 , they are a party with a sizable record of their own -- a record that includes high levels of government spending , pork barrel politics , flawed military operations , corruption and unsuccessful economic policies . When Republicans talk about the problems with Washington , they must talk about the problems with themselves , not just Democrats . They even have a controversial president of their own , George W. Bush , who has come to symbolize failures of conservative leadership . Finally , according to numerous analysts , demographics are no longer working in favor of Republicans . While in 1980 Republicans were riding the wave of a booming Sunbelt , Democrats can now look forward to the expanding minority vote , namely Hispanics , and the movement of highly educated voters into blue states . So Ryan might be right that voters can feel a little of 1980 in 2012 , given that the economic stagnation of today is reminiscent of the malaise in the late 1970s . But the GOP needs to be careful because their party is not in quite the same shape as it once was . and as a result , it might have a harder time repeating Reagan 's success . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Paul Ryan has "  insulted " Obama by comparing his presidency to Carter 's He has better question : Is GOP in anything like the position it held in 1980 with Reagan ? He says despite Gov. Chris Christie and others , GOP lacks "  farm team " to take over D.C. Zelizer : With spending , wars , bad economic policies , GOP has its own problems with record
CNN  -- One person died and one person was wounded when an apparent altercation led to a shooting at a Seattle-area bar , police said Monday . The shooting occurred just a few hours after the Seattle Seahawks won their way into the NFL playoffs . Several players and other celebrities were among hundreds of people gathered at Munchbar , a popular nightspot in Bellevue , Washington . No players were injured in the incident , which occurred just after 1 a.m. PT Monday . Bellevue police said a 30-year-old man from Seattle was killed but did not identify him . Another man suffered a gunshot wound , police said . Investigators are trying to determine how many suspects were involved in the incident . "  We have to talk to quite a few witnesses , so we 're working with some of the witnesses who were closest to the situation , " police spokeswoman Carla Iafrate told reporters . Seahawks defensive end Greg Scruggs tweeted "  I 'm OK " and "  Everybody else is good too ! . . Ignorance at its best right there " after the shooting . CNN affiliate KING reported that the players were in a VIP lounge and were escorted to a safe place after the incident . The station also reported that Aubrey O'Day , who has appeared in several TV reality shows , tweeted that everyone in the players ' group hit the floor when the gunfire erupted . In other tweets , she described how she saw a body and how people had to crawl out through the kitchen . "  I saw the guy laying on the floor and blood everywhere ... Wasnt sure of his status , " she said . Bellevue police said there were about 600 people in the bar , and nearby officers immediately responded to reports of the shooting . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this story .	Police : Altercations preceded a shooting at a popular Seattle-area bar CNN affiliate KING reports that several NFL players were in the bar at the time Detectives are still interviewing witnesses to develop leads on suspects Reality star tweets that she saw body on the floor and a lot of blood
CNN  -- The puppeteer who gave Sesame Street 's Elmo his voice allegedly threw a crystal meth sex party for a teenage boy in 2004 , according to a federal lawsuit filed this week . Sheldon Stephens , now 24 , is the fourth man to sue Kevin Clash , but he was the first one to publicly claim he had a sexual relationship with him as a teen . Stephens ' lawsuit is "  meritless and barred by the statute of limitations , " Clash lawyer Michael Berger told CNN Tuesday . "  Mr. Clash continues to deny any wrongdoing , and we intend to defend this case forcefully . " Although Stephens called it an "  an adult consensual relationship " last November , the revelation triggered Clash 's suspension from Sesame Street and eventually his resignation . Clash , who provided the high-pitched voice of the iconic furry red Elmo since 1984 , acknowledged a relationship between "  two consenting adults " when Stephens ' story first emerged , but he said it otherwise was a "  false and defamatory allegation . " "  I am a gay man , " Clash , 52 , said in a statement in November . "  I have never been ashamed of this or tried to hide it , but felt it was a personal and private matter . " When heroes disappoint our kids Three other men soon emerged with federal lawsuits , filed last November and December , accusing Clash of befriending them as teenager then engaging in sex with them . They are all represented by Florida lawyer Jeff Herman , who also filed Stephens ' lawsuit Monday . Clash 's lawyer has asked a judge to dismiss the three other suits based on his argument that the men waited too long to sue . The federal statute of limitations on such civil cases is six years , while their allegations involve relationships that ended more than 10 years ago , Berger said in a court filing this month . Each lawsuit contends that the men only realized in the last year or so that they suffered psychological and emotional damage from their encounters with Clash . "  Clash was an adult male living a prominent public life centered around the entertainment of toddlers , while at the same time he was , in secret , preying on teenage boys to satisfy his depraved sexual interests , " the Stephens suit alleged . While the allegations in the newest suit mirror what the other men contend , Stephens ' complaint is the only one to allege drug use by Clash . "  Clash smoked crystal meth while engaging in sexual activity with Sheldon , " the lawsuit said . "  Clash also gave Sheldon ` poppers ' as a sexual aide . While Clash had sexual contact with Sheldon , the chauffeur watched and masturbated . " "  Poppers " generally refers to alkyl nitrites in capsule form that produce a physical rush when broken and inhaled : crystal meth refers to crystal methamphetamine . Stephens was 16 when he met Clash in New York "  at a social networking event for models and actors , " the suit said . "  Clash told Sheldon he would help Sheldon with his acting career , " it said . Clash resigned from his job on "  Sesame Street " after the first lawsuit was filed in November . "  I am resigning from Sesame Workshop with a very heavy heart , " Clash said in a written statement at the time . "  I have loved every day of my 28 years working for this exceptional organization . Personal matters have diverted attention away from the important work Sesame Street is doing and I can not allow it to go on any longer . I am deeply sorry to be leaving and am looking forward to resolving these personal matters privately . " Despite his stepping down , Clash 's voice will be used for Elmo through 2014 , as the next season of "  Sesame Street " has already been filmed . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Sheldon Stephens ' suit accuses Kevin Clash of causing him psychological harm Clash 's lawyer says suit is "  meritless and barred by the statute of limitations " Stephens previously called it "  an adult consensual relationship " 3 other men using the same lawyer are suing Clash for similar reasons
CNN  -- For a governor described as a "  my way or the highway " kind of guy , Chris Christie sounded mighty conciliatory on Tuesday in trying to move his administration and his 2016 presidential ambitions past a swirling controversy over alleged political retribution . The New Jersey Republican repeatedly emphasized bipartisan efforts and working together in a State of the State address that took on special prominence because of investigations into whether his staff orchestrated traffic gridlock near the country 's busiest bridge to punish a Democratic mayor for refusing to endorse his re-election last year . With the national spotlight on an annual speech normally given little attention outside the state , Christie sought to reframe the political focus away from the George Washington Bridge controversy by citing the successes of his first term and calling for cooperation from the Democratic-led state Assembly and Senate . First came the bad , with Christie addressing the scandal in his first sentences by accepting ultimate responsibility even though he said last week he knew nothing about it . "  Mistakes were clearly made , and as a result , we let down the people we are entrusted to serve , " Christie told state legislators gathered in Trenton for the speech intended to outline policy plans for the state . His administration will cooperate "  with all appropriate inquiries " into the controversy to "  ensure this breach of trust does not happen again , " Christie said before shifting away from the issue by saying the scandal "  does not define us or our state " and will not delay "  the work that needs to be done to improve the people 's lives in New Jersey . " Instead , Christie emphasized economic successes of his first term and called for cooperation from the Democratic-led state Assembly and Senate . In a span of 10 paragraphs , he used the word "  we " 17 times in describing specific achievements such as job creation and economic growth . Outlining a conservative agenda of no additional taxes and more law enforcement , the recently re-elected governor also proposed education reforms and programs to help drug offenders rejoin society . The most emotional moment came well into the nearly hour-long address when Christie told the story of Craig Hanlon , a former drug addict from his hometown now working as a practicing attorney . Hanlon , who was seated near the front , stood up and hugged the governor to a lengthy ovation . By tradition , legislators stood and applauded when Christie arrived , and he received repeated ovations when citing accomplishments of his first term and outlining new proposals . However , the bridge controversy remains prominent for the early frontrunner for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . Last week , the New Jersey State Assembly committee investigating the matter made public more than 2,000 pages of documents suggesting politics was behind the unannounced lane closures on the New Jersey side of the bridge last September that caused traffic gridlock in Fort Lee . The documents suggest that top Christie aides orchestrated the traffic mess to punish that town 's mayor for not endorsing their boss , and that they allegedly tried to stonewall media inquiries into the matter . N.J. Dem on bridge scandal : I think laws were broken Christie fired one top adviser for her apparent role in the scandal and other key advisers have left their jobs . He has repeatedly apologized for being "  blindsided " by what his aides and appointees were doing . After Christie 's reference to the controversy in Tuesday 's speech , a top Democrat in the New Jersey legislature who heads an investigating panel rejected the governor 's insistence he knew nothing about the lane closures . "  I find that a little hard to believe , " Assemblyman John Wisniewski told CNN . Wisniewski described relations between New Jersey Democrats and Christie as "  very difficult , " saying the governor "  set lines in the sand " and "  said it 's my way or the highway . " "  Bipartisan means both sides give . That 's not how this governor operates , " Wisniewski said . Meanwhile , the assembly 's GOP leader said he believed that Christie knew nothing about what happened . "  If a governor lies about what he knows , that 's troublesome . That did n't happen here , " Jon Bramnick said . Federal officials also are looking at whether Christie improperly used Superstorm Sandy relief funds to produce tourism ads promoting the Jersey shore 's recovery that starred him and his family . In the new inquiry , federal auditors will examine New Jersey 's use of $ 25 million of the funds for the marketing campaign , New Jersey Democratic Rep. Frank Pallone told CNN . In a statement on Monday , Christie 's office said the "  Stronger than the Storm " campaign was part of an "  action plan " approved by the Obama administration and developed with the goal of showing that the New Jersey shore was open for business just several months after the storm that devastated parts of the mid Atlantic in October 2012 . A separate statement Tuesday by the federal Housing and Urban Development agency described the probe as a routine audit "  and not an investigation of the procurement process . " While political observers say the bridge scandal is n't good for Christie , the Sandy investigation has the potential to be much more damaging to his national image since it was his signature achievement following the storm . Feds investigate Christie 's use of Sandy relief funds On Tuesday , Christie did not specifically mention that audit by the HUD inspector general , a watchdog over federal spending . In what might have been an ironic reference to Sandy funding , Christie praised the cooperative spirit in the state that helped its recovery from the storm , seeming to describe his own challenges now . "  Let that spirit of Sandy be a powerful lesson to all of us , that when times are most difficult , cooperation and progress are possible , " Christie said . "  Indeed , I tell you , they 're necessary . " CNN 's Ed Payne , Jake Tapper , Chris Frates and Scott Bronstein contributed to this report	NEW : Gov. Christie pledges cooperation with all inquiries into ongoing scandal New Jersey 's State of the State address takes on national interest Christie briefly mentions controversy over alleged political retribution Federal auditors are investigating the use of Superstorm Sandy relief funds
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Clashes broke out Friday between Palestinians and Israeli security forces after the funeral of a Palestinian teenager abducted and killed in Jerusalem this week . More than 60 people were injured in fighting in parts of Jerusalem , according to the Palestinian Medical Relief Society , a group that said it was involved in evacuating injured Palestinians . It said the injuries mostly involved rubber bullets fired at the upper body and chest . Israeli police said 13 officers were slightly injured in the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Shuafat , where Palestinian protesters were throwing rocks at police , who responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas . Police have said they are investigating whether the Palestinian youth 's death was an act of retaliation for the killings of three Israeli teens , whose bodies were discovered Monday in a field in the West Bank . The killings of the Palestinian and Israeli teenagers have ratcheted up tensions in a region where peace talks fell apart earlier this year . Ahead of the Palestinian boy 's funeral , Israeli police significantly stepped up security around Palestinian areas of the city , putting up checkpoints and shutting off access to the Shuafat neighborhood where the slain teen , Mohammad Abu Khedair , lived . Carried in by dozens of people , the 16-year-old 's body was brought to a mosque there for the funeral . After the ceremony , his remains were taken by his family for burial in a nearby cemetery . The sound of sirens and gunfire filled the streets of the Palestinian suburb as fighting again erupted . A CNN team on the ground saw about 30 Israeli riot police firing rubber bullets , tear gas and stun grenades in the direction of Palestinian protesters , who were throwing stones and Molotov cocktails toward the police . CNN 's Ben Wedeman was slightly injured when a rubber bullet hit him in the forehead Friday afternoon . He continued to report from the site after medics attended to him . The clashes went on for several hours until the mood calmed a little around 6 p.m. local time . The violence may pick up again later Friday evening after Muslims break their Ramadan fast . Well over 1,000 Palestinians gathered for the funeral despite strict Israeli security measures that have limited movement around Jerusalem , including in the Old City . The funeral coincided with the first Friday prayers held during the Ramadan period when emotions are often heightened . Violence first broke out after news of Abu Khedair 's death Wednesday , and it also flared overnight in parts of the city and the West Bank . The Palestinian Red Crescent said 27 Palestinian youths were injured in the overnight unrest . It was n't immediately clear if any Israelis were hurt . A Palestinian farmer is in critical condition after Israeli fire hit him on his farm east of Gaza , according to Palestinian medical sources in Gaza on Friday . Palestinian security sources said that four rockets were fired from the same location . Forced into car Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pledged Thursday to find the perpetrators responsible for the boy 's killing , an act he described as "  a despicable crime . " Israeli authorities are still trying to determine who killed Abu Khedair and why , Netanyahu said . Abu Khedair was heading from his home to a mosque for prayers around 4 a.m. Wednesday when three men forced him into a car and drove off , his father , Hussain Abu Khedair , said . The boy 's body was found about an hour later in a forest in West Jerusalem . Israeli police have said they are looking into the possibility that his death was related to a family dispute as well as the alternative theory that it was a revenge killing . "  The investigation is continuing . We are still looking at the possibility to determine if we are talking about a criminal incident or a nationalistic incident , " Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said . Arrests after Israelis kidnapped Since the June 13 abduction of the Israeli teens -- Eyal Yifrach , Gilad Shaar and Naftali Frankel -- on their way home from school , Israel has arrested hundreds of activists from Hamas , the militant Islamic organization it blames for the kidnapping . Israeli forces have also destroyed the homes of the two main suspects it has identified in the Israeli teenagers ' abduction . WAFA , the Palestinian state news agency , reported Wednesday that 15 Palestinians have been killed during that time . The figure includes six killed by Israeli troops in the West Bank , three in an Israeli airstrike in Gaza , two dead of heart attacks after West Bank raids , plus the recently slain Palestinian teenager . Hamas has praised the kidnappings of the Israelis but denied that it was responsible for what happened . It warned that if Netanyahu "  brings a war on Gaza , the gates of hell will open to him . " Rockets , airstrikes This week 's unrest comes as Israelis and Palestinians continue to trade blows over longstanding issues . There have been Palestinian rocket attacks and Israeli airstrikes . On Friday the Israeli air force struck three Hamas targets in southern Gaza , the IDF said in a statement . At least 14 rockets and mortars were fired from the Palestinian territory , according to the IDF . Ten of them hit Israeli territory while three were intercepted by the Iron Dome missile defense system and one landed in Palestinian territory , the IDF said . Opinion : Teens ' killing hurts Israelis , bad for Palestinians Opinion : Slain teens call for justice , not escalation CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Jerusalem . Steve Almasy in Atlanta and Laura Smith-Spark in London reported and wrote . CNN 's Michael Schwartz , Kareem Khadder , Jethro Mullen , Pierre Meilhan and Amir Tal contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 60 people injured in fighting in Jerusalem after Palestinian teen 's funeral Family buries slain teenager after funeral held at East Jerusalem mosque Israel tightens security around Jerusalem Police investigating whether boy 's death in retaliation for killings of three Israeli teens
CNN Student News  -- October 29 , 2013 A pair of anniversaries are covered on Tuesday 's program . We examine the impact of the 1929 stock market crash , and one year after the landfall of "  Superstorm " Sandy , we explore the science behind its powerful storm surge and the resiliency of some of its victims . Plus , we report on a powerful storm in the United Kingdom , and we discuss Russia 's preparations for the Winter Olympics . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : To what extent are anniversaries of major events newsworthy ? What factors might contribute to coverage of news anniversaries ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . resilience 2 . stock market crash 3 . Winter Olympics Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . How might the angle at which a storm makes landfall affect its severity ? 2 . According to the researcher interviewed in the report , what factors promote resilience in individuals ? 3 . What city is hosting the 2014 Winter Olympic Games ? How is the city preparing for these Olympics ? What challenges does it face ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How might people in a storm 's path react differently to a hurricane warning than they might to a post-tropical cyclone warning ? How do you think forecasters should address this when reporting on an approaching storm ? What are some things meteorologists might look for to determine the characteristics of a particular storm ? How might they use this kind of information ? 2 . Why do you think the 1929 stock market crash had such a massive impact on the U.S. economy ? How might the news media have covered the crash in 1929 ? How would that have been different from the way the crash is remembered by today 's media ? 3 . What might be the benefits and challenges of hosting a Winter Olympic Games ? In what ways might this be different from hosting the Summer Olympics ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Europe United Kingdom Russia North America New Jersey ; New York City FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- For the first week of Jerry Sandusky 's child sex trial , eight young men held jurors spellbound with testimony about a sports hero they say groped them in the car , soaped them in the shower and sexually assaulted them on a basement waterbed . How do you come back from something like that ? Sandusky 's defense attorneys , Joe Amendola and Karl Rominger , responded this week with rapid-fire rounds of testimony ; 29 witnesses took the stand in little more than two days -- including 11 character witnesses in a single hour . The defense also chipped away at the character and motives of the alleged victims , sparing no one : not the young accusers , not their families and certainly not the cops . The defense rested shortly before noon Wednesday without calling Sandusky as a witness . The prosecution had no further rebuttal . The jurors were dismissed and told to return Thursday morning for closing arguments . They also were advised to pack suitcases , because they will be sequestered at a hotel during deliberations . Many defense witnesses -- including Dottie , his wife of 46 years -- painted Sandusky in glowing terms befitting a saint . Others questioned the motives of his accusers , particularly the ones known as Alleged Victim Nos. 1 , 4 and 9 . Two mental health experts , one for the defense and one for the prosecution , seemed to cancel each other out . Sandusky 's character witnesses included more than a dozen old friends , former colleagues , fellow church members , ex-players and boys and girls he counseled through his nonprofit for at-risk kids , the Second Mile . They portrayed him as a football legend , role model and selfless do-gooder with a sterling reputation . For Sandusky , it was like homecoming weekend in the courtroom as he chatted , smiled and shook hands with people he has known for decades . They included Lance Mehl , an All-America linebacker at Penn State who went on to play for the New York Jets and works now as a probation officer in Ohio . His testimony was typical : "  We all looked up to him , " Mehl testified in a booming voice . "  He is a class act . " Sandusky , retired defensive coordinator for Penn State 's storied football team , is charged with 51 counts of molesting 10 boys over 15 years . He denies the charges , and his lawyers have suggested that overzealous police and prosecutors targeted him in a trumped-up case . They have compared him to David , fighting Goliath . All you need to know about allegations , how case unraveled The defense called psychologist Elliott Atkins to testify about what No. 4 called "  creepy love letters " he received from Sandusky . Atkins characterized the letters as symptomatic of a mental condition called histrionic personality disorder . He said he diagnosed Sandusky with the disorder after giving him two personality tests , interviewing him for six hours and reviewing the letters and other evidence . But a prosecution psychiatrist , Dr. John Sebastian O'Brien II , saw no evidence of any personality disorder in the test results . If anything , he added , there might be some indication of a "  psychosexual disorder . " But he said further information would be needed for a diagnosis . Defense attorneys played what they say is a smoking gun audiotape : 16 minutes of inadvertently recorded conversation in which a state trooper , Cpl. Joseph Leiter , casually discusses with attorney Ben Andreozzi how best to get the cooperation of the young man who would become known as Alleged Victim No. 4 . Leiter had denied advising No. 4 about what other victims were saying ; the tape contradicted his testimony . The witness was so terrified to talk with police that he curled in the fetal position on his sofa the first time officers knocked on his door , according to testimony . He hired Andreozzi , who specializes in representing crime victims and advertises extensively . No. 4 was taking a cigarette break outside when Andreozzi suggested to the trooper that it might help to let him know others were talking . The tape was left rolling inadvertently , and it captured everything . "  Oh , you 're kidding , the time frame matches up ? " Andreozzi can be heard saying . "  Can we at some point say , ` Listen , we have interviewed other kids . ... Other kids have admitted there was intercourse . Is there anything else you want to tell us ? ' " Leiter responded that such a tactic was not unusual . "  Yes , we do that with all the other kids , " he said on the tape . "  This is what we found ; this is how he operates . ... This has happened , and that has happened . " No. 4 returned to the room and was given a Sierra Mist . The popping and fizzing of soda cans being opened can be heard as Leiter addresses his reluctant witness : "  You 're not the first , " the trooper said . "  I 've interviewed probably nine kids , nine other adults . ... If this was a book , you 'd be repeating word for word what other people told us . And we know from these other young adults who talked to us that there is a pretty well-defined progression that he operated and still operates to some degree . " The defense contends that No. 4 's statement was "  tainted " by suggestions about what the accuser should say . "  You mentioned rape , oral sex and other activities you got from other accusers , right ? " attorney Rominger asked the trooper when he took the witness stand . "  Yes , " Leiter responded . Almost as a bonus for the defense , Leiter and another former trooper contradicted each other on what they had discussed during a court break minutes earlier . Leiter acknowledged that they talked about his testimony ; the other trooper denied it . Only one of them can be right . Opinion : Secrecy and the Sandusky trial The defense attack on No. 4 continued with the testimony of a childhood friend who said he had a reputation for being "  a dishonest person who embellished stories . " There was no love lost with Dottie Sandusky , either . Asked about No. 4 , she said , "  He had his problems . He was very demanding , and he was very conniving , and he wanted his own way . He did n't listen a lot . " She found the boy known as No. 1 to be "  very clingy to Jerry " and said he once ran across the room and jumped in her husband 's lap . Another time , at a wrestling meet , he hugged her husband . "  He would never look anybody in they eye , " she added . The defense also chipped away at the credibility and motives of No. 1 and his family by calling his mother and a former neighbor to the stand . The mother denied saying the case would make her wealthy , but the neighbor , Josh Frevel , testified that after her son claimed he had been sexually abused by Sandusky , she said , "  I 'll own his house . " He added , "  She said , ` When this settles out , she 'll have a nice big house in the country , with a fence , and the dogs can run free . ' " As for her son , Fravel quoted him as saying , "  When this is over , I 'll have a nice new Jeep . " Dottie Sandusky had little to say about the other accusers , except for No. 9 , whom she recalled as "  a charmer , " adding , "  He knew what to say and when to say it . " She said she never witnessed any inappropriate contact between her husband and boys from the Second Mile . She said some slept in an upstairs bedroom at their home during sleepovers , some slept in a first-floor room , and others slept in the basement . She said she never went down there but added that her husband would go to the basement to say good night to his guests . Although the basement was not soundproof , she said , she never heard a thing . "  I just know he went and told them good night . " Asked by prosecutor Joseph E. McGettigan III what would motivate eight young men to make up lies about her husband , she responded , "  I ... I ... I do n't know . "	Defense strategy in Sandusky case was to tear down accusers , families , cops Character witnesses portrayed former Penn State coach as role model , do-gooder Defense calls 16-minute tape between accuser 's attorney and investigator a smoking gun
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  The Afghan Taliban have claimed responsibility for a suicide attack that killed 3 American contractors at a military base attached to the Kabul airport . The attacker in the Thursday incident was a Taliban agent who "  had penetrated into the security forces and was waiting for such a target for a long time , " a spokesman for the group , Zabiullah Mujahid , said Friday . "  Yesterday in the evening he managed to get to a crowd of invading and infidel American military forces where he turned his gun towards them and opened fire , " he added . "  During the gun battle , Ehsanullah was also killed by the enemy . " A U.S. military official earlier told CNN the three American were contractors , not active duty forces .	The attacker is also killed The Americans were contractors
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice invited the woman set to replace her as the nation 's top diplomat , Sen. Hillary Clinton , to dinner Monday night , a State Department spokesman said . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , left , and Sen. Hillary Clinton dined together Monday night . The dinner took place at Rice 's home in the Watergate complex in downtown Washington , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said . The meeting lasted for two hours , he said . "  They talked just very generally about policy -- the challenges , the opportunities -- talked a little bit about the job of secretary of state , talked about the ` building , ' managing a big operation , " McCormack said . The two dined after Clinton met with members of President-elect Barack Obama 's State Department transition team on Monday . Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Tuesday that important information often is exchanged during such dinners between outgoing and incoming secretaries of state . Albright , who was former President Bill Clinton 's top diplomat during his second term , said she had a similar dinner with Colin Powell , President Bush 's first secretary of state , in 2001 . Watch Albright give her advice to Obama " "  I 'm sure they had a social part of it , but Secretary Rice told her what the major challenges are , how the department works -- we call it ` the building ' -- and , generally , I think they are very nice times , " Albright said . "  It 's just a matter of really turning over the most important job in the world on foreign policy , " she added . Albright said Clinton will have to get up to speed on a number of issues , including the status of negotiations the U.S. is engaged in , who will be part of her team and how she will work with other members of Obama 's national security team . "  I know from talking to her that she has a great sense of excitement and desire to ... reintroduce America to the rest of the world , " said Albright , who said she thought that Clinton would be "  a very great secretary of state . " Earlier , Rice said she was looking forward to meeting her successor and said she believes Clinton will do "  a great job . " "  I talked with her and we 're going to sit down , and I 'm really looking forward to it . I 've known her a long time , and she is someone that I admire , " Rice told CNN on Sunday . Despite being from different parties -- and Clinton 's tough criticism of Bush 's foreign policy while she was a Democratic presidential candidate -- Rice has been effusive in her praise of the former first lady . "  President-elect Obama has made his choice , and he 's made a terrific choice . Hillary Clinton is somebody of intelligence , and she 'll do a great job , " Rice told ABC News on Sunday . "  She also has what 's most important to being secretary of state , and that is that you love this country , and you represent it from a basis of faith in its values . And I know that she will do that , " Rice added . Obama 's decision to tap Clinton as his top diplomat already has brought about changes . On Tuesday , former President Clinton released the corporate sponsors of a Clinton Global Initiative meeting in Hong Kong , a practice he previously has resisted . The sponsors of last week 's meeting included CLSA , Laureate , the Roberson Foundation , Citi , the Li Ka Shing Foundation , The Economist , HP , Ogilvy , Suzlon , Thomson Reuters and CNN . The former president agreed to make it a regular practice to disclose the sponsors of his global initiative as part of a deal with the Obama transition team to allow the nomination of his wife to go forward . He also has agreed to allow State Department officials to review his speeches and other personal activities .	Secretary of state invites Sen. Hillary Clinton to dinner at her Washington home Such dinners allow for exchange of important information , ex-secretary of state says Bill Clinton releases names of sponsors of Clinton Global Initiative in Hong Kong
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit by outed spy Valerie Plame and her husband against Vice President Dick Cheney and other top Bush administration officials . A judge threw out the lawsuit from ex-spy Valerie Plame and husband Joseph Wilson . Plame had accused members of the Bush administration of leaking her identity . To knowingly disclose classified information to unauthorized recipients is a crime , and Plame 's position was classified . U.S. District Judge John Bates said the lawsuit raises "  important questions relating to the propriety of actions undertaken by our highest government officials . " But in a 41-page decision , he found Plame and her husband , former U.S. Ambassador Joseph Wilson , failed to show the case belongs in federal court . Plame 's identity as a CIA operative was exposed in July 2003 after Wilson publicly challenged a key argument in the Bush administration 's case for the invasion of Iraq . The couple argued the disclosure destroyed her career and was done to retaliate against Wilson , who said the administration had "  twisted " the evidence used to justify the invasion . CIA leak timeline " Bates , a Bush appointee , agreed with defense arguments that federal law protects Cheney and the other top administration officials from being sued for actions taken as part of their official duties . The way the defendants handled criticism from Joseph Wilson "  may have been highly unsavory , " the judge wrote , but "  there can be no serious dispute that the act of rebutting public criticism ... by speaking with members of the press is within the scope of defendants ' duties as high-level executive branch officials . " Valerie Plame 's exposure ignited a criminal probe that led to I. Lewis "  Scooter " Libby 's conviction in March on charges of perjury , obstruction of justice and lying to federal agents investigating the leak . President Bush commuted Libby 's 30-month prison term earlier this month , calling it "  excessive , " but let the verdicts stand . Melanie Sloan , the Wilsons ' lawyer , said the couple plans to appeal Thursday 's ruling . "  While we are obviously very disappointed by today 's decision , we have always expected that this case would ultimately be decided by a higher court . ... We disagree with the court 's holding and intend to pursue this case vigorously to protect all Americans from vindictive government officials who abuse their power for their own political ends , " she said in a statement . Joseph Wilson said the decision was "  just the first step in what we have always known would be a long legal battle . " "  This case is not just about what top government officials did to Valerie and me , " he said in a statement issued to reporters . "  We brought this suit because we strongly believe that politicizing intelligence ultimately serves only to undermine the security of our nation . " Lea Ann McBride , Cheney 's spokeswoman , said "  the vice president is pleased that the court has dismissed the lawsuit . " The Libby defense team declined to comment . Libby , with his appeal still pending , has deferred to defense attorney Ted Wells to speak for the Libby family . Barbara Comstock , a spokeswoman , told CNN "  there will be no statement . " In addition to Libby and Cheney , the lawsuit also named former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage and Karl Rove , Bush 's top political adviser . During the course of the leak probe , Rove and Armitage were found to have been the two "  senior administration officials " columnist and former CNN contributor Robert Novak cited in identifying Plame as a CIA operative . Both cooperated with special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald 's investigation , and neither was charged with a crime . E-mail to a friend	Ex-spy had accused members of Bush administration of leaking her identity Judge tosses out lawsuit from Valerie Plame , husband Joseph Wilson Bush-appointed judge said couple failed to show case belongs in federal court Plame 's identity as a CIA operative was exposed in July 2003
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Park Police began enforcing a ban Monday on camping in two Washington parks , with Occupy protesters at one site defiantly huddling under a large blue tarp that they dubbed the "  tent of dreams . " No one had been arrested as of early Monday afternoon at McPherson Park or Freedom Plaza , Park Police spokesman Sgt. David Schlosser said at an impromptu news conference frequently interrupted by protesters . But some protesters had voluntarily agreed to remove sleeping bags , pillows and housekeeping supplies , he said . On Friday , the National Park Service set a noon Monday deadline for protesters who have occupied the parks for months to remove their camping gear . Park officials said protesters would be allowed to remain around the clock and keep up tents , so long as one side of each tent remains open at all times , officials said . Georgia resident Dane Charles Primerano filed a complaint and motion for a temporary restraining order in U.S. District Court in Washington on Monday claiming that "  the term ` camping ' is defined over-broadly . " Acting as his own attorney , he argued that sleeping in the park "  is unavoidable for destitute participants in a long-term political assembly , " adding that calling it camping "  implicitly and wrongly  suggests  that the behavior is somehow trivial , frivolous or optional . " "  This is not about ` camping , ' " Primerano wrote . "  It is about preserving political discourse , a good more sacred than any warrior 's statue , and infinitely more fragile than the park 's Bermuda grass . " The threat of arrest did n't deter many in the Occupy DC movement . On its official Twitter feed , the group claimed Monday evening that 50 to 75 protesters were on site -- including a "  bunch of new occupiers . " "  I 'm going to do the best I can to stay here , " said Emily Margaret , who has been staying at the McPherson Park camp . "  If they want to arrest me , they can . " John Zangas said many fellow protesters have removed prohibited gear from McPherson Park , but others have moved in and deliberately set up camp to challenge police . As Monday 's noon deadline passed , protesters pulled the tarp over a statue of the park 's namesake , Civil War Gen. James B. McPherson , to create what they called a "  tent of dreams . " "  Let us sleep so we can dream , " they chanted . Protesters have been camping in McPherson Park since October to rally against what they consider to be corporate greed and financial abuses . Protesters "  glitter-bomb " senator outside D.C. gala Occupy DC said in a statement posted on its website Sunday that members "  will defend the public space we have used as our center for activism , " calling possible arrests of protesters a "  politically motivated attempt to suppress the free speech of the disenfranchised 99 % . " Pastor Brian Merritt of Washington 's Palisades Community Church said area churches have discussed helping house some of the protesters overnight so that they could continue a 24-hour vigil if park police began enforcing the rules against overnight encampments . Whatever happens with the camps and police , Caty McClure said it would not alter her and fellow demonstrators ' commitment to their cause or their activism . "  The park and the occupation of the park is a tactic . It 's not the movement , " she said , calling the camps "  a really important symbolic statement . " "  If we ca n't sleep here , that does not end the movement , " McClure said . One man was arrested Sunday after he allegedly went from tent to tent , removing notices from the Park Service . A video posted online showed the man walking away from police as officers tried to grab him . One officer used a Taser on the man , who fell to the ground and was handcuffed . Schlosser said Monday that the incident was under review . The Progressive Change Campaign Committee 's website indicated that more than 15,000 people had signed an online petition criticizing the incident and calling on the Park Service to "  stop buckling to political pressure and to respect free speech on federal land . " White House spokesman Jay Carney mentioned the general situation unfolding at the two parks , both blocks from the White House , in his daily press briefing Monday . "  Our position has been and continues to be that we need to balance First Amendment concerns of the right to demonstrate , the right to speak freely , with public safety concerns and public health concerns , " he said . "  And we understand that local law enforcement as well as , in this case , the National Park Service and U.S. Park Police are weighing those considerations when they make these decisions . And that 's appropriate . " Until now , Occupy protesters have been allowed to remain under a Park Service interpretation that considered the activity a "  24-hour vigil . " Two weeks ago , National Park Service Director Jonathan Jarvis said he saw no reason to move against the encampments . "  I think if there 's any place in this country , Washington , D.C. , is the place where we need to be the most tolerant of individuals that are exercising their First Amendment activities , " he said . California Republican Rep. Darrell Issa disagreed , saying Jarvis was "  completely out of line . " "  It is not his job to interpret the Constitution over law , " Issa said . Issa , who last month wrote a letter to U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar citing damage to part of a $ 400,000 renovation of McPherson Square , continued his criticism at a House hearing last week and came away unsatisfied with the Park Service 's answers . Occupy DC is part of a larger activist surge that began last year in New York and quickly spread . While the protesters have highlighted a number of causes , the overarching theme has remained largely the same : populist anger over what activists portray as an out-of-touch corporate , financial and political elite . Occupy protesters in the nation 's capital are n't the only ones who have found themselves at odds with authorities in recent days . Violent clashes , for instance , erupted last weekend in Oakland , California . Protesters trying to take-over a vacant convention center threw rocks , bottles and other objects Saturday afternoon at police , who responded with bean-bag rounds , tear gas and smoke grenades . Afterward , the activists criticized police as being heavy-handed , with police and city officials said the protesters instigated the violence . The Oakland demonstrators later got into a downtown YMCA and , eventually , City Hall . Once there , police said that protesters painted graffiti on walls , took down and burned an American flag and committed other acts of vandalism . Oakland police Chief Howard Jordan later said about 400 demonstrators were arrested . He said three police officers and two protesters were confirmed injured , though the Occupy Oakland forces on Twitter claimed that many more members of their ranks got hurt . City Hall reopened Monday after an extensive clean-up effort . Also on Monday , protesters in Charlotte , North Carolina , were given an afternoon deadline to remove tents from the site of the old city hall , CNN affiliate WCNC reported . Afternoon video from the scene showed police taking down and carrying off several tents , and at least one protester was seen being carried away by authorities . "  We 're doing the right thing , peacefully and quietly , " protester Malachi Vinson told WCNC . "  We 're expressing ourselves in a better way than anyone else would . " CNN 's Ed Payne , Athena Jones , Joe Sutton , Courtney Battle , Paul Courson , Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	NEW : A DC protester goes to court saying the eviction of "  destitute participants " is unfair NEW : Occupy DC says 50-75 protesters are on site , including a "  bunch of new occupiers " NEW : Video shows police making arrests and taking down tents in Charlotte Over the weekend , protesters and police also clashed in Oakland , California
CNN  Following Wednesday 's tragic crash in Taipei , its Civil Aerospace Authority  CAA  has grounded all Taiwanese-registered ATR 72 's for safety checks to assess whether they meet the agency 's standards . The checks affect aircraft in the fleets of TransAsia , the airline at the heart of Wednesday 's fatal incident , and Uni Air , another local carrier . TransAsia operates six ATR 72-500s and four ATR 72-600s including the ATR 72-600 which crashed Wednesday . Uri Air has 12 ATR 72-600s . Fred Wu , President of TransAsia Airways , told journalists that the airline was complying with the temporary halt of the company 's ATR 72 fleet . "  The airline , as requested from the CAA , is specifically checking all ATR aircraft in the fleet . They have not finished checking one until this morning , " he said . "  Once we have one finished , CAA will confirm the results before we start flying that aircraft again . " The CAA has also prohibited TransAsia from applying for new traffic rights for a year , according to Taiwan state news agency CNA . The plane , which reportedly flew three times on Wednesday , appears to have suffered a "  flameout " -- an engine failure -- shortly after takeoff . "  It appears that it could have had a single-engine flameout , it could have had a dual-engine flameout , " former ATR pilot Stephen Frederick told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  Those are things we 're going to learn . " It is the second fatal TransAsia incident involving an ATR 72 in less than a year -- although the plane that crashed in July while attempting to land on Penghu Island , was a ATR 72-500 -- an older model . In its 20-year history , the airline has lost five aircraft , and encountered seven "  significant safety incidents , " Greg Waldon , Asia Managing Editor of Flightglobal , an industry publication , wrote in an analysis piece . Along with Wednesday 's fatal crash , TransAsia planes have been involved in four incidents involving loss of life -- two of which affected only crew , two of which also saw passengers perish . All involved ATR aircraft . The planes , which are constructed by a European consortium , have suffered crashes before . ATR 72 's , as well as the company 's similar , but smaller ATR 42 designation , have previously been involved in a number of incidents . No fewer than 11 incidents resulting in passenger deaths involving ATR turboprops have been recorded around the world , including TransAsia 's recent crashes . During a domestic U.S. flight from Indianapolis to Chicago , an American Eagle ATR 72-200 crashed near Roselawn , Indiana , in 1994 following icing on its wings . All four crew and 64 passengers died . An account , "  Unheeded Warning " by Frederick , a former American Eagle ATR pilot , is credited in having a role in the subsequent Federal Aviation Administration-ordered grounding of all ATR-72 aircraft . The account alleges that the model had "  a history of performance problems in icing conditions . " However , Desmond Ross , former pilot and principal of DRA Professional Aviation Services , a consultancy for airlines and aviation authorities , says that amongst his peers , ATR planes have a good reputation . "  The ATR 72  is actually a very good aircraft -- it 's been around for a while , " he says . "  It 's used extensively in regional services , including by Virgin in Australia . Generally speaking it 's a good aircraft . "  It does n't have reputation as a difficult plane to fly . I know one guy who has flown them in Africa and Australia who thinks it 's a great aircraft . I ca n't speak to them being dangerous . " Indeed , the ATR 's cost-efficiency has made it a popular choice for airlines , particularly those in the low-cost sector , and on less-popular routes which typically ferry fewer passengers . "  The ATR is the workhorse of the Asia Pacific turboprop fleet . It is popular among airlines for its relatively low operational costs , particularly in a high-fuel-cost environment , and the type has a dominant market share , " Flightglobal 's Waldron told CNN . However , he would not speculate whether the latest episode would affect the model 's continued popularity . "  It 's far too early to say exactly what happened to GE235 . The flight will be the subject of a lengthy investigation that will look at factors such as cockpit communications and the aircraft 's performance . "	Taiwanese Civil Aerospace Authority  CAA  has ordered all Taiwanese-registered ATR 72 's grounded until safety checks can be made Wednesday 's fatal accident the second fatal TransAsia incident involving an ATR 72 in less than a year Despite several fatal accidents over its time in service , the "  workhorse " has good reputation among pilots
CNN  -- A volcano near southwest Colombia 's border with Ecuador erupted on Saturday , leading the government to issue a "  red alert " for the region . The Galeras volcano is shown on January 17 , 2008 , from Pasto , Colombia . There were not believed to be any fatalities or injuries in the blast , which happened at about 7:10 p.m. ET  12:10 a.m. Sunday GMT  , said Carlos Lineras of the Colombia Institute for Geology and Mines . The institute issued an evacuation order for about 7,000 people living near the Galeras volcano . The volcano is not in a heavily populated region . Galeras has erupted several times since it became active again in 1989 . The only fatalities were in 1993 , when nine people -- all scientists or tourists in or near the volcano 's crater -- were killed .	No deaths , injuries feared from eruption , authority says 7,000 people ordered to evacuate from nearby Galeras volcano Volcano is in southwest Colombia , near border with Ecuador
Slidell , Louisiana  CNN  -- Authorities dropped a mandatory evacuation order Sunday for neighborhoods threatened by a strained lock on a southeast Louisiana canal , but still recommended people stay away . "  As there is still a potential threat , even though reduced , a voluntary evacuation remains in place until the Army Corps of Engineers deems the lock stable and safe , " the president and sheriff of St. Tammany Parish announced late Sunday morning . "  Please stay vigilant . " The lock authorities feared would fail was on a man-made canal that juts off the Pearl River , near the Mississippi state line . The river has been swollen by rain from last week 's Hurricane Isaac , forcing authorities to relieve pressure on the structure by releasing water Saturday and Sunday . Earlier Sunday , St. Tammany Parish President Pat Brister told CNN the water level at the lock has been reduced "  tremendously " since Saturday night , and "  We feel a lot better . " But the waters were still rising Sunday afternoon . Christina Garcia stopped by a boat ramp around the corner from her home periodically , counting off heel-to-toe steps from the waterline to the top to track the river 's rise . "  When I first started , it was like , 14 , and now I 'm down to probably 10 , " Garcia said . The river "  is starting to come up slowly , but there is some concern . We are trying to take all precautions . " Forecasters predict the Pearl River will crest Monday at 19.5 feet , more than five feet above flood stage . That will result in "  major flooding " of at least two subdivisions near the banks and threaten areas in the southeastern corner of the parish , according to the National Weather Service . U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano visited the parish on Sunday , during a trip that also included stops in Mississippi where she met with that state 's governor and other officials . President Barack Obama will be in Louisiana on Monday for a briefing with local officials and to tour flood-damaged areas in St. John the Baptist parish . What 's left of Isaac , meanwhile , soaked in and around the Ohio River valley on Sunday , bringing stormy weather from Nashville , Tennessee , to Indianapolis . The storm 's remnants have brought much-needed rain to parts of the lower Midwest . But the system skirted most of the Midwestern and Plains states where this year 's drought -- which the National Climatic Data Center reported last month was affecting a majority of the U.S. mainland , the most since 1956 -- has been most devastating . "  Certainly , it helped some locations in our far eastern counties in Oklahoma , but there was very little beneficial rain , " said Pete Snyder , a National Weather Service meteorologist in Tulsa . Nearly all of Oklahoma , Arkansas , Missouri , Iowa , Nebraska and Kansas fall under the worst two drought categories . Isaac dumped heavy rain across southern Arkansas last week , with some flooding reported around Little Rock and Pine Bluff . But the northwestern city of Fayetteville , which is nearly 11 inches below its normal rainfall totals for the year , got just over an inch , Snyder said . Flood warnings remained posted for parts of two northeastern Arkansas counties along the Cache River on Sunday . Parts of Missouri and Illinois saw up to six inches of rain Saturday , and the National Weather Service issued a flood warning Sunday for parts of southern Illinois . Isaac is blamed for at least 19 deaths in Haiti and at least four more in Louisiana and Mississippi after making landfall last week as a Category 1 hurricane -- on the seventh anniversary of Hurricane Katrina -- near the mouth of the Mississippi River . The storm posed the first real test to New Orleans following a $ 14.5 billion federal effort to reconstruct the city 's flood control system after it failed during Katrina in 2005 . Katrina killed nearly 1,800 people , most when the storm overwhelmed the levee system and flooded the city . Though much weaker than Katrina when it came ashore , Isaac moved slowly and dumped enormous amounts of rain on Louisiana and Missouri . In Plaquemines Parish , near the mouth of the Mississippi River , homes and businesses flooded after a parish-maintained back levee failed . Officials were intentionally breaching levees in strategic areas in the parish , in hopes of getting "  the bulk of this water out in five to seven days , " Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser said Saturday . Hundreds of thousands in the region were without power early Sunday , including at least 320,000 Entergy Louisiana customers , officials said Residents began returning home over the weekend in Helena , Mississippi , where National Guard troops rescued hundreds trapped by rising waters brought on by Isaac . Annie Judge returned home Saturday to find more than four feet of water inside her home . "  Clothes , my laptop , a bunch of baby stuff , pictures , " all ruined , she told CNN affiliate WLOX . "  All the furniture is ruined . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Chelsea J. Carter , Matt Smith and David Ariosto contributed to this report .	NEW : Secretary Napolitano visits the Gulf Coast ; President Obama is coming Monday A mandatory evacuation is lifted around a strained Louisiana canal The rain-swollen Pearl River threatens to flood Louisiana homes Hurricane Isaac dumped heavy rains on the area last week
CNN  -- Australian David Saker has been appointed England fast bowling coach , the England and Wales Cricket Board  ECB  announced on Thursday . Saker takes over from Ottis Gibson , who took the job of head coach with the West Indies back in February . The 43-year-old spent six years as assistant coach with Australian state side Victoria , helping them to the Australian state championship twice , and four Twenty20 titles . He was head coach of the Delhi Daredevils in the 2009 Champions League Twenty20 , and an assistant coach during the franchise 's first two Indian Premier League tournaments . Saker played first-class cricket for both Victoria and Tasmania in his ten-year domestic career and is expected to begin his new role before the upcoming ICC World Twenty20 tournament in the Caribbean later in April . He told the ECB 's official Web site : "  I believe I can offer the England bowlers a great deal and oversee their development at the highest level . I 'm looking forward to working with the impressive crop of bowlers currently in and around the England team . " England team director Andy Flower said : "  His -LSB- Saker 's -RSB- record with Victoria in recent times is second to none and he has managed the development of a number of top-class fast bowlers . "  We were sorry to see Ottis Gibson leave the position but we believe we 've found an excellent successor and look forward to David joining us in the lead up to what will be an exciting and challenging year ahead . "	Australian David Saker appointed England fast bowling coach Saker replaces Ottis Gibson who is now West Indies head coach The 43-year-old had a ten-year domestic playing career in Australia
CNN  -- A vehicle belonging to Italian diplomats appeared to be the target of a homemade bomb in the capital of Tripoli , the Libyan state news agency LANA reported Tuesday . The minivan was damaged and had some of its windows blown out by a blast , but no one was injured , the news agency said . It reported two embassy employees were initially in the car but had gotten out before the explosion . The Facebook page of the government 's Supreme Security Committee in Tripoli said officials suspected the Toyota Previa had been rigged with an bomb and cordoned off the area . The explosive went off before the bomb squad arrived . LANA said officials suspected a small homemade bomb of blasting gelatin was used in the attack . The explosion occurred near a police station in the Zawiyat al-Dahmani district . The Italian embassy is in the same district . Italians in Libya were targeted earlier this year as well . In January , gunmen targeted the car of the Italian consul general in Benghazi . Consul General Guido de Sanctis was in an armored car pulling out of the garage when the gunmen pulled up alongside the vehicle and opened fire , he told CNN . Benghazi was also the site of a September 11 assault on the U.S. consulate that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens .	Libya 's official news agency said no one was injured by the explosion It appears a small home made bomb was used , LANA says Government says vehicle was cordoned off after officials became suspicious
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The Beverly Hills plastic surgeon who remade Heidi Montag died when his Jeep plunged off a Malibu highway into the ocean Monday , a California Highway Patrol spokesman said . Dr. Frank Ryan , 50 , had just finished hiking with his border collie on a giant sand dune along the Pacific Coast Highway when the crash happened , according to his own Twitter message posted minutes earlier . "  The Jeep veered to the right and ran off the roadway , " Officer Steven Reid said . "  The Jeep overturned down a rocky embankment towards the ocean and eventually came to rest on its roof . " The dog was seriously injured , Reid said . It was taken to a veterinary hospital for treatment . "  He was the most amazing person I have ever known , " reality TV star Montag said in tweets posted Tuesday morning . "  He was an angel and changed my life and the lives of everyone he met . " Ryan defended the 10 cosmetic surgery procedures he performed on Montag as a "  very well-thought out , calculated career move . " "  Celebrities in the public eye need to look good , " Ryan told HLN 's "  Showbiz Tonight . " "  That 's all there is to it . " The list of procedures Ryan did on Montag , a star of MTV 's "  The Hills , " included breast implants , a nose job , Botox in her forehead , a brow lift , fat injections in her cheeks , a chin reduction and liposuction . "  No one needs elective cosmetic surgery ; that is something that they desire , " Ryan said . "  That is what Heidi desired . "	Highway patrol says surgeon died when his Jeep plunged down embankment He performed a number of procedures on reality TV actress Montag Ryan defended Montag 's 10 procedures as a "  calculated career move "
CNN  A suicide bomb attack in Iraq this week was carried out by an American jihadist , ISIS claims . The terrorist group released a photograph on Tuesday of a masked fighter it identified as Abu Daood Al-Amriki , an alleged American jihadist who committed the suicide attack . The claim grabbed headlines , but days later , neither CNN nor U.S. government officials have been able to confirm the identity of the attacker . ISIS claims the attacker used an explosives-laden vehicle to mount an attack in Samarra , Iraq . Two senior Iraqi security officials confirmed that an attack matching the description did take place -- that a suicide attacker rammed a vehicle packed with explosives into a convoy of Iraqi forces . At least three Iraqi security forces were killed in the attack , the sources said . But ISIS has not released the birth name of the alleged American suicide bomber , or shown his face . U.S. officials tell CNN that for the moment there is nothing to corroborate the claim .	ISIS claims a suicide attack in Iraq was carried out by an American The claim has not been confirmed
CNN  Spain is officially clear of Ebola , the World Health Organization declared Tuesday , after no new cases were reported since a nurse 's assistant who contracted the virus there tested negative for it . Since then , 42 days have passed -- double the maximum known incubation period for the virus -- without another case , allowing Spain to be declared free of Ebola . Spanish authorities had been monitoring 87 people who came into contact with healthcare worker Teresa Romero Ramos , 15 of whom were considered high-risk and were quarantined at a Madrid hospital , WHO said . Another 145 hospital employees who helped care for Romero during her month-long stay at the Carlos III Hospital were also monitored . The WHO statement said it "  commends Spain for the measures put in place to identify potential cases and prevent further transmission of the Ebola virus . " Romero contracted the illness while helping to care for an infected missionary who had been brought back from West Africa . He died of the disease . CNN 's Anna Maja Rappard contributed to this report .	Spain is declared Ebola-free by the World Health Organization There have been no new cases since a nurse 's aide recovered from Ebola in October Spanish authorities had been monitoring scores of people who had contact with her
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday allowed a controversial state DNA testing law to remain in effect until the justices have time to consider the broader constitutional questions . Maryland 's DNA Collection Act permits police to collect genetic material from those who have been arrested , but not yet convicted . Chief Justice John Roberts issued the three-page in-chambers opinion , putting a state court 's ruling favoring a criminal defendant on hold . "  Collecting DNA from individuals arrested for violent felonies provides a valuable tool for investigating unsolved crimes and thereby helping to remove violent offenders from the general population , " Roberts wrote . "  Crimes for which DNA evidence is implicated tend to be serious , and serious crimes cause serious injuries . That Maryland may not employ a duly enacted statute to help prevent these injuries constitutes irreparable harm . " The chief justice said there is a "  fair prospect " the Supreme Court would ultimately find in favor of the state on the search and seizure questions . After more legal briefs are filed , the high court in coming weeks will decide whether to hear the case and issue a definitive , binding ruling . Oral arguments would likely not be held until early next year . A 1994 federal law created a national database in which local , state , and federal law enforcement agencies can compare and share information on DNA matches from convicted felons , but courts have been at odds on just when such samples can be collected and the information distributed . The current case involves a Maryland man convicted of a 2003 rape in Wicomico County in the state 's eastern shore region . Alonzo King Jr. had been arrested three years ago on an unrelated assault charge , and a biological sample was automatically obtained at that time . King moved to suppress the use of the DNA on Fourth Amendment grounds , but was ultimately convicted of the first-degree rape offense . A divided Maryland Court of Appeals later agreed with King , saying suspects under arrest enjoy a higher level of privacy than a convicted felon , outweighing the state 's law enforcement interests . That court also said obtaining King 's DNA immediately after arrest was not necessary in identifying him , and that the process was more personally invasive than standard fingerprinting . State officials then asked the justices to intervene now , saying the state court ruling "  has resulted in the loss of a valuable crime-fighting tool relied upon by Maryland . " They said that from a law enforcement and forensic perspective , there is no difference between fingerprinting and collecting "  biometric information . " Roberts in his opinion tentatively agreed . "  The  state court  decision below has direct effects beyond Maryland : Because the DNA samples Maryland collects may otherwise be eligible for the FBI 's national DNA database , the decision renders the database less effective for other states and the federal government , " Roberts wrote . The state DNA collection law in Maryland is set to expire at the end of next year , but the justices are likely to decide its constitutionality before then . The case is Maryland v. King  12A48  .	Maryland 's law allows police to collect genetic material from those arrested A lower-court ruling favoring a criminal defendant is put on hold Chief Justice Roberts says there is a "  fair prospect " the high court will uphold the law
CNN  -- According to a TIME/Pew research poll released last week , 40 percent of Americans believe that marriage is becoming obsolete , up from just 28 percent in 1978 . In that same poll , only one in four unmarried Americans say they do not want to get married . And among currently married men and women , 80 percent say their marriage is as close as or closer than their parents ' marriage . These seemingly contradictory responses reflect the public 's recognition of a new and complex reality . On the one hand , marriage as a voluntary relationship based on love and commitment is held in higher regard than ever , with more people saying that love is essential to marriage  Consider that in 1967 , two-thirds of college women said they 'd consider marrying a man they did n't love if he met other criteria , such as offering respectability and financial security . But as an institution that regulates people 's lives , marriage is no longer the social and economic necessity it once was . People can construct successful lives outside marriage in ways that would have been very difficult to manage 50 years ago , and they have a far greater range of choices about whether to marry , when to marry , and how to organize their marriages . This often makes them more cautious in committing to marriage and more picky about their partners than people were in the past . In the 1950s , when half of all American women were already married in their teens , marriage was an almost mandatory first step toward adulthood . It was considered the best way to make a man grow up , and in an economy where steady jobs and rising real wages were widely available , that often worked . For a woman , marriage was deemed the best investment she could make in her future , and in a world where even college-educated women earned less than men with a only a high school education , that often worked for her too . Marriage was also supposed to be the only context in which people could regularly have sex or raise children . Divorced or unmarried men were routinely judged less qualified for bank loans or job promotions , sexually active single women were stigmatized , and out-of-wedlock children had few legal rights . Today , however , there are plenty of other ways to grow up , seek financial independence , and meet one 's needs for companionship and sex . So what might have seemed a "  good enough " reason to enter marriage in the past no longer seems sufficient to many people . Marriage has become another step , perhaps even the final rather than the first step , in the transition to adulthood -- something many people will not even consider until they are very sure they are capable of taking their relationship to a higher plane . Couples increasingly want to be certain , before they marry , that they can pay their bills , that neither party is burdened by debt , that each has a secure job or a set of skills attesting to their employability . Many are also conscious that as rigid gender roles erode , marriage demands more negotiation and relationship skills than in the past . They often want firsthand experience with how their partner will behave in an intimate relationship , which is why the majority of new marriages come after a period of cohabitation , according to census figures . These higher expectations are good news for many marriages . People who can meet the high bar that most Americans now feel is appropriate for the transition to marriage -- people who delay marriage to get an education , who have accumulated a nest egg or established themselves in a secure line of work -- typically have higher quality marriages than other Americans , research shows , and their divorce rates have been falling for the past 25 years . But these higher expectations pose difficulties for individuals with fewer interpersonal and material resources . Over the past 30 years , job opportunities and real wages have declined substantially for poorly educated men , making them less attractive marriage partners for women . When such men do find stable employment , they often tend to be more interested in a woman with good earnings prospects than someone they have to rescue from poverty . Today , several studies have shown , economic instability is now more closely associated with marital distress than it used to be . If a low-income woman finds a stable , employed partner , she will likely be better off by marrying . But if the man she marries loses his job or is less committed and responsible than she had hoped , she may end up worse off than before -- having to support a man who ca n't or wo n't pull his own weight . So the widening economic gap between haves and have-nots that America has experienced in recent decades is increasingly reflected in a widening marriage gap as well . Today two-thirds of people with a college degree are married , compared with less than half of those with a high school degree or less . Those who begin married life with the most emotional and material advantages reap the greatest gains in those same areas from marriage . The very people who would benefit most from having a reliable long-term partner are the ones least likely to be able to find such a partner or sustain such a relationship . This is a troubling trend that deserves attention from policy-makers . But the problem does not lie in a lack of family values . The poor value marriage just as highly as anyone else , and they may value children even more . Unfortunately , they are now less and less likely to believe they will be able to live up to the high expectations of modern partnerships , even if they are in love . There is no easy fix for this problem . But the good news is that families still matter to Americans , including those who are not married . According to the Pew poll , 76 percent of Americans say family is the most important , meaningful part of their life . Seventy-five percent say they are "  very satisfied " with their family life . And 85 percent say that the family they live in today , whatever its form , is as close as or closer than the family in which they grew up . We have a lot of challenges ahead of us , but that 's comforting news . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Coontz .	40 percent of adults in study say marriage becoming obsolete , yet most say they want to marry Stephanie Coontz asks , why the disconnect ? She cites changed gender roles , raised expectations for financial stability in marriage Coontz : Widening economic gap in U.S. is reflected in marriage gap
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Chantal barreled into the eastern Caribbean on Tuesday , threatening torrential rains and dangerous waves . As of 8 p.m. ET , Chantal was about 220 miles  360 kilometers  southeast of San Juan , Puerto Rico , the National Hurricane Center said . The storm was headed west-northwest at 26 mph . A projection map shows Chantal brushing Puerto Rico and slamming into the Dominican Republic and Haiti on Wednesday . Track the storm Chantal packed maximum sustained winds of 65 mph  100 kph  on Tuesday night and the winds are expect to near hurricane strength before the storm reaches Hispaniola , the hurricane center said . A tropical storm warning was in effect for Puerto Rico , the coast of the Dominican Republic , the coast of Haiti , Turks and Caicos and the southeastern Bahamas . A hurricane watch was posted for part of the Dominican Republic , from Barahona to Samana . Chantal is expected to dump 3 to 6 inches of rain over Puerto Rico , the U.S. Virgin Islands and portions of the Dominican Republic and Haiti . Some parts could see as much as 8 inches . In addition , a storm surge could raise water levels as much as 2 to 4 feet above normal tide in the southern Dominican Republic . Dangerous waves will accompany the surge , forecasters said .	Tropical Storm Chantal packs 65 mph winds Its projected path includes Puerto Rico , the Dominican Republic and Haiti Chantal is expected to dump 3 to 6 inches of rain on several Caribbean islands Some spots could get as much as 8 inches of rain
CNN  -- In the war against regulations and government restrictions , proponents have argued that it would be better for our economy to let the market rule . If we just get government out of the way , the market would determine business winners and losers and more jobs would be created . It 's an appealing , red-blooded , American-sounding pitch . But what are the practical outcomes of such a policy ? Let me tell you what the outcome would have been for me . I am the American portrait of a small-business success story . Microsoft might have started in a garage , but my business started in a renovated gas station at the corner of St. Paul and College streets in downtown Burlington , Vermont . That 's where Jerry Greenfield and I opened Ben & Jerry 's Homemade Ice Cream Scoop Shop with a $ 12,000 investment , $ 4,000 of it borrowed , on May 5 , 1978 . We were two college kids  well , one of us dropped out  who just wanted to have a small ice cream store in a university town . But the popularity of our product led us in 1980 to dream bigger . We began packing pints and hand-delivering our ice cream to local grocery stores and restaurants . Our reputation grew and in 1983 , independent ice cream distributors started selling our ice cream in Boston . By 1984 , our micro-enterprise small business grew to more than $ 4 million in sales . The big ice cream brands were n't happy . That year , Haagen-Dazs , owned at the time by Pillsbury , had enough of our upstart small business . Did they try to promote their ice cream harder , develop some new flavors or cut prices to competitively beat us ? No . Their game plan was to try to stop our distributors from carrying our ice cream . Pillsbury , a $ 4 billion corporation back then , was a major source of income for these distributors and they were told , in no uncertain terms , not to do business with Ben & Jerry 's . This is what letting the free market reign really means . If you are a big business and do n't want competition from small companies , you just use your economic clout to shut them down . Fortunately , the government does restrict this practice somewhat to protect the little guy . It is called the federal antitrust law . We believed Pillsbury 's actions were illegal under this statute , which says a company that controls a major share of a given market can not use its power and economic strength to keep other businesses out of the market . Ben & Jerry 's filed a lawsuit against Pillsbury , but we also created a "  What 's the Doughboy Afraid Of ? " customer campaign because we knew that in a strictly legal fight , we would run out of time and money long before Pillsbury did . The legal action and the negative publicity for Pillsbury worked . The doughboy agreed to stop trying to block sales of our products . The law was on our side , but we were fortunate to have a unique consumer product with a good customer base to advocate for us . Had Pillsbury taken their anti-competitive actions earlier , Ben & Jerry 's today might be just a local Vermont treat or , more than likely , not be around at all . Regulations and government restrictions , like the federal antitrust law , help create a level playing field for entrepreneurs and small businesses wanting to grow . They establish the rules of business that allow real competition to work for the consumer and give small businesses a fighting chance . Without regulations and government restrictions , the biggest company wins . It 's that simple . Anyone with a dream of starting a business to become the next Ben & Jerry 's wo n't have that chance . That is not the American way . We understand the concept of fairness and that might does n't make right . That is why the current anti-regulation efforts in Congress are so dangerous . Letting the market determine the rules of the business world means there will be only one rule : The biggest guy with the deepest pockets wins . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Cohen .	Ben Cohen : Politicians ' mantra is get government out of business , let market forces rule Ben & Jerry 's ice cream would never have survived in that environment , he says Cohen : When his business was small , Pillsbury tried to block sales of Ben & Jerry 's Cohen : Only biggest businesses survive in an unregulated , cutthroat environment
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House must release its visitor logs and can not hide behind a shield of privilege , a federal judge ruled Monday . The Bush administration has resisted public disclosure while it fights a lawsuit over alleged political influence by conservative Christian leaders . The Bush administration has been fighting the release of White House visitor logs . U.S. District Court Judge Royce Lamberth concluded the information is part of the public record and is subject to disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act as "  agency records . " "  Because the Secret Service creates , uses and relies on , and stores visitor records , they are under its control , " said Lamberth . He ordered the Secret Service to produce records within 20 days . The White House claimed exclusive control of the documents , subject to the complete discretion of the president over their release . Secret Service records have been an important tool for advocacy groups and members of Congress seeking information on the inner workings of the executive branch . Congressional investigators used the records a decade ago in their investigations of the various Whitewater scandals involving President Clinton and his associates , as well as allegations of influence peddling by the Clinton campaign in the 1996 elections . Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a self-described government watchdog group , sought the visit records of prominent conservatives James Dobson of Focus on the Family , Wendy Wright of Concerned Women of America and seven others including the late televangelist Jerry Falwell . "  CREW is pleased that the judge saw through the White House 's transparent attempts to hide public documents from the American people , " said Melanie Sloan , the group 's executive director . "  We look forward to sharing the documents we obtain through this lawsuit . " The White House and Justice Department had no immediate reaction to the ruling . Separate legal action by CREW and other groups , including Judicial Watch and the Washington Post , sought White House visitor logs that listed lobbyist Jack Abramoff . He pleaded guilty last year to public corruption charges . The White House and the Secret Service in 2006 signed an agreement that visitors to the White House complex were not subject to public disclosure . That "  memorandum of understanding " was disclosed during legal action over the Abramoff records . Lamberth called that a "  self-serving " agreement because it was issued after the records were created and after the CREW lawsuit . The judge , in a separate ruling Monday , said he lacked the authority to order the Secret Service to stop destroying its visitor records once copies were turned over to White House officials . But Lamberth noted the National Archives had to approve any destruction of the logs . Another federal judge in Washington ordered the release of Secret Service logs of visitors to Vice President Dick Cheney 's office . Cheney claimed those logs were subject to executive privilege . That ruling is being appealed . Lamberth noted the Secret Service has an important "  protective mission " when compiling electronic information -- including background checks -- of those seeking to enter the White House complex . But he said the agency 's claim of "  limited use " of the data does not mean the records are not subject to judicial review . "  This does not mean the Secret Service does not read or rely on them , " wrote Lamberth . "  If that were the case , any convenience store patron who has ever bought a losing scratch ticket could claim they did not gamble simply because they held the ticket for only a few minutes . " The issue of White House privilege over visitor logs has not been fully addressed by the Supreme Court . The case decided Monday is Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security . E-mail to a friend	Judge : Secret Service-controlled log is public under Freedom of Information Act White House battling suit alleging influence of conservative Christian leaders Separate legal action finds convicted lobbyist visited White House Records have been a key investigative tool for advocacy groups and Congress
CNN  -- U.S. health officials expressed concern Friday that a swine flu virus that has infected eight people in the United States matches samples of a virus that has killed at least 68 people in Mexico . Swine flu is usually diagnosed only in pigs or people in regular contact with them . U.S. health experts also are concerned because more than 1,000 people have fallen ill in Mexico City in a short period of time . "  This situation has been developing quickly , " said acting CDC director Richard Besser . "  This is something we are worried about . " New York health officials announced Friday they are testing about 75 students at a Queens school for swine flu after the students exhibited flu-like symptoms this week . A team of state health department doctors and staff went to the St. Francis Preparatory School in Queens on Thursday after the students reported cough , fever , sore throat , aches and pains . There have been no confirmed cases of swine flu there . The tests results are expected as early as Saturday . Of the 14 Mexican samples tested by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , seven were identical to the swine flu virus found in Texas and Southern California , Besser said at a news conference . An eighth U.S. case was reported Friday . All of the eight U.S. patients have recovered , Besser said . Watch for more on the U.S. cases " As a precaution to avoid further contamination , schools and universities in Mexico City and the state of Mexico were closed Friday , said the national health secretary , Jose Angel Cordova Villalobos . He said the schools may remain closed for a while . Sixty-eight people have died in Mexico City , Cordova said at a news conference . More than 1,000 other people have gotten sick , he said . Mexican President Felipe Calderon canceled a trip Friday to northern Mexico so he could remain in Mexico City to monitor the situation , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Calderon met with his Cabinet on Thursday night to discuss the outbreak . Six of the U.S. cases were found in California , and two in Texas , near San Antonio , CDC officials said . The Public Health Agency of Canada issued a respiratory alert for Mexico on Wednesday , recommending that health providers "  actively look for cases " in Canada , particularly in people who 've returned from Mexico within the last two weeks . An alert issued Friday by the International SOS medical and consulting company said more than 130 cases of a severe respiratory illness have been detected in south and central Mexico , some of which are due to influenza . "  Public health officials in Mexico began actively looking for cases of respiratory illness upon noticing that the seasonal peak of influenza extended into April , when cases usually decline in number , " the medical alert said . "  They found two outbreaks of illness -- one centered around Distrito Federal  Mexico City  , involving about 120 cases with 13 deaths . The other is in San Luis Potosi , with 14 cases and four deaths . " Authorities also detected one death in Oaxaca , in the south , and two in Baja California Norte , near San Diego , California . There was no indication why the International SOS tallies did not match the Mexican health secretary 's figures . The majority of cases are occurring in adults between 25 and 44 years of age . The CDC first reported Tuesday that two California children in the San Diego area were infected with a virus called swine influenza A H1N1 , whose combination of genes had not been seen before in flu viruses in humans or pigs . The first two cases were picked up through an influenza monitoring program , with stations in San Diego and El Paso , Texas . The program monitors strains and tries to detect new ones before they spread , the CDC said . Other cases emerged through routine and expanded surveillance . The human influenza vaccine 's ability to protect against the new swine flu strain is unknown , and studies are ongoing , Schuchat said . There is no danger of contracting the virus from eating pork products , she said . The new virus has genes from North American swine and avian influenza , human influenza , and swine influenza normally found in Asia and Europe , said Nancy Cox , chief of the CDC 's Influenza Division . The new strain of swine flu has resisted some antiviral drugs . The CDC is working with health officials in California and Texas and expects to find more cases , Schuchat said . A pandemic is defined as : a new virus to which everybody is susceptible ; the ability to readily spread from person to person ; and the capability of causing significant disease in humans , said Dr. Jay Steinberg , an infectious disease specialist at Emory University Hospital Midtown in Atlanta . The new strain of swine flu meets only one of the criteria : novelty . History indicates that flu pandemics tend to occur once every 20 years or so , so we 're due for one , Steinberg said . "  I can say with 100 percent confidence that a pandemic of a new flu strain will spread in humans , " he said . "  What I ca n't say is when it will occur . " CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	NEW : Swine flu found in U.S. is same that killed at least 68 in Mexico NEW : The latest U.S. case of swine flu occurred in California , the CDC says Eight cases of the strain of swine flu have been confirmed in humans in the U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- Additional U.S. military advisers are now on the ground in northern Iraq with the Obama administration considering a possible air evacuation of thousands of minority Yazidis under threat from Islamic State militants and trapped on Mount Sinjar . President Barack Obama ordered nearly 130 advisers to Irbil to assess the situation , and it 's now likely that a small number of them will travel to the mountain area to get a first-hand look at what might be possible . The new group comprised of Marines and special forces adds to the hundreds of other American advisers already in the country advising Iraqi troops in their fight against Sunni militants from the Islamic State , an al Qaeda off-shoot formally known as ISIS . The group has waged a brutal campaign while seizing large areas of territory this year in Iraq . It 's aiming to establish a caliphate . Hundreds of thousands of Iraq 's ethnic and religious minorities have fled ISIS fighters . Nowhere is the crisis more evident than the Sinjar Mountains , where an estimated 40,000 minority Yazidis are hiding . The plight of the Yazidis , coupled with the ISIS assault against Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdish region , prompted the United States to begin targeted airstrikes over the past several days . The aim , according to Obama , is to help protect U.S. personnel in the area and to destroy ISIS positions around the mountains to ease the threat to minority groups . Air evacuation option Obama has also authorized humanitarian airdrops to help the Yazidis , and is now weighing an air evacuation , a U.S. official told CNN on Wednesday . Focusing on a possible air option -- rather than a ground one -- is due to initial indications that going by land would take too long would up the risk to the Yazidis , according to the official who was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter and asked not to be named . In addition , many of the stranded Yazidis are in poor medical condition to make a lengthy journey , the official said . However , American officials did say that a ground option is still under consideration as well . If an air operation is proposed and approved by Obama , it would require putting U.S. ground troops both on the mountain and at a nearby airfield , the official said . The operation will be characterized as a short-term humanitarian mission , not a combat one . But U.S. troops would have the right to defend themselves against any ISIS attacks . As part of an air evacuation , American forces would establish a security corridor around the area to try to provide airspace for helicopters and other aircraft to pick up people . The newly arrived advisers would form the beginning of a joint task force to carry out such an operation , the official said . They would work to develop procedures for rescuing and then processing people taken off the mountain . But there are still several unresolved questions -- such as , where will the Yazidis be flown to ? Asked about a potential evacuation operation on CNN 's "  New Day , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said he did n't "  want to get too far out in front " of any potential scenarios . "  We should n't be jumping to a conclusion right now that there is or wo n't be a rescue operation in particular , " he said .	Washington is looking at options for evacuating Yazidi refugees One focus is an air operation , but a ground one is also being discussed Air operation would require some U.S. troops on the ground , official says Additional U.S. military advisers arrive in northern Iraq to assess the situation there
On Sunday , as he has for more than 20 years , Rabbi Levi Shemtov presided over the annual lighting of the National Menorah . The event dates back to 1979 , but it was President Ronald Reagan who officially designated the candelabrum , placed in the Ellipse just south of the White House , the National Menorah . Reflecting on his most memorable moment attending the menorah lighting through the years , Shemtov , executive vice president of the American Friends of Lubavitch , said , "  I was up there  on the stage  on a windy day and my hat blew off , and everyone cheered , " even though it was at his expense , he reminisced . The moment , he said , lives on the Internet . Just adjacent to the White House Christmas tree , the 30-foot menorah stands high enough to be seen from afar , and its height is regulated under Jewish law . "  It 's got to be visible , so it has to be at least two and half feet off the ground minimum , and not higher than 30 feet , because the rabbinical authorities deem that to be the height at which a person has to crane their neck to see it , " Shemtov said . The Chabad group of Orthodox Jews who organize the event say that for the thousands of people who watch the broadcast of the illumination of the menorah , it is a signal that the eight-day religious holiday has begun . Jeffrey Zients , deputy director of the Office of Management and Budget , was among the guests of honor to help light the first candle . The United States Navy Band also performed .	Lighting of the National Menorah was Sunday in Washington Rabbi Levi Shemtov has particpated in the event for more than 20 years The National Menorah sits in the Ellipse just south of the White House
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least three people were killed and 30 injured in an explosion near the governor 's compound in the city of Lashkar Gah in southern Afghanistan Thursday , authorities said . A suicide bomber driving a car apparently targeted a foreign armored convoy outside the town 's education department , said Daoud Ahmadi , a spokesman for the governor , who added that three women were among the injured . A spokeswoman for the British Foreign Office said three British nationals who were near the governor 's compound were injured when the blast went off . Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who 's currently in Europe , condemned the attack , a presidential spokesman said .	Three British nationals were wounded in the attack , an official says A suicide bomber in a car caused the blast , a governor 's spokesman says President Karzai condemns the attack
EW.com  -- Chances are , you were n't at the movies this weekend . Not a single film at the box office reached $ 10 million . Call it the curse of "  The Oogieloves . " The Top 12 films grossed a depressingly low $ 51.9 million -- the worst Top 12 total since Sept. 5-7 , 2008 , when Nicolas Cage flop Bangkok Dangerous led the chart with $ 7.7 million and the Top 12 films earned $ 50.3 million . Even more distressingly , this weekend marked the lowest cumulative ticket sales in over a decade . The last frame to notch worse overall ticket sales was Sept. 21-23 , 2001 -- two weekends after the 9/11 attacks -- when only one new wide release entered theaters : Mariah Carey 's infamous bomb Glitter .  Keep in mind , as final weekend results come in on Monday , things could change . Stay tuned . Ahead of the Curve : Weekly pop culture calendar Lionsgate 's $ 14 million horror entry The Possession once again topped the chart with $ 9.5 million . The film , which earned a "  B " CinemaScore grade last week , enjoyed a better than expected hold  it dropped 46 percent  -- especially since its debut results were inflated by it bowing on a holiday weekend . After ten days , The Possession has earned $ 33.3 million , and by the end of its run , it may possess close to $ 50 million total . If you 're not a fan of demonic tales like The Possession , prepare yourself to keep seeing them for a long while at the box office . The "  Based on a True Story " conceit , which was effectively used in marketing for The Possession  and similar titles like The Devil Inside  , still has n't worn out its welcome with American audiences , and horror tales are so cheap to make that they do n't need gargantuan grosses to provide solid financial returns for their studios . In second place , The Weinstein Company 's moonshine-drenched crime drama Lawless dropped 40 percent and took in an additional $ 6 million in its second weekend . The period piece , which stars Shia LaBeouf , Tom Hardy , and Jessica Chastain , has garnered $ 23.5 million after 12 days . Weinstein has yet to confirm a budget for the film . CBS Films ' The Words , the generically titled writing drama that 's garnered attention for being the meeting place of the are-they-or-aren ` t-they ? couple Bradley Cooper and Zoe Saldana , started its run in third place with just $ 5 million from 2,801 theaters . Even by CBS Films standards , that is very low . The fledgling studio , which began releasing films in 2010 , only has one real hit to its name : The Woman in Black , which grossed $ 54.3 million earlier this year . Every other one of their releases -- their repertoire includes titles like Extraordinary Measures  $ 12.1 million total  , Beastly  $ 27.9 million  , and The Back-Up Plan  $ 37.5 million  -- has been a relative misfire . But The Words ' $ 5 million bow is the lowest ever for a wide release from the studio , as is its cold $ 1,767 per theater average . Fortunately , the film was n't expensive . The drama was shot for $ 6 million , and after a run at Sundance , CBS Films picked it up for $ 2 million . Audiences , which were 58 percent female and 78 percent above the age of 25 , issued the title a "  B " CinemaScore grade . Fall TV premiere dates . What airs when ? For People magazine 's Sexiest Man Alive Bradley Cooper , who has found huge success in The Hangover films as well as last year 's thriller Limitless , The Words marks his second straight box office stinker following last month 's critically panned comedy Hit and Run , which opened to just $ 4.7 million . Unfortunately for Cooper , one of his new movies that premiered at Toronto , The Place Beyond the Pines , was n't exactly well received by EW 's Lisa Schwarzbaum .  On the other hand , his other film at the festival , director David O. Russell 's Silver Linings Playbook , appears to be winning some considerable early praise . Two holdovers rounded out the Top 5 . In fourth , Lionsgate 's The Expendables 2 dipped 47 percent to $ 4.7 million , giving the action flick $ 75.4 million after four weekends . In fifth , Universal 's The Bourne Legacy dropped 44 percent to $ 4 million , lifting the film 's total past the $ 100 million mark to $ 103.7 million . At this point , it 's clear that the $ 125 million sequel/reboot wo n't be able to match the total of the original Bourne Identity , which found $ 121 million in 2002 . 1 . The Possession -- $ 9.5 million 2 . Lawless -- $ 6.0 million 3 . The Words -- $ 5.0 million 4 . The Expendables 2 -- $ 4.7 million 5 . The Bourne Legacy -- $ 4.0 million Elsewhere on the chart Summit 's new wide release The Cold Light of Day opened in 13th place with a truly dismal $ 1.8 million from 1,511 theaters . The $ 25 million film , which Summit co-financed with Intrepid Pictures , has been on the shelf for a while , but the studio had to dump it somewhere -- and they chose a weekend when its failure would not likely draw much attention . Audiences issued the thriller a "  D + " CinemaScore grade . Here 's hoping the film 's star , Henry Cavill , fares better as Superman in 2013 ′ s Man of Steel . The Cold Light of Day finished just a bit ahead of Paramount 's one-week-only re-release Indiana Jones and The Raiders of the Lost Ark : The IMAX Experience , which whipped up $ 1.7 million from 267 IMAX theaters -- good for a $ 6,461 location average . In limited release , Weinstein 's much buzzed-about comedy Bachelorette , which stars Kirsten Dunst , Lizzy Caplan , and Isla Fisher as naughty party girls , fizzled with only $ 191,000 from 47 theaters -- enough for a per theater average of $ 4,064 . That figure does n't merit major expansions in the weeks to come . Bachelorette 's under-performance is somewhat surprising given its strong VOD performance in August . And finally , in milestone news , after a $ 3.3 million weekend , conservative documentary 2016 : Obama 's America became the second highest grossing political documentary of all time . The film , which has taken in $ 26.1 million so far , still trails Fahrenheit 9/11  $ 119.2 million  by a huge margin , but it passed both An Inconvenient Truth  $ 24.1 million  and Sicko  $ 24.5 million  this weekend . Its total is remarkable for a documentary . Next week , Sony will put Resident Evil : Retribution into about 2,850 theaters , while Disney will re-release Finding Nemo  in 3-D  into 2,950 locations . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	This weekend was not a great one for movies at the box office Horror film "  The Possession " came in first place New wide release "  The Cold Light of Day " opened in 13th place
CNN  -- Two white Atlanta police officers who pulled over and questioned entertainment mogul Tyler Perry have been exonerated of racial profiling by an internal investigation , according to documents released Tuesday . Just after noon on February 24 , Perry left his studio in southwest Atlanta alone in a white Porsche Panamera . As the actor and director later explained in a lengthy Facebook post , Perry made an illegal left turn to make sure he was n't being followed . Two Atlanta police officers in a patrol car pulled Perry over and questioned him for about six minutes before letting him go without issuing a ticket . Perry described the incident as "  hostile " and that he felt unsafe . One of the officers continued to "  badger him " during questioning , the entertainer said . After a four-month investigation , an internal affairs officer reported , "  I would submit the evidence shows the actions of both officers with the regard to the traffic stop of Mr. Perry were justified , lawful and proper . " A representative for Perry said he was unavailable . "  Tyler Perry is out of the country and unable to comment at this time , " said spokeswoman Keleigh Thomas . Perry : ` We are still being racially profiled ' The report said the officers were working for the auto theft task force and one thought Perry 's $ 110,000 sports car was similar to one on a list of stolen cars . The officer said that as he turned around Perry made the illegal turn . One officer , a six-year Atlanta police veteran , told investigators that he did n't stop Perry because he was black . "  His vehicle had dark , tinted windows , " he said , according to the report . His partner , on the force for eight years , testified that he "  did n't look at the driver " before the traffic stop . Perry , whose name appears on his license as Emmitt Perry Jr. , said on his Facebook post that he explained to the officers that he was trying to make sure he was n't being followed . One of the officers told investigators he was concerned about Perry 's mental state because of his "  actions and body languages . " A black officer who arrived in a second patrol car recognized Perry and asked one of the other officers whether he knew how famous Perry is . Fire at Tyler Perry 's studios limited to backlot facade The car likely was n't stolen because "  the guy was a billionaire , " the officer told his colleagues , explaining that Perry made movies . On the recording of the radio traffic that night , one of the two white officers is heard to say , "  I really did n't know who that dude was . " The black officer asked Perry what model year his Porsche was and figured out it was newer than the car police had listed as stolen . The officers said they never intended to issue a traffic ticket but wanted to check the car 's identification number . The white officers were admonished for not calling in the traffic stop to a dispatcher . The investigator also said it was debatable as to whether one of the officers should have reached into Perry " s vehicle in an attempt to turn off the engine . The report said that there was no dashboard camera in either patrol car . Police did n't interview Perry personally , but used his Facebook statement as evidence , investigators said . Trailor Park : See Tyler Perry in ` Alex Cross ' CNN 's J.D. Cargill contributed to this report .	Entertainer Tyler Perry was stopped in February after making an illegal turn He wrote on Facebook that the encounter with two white officers was "  hostile " Atlanta police investigated , said the officers were justified Rep for Perry said he was out of the country , could not be reached for comment
CNN  -- A Swedish citizen of Rwandan origin was sentenced to life in prison Thursday by a court in Stockholm after he was tried and convicted for his role in the country 's genocide nearly 20 years ago . He is 54-year-old Stanislas Mbanenande , an ethnic Hutu . At least 800,000 people in Rwanda were killed in the 1994 genocide , one of the worst mass slaughters in the post-World War II era . Genocide survivor has faith in future of Rwanda This is the first time that Sweden has tried a case for genocide , and also the first time anyone has been convicted of genocide in a Swedish court . The victims were mostly from the Tutsi ethnic minority , who were targeted by Hutus over a rivalry that dates to colonial days . Some moderates from the Hutu majority who supported Tutsis also were killed . Along with a charge of genocide , Mbanenande was convicted in the Stockholm District Court of gross violations of international law , including murder , attempted murder , inciting murder and kidnapping . The case involves several massacres in western Rwanda 's Kibuye prefecture , where Mbanenande was born and raised . Mbanenande was accused of having an informal leadership role and using an automatic weapon to shoot at groups of people . He took part in massacres at public buildings such as a church , a school and a sports stadium where people sought shelter . He also is accused of taking part in the hunt for Tutsis in the Ruhiro and Bisesero mountains where people had fled to seek safety . Mbanenande left Kibuye in 1994 when Tutsi-dominated invasion troops were nearing . He then lived in Congo until 1996 , and then he moved to the Kenyan capital of Nairobi . In 1999 his family moved to Sweden . Mbanenande eventually joined them and became a Swedish citizen in 2008 .	The man is tied to several massacres in western Rwanda At least 800,000 people were killed in the 1994 genocide The convicted man is a Swedish citizen of Hutu origin
CNN  -- Thursday 's draw for the last 16 of the European Champions League threw up a series of mouthwatering ties between a number of the continent 's top teams -- including a clash between past winners Real Madrid and Manchester United . The pairing , which means Cristiano Ronaldo will return to Old Trafford for the first time since leaving United for the Spanish side in 2009 , headlined a triol of standout ties after the draw was made at headquarters of European football 's governing body UEFA in the Swiss city Nyon . "  Oh yes , Madrid !! What a great couple a games that 'll be !! @Cristiano see u soon bro !! , " tweeted United 's former England captain Rio Ferdinand . Another Spanish club , four-time champions Barcelona , have been pitched into another heavyweight battle as they take on Italy 's AC Milan , whose seven European crowns are second only to the nine boasted by Real . "  We will play against Milan ! It will be a great qualifying round ! " tweeted Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas . The draw came on the same day that Barca coach Tito Vilanova was due to have surgery to remove a cancerous tumor . Elsewhere , beaten 2012 finalists Bayern Munich will take on United 's English Premier League rivals Arsenal -- whose striker Lukas Podolski will return to the German club where he struggled to make an impact between 2006 and 2009 . "  I think we enter this match as the slight favorites , but we can be making the mistake of underestimating them , " Bayern chairman Karl Heinz Rummenigge told UEFA 's official website . "  Arsenal have struggled at times in the league over the last few months , which a look upon the standings in the Premier League will tell you . But by no means will this be an easy game for us . " Blog : Will Guardiola return to Barca ? Many experts , including former Manchester United goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel , are tipping Borussia Dortmund for glory this season and the Germans must beat Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk if they are to repeat their 1997 success . Scottish side Celtic , in the last 16 of the competition for only the third time , have been rewarded with a draw against Italian champions Juventus -- whose last European crown came back in 1996 . In the three remaining ties , Galatasaray of Turkey take on the third German team into the knockout stage , Schalke , while 2004 champions Porto have been drawn against Champions League debutants Malaga and Spanish side Valencia will play big-spending French club Paris Saint-Germain The first legs will be played between February 12-13 and 19-20 , with the return legs taking place between March 5-6 and 12-13 . Of the teams who dropped down to the Europa League after failing to progress from the group stage , European champions Chelsea will play Czech side Sparta Prague in the last 32 of the second-tier competition . Romania 's Cluj take on 2010 Champions League winners Inter Milan , Russia 's Zenit Saint-Petersburg will play Liverpool and Portugal 's Benfica will face Germany 's Bayer Leverkusen . BATE Borisov of Belarus came out of the hat with Turkey 's Fenerbahce , Greek side Olympiakos got Spain 's Levante and Ukraine 's Dynamo Kiev will play French team Bordeaux . Dutch side Ajax face fellow former European champions Steaua Bucarest of Romania . In other key ties , Spain 's defending champions Atletico Madrid will play Russia 's Rubin Kazan , English side Tottenham take on French team Lyon , while Italy 's Lazio and Napoli are up against Germany 's Borussia Monchengladbach and Czech club Plzen respectively . These matches will be played on February 14 and 21 , while the last-16 ties are on March 7 and 14 .	Real Madrid to play Manchester United in the last 16 of the European Champions League The tie will be the first time Cristiano Ronaldo has returned to United since leaving in 2009 Barcelona drawn with AC Milan in another clash of past European champions Celtic face Juventus while Bayern Munich play Arsenal
CNN  -- Valentino Rossi celebrated his 250th MotoGP with a memorable victory at the Australian Grand Prix Sunday -- taking full advantage after 2014 champion Marc Marquez crashed out . Yamaha 's Rossi took control at Phillip Island when Marquez went off on his Honda at the Lukey Heights turn at Phillip Island with 10 laps remaining . Spain 's Marquez , who wrapped up a second straight title in Japan last weekend , was looking set for his 12th win of the season . But after his error and with a substantial four second lead , he still needs one more to equal Australian Mick Doohan 's all-time record from the 1997 season . "  As I had no pressure on me I tried a different approach , pushing hard from the start to try to open the largest gap possible , " Marquez later admitted . "  We were having a good race , right up until the crash . It was a pity that I went down at a time that I was not riding on the limit or faster than the lap before . " The 35-year-old Rossi has virtually ever other MotoGP record in his possession and victory was his 82nd at motorcycling 's highest level and second of the season . "  When I saw Marc crash it was a surprise , and to finish first at Phillip Island after my last victory here in 2005 is a great achievement , " Rossi told the official MotoGP website . "  I love this track and I 've won the two most important world championships of my career in 2001 and 2004 . "  I won again here in 2005 but I have done a lot of podiums since then and never won . " His teammate Jorge Lorenzo of Spain took second place -- over 10 seconds adrift -- with promising young British rider Bradley Smith in third , his first podium in MotoGP . Smith 's compatriot Cal Crutchlow looked set for his best finish of the season for Ducati , but he crashed out when lying second on the final lap . Crutchlow 's teammate Andrea Dovizioso finished fourth . It meant a first all-Yamaha podium for the first time since the Le Mans race of 2008 . Marquez 's Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa was one of nine riders who either crashed out or failed to finish an incident-packed race and the Spaniard 's chances of finishing second in the overall standings have diminished . Rossi 's victory has given him an eight-point lead over Lorenzo in the battle for second place with two races remaining in Sepang and Valencia . Pedrosa trails by a further 18 points .	Valentino Rossi wins Australian MotoGP at Phillip Island Second win of season for legendary Italian Champion Marc Marquez goes off while leading Rossi was securing his 82nd win at motorcycling 's highest level
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- A patchwork of blood-red welts and purple bruises cover Ramy Essam 's back , from his neck down to his thighs . His scars are evidence , he said , that violent groups linked to ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 's regime are trying to subvert the revolution . "  There are still some people from the corrupt old regime trying to crush the revolution , " Essam said , lying face down on his bed , where he has spent days waiting for his wounds to heal . "  With God 's will , the revolution will continue . " The 23-year-old student and musician said thugs attacked him and hundreds of others at a peaceful sit-in at Tahrir Square on March 9 . Egyptian soldiers were on guard but they did n't come to his rescue . Instead , Essam said , they detained him and scores of others and hauled him to the nearby Egyptian museum where uniformed soldiers tortured him for four hours and cut off his shoulder-length hair . "  It was pain I never imagined I would feel in my life , " Essam said . "  They took off my clothes . They used sticks , metal rods , wires , whips . " He received electric shocks , he said . "  There was a soldier who would jump in the air and land on my face with his legs . " Essam is convinced he and others were marked men and women at Tahrir Square that day . For weeks , Essam had sung and played his guitar for large crowds celebrating the end of the Mubarak regime . Moments before he was detained , several men pointed him out to soldiers , he said . Essam was released , but human rights groups have said more than 100 innocent activists -- - all detained on March 9 -- are still in custody awaiting military trials without access to lawyers . Their stories are almost identical to those of protesters who claim they did nothing wrong , but were illegally detained and often beaten by thugs and soldiers . "  It 's disgusting . It 's inhumane , " said Cairo based human rights lawyer Ragia Omran . "  Basically , there were plainclothes thugs or informers who were pointing out to the military the people who come to Tahrir Square , and that 's how people got picked up . " In a joint statement released this week , nine Egyptian human rights groups said , "  The crime is still going on and the perpetrators deserve a harsher punishment . The junta owes the Egyptian people an apology as they are ruling for the moment . " It 's impossible to verify who is behind the violence on March 9 . Many suspect remnants from the Mubarak regime with links to rogue factions within the Egyptian military . The events of that day , and other accounts of violence involving soldiers , are fueling doubts about the Egyptian armed forces , the same institution promising a peaceful changeover to democracy . Presidential candidate Amr Moussa has said shadowy elements have also fueled recent violence between Egyptian Christians and Muslims . The army has denied the allegations of torture and abuse , and it said anyone in custody is either suspected or accused of breaking the law . Despite the torture he claimed he suffered at the hands of soldiers , Essam said he still has faith in the army 's promise of democracy , but his scars are a reminder that the fight for lasting change in Egypt is not over . Journalists Dina Amer and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Ramy Essam says he was one of hundreds attacked at Tahrir Square on March 9 He says he was taken away , beaten with sticks , wires and whips , and shocked "  It was pain I never imagined I would feel in my life , " he said Rights groups say more than 100 still await military trials without access to lawyers
CNN  A Louisiana judge ruled Monday that Robert Durst , the millionaire real estate heir charged with first-degree murder , will be held without bail . That 's no big surprise . In 2001 -- the last time he was accused of murder and released on bail -- Durst fled to Pennsylvania , where authorities caught him after he tried to shoplift a sandwich from a supermarket . As the attorneys sparred in court and witnesses testified Monday , they revealed new details about the investigation that led to Durst 's March 14 arrest , and set the stage for what will surely be a fierce legal battle . After the hearing , Durst 's attorney , Dick DeGuerin , spoke with CNN 's Jean Casarez . Here are some key details from Monday 's hearing and the interview : Durst , who appeared in court wearing an orange prison uniform and shackles , was arrested after federal agents tracked his cell phone , according to information presented in court Monday . Investigators knew he 'd left his Houston condo with five suitcases on March 10 . And , since a warrant allowed them to track his cell phone , they saw when it pinged a tower 85 miles east , in Beaumont , Texas . But suddenly , he had stopped using it . Investigators thought the trail had gone cold . "  They had no indication of his movement , " said Jim O'Hearn , an investigator for the Orleans Parish district attorney 's office . But then , authorities tracked him to New Orleans after he called his voice mail twice from a Marriott there , O'Hearn testified . That 's where FBI agents found and arrested him . Last week , court documents revealed Durst had a loaded .38 - caliber revolver , 5 ounces of marijuana , his passport and birth certificate , a neck-to-head latex mask with salt-and-pepper hair attached and more than $ 40,000 cash , mostly in $ 100 bills . Among his possessions , he also had a UPS tracking number . The package was later intercepted by the FBI , prosecutors said in court Monday . It contained clothing and more than $ 100,000 in cash . It 's a case Durst even has made himself . In "  The Jinx , " the HBO documentary that featured him , Durst said : "  You ca n't give someone charged with murder bail because they 're going to run away , of course . Goodbye , $ 250,000 . Goodbye , jail . I 'm out . " In a seconds-long news conference after the hearing Monday , Durst attorney DeGuerin said he had no hope for bail and the judge 's decision was not surprising . The legal team , however , did obtain "  a lot of information , " he said , and a preliminary hearing was set for April 2 . "  All in all , I think this has been a very good day for us , " he said on the courthouse steps . He walked off without elaborating . DeGuerin cast doubt Monday on the validity of the Los Angeles arrest warrant that led to Durst 's detention , and argued that items found in the hotel room search should n't be admissible because detectives may not have had a search warrant at the time . He also said a detective and prosecutor interrogated Durst for three hours without his attorney present . Since the weapons and drugs charges Durst faces in New Orleans are based on what investigators say they found in his hotel room , this is likely to come up again . But prosecutors argued that the matter at hand Monday was whether he is a flight risk or a danger to the community . The judge sided with the prosecution Monday . But this is just the first step in what will likely be a lengthy legal battle . "  As long as Louisiana wants us here , well , we 'll stay here . We 'll fight , " DeGuerin said Monday . But the bigger courtroom fight will likely unfold in Los Angeles , where the district attorney filed a first-degree murder charge against Durst last week . Durst awaits extradition to Los Angeles to face that charge . If convicted , he could face the death penalty . Prosecutors accuse Durst of "  lying in wait " and killing Susan Berman , a crime writer and his longtime confidante , because she "  was a witness to a crime . " Berman was shot in the head in her Beverly Hills , California , home in December 2000 , shortly before investigators were set to speak with her about the 1982 disappearance of Durst 's first wife , Kathleen McCormack Durst . Robert Durst has long maintained he had nothing to do with Berman 's death or his wife 's disappearance . "  I just do n't think that they had sufficient evidence to have him arrested , " DeGuerin said Monday . "  They had a lot of suspicion . They 've always had a lot of suspicion . And that television show just added to that suspicion . " It 's not the first time Durst has been accused of murder . He admitted to killing and dismembering his neighbor in a 2003 trial , but he was acquitted after arguing he acted in self-defense . FBI agents have also asked local authorities to examine cold cases in locations near where Durst lived over the past five decades , a U.S. law enforcement official said . On Monday , police said there was a connection between Durst and a college student who disappeared from Vermont 's Middlebury College in 1971 . In response to a question at a Tuesday news conference from CNN , Middlebury Police Chief Tom Hanley said : "  There 's nothing in the files to indicate  Durst  was questioned " at the time of her disappearance . "  We do n't know if they ever had any personal contact , " the chief added . The connection in the case was one of proximity , Hanley said . Durst owned a health-food store in Middlebury , and Lynne Schulze was last seen across the street from the store near a bus stop . She had purchased dried prunes from the store earlier . DeGuerin brushed off the accusation , saying that his client "  may have been in Chicago when Jimmy Hoffa disappeared . " Other cases in upstate New York , the San Francisco Bay Area and Southern California are also getting a new look . Durst was placed on suicide watch , according to police , but DeGuerin said last week that Durst needed to be in a hospital setting , not because of the possibility of suicide , but because he has serious medical conditions . The 71-year-old is suffering from hydrocephalus , which required brain surgery a couple of years ago , DeGuerin said . Doctors implanted a stent on the right side of his head , the attorney said last week . "  At the same time he was in the hospital he had an operation on his esophagus to remove cancer . So he 's got some serious health issues . ... He 's lost a lot of weight . He 's not in good health , " DeGuerin said . Durst appeared in court Monday with his head shaved , the stent prominent . DeGuerin also said that Durst is "  mildly autistic " and has received treatment in the past from one of the country 's leading experts in Asperger 's syndrome and autism . "  He 's quiet and he 's reserved and he 's actually bashful . But he 's always been looked upon as a little bit odd , " DeGuerin said . "  And what we discovered 15 years ago was that he 's autistic , mildly autistic , but it explains a lot of his , what others look upon as unusual or bizarre behavior . " But DeGuerin said his client 's health struggles do n't mean he 's incompetent to stand trial . And DeGuerin said they 're eager to go to court and fight the accusations against him . "  He 's a little frail and he has some memory problems sometimes , " DeGuerin said . "  But he 's not incompetent . " CNN 's Anne Woolsey , Amanda Watts , Jean Casarez and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Police chief in Vermont says Robert Durst owned store where college student bought prunes before she disappeared Durst 's attorney : "  I just do n't think that they had sufficient evidence to have him arrested " Robert Durst , who is charged with first-degree murder in California , awaits extradition
Washington  CNN  -- After being lampooned on social media for delaying the start of a debate because his opponent used a fan , Florida Gov. Rick Scott tried to bring the race back to the real issue at stake : Why did former Gov. Charlie Crist need a fan in the first place ? Scott held up the Florida gubernatorial debate on Wednesday for seven minutes after his Democratic rival showed up with an electric fan under his podium . "  I think he was sweating and he needed a fan . I 'm surprised he did n't try to ask for dry ice , " Scott said Thursday to CNN affiliate WPBF . That could have actually been a solution to the standoff , because Scott 's protest flamed over Crist 's apparent disregard for debate rules that banned electronic devices from the stage . "  I think he was probably worried about his track record , " Scott said , bringing up his campaign talking point that more than 832,000 people lost their jobs during Crist 's four-year term as governor during the Great Recession . Crist , a Republican-turned-independent-turned-Democrat , stood on stage alone Wednesday night for the first seven minutes . "  Are we really going to debate a fan ? " Crist said Wednesday before his Republican opponent eventually joined him . But Scott flipped the script on Thursday , saying his opponent nearly did n't make it on stage himself . "  Charlie was throwing a fit , saying he was n't going to go on stage , " Scott said . Update : An earlier version of this story misstated how many jobs Gov. Rick Scott said were lost in Florida while Crist was governor . CNN 's Ashley Codianni contributed to this report .	Wednesday 's Florida governor debate was delayed over Crist 's use of a fan . "  I 'm surprised he did n't try to ask for dry ice , " Scott said Thursday to CNN affiliate WPBF .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The former judge who last year lost a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against a dry cleaners over a missing pair of pants wants his job back . Roy Pearson sued the owners of this dry cleaning business for $ 54 million over a missing pair of pants . Roy Pearson was not reappointed after his term expired as an administrative law judge in the District of Columbia . He filed a lawsuit Thursday in federal court accusing city government and others of an "  unlawful demotion and subsequent termination . " Pearson was taken off the bench in May 2007 , during his unsuccessful $ 54 million lawsuit against a dry cleaning business , which he accused of failing to meet its promise of "  satisfaction guaranteed . " As an administrative law judge , Pearson would hear cases involving zoning law and certain business disputes . A city panel that decides reappointments had notified Pearson during the controversial lost trousers trial that his status was under review . A source on that panel said at the time that any judge must meet certain standards of conduct "  on and off the bench . " The source , who was among the members of the panel at the time of Pearson 's review , said "  a judge is a judge 24/7 ; whether or not they use good judgment in all aspects of their lives is what we can consider . " The civil case , in which Pearson represented himself , sought punitive and compensatory damages against a small family-owned dry cleaners that once posted signs promising "  satisfaction guaranteed . " A pair of trousers that hung by the witness stand was a featured part of the trial last summer . The owners testified that the pants belonged to Pearson , who denied under oath that they were his . The judge found in favor of the dry cleaners and disagreed with Pearson that the satisfaction promise was unconditional . Pearson petitioned the trial judge for a reconsideration , which was denied . He then filed an appeal with the D.C. Court of Appeals , which will hear his appeal later this year . In court documents made available Friday at U.S. District Court in Washington , Pearson , again acting as his own attorney , relies on what he considers Washington 's "  Whistleblower Protection " law to try to establish illegal retaliation . The trial over the lost trousers generated a storm of criticism among fairness advocates , who accused Pearson of abusing the system . The latest litigation has begun to produce the same reaction . "  He lost his job because he proved he did not have the legal requirements to fill the job , namely a judicial temperament , " said Darren McKinney of the American Tort Reform Association . Pearson did not return a message left at home . In his suit seeking to regain his job , he also seeks "  compensatory damages in an amount to be determined at trial , in excess of $ 75,000 from all defendants jointly and severally , " as well as an unspecified amount of punitive damages "  to be determined at trial . " Efforts to seek reaction from the individuals named in the lawsuit were unsuccessful . No initial hearing date has been set in the civil case assigned to U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan . E-mail to a friend	Roy Pearson accuses the city government of an "  unlawful demotion " and termination He sought $ 54 million from a small family-owned dry cleaners over lost trousers A judge found in favor of the dry cleaners Pearson was taken off the bench in May 2007
CNN  -- A change in tactics among Chechnya 's militants is threatening to bring their nationalist fight to the heart of Russia 's cities , terrorism analysts fear . The warning came as Russian investigators said they believed Chechen rebels were responsible for Monday 's twin suicide bombings in Moscow 's subway network that killed at least 39 people . The Russia-Chechnya conflict dates back nearly 20 years , with Chechens having laid claim to land in the Caucasus Mountains region . Thousands have been killed and 500,000 Chechen people have been displaced from the fighting . The area is located in the North Caucasus region of Russia between the Black and Caspian seas . Read how Chechen rebels threaten Russian stability For the last five years the war has been largely fought in the Caucasus but , according to terrorism analyst Chris Hunter , the tide has been turning against the rebels . "  They do n't have the same sort of supply chain they used to have , " he said , adding that pressure from the Russian military had taken its toll . Now there are suspicions that Doku Umarov , the 45-year-old self-styled emir of the Russian North Caucasus , is taking the battle into Russia itself . Until now Umarov , a veteran of Chechnya 's nationalist fight with Russia , has been against killing civilians . He was critical of the Beslan attack in which Chechen rebels took 1,200 people as hostages at a school in Beslan in 2004 . In the ensuing gun battles between the rebels and Russian forces , 334 hostages were killed , more than 100 of them schoolchildren . Only one militant survived . Russian authorities however say Umarov played a lead role in the Beslan attack and that he has been responsible for bombings on mainline trains and markets . While he has not claimed responsibility for Monday 's subway bombings , if he is behind them , it would demonstrate a change in tactics due partly , analysts suspect , to a reliance on funding to continue the fight from radical Islamists such as al Qaeda . "  It 's got to the stage where the Chechens in particular are potentially looking out to the global jihad for that level of support , " said Hunter . "  By aligning himself to al Qaeda or other members of global jihad it would certainly be one source of securing that funding . " A possible key weapon at Umarov 's disposal as he wages war on Russia are female suicide bombers , the so-called "  Black Widows " who are believed to be behind Monday 's coordinated blasts , typical of an al Qaeda attack . "  Suicide is much more considered traditional for women rather than for men , " explains Russian security analyst Irina Isakova , "  in Chechen culture it 's a different perception of suicide bombing than we have in the Middle East . " The Black Widows are believed to be made up of women whose husbands , brothers , fathers or other relatives have been killed in the conflict . The women are often dressed head-to-toe in black and wear the so-called "  martyr 's belt " filled with explosives . Female suicide bombers have been involved in several attacks in Russia and first came to prominence in 2002 when 18 women were among a group of separatists who threatened to blow up a Moscow theater seized in the middle of a musical . In the rescue attempt by Russian special forces , 115 hostages and 50 Chechen separatists were killed . "  The majority of them have been recruited because they 've someone close to them because they lost a husband , a brother , a cousin ... and all of them indoctrinated , brainwashed , " said Hunter . "  They are very much exploited . In 2002 we saw between 40 and 50 gunmen storm the Moscow theater ... not a single one of them was suicide bombers ... all the suicide bombers were females . " Black Widows were also among the 32-strong group of heavily-armed Chechen rebels who took approximately 1,200 people as hostages in Beslan in 2004 . Moscow subway attacks bear mark of ` Black Widows ' If Umarov has as many women at his disposal now , Moscow may indeed be facing in Umarov 's words a "  war unleashed on its streets . "	Change in tactics among Chechen militants may bring fight to Russia 's cities , analysts fear Warning came as investigators said Chechen rebels carried out Monday 's bombings Chechen rebels responsible for attacks including siege at school in Beslan Possible key weapon as Chechens wage war on Russia are female suicide bombers
CNN  -- Like what you 've seen so far ? Well , the World Cup will dish up even more soccer superlatives as the "  Round of 16 " kicks off on Saturday . After surviving the "  Group of Death , " the U.S. soccer team will have to duck a knockout punch this week . Or throw one themselves . With the complicated math of group play gone , the elimination principal will take to the pitch with the squads . That means it 's win or go home . Team USA has to knock Belgium out cold to advance to the quarterfinals . That 's not until Tuesday . But wait ! Leave that TV on ! Nascent U.S. footy fans should n't get tempted to take a break along with the home team they 've newly fallen in love with , or they 'll miss big games like Mexico vs. Netherlands on Sunday -- and the ultimate futbol acrobats on Saturday : They 're the beauty in the "  beautiful game , " the big kahuna , the unmatched five-time World Cup champions , the team sportscasters call "  The Scratch " -- that has proven that soccer can be better than you-know-what : Brazil . Here are this weekend 's four knockout matches with viewing times and channels -- and at bottom , a fun way to find a love match and score yourself at the cup . 1 . "  The Scratch " Brazil vs. Chile , noon ET Saturday on ABC , Univision Despite the home field advantage , the Brazilian team is getting the jitters as rival Chile approaches , Brazil 's coach told the BBC . But that 's "  normal , " he said . It does n't seem to calm their nerves that FIFA ranks Chile 's team 14th and Brazil 's 3rd in the world . -- Or that Brazil has won 48 of the two teams ' 68 previous face-offs . -- Or that it scored 159 goals vs. 58 for Chile in those matches . -- Or that Brazil has shot seven goals in this tournament so far to Chile 's five . -- Or that Brazil has fired 23 shots on target at the goal at this World Cup compared to 10 for Chile . Forget all of it . It does n't matter . FIFA ranked Spain No. 1 , and they 've already gone home . If Chile gets just one more point than Brazil -- just the right ankle-breaking dance to the goal by maestro forward Alexis Sanchez -- or if their impenetrable goalie Claudio Bravo holds off one last goal attempt by Brazil . Then Brazil goes home , too . Er , uh , wait . They 're home already . But they 'd have to sit in the stands in front of the whole country without that sixth championship star on their jerseys . 2 . The bite Colombia vs. Uruguay , 4 p.m. ET Saturday on ABC , Univision It 's almost like Colombia never lost star striker Radamel Falcao to injury even before the cup started . They ate up their competitors in Group C play and go to the knockout round euphoric . And at the same time , Uruguay literally lost a lot of its bite this week when FIFA suspended forward Luis Suarez for four months for ... well ... biting another player . He 's a massive scorer -- saved his team after it lost to Costa Rica 3-1 in Group D play . He shot both goals , when Uruguay downed England 2-1 . Uruguay 's team is raving mad at FIFA for sending Suarez home . Maybe it will give the team the fire in the belly it needs to keep from joining him at Colombia 's hands . In their previous matchups , Uruguay has come out on top much more often . And they 've still got forward Edinson Cavini , whom FIFA calls "  a born goalscorer . " And he has a reputation for being much more laid back than Suarez . Sports clothier Adidas has had some fun with the infamous chomp . 3 . Big cheese or whole enchilada Netherlands vs. Mexico , noon ET Sunday , ESPN , Univision Call it Offense vs. Defense . The Netherlands are to Europe what Wisconsin is to the United States in its clichéd role as a cheese maker -- although in reality , the European Union says Germany and France make more of it . But Holland has the stuff to be the big cheese of global soccer this year . The guys in screaming orange jerseys have shot the most goals in this year 's World Cup -- 10 , compared to the top two seeds -- Germany 's and Brazil -- which have seven each . They dominated their group , roundly stomping reigning world champ Spain 5-1 in their first game . Mexico has played more defense than offense , scoring only four goals so far but also allowing only one . They held Brazil to a 0-0 tie . But Mexico may have just turned up the heat . It looks like their scoring hope Javier Hernandez just got cranked in their 3-1 win against Croatia . If they beat the Dutch , they would reach the level of their best ever performance at the World Cup . They 've only previously made it to the group of eight twice before . 4 . Pleased to meet you . Now , please , go home ! Costa Rica vs. Greece , 4 p.m. ET Sunday , ESPN , Univision They 've never met on a World Cup pitch before . And it 's no wonder . This is only Costa Rica 's third appearance at a World Cup , and only Greece 's second . Greece has shot only two goals so far this tournament but also allowed only one . Costa Rica has shot twice as many , while allowing only one and putting away major contenders Italy and Uruguay . Sound like Greece is the underdog ? Consider that FIFA ranks the team 12th in the world and Costa Rica 28th . Remember many good things come from Greece , even if they are from Brazil : 5 . Scoring apps No , no , not apps to keep score of the game . Apps to find the right match -- as in people to date . Tinder and Blendr are dating apps for smart phones , and they 're booming in Brazil at the World Cup . With more than 600,000 fans pouring into Brazil for the tournament , Tinder says usage and downloads here have jumped 50 % . Many locals are using it to meet visitors from around the world . At bars and open-air fan game viewing sites , people are checking their smart phones to see how many new matches they have -- and the apps turn up plenty of people to meet . Time for a chat . Maybe with a particular goal in mind ? --------------------------------------- CNN 's Rick Martin and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report . Fan zone photo by Rick Martin .	The U.S. gets a break , but there are some magical matches coming this weekend First up , team Brazil , the beauty in the "  beautiful game " Mexico plays dogged defense against this year 's highest scorers from the Netherlands Looking to score with the right match ? Dating apps go ape at Brazil World Cup
CNN  -- The media got it wrong when it came to reporting about actor Philip Seymour Hoffman 's death , the late Oscar winner 's friend said Wednesday in an exclusive broadcast interview on CNN 's "  New Day . " Not only did the reporting inaccurately depict Hoffman as a man in a death spiral , playwright David Bar Katz said the press also was lax when it came to a National Enquirer story claiming he and Hoffman were lovers . The report , since debunked , was cited in mainstream outlets . "  I do n't know why they did it , " he said of the Enquirer . "  I know that it 's lousy journalism . " Katz sued the Enquirer over the story , reaching a settlement in which the tabloid agreed to fund an award for unpublished playwrights in Hoffman 's memory . Hoffman died of apparent drug overdose February 2 . Katz found his body . On Wednesday , the National Enquirer took out a full-page ad in The New York Times saying it "  made a good faith error by publishing an interview with a person who falsely and convincingly claimed to be Mr. Katz . " The real Katz told "  New Day 's " Chris Cuomo he believes the Enquirer was misled but he was still stunned the publication ran with the story without cross-checking it with other sources -- and that other media outlets picked it up . "  I always knew they made stuff up , but I never knew they made up even having an interview with someone that they never had , and then the degree of seeing how everyone picks it up and , as you just said , treats it like news , " Katz told Cuomo . More broadly , Katz said the media had gotten the narrative wrong when it came to Hoffman 's life and death , saying the well-respected actor was not in a destructive death spiral the night he died . "  I can just say that I think a lot of it has been totally overblown , " he said . "  It gives a false picture of him because he was focused , he was working , he was focused on his family , he was not a partyer , he was not someone that was in a spiral , he was not self-destructive in any way . " "  It 's a clichÃ © that makes it very easy and that people like , but Phil was not that guy , " Katz said . When police were called to the actor 's fourth-floor Manhattan apartment , they found him lying on the bathroom floor with a syringe in his left arm . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs , the sources said . Katz declined to talk about what police found in Hoffman 's apartment . But he said the actor had been sober "  most of his adult life " and suffered an unfortunate relapse . He said he hoped Hoffman would be pleased by his efforts to set the story straight but said his friend would as likely have other things on his mind . "  He would more be amused that I spilled ink on my pants and I was on national television and giving me a hard time about that , " Katz said . Hoffman 's will guides son away from Hollywood	NEW : National Enquirer apologizes for story in New York Times ad Tabloid claimed playwright was actor Philip Seymour Hoffman 's lover David Bar Katz says he was stunned by the account He will use settlement proceeds to set up an award for playwrights
The impact of Friday 's shooting at Los Angeles International Airport is still being felt by the nation 's air travelers . The Federal Aviation Administration announced it ordered a first-tier ground stop that ended at 3 p.m. PT  6 p.m. ET  . The ground stop applied to LAX-bound flights that were departing from airports in the western United States ; those aircraft were held at their departure airports , the FAA said in a statement . Nearly 750 flights were affected , with 46 flight diversions , according to Gina Marie Lindsey , executive director of Los Angeles World Airports . Flight tracking site Flightaware.com reported 104 departures canceled and 93 arrivals canceled out of the 1,114 flights that were scheduled to operate at LAX after 9:30 a.m. On Friday morning , at about 9:20 a.m. PT  12:20 p.m. ET  a gunman opened fire at a Transportation Security Administration checkpoint . One TSA officer was killed and two others were injured . The airport was in the process of letting employees back into Terminals 1 and 2 around 4 p.m. PT Friday , Lindsey , said . Terminal 3 , where the incident occurred , will remain closed for the time being , Lindsey said . Passengers expecting to fly out of Terminal 3 should contact their airlines for more information , she said . Many travelers took the delays in stride . Some stuck in airplanes at LAX took to Twitter to document their delays , but the tone was largely respectful . "  First time I have been to LA in years and have been on Tarmac for 2 hrs due to Lax shooting . Prayers go out to all victims , " wrote @joeycorrado .	Hundreds of flights were affected by the shooting at LAX LAX 's Terminal 3 remains closed to travelers Passengers are urged to check with their airlines for gate information
CNN  -- There are few cities in the world blessed with a more beautiful setting than Seattle . It is surrounded by rugged green wilderness ; to the west the Olympic Mountains , to the east the volcanoes and glaciers of the Cascade Range , and all around the brisk waters of the Northwest . The Space Needle dominates the Seattle skyline . Over the years , Seattle has inspired a number of nicknames . It 's not hard to understand why some refer to it as "  Rain City , " but visit when the sun is shining , when lakes Union and Washington are sparkling under a blue sky and majestic Mount Rainier is visible in the distance , and you 'll realize that "  Emerald City " is the most appropriate of its monikers . Seattle started out as a logging town , grew as a stop-off point for gold prospectors at the end of the 19th century , and earned another nickname , "  Jet City " , when plane manufacturer Boeing rose to prominence in the 1950s and 60s . At the height of its powers , Boeing employed some 100,000 locals and the Jet City remained a solidly working-class town until the 80s , when local startup Microsoft started making a name for itself . As Microsoft grew into the behemoth it is today , other tech firms such as Amazon.com and Nintendo were drawn to the city , bringing with them a wave of young , educated and affluent workers . Seattle began to shake off its blue-collar roots and in recent years its cultural credentials have been boosted by the addition of the Olympic Sculpture Park and a showpiece public library , while the acclaimed Seattle Symphony , Opera and Pacific Northwest Ballet have all moved into impressive new buildings in the last decade . Some resent Seattle 's gentrification , bemoaning the near-gridlocked traffic and arguing that the city 's most interesting neighborhoods have lost their individuality to the property developers . But if you spend some time in neighborhoods like Capitol Hill or Fremont , the self-proclaimed "  Center of the Universe , " you 'll find there 's still plenty of the native free spirit in evidence . It was that free spirit that gave birth to Grunge , the post-punk guitar noise that came out of the city in the early 90s , when local bands Soundgarden , Pearl Jam and Nirvana became international stars . Now Grunge is just a memory , but in popular culture it remains as much of a symbol of the city as the Space Needle , the persistent drizzle and the excellent , ubiquitous , coffee shops . Despite its rapid growth , Seattle has kept its trees and parks and many areas maintain an almost suburban feel . The city and its residents are laidback and liberal , and that famous free spirit is as at home in the great outdoors as in Seattle 's boho neighborhoods . As a modern , civilized outpost among outstanding natural spectacle , the place once known as the "  Queen City of the Northwest " still reigns supreme .	Seattle has been known as "  Jet City , " "  Rain City , " and "  The Emerald City " It has a great location , surrounded by mountains , lakes and fantastic scenery The city boasts a symphony orchestra , and ballet and opera companies
Hoylake  CNN  -- Rory McIlroy had won two majors before Sunday , but none in front of his dear old mum . No wonder then that Rosie and her 25-year-old sank into tears as he walked off the 18th green at Hoylake as the new British Open champion . A third major title of his fledgling career means the Northern Irishman is just a green jacket away from a career grand slam . But McIlroy 's mum is just relieved the jinx she perceived to be preventing him from winning one in front of her evaporated in a blanket of cloud on Merseyside . "  There was high emotion on the 18th , there really was , " McIlroy told CNN from Hoylake 's clubhouse , as jubilant members in the adjacent room chanted his name . "  My mum , she had n't been to the previous two majors that I won , and it was incredible the first person that greeted me coming off the 18th was her . "  It was really a nice moment , she was crying her eyes out and I was trying to hold back the tears -- I think a few tears definitely came out . Special moment "  It was a very special moment and to be able to share these moments with your parents -- especially parents like I have -- they 're two of my best friends . "  I can talk to them about anything . They 've been there for me through thick and thin and its great to share these moments with them . " McIlroy 's Open victory was markedly different to his previous two major wins . In the 2011 U.S. Open at Congressional and the following year 's U.S. PGA Championship at Kiawah Island he eviscerated the field , winning both by a scarcely believable margin of eight shots . At Hoylake he had to graft . Leading by six shots prior to the final round he saw that shaved down to just two with a handful of holes left as Spain 's Sergio Garcia , a friend and Ryder Cup buddy , hounded him doggedly . But his links game , tweaked and perfected on the courses of his native Northern Ireland in the weeks leading up to the tournament , remained steadfast . Despite shooting the worst score of any of the top 13 players on the final day , that cushion he 'd compiled over previous days smoothed his way to glory . Top honor So how does this one rank ? "  Winning The Open , the home major for guys like myself , it 's a very special championship and I 'm so very honored to have won it , " he explained . "  I think every major win is different . Congressional was maybe silencing some of the doubters or battling some of the demons I had in my own head . "  Kiawah was coming off a bit of a slump in form but still having a good year . It was almost , not expected , but I felt like in 2012 the only thing I really needed was to win a major and I did . "  Again this feels a bit more like the first one at Congressional where I maybe had to silence a few doubters about how I played links golf , how can I handle a lead , how do I play well on a Friday . "  It 's been a difficult 18 months at times since the start of 2013 and obviously winning the Claret Jug makes it all worthwhile . " By landing the Claret Jug , into which McIlroy revealed some top quality red wine might go , he has three of the four major titles on offer . Masters aim The one that continues to evade him is the U.S Masters , a tournament that evokes harrowing memories . In 2011 , as a 21-year-old , McIlroy led by four shots going into the final round , and disintegrated on the back nine , eventually finishing in a tie for 15th . But he 'll return to Augusta with three pillars of a slam completed , and the chance to become the first European ever to clinch one . At just 25 , McIlroy has years ahead of him to secure entry into elite band of six who have won all four majors . But he 's aiming to do it at the first attempt . "  I 'd love to , especially going to Augusta now with three legs of the career grand slam under my belt and only having the green jacket to win , " he said . "  I 'll be going with a lot of motivation , I 'll do everything I can to prepare the best way I can because it 'll be a great chance for me to put that little milestone in my career to bed and go forward . PGA Champs next "  Before that there 's still the PGA Championship to play at Valhalla and I want to try to do my best there but going to Augusta next April is going to be a lot of fun . " That his Open triumph came at Hoylake , in front of passionate and enthusiastic fans from Merseyside and those who had traveled across from Ireland , was fitting . He lost in the opening round of the boys championship in 2003 but retained an affinity for these links that are tightly wedged into a small corner of the Wirral Peninsula . It is an affinity that will last a lifetime after this week . "  That boys championship was 2003 -- a lot can happen in 11 years that 's for sure , " he said . "  I really enjoyed the course then . "  When I came back here a couple of weeks ago I could n't remember all of the course -- obviously it looked much different with the grandstands and everything . "  It 's a great golf course , a very fair golf course I feel , and if you play well you are rewarded . If you do n't hit it so well you can put yourself in spots that make it very difficult for yourself . "  Hoylake is a course that I obviously love now but even when I got here a couple of weeks ago it was a course I felt I could do well on . " Decline reversed McIlroy 's British Open career had been in decline before this triumph . After winning the low amateur medal in 2007 , he finished third at St Andrew 's in 2010 . He led after the opening round and shot 80 the following day before steadying over the weekend . The following year at Royal St George 's he struck an stroppy note when claiming the oldest major was too reliant on weather conditions and that he was n't prepared to change his game "  for one week a year . " In 2012 he finished 60th and last year at Muirfield he did n't even make the cut , a moment he acknowledged as one of his lowest in recent times at his winner 's press conference . But a period of practice on links courses and in links conditions back in Northern Ireland prior to landing at Liverpool have recalibrated his game in triumphant fashion . "  I think you need experiences like the one in 2010 , having the first round lead and losing it , " he said . Lesson learned "  OK , I came back and finished third but you need experiences like that to move forward and to learn from . "  I definitely learned a lot from that day in 2010 just as I learned a lot from my day at Augusta in 2011 , having a four-shot lead going into the final day and ultimately losing out , having a very bad back nine . "  Did I feel like I could do it this year ? I did . I felt like my game was in good shape . I had the win earlier in the year at Wentworth and I felt like my game was just coming into form . "  I just needed something to click and luckily everything clicked this week . "	Rory McIlroy 's mother Rosie first to congratulate him McIlroy won British Open at Hoylake by two shots Father Gerry is a regular at his tournaments Targeting 2015 U.S. Masters to complete career grand slam
CNN  -- A man who has been fighting for permanent custody of his daughter under Native American tribal law can continue to raise her for the moment in Oklahoma , a new twist in a high-profile legal case already decided by the Supreme Court . The Oklahoma Supreme Court issued an emergency stay on Friday to temporarily delay the transfer of Dusten Brown 's daughter , Veronica , 4 , to her adoptive parents in South Carolina . The order was made public on Tuesday . Attorneys for Brown and the adoptive couple , Matt and Melanie Capobianco of North Charleston , planned to attend a closed-door hearing at the Oklahoma Supreme Court later on Tuesday . It is unclear when that court would issue a ruling on custody . In June , a divided U.S. Supreme Court sided with Capobiancos when Brown sought to assert his parental rights . They had legally adopted her when she was a baby . The justices said the adoption was proper and did not intrude on the federal rights of the father , a registered member of the Cherokee tribe , over where his daughter would live . The court said Brown could not rely on the Indian Child Welfare Act for relief because he never had legal or physical custody at the time of adoption proceedings , which were initiated by the birth mother without his knowledge . Birth father arrested in ` Baby Veronica ' adoption fight Broad legal implications The case raises issues about the scope of a special federal law aimed at keeping Native American families together . It also put at odds competing orders from courts in two states . South Carolina judges in recent weeks had finalized the adoption back to the Capobiancos , who are white . Following the Supreme Court order , a family court in South Carolina developed a "  transition plan " to ease any transfer , taking into account the girl 's age , sensitivities of the parties involved , and Native American heritage dynamic underlying the larger legal dispute . Brown refused to turn the child over and was cited for contempt . A warrant was issued on August 10 for "  custodial interference . " The father then took his case to Oklahoma courts . The South Carolina Supreme Court originally ruled for Brown . The adoptive couple has said separation from Veronica has been difficult . "  We are looking forward to seeing her again soon when we have the opportunity to do so , because we miss her so very much , " said Melanie Capobianco . Christinna Maldanado , Veronica 's birth mother , also expressed satisfaction when the high court ruled in June . "  Matt and Melanie are part of my family , and they have treated me like part of theirs . I 'm hopeful that we will all be reunited with Veronica very soon , " the statement said . Groups hopeful for father Native American groups had remained hopeful Brown would maintain custody . Several parties have a stake in the outcome . These include the biological and adoptive parents , the federal government , the Oklahoma-based tribe , and a legal guardian appointed by the state to represent the child 's interests . Brown had earlier signed a legal document agreeing to put the girl up for adoption , but his attorneys said he did not understand the extent of the waiver and that the birth mother misrepresented the child 's American Indian heritage to social service workers when the adoption was finalized . At issue was whether Brown , as the onetime non-custodial father , could gain parental custody , after the non-Indian mother initiated an adoption outside the tribe . A special congressional law governs such interstate adoptions , since the current 556 federally recognized-tribes all fall under Interior Department oversight , giving those tribes certain unique benefits and rights . The Capobianco 's lawyers had argued federal law does not define an unwed biological father as a "  parent . " Opinion : Should race be a factor in adoption ? Relinquished parental rights The Indian Child Welfare Act was a response to decades of often abusive social service practices that resulted in the separation of large numbers of native youngsters from their families , in many cases to non-Native American homes . The legislation was designed to "  promote the stability and security of Indian tribes and Indian families by the establishment of minimum federal standards to prevent the arbitrary removal of Indian children from their families and tribes and to ensure that measures which prevent the breakup of Indian families are followed in child custody proceedings . " Brown 's relationship within the "  federally recognized government " of the Cherokee Nation means Veronica is a member of the tribe and subject to its jurisdiction . "  It 's not anyone 's intent ever to rip a child away from a loving home , " said Todd Hembree , the Tahlequah , Oklahoma-based tribe 's attorney general . "  But we want to make sure those loving homes have the opportunity to be Indian homes first . " But Brown argued he successfully established paternity under state law , and qualified as a "  parent " under the tribal statute , thereby giving him proper control and custody of his daughter . He agreed to relinquish his parental rights in exchange for not paying child support , but said the mother never indicated she intended unilaterally to give the child up for adoption . And Brown claims the biological mother tried to "  conceal " his Indian heritage during the adoption process with the Capobiancos .	Top Oklahoma court issues stay of transfer of girl from father to adoptive parents Dusten Brown fights to keep daughter even though U.S. Supreme Court ruled adoption was proper Brown is member of Cherokee tribe and has based legal case on Native American law
CNN  -- Werder Bremen snatched top spot in the German Bundesliga after crushing Freiburg 6-0 on Saturday , as young playmaker Mesut Ozil stole the show . The 21-year-old Germany international set up four goals and scored one himself as the home side moved ahead of previous leaders Bayer Leverkusen on goal difference , with both teams on 26 points . Unbeaten Leverkusen can regain their lead in Sunday 's trip to ailing former champions Bayern Munich , while Hamburg can move up to 26 points with victory at home to Bochum . But Bremen ensured bragging rights for at least 24 hours with a demolition job that left Freiburg just two points above the bottom three . Daniel Jansen and Ozil both hit the woodwork before the latter crossed for striker Hugo Almeida to head home the 33rd-minute opener . Marko Marin doubled the lead 10 minutes after halftime with a freekick , then Ozil teed up Almeida 's second soon after before making it 4-0 on 67 as he collected a long ball and rounded goalkeeper Simon Pouplin . Ozil was fouled in the box by Mohamadou Idrissou to allow Naldo to score from the spot six minutes later , and his cross from the left was converted by Markus Rosenberg on 82 . Schalke moved up to third place with a 2-0 win at home to Hannover , who were mourning the suicide of Germany goalkeeper Robert Enke . There was a minute 's silence before the game to commemorating his death , but it was Schalke who took the lead in the 69th minute as Jefferson Farfan headed home Rafinha 's corner . Jan Moravek sealed victory in the second minute of time added on after Enke 's deputy Florian Fromlowitz blocked a shot by Lukas Schmitz , meaning Schalke ended a three-game winless run -- and extended their unbeaten run to seven -- to move onto 25 points . Defending champions Wolfsburg lost 3-2 at home to Nuremberg , who moved out of the bottom three thanks to Peer Kluge 's last-gasp winner three minutes into stoppage time . Ten-man Stuttgart had to come from behind to earn a 1-1 draw at home to bottom club Hertha Berlin , as Zdravko Kuzmanovic 's 82nd-minute effort canceled out the 49th-minute opener by Adrian Ramos . However , the Serbian was sent off three minutes later for a second booking , but struggling Stuttgart held on . Hoffenheim crushed Cologne 4-0 to move above Hamburg on goal difference , while Borussia Monchengladbach moved away from the relegation zone with a 2-1 victory at Eintracht Frankfurt . Borussia Dortmund hosted Mainz in the late match .	Werder Bremen snatch top spot in Bundesliga on goal difference after crushing Freiburg 6-0 Young Germany international Mesut Ozil sets up four goals and scores one himself Schalke move into third place after 2-0 win over Hannover , who are mourning Robert Enke Bayer Leverkusen can reclaim top spot with a point from Sunday 's trip to Bayern Munich
Andres Iniesta did not feature in the contenders for the best player of the 2010 World Cup despite scoring Spain 's winning goal in the final , but the midfielder has been recognized for his country 's historic triumph at Euro 2012 . The 28-year-old Barcelona star is one of 10 Spanish players in UEFA 's 23-man squad , which features four from losing finalists Italy . Iniesta , clubmates Xavi Hernandez and Sergio Buesquets plus Real Madrid 's Xabi Alonso were included in a nine-strong midfield contingent , while David Silva and Cesc Fabregas were named among five forwards despite playing in Spain 's so-called "  no striker " formation . The Spaniards completely nullified Italy 's midfield general Andrea Pirlo in Sunday 's final , winning 4-0 in Kiev to clinch a third successive major title . Iniesta did not score and had just one assist , but was rewarded for his overall contribution to the merciless Spanish passing machine . At the 2010 World Cup , David Villa was Spain 's only entry in the top three as Uruguay 's Diego Forlan was named best player . "  Pirlo was magnificent and obviously circumstances did n't help him in the final , " UEFA technical director Andy Roxburgh said . "  Xabi Alonso , Xavi Hernandez and Iniesta were all superb . In the case of Xavi , he won the award last time , and he could easily have won the award again , but we felt that Iniesta deserved it . Is this Spain team the best in football history ? "  In many ways , he symbolized the tournament -- the creative , incisive runner , with and without the ball . We felt that he epitomized a lot of what we saw . " The squad included only two players not present in the semifinal matches : England captain Steven Gerrard and Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic . "  The players in the squad are those who have contributed in a significant way over the entire tournament , " said Roxburgh , a former coach of Scotland 's national team . "  Inevitably , the squad is dominated by players from the teams who had the most success -- first of all the team which won the title , Spain , then those players who were in the other top three teams . "  There are other players who could easily have been in the squad , but we restricted ourselves to a set number . The line was drawn at 23 because this was the squad size for the tournament . " UEFA president Michel Platini hailed the tournament in Poland and Ukraine as a big success , despite earlier fears of problems with racism which -- despite several incidents inside stadiums -- did not escalate as predicted . "  This Euro , the first in the East , has been a resounding success , a real triumph , " the Frenchman said on UEFA 's website . "  Poland and Ukraine showed the whole world that they can organize this type of event and that they need n't have any concerns . They can be proud of the work they 've done , their enthusiasm and the final results . I 'm proud of them , anyway . " Platini said the biggest on-pitch success of the tournament was the use of extra match officials behind the goal lines . "  That was the principal innovation on the pitch compared to previous Euro editions , and the system of five referees was a real plus in terms of the football that got played : it helped get rid of simulation in the area and also helped significantly reduce shirt-pulling during set pieces , " he said . "  In the end , there were more goals and , even more significantly , more headed goals in this Euro than in other big international competitions . That 's no coincidence . The system of five referees acts as a deterrent and the quality of football benefits from that . " UEFA also raised $ 228,000  $ 285,000  for the charity Center for Access to Football in Europe  CAFE  after pledging $ 3,000 for each of the 76 goals scored . Off the field of play , Internet users set a new record for a sporting event on Twitter during Sunday 's final . The social networking site said its total global traffic peaked at 15,358 tweets per second when Juan Mata scored Spain 's fourth goal . The match brought in 16.5 million tweets in total . UEFA 's team of Euro 2012 : Goalkeepers : Gianluigi Buffon  Italy  , Iker Casillas  Spain  , Manuel Neuer  Germany  . Defenders : Gerard Pique  Spain  , Fabio Coentrao  Portugal  , Philipp Lahm  Germany  , Pepe  Portugal  , Sergio Ramos  Spain  , Jordi Alba  Spain  . Midfielders : Daniele de Rossi  Italy  , Steven Gerrard  England  , Xavi Hernandez  Spain  , Andres Iniesta  Spain  , Sami Khedira  Germany  , Sergio Busquets  Spain  , Mesut Ozil  Germany  , Andrea Pirlo  Italy  , Xabi Alonso  Spain  . Forwards : Mario Balotelli  Italy  , Cesc Fabregas  Spain  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Portugal  , Zlatan Ibrahimovic  Sweden  , David Silva  Spain  .	Spain midfielder Andres Iniesta named best player of Euro 2012 Iniesta is one of 10 Spain players in 23-man squad named by UEFA UEFA president hails tournament in Poland and Ukraine as big success Sunday 's final registered a record amount of tweets for a sporting event
CNN  -- Tweeting about why her Tuesday night flight was delayed got Lisa Carter-Knight kicked off a JetBlue airplane , she claims . An hour after JetBlue Flight 760 was scheduled to depart Philadelphia for Boston , a fellow passenger joked about the aircraft 's alcohol supply . Another passenger joked about wishing for a fully stocked bar on the flight , Carter-Knight told CNN affiliate WPVI . The pilot misunderstood the joke and took it to be an accusation that he had been drinking . "  The pilot ran out and said , ` That 's it ; everyone back up at the gate ; I 've been accused of being intoxicated , ' " Carter-Knight said . That 's when she turned to Twitter . "  I went to Twitter to share my experience , not bad , just very strange , with my friends and my followers , " she said . "  JetBlue staff and the pilot did not like that tonight , and so I 'm standing here at 1 o'clock in the morning because I was denied access to the flight . " JetBlue says that 's not true . "  The customer was not kicked off because of her tweets , " JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young wrote in an email . "  There were other customers that also tweeted and boarded the plane . As we shared , it is not our practice to remove a customer for expressing criticism of their experience in any medium . This customer however was denied boarding due to unruly behavior and creating a disturbance by the gate area . " CNN reached out to Carter-Knight via Twitter but has not heard back . JetBlue confirmed that a customer accusation of the pilot being intoxicated delayed Flight 760 prior to departure . "  As a precautionary measure , a sobriety test was conducted . The test demonstrated the pilot was sober and as a result , he was cleared to perform his duties . Customers boarded the aircraft which departed PHL at 12:03 am and arrived in BOS at 1:12 am . " "  The decision to remove a customer from a flight is not taken lightly , " Young said . "  If we feel a customer is not complying with safety instructions , exhibits objectionable behavior or causes conflict at the gate or on the aircraft , the customer will be asked to deplane or will be denied boarding especially if the crew feels the situation runs the risk of accelerating in the air . "  In this instance , the customer received a refund and chose to fly on another carrier . "	Passenger claims her tweets got her kicked off a flight Pilot claims passengers accused him of being drunk JetBlue says test results showed he was sober Airline says criticism would not be enough to remove a passenger
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- As Ricot Duprevil tells it , rescuers saved him after he spent two weeks under earthquake rubble . There 's no question that Duprevil was pulled out alive from the rubble of a Port-au-Prince building Tuesday . But confirmation of his two-week account might just remain buried among the ruins . A doctor treating the 31-year-old man says he is inclined to believe Duprevil . The hospital where Duprevil was taken was unable to conduct an initial blood test that might have helped prove or disprove his account . And the U.S. soldiers who arrived and treated Duprevil after his rescue did not see which building area residents recovered him from -- a freshly collapsed one or one destroyed two weeks ago , when a 7.0-magnitude earthquake devastated Haiti . The residents who rescued him could not be immediately located . Full coverage If the Haitian salesman did survive 14 days entombed in rubble , he would match a record set in 1990 by a man pulled free from the ruins of a hotel after a 7.8-magnitude earthquake in the Philippines . The Haitian government announced late last week that it was switching from rescue efforts to recovery operations , even as some survivors were found alive . On Saturday , a 24-year-old man was freed by a French rescue team , 11 days after the quake . That man , Wismond Jean-Pierre , had survived on soda found in the hotel shop where he was working at the time of the quake . And a 5-year-old boy named Monley flashed an ear-to-ear smile last Wednesday when he was rescued after eight days spent under the ruins of his collapsed home . Duprevil said he was selling soda when the quake hit and he ran inside a building in fear . The building then collapsed , he said . His family reported him missing after the quake , and feverishly looked for him . iReport : List of missing , found | Are you there ? Meanwhile , Duprevil said , he survived by rationing water from a 2-gallon jug he found among debris . The water ran out Tuesday morning , he said . U.S. military medics and doctors at the International Medical Surgical Response team field hospital said Duprevil was severely dehydrated after being rescued , but otherwise had strong blood pressure and pulse . On Wednesday morning , he was in stable condition while being treated for a fracture to his right thigh bone . "  Undoubtedly , this is very , very exciting , especially for all of us who have been deeply involved in this mission , " said Dr. Henry Ford , who is treating Duprevil . "  To pull this one out ... is exhilarating . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	Ricot Duprevil , 31 , was in stable condition with fractured thigh bone after rescue , officials say Unclear if he was rescued from newly collapsed building or one that fell two weeks ago Duprevil was severely dehydrated when found , medics say If he survived being trapped for two weeks , he ties record set in 1990 Philippines quake
CNN  -- One hundred thirty new cases of Ebola were identified during a three-day lockdown in Sierra Leone , Stephen Gaojia , the country 's head of emergency operations , said Monday . Officials are awaiting tests on another 39 potential cases , he said . During the lockdown from Friday through Sunday , no one was allowed to leave home . More than 75 % of the targeted 1.5 million households were contacted , according to the Health Ministry . The latest report from the World Health Organization , released Monday , says at least 2,803 people have died during the Ebola outbreak in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . In these three countries -- the hardest hit by the epidemic -- there have been at least 5,843 confirmed , probable or suspected cases . The death toll includes victims in all three categories . The first Ebola case was documented in December . The WHO is also tracking the virus in Senegal and Nigeria , where a much smaller number of cases have been confirmed . Only one case was confirmed in Senegal , and no deaths have been reported . In addition , the WHO reported , all of those believed to have been in contact with the infected person have completed follow-up evaluations with no further Ebola cases confirmed . The virus is spread through contact with bodily fluids , and early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . The virus is named after the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo  formerly Zaire  , where one of the first outbreaks occurred in 1976 .	130 new cases were identified during a 3-day lockdown in Sierra Leone More than 75 % of the targeted 1.5 million households were contacted At least 2,803 people have died from Ebola in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone
Washington  CNN  -- They 're not exactly gym buddies , but a personal trainer in Poland can now say he worked out with the President of the United States . Jean Ekwa was at the Marriott gym with Barack Obama in Warsaw and confessed to some eavesdropping in an interview with CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . Someone in the hotel workout room captured every grunt and stretch of Obama 's routine , then leaked the video on Wednesday . Ekwa said Obama was lifting 25-pound free weights . "  As for the technique , I ca n't honestly say that it 's perfect , " Ekwa , a personal trainer , said . Ekwa noted that everyone present in the gym had been scanned by the Secret Service . He said when he first saw the roughly 10 agents at the gym , he did n't think he would be allowed in . "  All the people there tried to play it cool , " he said . "  On the inside I was very excited . I did n't want to do anything that would end up with security guards breaking my arm or something . " While Ekwa could n't give Obama top marks , fitness guru Tony Horton called his form "  pretty good . " "  I 'd give him a solid B-plus , maybe an A-minus , " Horton , creator of the P90X workout , said Thursday on CNN 's New Day . Horton , whose workout has been adopted by Republican Reps. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Aaron Schock of Illinois , advised Obama to "  breathe a little bit more . " But said he was glad Obama decided to hit the gym while abroad . "  I 'm just thrilled that our President shows up to Poland and ends up doing a workout for a half an hour before going to bed instead of grabbing a Scotch and a cigarette , " Horton said . Comments online ran the gamut , as some Twitter users knocked the weight of the President 's dumbbells while others cheered him for staying active . Gawker , meanwhile , published a list of Obama 's biggest workout mistakes : from "  wearing long pants " to not lunging far enough during his exercise . The viral website even called him out for using the elliptical machine . Horton instead focused on the importance of the President 's commitment to fitness , which he said helps keep his mind sharp . First lady Michelle Obama has pushed Americans to get in shape and is working to end childhood obesity by encouraging kids to get active through her "  Let 's Move " campaign , which she launched in 2010 . Setback for first lady in food fight with Congress The candid video might have caught Obama off guard , but likely not unaware , former White House videographer Arun Chaudhary said . It shows Obama calmly perusing the rack of free weights , which he used to lunge and lift and perform an intense set of curls . "  President Obama is somebody who just acts the same on and off camera and has this unique ability just to sort of not care about it , " Chaudhary said . "  He is very aware that everybody in that gym has a cell phone and that they 're probably taking a video . " Chaudhary backed up the Secret Service 's claims that Obama was safe , assuring that all hotel guests were without a doubt screened by the President 's security detail . "  I think it 's unusual for us to see the President working out in a gym , but as a security level it 's not different than him getting pancakes at a diner in Iowa , " he said . "  For me , this gym tape is almost ... no different than  White House photographer  Pete Souza 's photo of the first lady and the President touching heads in the freight elevator on Inauguration Day , " Chaudhary said . The video does show a lanky Obama in a different light than his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , who has been photographed shirtless hunting , fishing and riding horseback . "  This is not him strangling a tiger on top of a horse while he 's shirtless , " Chaudhary said of Obama . "  This is someone doing what they do in a non-glamorous way . "	Jean Ekwa worked out alongside President Obama in Poland and said he was lifting 26-pound weights "  As for the technique , I ca n't honestly say that it 's perfect , " Ekwa , a personal trainer , said . P90X founder Tony Horton gave Obama a "  B-plus , maybe an A-minus " on form Former White House videographer : Obama "  just acts the same on and off camera "
