CNN  -- In a joint opinion piece to be published Friday , the leaders of the United States , Britain and France lay out in stark terms their contention that Libya 's future must not include its leader , Moammar Gadhafi . "  It is unthinkable that someone who has tried to massacre his own people can play a part in their future government , " said the article , titled "  Libya 's Pathway to Peace , " by U.S. President Barack Obama , British Prime Minister David Cameron and French President Nicolas Sarkozy . "  It would be an unconscionable betrayal . " The article , which is slated to appear in the International Herald Tribune , Le Figaro , and Times of London , was sent to reporters by the White House . Because Gadhafi has lost the consent of his people , "  any deal that leaves him in power would lead to further chaos and lawlessness , " it says . "  We know from bitter experience what that would mean . Neither Europe , the region , or the world can afford a new safe haven for extremists . " The leaders called for an end to violence and for the regime 's forces to pull back from the embattled cities of Ajdabiya , Misurata and Zintan , which have been besieged by Libyan government forces . "  However , so long as Gadhafi is in power , NATO must maintain its operations so that civilians remain protected and the pressure on the regime builds , " they wrote . "  Then a genuine transition from dictatorship to an inclusive constitutional process can really begin , led by a new generation of leaders . In order for that transition to succeed , Gadhafi must go and go for good . " Clinton : Terms for Gadhafi "  non-negotiable " At that point , they added , "  the United Nations and its members should help the Libyan people as they rebuild where Gadhafi has destroyed -- to repair homes and hospitals , to restore basic utilities , and to assist Libyans as they develop the institutions to underpin a prosperous and open society . " The decision about who will replace the current Libyan leaders will be left up to the Libyans themselves , they said .	"  Gadhafi must go , and go for good , " leaders of U.S. , U.K. and France say After Gadhafi 's exit , U.N. countries will help Libya rebuild , the op-ed says Despite international help , Libyans alone will choose their next leaders , op-ed says
CNN  -- Rousted out of bed by an early morning phone call , Kay Crosby stood in the rain and watched her church burn . "  We had choir practice Wednesday night , and then Thursday morning , it 's gone , " she said . "  Not even 12 hours later . " Despite the efforts of firefighters from Crosby 's town of Wills Point , Texas , and beyond , Russell Memorial United Methodist Church was a total loss . The blaze was one in a string of 11 fires in east Texas churches this year . Eight have been ruled arson , leaving residents and churches on edge as authorities work to find the person -- or persons -- responsible . "  We certainly can connect several of them , " said Tom Crowley , special agent with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ' Dallas , Texas , office . Two fires that broke out Monday had not been ruled arson as of Wednesday , but are considered suspicious , he said . There is no clear theme linking the fires , which have struck various church denominations -- Methodist , Baptist , Church of Christ Scientist -- on different days of the week and at different times of the day , he said . And while the churches are in small towns -- such as Wills Point , which has a population of about 3,800 people -- not all the fires were in remote locations , Crowley said . Authorities believe one person , or perhaps a group of people , are responsible . Investigators have "  people we 're looking at " from tips called in , but "  nothing specific yet , " he said . "  I think maybe I would characterize the mood of our people as perplexed , " said Randy Daniels , mayor of Athens , Texas , a town of about 12,000 that has seen three of the church fires . " ... I think most people would just wonder who could be doing this or even why . Most people consider it just incomprehensible and unconscionable that somebody could and would be doing this . " The fires have been a blow , he said , especially in east Texas , which has "  a faithful , church-going people . " Included in the total of 11 is a January church arson in Temple , Texas , Crowley said . Authorities are not sure if it is related to the others , as Temple is more than 150 miles away from the area east of Dallas where most of the fires have occurred . However , the ATF is in contact with investigators on that fire , he said . In addition , he said , one church fire from January has not been ruled arson . In Tyler , Texas , Tyland Baptist Church is "  displaced , but very much alive , " the Rev. David Mahfood wrote on the church Web site . "  We grieve the loss of -LSB- our -RSB- church home , the place that we loved and shared so many memories with our church family , " he wrote . "  It was a very special place to all of us , and our emotions at this time are varied and many . " Tyland burned on January 16 , Mahfood told CNN Wednesday , so members have had some time to process the event . Still , he said , there is a "  real feeling of violation , a real feeling of ' I never thought this would happen to me . ' " Like Russell Memorial , the 120-member church was destroyed . "  Not a Bible , not a hymnal " was left , Mahfood said . "  We 've got some bricks . That 's it . " Tyland Baptist is currently holding services in another church 's sanctuary , he said . Russell Memorial 's congregation , which numbers in the hundreds , is meeting in its nearby fellowship building , Crosby said . The burned building has n't been released back to the church yet , she said Wednesday , although investigators had released it to insurance adjusters . "  We had a big , beautiful sanctuary , " she said . "  It 's a million-dollar loss . " Members are sorrowful , she said , because the church was built by donations -- one person donated the pews , another the cushions , and members donated hymnals , including some in memory of loved ones . A similar string of church arsons occurred in 2006 in rural communities outside of Birmingham , Alabama . Three college students were arrested and pleaded guilty to federal arson charges . Two were sentenced to eight years in prison , while a third was sentenced to seven years . Another string of suspicious church fires took place in the 1990s and led to the enactment of the 1996 Church Arson Prevention Act , which provided funding for investigations and assistance to congregations . But authorization for the act has expired , and Rose Johnson Mackey of the National Coalition for Burned Churches says it should be reauthorized . "  Funding ran out , " she said . "  By 1998 , 1999 , 2000 , the coordination efforts led by Justice and Treasury , they were n't meeting anymore . " "  If we still had that funding , then some of the people who were victimized in 1996 might not be victimized again in 2010 . " The NCBC tallied nearly 500 suspicious church fires from 2005 to 2008 , the last year they had complete data , including nearly 200 in 2006 . In Texas , Federal authorities are working with the Texas Rangers and the state Department of Public Safety , as well as local police , sheriffs ' and fire departments , to investigate the blazes , Crowley said . On Monday , officials contacted a number of local authorities in east Texas , warning them about the fires and urging them to remain vigilant . A number of locations have beefed up police patrols near churches , he said . The churches themselves are "  on heightened alert , I guess you would say , " said Daniels . Some church members have been staying at their churches , while others are patrolling along with police . "  We 're a rural area , " he said . "  We do n't have the cameras and surveillance devices that people have . " Some smaller churches are pooling resources to have overnight security patrols , Mahfood said , while larger churches are patrolling on a volunteer basis . "  The community is on edge , " he said . "  We 're certainly concerned , " said Tyler Mayor Barbara Bass . In addition , she pointed out , with the current economic downturn , the burned churches will have to rebuild by using resources that could have been used to help assist others in the community . However , "  it 's brought the community together in a lot of ways , " she said . Churches in Tyler held a prayer rally on January 24 to show support for the churches struck by arson . Members are watching out for other churches as well as their own , she said . The ATF is offering a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible , Crowley said . At Russell Memorial , meanwhile , church members are counting their blessings in the face of tragedy . A large brass cross that hung over the choir loft was found and salvaged , Crosby said . "  It was kind of twisted , but we 're going to have it restored . " Also found was a cross borne by acolytes during services , she said . Members are grateful the church 's offices and records remained intact , she said , as well as the church 's set of English handbells . "  We 're saddened , " she said . "  But you know what , that building was not our church . ... We 're OK , because we 're strong people , and we know that God 's hand is on us and he will take care of us . " CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Two fires that broke out Monday had not been ruled arson as of Wednesday Eight of the 11 fires at churches in east Texas have been ruled arson Churches are "  on heightened alert , " says mayor of Athens , Texas Some congregants are keeping guard ; some rural churches are pooling resources
Washington  CNN  -- Top Democratic strategists in Washington are already beginning one of the city 's oldest traditions -- second-guessing a losing election strategy before what is expected to be a stinging defeat in Tuesday 's midterm elections . One of the key debates to emerge is whether Democratic candidates were too cautious in avoiding President Barack Obama at all costs . "  Running away from the president is never smart , " said one top Democratic strategist who has worked with both the White House and Senate candidates this midterm cycle . "  You look like chicken s -- , " the strategist added on condition of anonymity . A White House official who also asked not to be named so he could speak freely argued Democrats still have a chance to hold the Senate . "  We do n't think anything is done until election day , " the official said in an email that included election day polls in 2012 that showed the president tied with Mitt Romney . Obama went on to win a decisive victory . Still , the conventional wisdom to banish the president from key Senate battlegrounds , in favor of either Bill and Hillary Clinton , Vice President Joe Biden , and even First Lady Michelle Obama made sense to most Senate Democratic campaigns . The president 's low approval numbers plus the conservative terrain at risk for Democrats in Arkansas , Alaska and Louisiana was a "  toxic combination , " as another top strategist put it . The problem with that approach , according to Democratic midterm second-guessers , is that it left the party with little to offer voters . "  I am becoming convinced that many Democrats made a mistake in trying to run away from President Obama and the Democratic party agenda , " said Jim Manley , a former spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . "  How is the base supposed to get excited when elected Democrats are going to such great length to put as much distance as the can between them and a president that was elected twice by the American people , " Manley asked . One of the lasting memories of the 2014 midterm elections will likely be Kentucky Democratic Senate candidate Alison Lundergan Grimes ' refusal to say whether she even voted for Obama . "  She was an Obama delegate , " complained one strategist about Grimes . "  Of course she voted for him . " The president did not want to tell candidates how to run their campaigns , his aides said . Instead , Obama appeared almost exclusively with Democratic gubernatorial candidates . But his message was clearly aimed at firing up his party 's base . Obama has consistently prodded Democrats to get off the couch , take their cousin "  Pookie " with them , and vote . Democrats , the president has argued time and again , have a "  congenital defect " when it comes to casting ballots in midterms . "  The number of eligible voters who vote typically in a midterm is like in the 30s . I mean , Ukraine just went through an election -- they got a war going on , they had about 60 percent turnout , " Obama said Sunday of the percentage of Americans who go to the polls in midterm elections . "  There is no excuse for us to just give away our power . If you wonder why things do n't happen , if you wonder why sometimes elected officials do n't seem responsive , it 's because so many of us stay at home , " he added at an event with Pennsylvania gubernatorial candidate Tom Wolf . Despite that feisty tone , Obama remained behind closed doors Monday , one day before the midterms . Also missing are any mentions of the president 's record . Obama no longer uses the line about his polices being "  on the ballot " on Tuesday , after some of his supporters complained publicly . But other strategists worry the aversion to all things Obama went too far , noting few Democratic candidates have spent much time pointing to the lowering unemployment rate , among a range of hopeful economic indicators . "  Many Democratic candidates blurred the choice so much that voters figured ` well if I 'm going to have a choice between two Republicans I might as will choose the one that calls themselves one , ' " griped a party operative . Candidates also matter , several seasoned Democratic operatives argued . Iowa Democratic Senate candidate Bruce Braley 's gaffe in describing the state 's popular Republican Sen. Charles Grassley as an "  Iowa farmer who never went to law school , " was a key mistake according to one strategist . A Braley loss to his Republican challenger , Joni Ernst , would give the GOP two Senate seats in a state Obama won twice , after he defeated Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Iowa caucuses . In a sign of just how much his Iowa star power has faded in six years , the president was never called in to campaign on behalf of Braley . In addition , the president was kept out of Colorado and New Hampshire , two states he also captured in 2008 and 2012 . Ben LaBolt , a former Obama White House and campaign spokesman , maintained Democrats are striking the right balance . "  It makes little sense to publicly deploy him in states he did n't win , " LaBolt said . "  However , he can and is doing surgical things to help Democratic candidates like fundraising and rallying the young and diverse constituencies that carried him to victory and could make the difference in close races . "	Some Democratic strategists think candidates tried too hard to avoid the president President Barack Obama has a sagging approval rating nationally and in key states That said , some on the left think running away from a sitting president is a losing strategy Republicans look poised to pick up the six seats they need to reclaim the Senate
CNN  -- MS Dhoni continued his winning streak after guiding the Chennai Super Kings to a nail biting victory over Kolkata Knight Riders in the opening clash of the Indian Premier League . The seven week 20-over tournament offers yet more action for the cricket-loving Indian public after Dhoni led them to a World Cup triumph on home soil less than a week ago . And he masterminded an opening win in Chennai as Kolkata failed to record the four runs they need off the final delivery of the match to lose by two runs . Batting first , Chennai made 153-4 off their 20 overs . Srikkanth Anirudha got them off to a fast start as he smashed 64 off just 55 deliveries . Indian pair Suresh Raini and Dhoni then added valuable runs at the end of the innings , finishing with 33 and 29 respectively , as the Super Kings posted a challenging total . An opening stand of 64 between Manvinder Bisla and South African Jacques Kallis looked to have put Kolkata in the driving seat but when Kallis went for 54 their innings faltered . English batsman Eoin Morgan was stumped for just six runs but Manoj Tiwary got Kolkata back on track with a quick fire 27 runs , including two sixes , before he was stumped by Dhoni off the bowling of Randiv . The Knight Riders needed nine runs from the final over but lost Laxmi Shukla off the second ball . Rajat Bhatia was charged with hitting a boundary off the final ball to win but Kolkata could only manage a leg bye . After the game Dhoni told reporters : "  It was a first game with a new team , and when you get a new car you want to break it in , but you do n't want to break it . Even if we did not win this game , we would have got a lot out of it . " Meanwhile , the 147-year-old Wisden Almanack -- known as the cricketers ' bible -- has strengthened its social media presence by joining Facebook . The historic publication joined Twitter in December posting : "  A humble 147-year-old takes its first tentative steps into the blogosphere . Any older Twitterers out there ? " Their new editor , Lawrence Booth has been tasked with developing their digital presence , and Wisden has already chalked up a quintuple century -- in Facebook ` likes ' .	Chennai Super Kings beat Kolkata in the opening game of the Indian Premier League Super Kings win by two runs as nail biting 20-over clash goes down to final ball Srikkanth Anirudha top scores for Chennai with 64 runs 147-year-old cricket digest the Wisden Almanack joins Facebook
Yokohama , Japan  CNN  -- World leaders at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit on Sunday pledged to work toward a free trade area in the Asia-Pacific region . "  We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to achieving free and open trade and investment in the region , " the leaders said in a joint statement at the end of their two-day summit in Yokohama , Japan . The summit brought together 21 leaders from countries around the Pacific Rim . But the group acknowledged challenges in the global economy and the environment . "  The Asia-Pacific regional economy is recovering from the recent economic and financial crisis , but uncertainty still remains , " the leaders said . "  We also face heightened challenges with regard to the protection of our environment and natural resources , including the necessity to jointly address climate change . " The summit also included the first formal talks between the Japanese prime minister Naoto Kan and the Chinese president Hu Jintao since a territorial dispute in September strained relations between the two . This weekend marks the end of Obama 's 10-day trip to Asia aimed at opening "  new markets for American products in this fast-growing part of the world , " according to his weekly address . He headed back to the United States on Sunday . At the summit , Obama added , "  In the 21st century , there is no need to view trade , commerce or economic growth as zero-sum games , where one country always has to prosper at the expense of another . If we work together and act together , strengthening our economic ties can be a win-win for all of our nations . " Obama has also pushed the Trans-Pacific Partnership , which is seen as a building block in trying to create a free-trade area in the Pacific Rim . The TPP would cut import tariffs for several countries . The United States is scheduled to host next year 's APEC summit in Hawaii . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	21 leaders wrap up a two-day economic summit in Yokohama , Japan The group also talks about a "  necessity to jointly address climate change " Obama ends a 10-day trip to Asia aimed at opening "  new markets for American products "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 14 people were killed and dozens more were wounded in explosions across Iraq on Saturday , officials said . A woman adjusts a memorial of plastic flowers this week at the bombed Foreign Affairs Ministry building . Nine police officers were killed and 19 wounded in a suicide bombing north of Baghdad on Saturday morning , local officials said . The incident occurred in the Salaheddin province town of al-Shirqat . Local police said the suspected bomber had been driving a minivan near the outer checkpoint of a police base . The bomber detonated when police opened fire , police said . Twenty shops and dozens of cars were damaged . Later in the evening , a motorcycle rigged with explosives detonated outside a busy coffee shop in a southeastern Baghdad district called New Baghdad , killing two and wounding 13 others , according to the Ministry of Interior . The attack occurred about 9 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  as people had gathered to break their fast for Islam 's holy month of Ramadan . In other violence Saturday , at least three people were killed and 40 wounded when a roadside bomb detonated in a marketplace in northern Iraq , an Interior Ministry official said . The bomb detonated in the town of Sinjar , a predominantly Yazidi town west of Mosul near the Syrian border . Yazidis are a minority group mainly concentrated in Iraq 's north and have been often targeted by insurgents . The deadliest attack since the start of the war was in August 2007 , when coordinated truck bombs hit Yazidi villages , killing more than 500 and wounding hundreds . Despite the improved security situation across the country , there has been a spike in attacks in recent weeks . Last week , two massive suicide truck bombs hit the foreign and finance ministries in Baghdad , killing at least 100 people and wounding hundreds more . The attacks come at a time when Iraqi security forces have come under a lot of criticism after they took control of security in cities and towns after the withdrawal of U.S. combat forces two months ago . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Nine police officers killed , 19 hurt in suicide attack in Iraq Interior Ministry official says bomber drove minivan into police station Motorcycle blows up outside coffee shop , killing two Roadside bomb kills three in marketplace near Syrian border
CNN  -- Missouri police are investigating the death of a 27-year-old woman whose body was found at the home of beer tycoon August Busch IV . Frontenac , Missouri , police officers got a 911 call just before 1:15 p.m. on Sunday , December 19 , about an unresponsive woman at a residence later identified as belonging to Busch , the town 's police chief , Thomas Becker , said in a press release . Paramedics and police officers arrived eight minutes later to find Adrienne Nicole Martin dead , "  with no apparent signs of trauma or other indications of cause of death , " Becker said . Busch 's lawyer , Art Margulis , described Martin as a friend of his client . "  There 's absolutely nothing here that would indicate that this occurred under any suspicious circumstances , " said Margulis . "  It 's a tragic death of a ... very nice young lady . " Frontenac police said they are investigating the death with help from the St. Louis County medical examiner . The community of about 3,500 people is 11 miles west of St. Louis . Martin was a model and aspiring art therapist , described as Native American on her page on iStudio.com , a service that says it serves "  the modeling , photography , and associated industries . " In the About Me section of her page , she writes that she had been in beauty pageants for years and "  would really like to do beer advertising . " Busch , 46 , became chief executive officer of Anheuser-Busch in December 2006 , after years of working in the company 's brewing , operations and marketing divisions . He was in charge in 2008 when Belgian brewer InBev engineered a $ 52 billion takeover of the then-St . Louis , Missouri , company . With that move , the combined Anheuser-Busch InBev became the world 's largest brewer . "  It was a very difficult time , when August Busch IV took over , " said Julie MacIntosh , author of the book "  Dethroning the King , " which focuses on the last decade of Anheuser-Busch . "  On a personal level , it was difficult for  August Busch IV  when the company was taken over . " He and several other members of his family , including his father and fellow former CEO August Busch III , took home tens of millions of dollars from the move , said MacIntosh . That also largely ended the Busch family 's long legacy in brewing , namely heading the legendary eastern Missouri institution known for its Budweiser and other brands . The story started with Adolphus Busch , the company founder and August Busch IV 's great-great-grandfather . August Busch IV is the only representative of the family -- and its former namesake company -- on the Anheuser-Busch InBev board of directors .	August Busch IV is the only member of his family on Anheuser-Busch InBev 's board The body of Adrienne Nicole Martin , 27 , is found in a Missouri home , police say The Frontenac home belongs to Busch , a former CEO of Anheuser-Busch Busch 's lawyer says there 's nothing suspicious in the "  tragic death ... of a nice young lady "
CNN  -- Erik Prince , the chairman and CEO of Blackwater USA , appeared Tuesday before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . Erik Prince , CEO and chairman of Blackwater USA , is sworn in Tuesday at a congressional hearing . The committee convened amid an FBI investigation into a September 16 shootout involving Blackwater personnel that resulted in the deaths of Iraqi civilians . Following is a transcript of Prince 's opening statement : Chairman -LSB- Henry -RSB- Waxman , -LSB- D-California -RSB- , Congressman -LSB- Thomas -RSB- Davis , -LSB- R-Virginia -RSB- , members of the committee , my name is Eric Prince , and I am the chairman and CEO of the Prince Group and Blackwater USA . Blackwater 's a team of dedicated professionals who provide training to America 's military and law enforcement communities and risk their lives to protect Americans in harm 's way overseas . Under the direction and oversight of the United States government , Blackwater provides an opportunity for military and law enforcement veterans with a record of honorable service to continue their support to the United States . Words alone can not express the respect I have for these brave men and women who defend -- who volunteer to defend U.S. personnel facilities and diplomatic missions . I am proud to be there to represent them today . After almost five years in active service as a U.S. Navy SEAL , I founded Blackwater in 1997 . I wanted to offer the military and law enforcement communities assistance by providing expert instruction and world-class training venues . Ten years later , Blackwater trains approximately 500 members of the United States military and law enforcement agencies every day . After 9/11 , when the U.S. began its stabilization efforts in Afghanistan and then Iraq , the United States government called upon Blackwater to fill a need for protective services in hostile areas . Blackwater responded immediately . We are extremely proud of answering that call in supporting our country . Blackwater personnel supporting our overseas missions are all military and law enforcement veterans , many of whom have recent military deployments . No individual ever protected by Blackwater has ever been killed or seriously injured . There is no better evidence of the skill and dedication of these men . At the same time , 30 brave men have made the ultimate sacrifice while working for Blackwater and its affiliates . Numerous others have been wounded and permanently maimed . The entire Blackwater family mourns the loss of these brave lives . Our thoughts and our prayers are with their families . The areas of Iraq in which we operate are particularly dangerous and challenging . Blackwater personnel are subject to regular attacks by terrorists and other nefarious forces within Iraq . We 're the targets of the same ruthless enemies that have killed more than 3,800 American military personnel and thousands of innocent Iraqis . Any incident where Americans are attacked serves as a reminder of the hostile environment in which our professionals work to keep American officials and dignitaries safe , including visiting members of Congress . In doing so , more American service members are available to fight the enemy . Blackwater shares the committee 's interest in ensuring the accountability and oversight of contract personnel supporting U.S. operations . The company 's personnel are already accountable under and subject to numerous statutes , treaties and regulations of the United States . Blackwater looks forward to working with Congress and the executive branch to ensure that any necessary improvements to these laws and policies are implemented . The worldwide personnel protection services contract , which has been provided to this committee , was competitively awarded and details almost every aspect of operation and contract performance , including the hiring , vetting guidelines , background checks , screening , training standards , rules of force and conduct standards . In Iraq , Blackwater reports to the embassy 's regional security officer , or RSO . All Blackwater movements and operations are directed by the RSO . In conjunction with internal company procedures and controls , the RSO ensures that Blackwater complies with all relevant contractual terms and conditions , as well as any applicable laws and regulations . We have approximately 1,000 professionals serving today in Iraq as part of our nation 's total force . Blackwater does not engage in offensive or military missions but performs only defensive security functions . My understanding of the September 16 incident is that the Department of State and the FBI are conducting a full investigation , but those results are not yet available . We at Blackwater welcome the FBI review announced yesterday , and we will cooperate fully and look forward to receiving their conclusions . I just want to put some other things in perspective . A recent report from the Department of State stated that in 2007 Blackwater conducted 1,873 security details for diplomatic visits to the red zone , areas outside the Green Zone in Iraq , and there have been only 56 incidences in which weapons were discharged , or less than 3 percent of all movements . In 2006 , Blackwater conducted over 6,500 diplomatic movements in the Red Zone . Weapons were discharged in less than 1 percent of those missions . To the extent there is any loss of innocent life , ever , let me be clear that I consider that tragic . Every life , whether American or Iraqi , is precious . I stress to the committee and to the American public , however , that I believe we acted appropriately at all times . I am prepared to answer your questions . E-mail to a friend	Erik Prince , CEO of Blackwater USA , testifies before House panel Hearings held amid an FBI probe into a shootout involving Blackwater personnel Prince : "  I believe we acted appropriately at all times "
CNN  -- In the wake of a multi-million-dollar online scam , more than 300,000 computer users worldwide could find themselves without Web access this summer . Luckily for them , it will only take a few clicks to clean things up . The FBI announced that it 's created a website where users can check whether they 're infected with malware and remove it if they are . Check your computer here -- http://www.dcwg.org . The site was at times difficult to access on Monday , presumably due to heavy traffic . Let us explain : In November , six Estonian nationals were arrested on charges of fraud after a two-year FBI probe called Operation Ghost Click . They 're accused of infecting computers worldwide with malware called DNS Changer , which opened up the computers to viruses . The alleged crooks used the access to direct users to their own servers and manipulate online advertising , racking up more than $ 14 million in illegal income , according to the FBI . "  They were organized and operating as a traditional business but profiting illegally as the result of the malware , " an unnamed FBI agent said in a news release about the arrests . "  There was a level of complexity here that we have n't seen before . " The FBI originally estimated the scam had hit millions of computers worldwide , but has since scaled back those estimates to hundreds of thousands . They think about 350,000 computers are still infected , including 85,000 in the United States . The U.S. computers included some at government agencies , including NASA . Last month , the FBI announced that it had set up temporary "  clean " servers to make sure the users impacted by the attack did n't lose Web access . Those servers will be shut down on July 9 , and anyone still infected will be unable to access the Internet afterward . If it had merely shut down the rogue servers , many of those infected would n't have been able to access the Web at all , the FBI said . Most infected users on the FBI servers may not have noticed anything different , although the malware itself may have made their Web access slower and disabled their anti-virus software . Domain Name System , or DNS , servers are what online computers visit to reach the website they are seeking . By routing them to rogue servers , criminals can control which websites a computer visits . By visiting the website set up by the FBI , users can click to see if their computer is infected . An image with a green background appears if they 're OK , while a red one shows up if they 're not . If infected , they 're then directed to information on how to remove the malware . The case against the accused scammers is still pending in federal court . One of them was extradited last week from Estonia to New York to face charges .	Hundreds of thousands could lose Web access after a multi-million-dollar malware scam FBI set up temporary servers so users would n't lose their Internet access Those servers will be shut down on July 9 FBI has set up a site to see if you 're infected and to help you fix your computer
President Barack Obama praised basketball star LeBron James for wearing an "  I Ca n't Breathe " protest shirt during his pre-game warmup last week . "  You know , I think LeBron did the right thing , " Obama told People magazine in their issue out Friday . "  We forget the role that Muhammad Ali , Arthur Ashe and Bill Russell played in raising consciousness . " The Cleveland Cavaliers player wore the shirt , which shows support for Eric Garner , the unarmed African American man who died after a white police officer put him in a chokehold , before the Cavaliers played the Brooklyn Nets on Dec. 8 . RELATED : Obamas say they 're still affected by everyday racism Other athletes in both major league and college sports have worn the shirts , and others protesting the recent deaths of African Americans at the hands of white police officers , during warmups in recent weeks , prompting controversy and some criticism from police . But Obama encouraged other athletes to speak out on issues important to them . "  We went through a long stretch there where -LSB- with -RSB- well-paid athletes the notion was : just be quiet and get your endorsements and do n't make waves , " Obama said . "  LeBron is an example of a young man who has , in his own way and in a respectful way , tried to say , ` I 'm part of this society , too ' and focus attention . "  I 'd like to see more athletes do that , " he added . "  Not just around this issue , but around a range of issues . "	LeBron James wore an "  I Ca n't Breathe " shirt , meant to protest Eric Garner 's death The shirt has drawn criticism from police officers President Obama endorsed it , and called for more athletes to speak out
CNN  -- The Bahrain Grand Prix will not go ahead after organizers said Friday that they had abandoned plans to re-schedule the race later this year . Bahrain were to host the opening race of the 2011 Formula One season on March 13 , but it was postponed on February 21 after civil unrest in the gulf kingdom . Last week , the World Motor Sport Council re-instated the race and gave it a provisional date of October 30 . The decision drew widespread criticism and former FIA president Max Mosley told CNN Tuesday that he would be "  astonished " if the race proceeded . Red Bull driver Mark Webber also weighed in , telling his official website : "  I 'll be highly surprised if the Bahrain Grand Prix goes ahead this year . " The Formula One Teams Association also confirmed to CNN Tuesday that they had written to world governing body the FIA , Formula One commercial boss Bernie Ecclestone and the Bahrain International Circuit to express their views on the issue . The Bahrain circuit 's chairman Zayed R Alzayani confirmed their decision in a statement on their official website Friday . It read : "  Whilst Bahrain would have been delighted to see the grand prix progress on October 30th in-line with the World Motor Sport Council 's decision , it has been made clear that this fixture can not progress and we fully respect that decision . "  Bahrain has absolutely no desire to see a race which would further extend the calendar season detract from the enjoyment of F1 for either drivers , teams or supporters , " he said . The inaugural Indian Grand Prix , scheduled for the October 30 slot at a new circuit on the outskirts of New Delhi , was set to be pushed back to December but can now go ahead on its original date . About 30 people have died during protests in Bahrain , according to figures from the government , opposition figures and human rights groups . Opposition and human rights groups say the government has detained more than 1,000 people . A state of emergency was lifted last week and Bahrain Grand Prix organizers remain hopeful that they can stage a race in 2011 . "  We look forward to welcoming teams , their drivers and supporters back to Bahrain next year , " read the statement .	Bahrain Grand Prix organizers abandon plans to stage a race this year Race had been given a provisional new date of October 30 Decision by World Motor Sport Council was widely criticized Civil unrest in gulf kingdom has left about 30 people dead
CNN  -- Keeping Sumatran tigers , orangutans and elephants in captivity is not an ideal situation . These animals should be in the wild . The problem is , their habitat is dwindling to such a low level , and it 's often safer for the animals to live in captivity . The habitat for critically endangered Sumatran tigers has dwindled so much and poaching is such a large threat that there are more Sumatran tigers in captivity than live in the wild . As the number of tigers decrease , the captive tigers are the species ' only hope for survival . There are those animals living in captivity that ca n't be released back into the wild . These are animals with diseases or defects like tigers that were rescued from poacher 's snares . Many of these tigers are missing paws and parts of their legs . In the wild , they would have difficulty finding food and escaping danger . In this case , the tigers are put in zoos or sanctuaries like Taman Safari Indonesia featured in Expedition : Sumatra . Read more : The battle to save Sumatra 's elephants Animals in sanctuaries like this can serve an important purpose . They are ambassadors of their kind , educators of sorts for people to learn about them . The more people know about these animals and hear about the problems these animals face in the wild , the less likely they will want to kill them or destroy their habitat . The animals also inspire fundraising for the important work conservationist groups are doing to preserve these species . Captive animals also have another important role . In the wild , as populations decline , animals start to mate with their close relatives creating problems associated with inbreeding . When sanctuaries and zoos breed these animals , they make sure to do it with the genetic diversity of the species in mind . It is all a proactive approach that could prevent the extinction of the species . Read more : The final days of the Sumatran tiger ? It 's the sad truth that humans are causing and trying to the problem of animal population loss . Some of us are turning the rainforest into giant palm oil plantations and some of us are working to save that rainforest . Some of us are killing the tigers to sell their skins and some of us are taking care of disabled baby tigers in captivity to make sure the species does n't go extinct . We humans are at war with ourselves and it 's a war the endangered Sumatran wildlife is slowing losing . Without some kind of action to stop poaching and habitat loss , the critically endangered Sumatran elephants , orangutans and tigers will slowly and quietly decline . These once majestic species will only be seen behind a barrier at a zoo . Eventually , the species will go extinct . That 's what conservationists at sanctuaries and zoos as well as non-profit groups like WWF are pushing so hard to stop . Education through the animal ambassadors in captivity is one way to help reverse the trend and hopefully save the species from irradiation .	There are more Sumatran tigers in captivity than live in the wild Keeping animals in sanctuaries can serve an important purpose , says Jenni Watts They help people learn about animals and inspire fundraising efforts Without action all endangered species will have to live behind bars
CNN  -- E-P-I-C . S-P-E-L-L-I-N-G . C-O-M-P-E-T-I-T-I-O-N . Two Missouri students went more than 60 rounds Saturday in a spelling bee that had to be called because organizers ran out of words . The battle was between Sophia Hoffman , a fifth-grader at Highland Park Elementary , and Kush Sharma , a seventh-grader at Frontier School of Innovation . It was held at the Plaza Branch of the Kansas City Public Library . "  We did n't want to just go through the dictionary and give them more words . We feared that someone would get a word that was too easy while the other would get an extremely difficult word . We wanted to be a bit more calculated and neutral , and we wanted to give each an equal opportunity , " said Mary Olive Thompson , outreach coordinator for Kansas City Public Library . The original pool of 25 students was quickly whittled to just Sophia and Kush . The two will go head to head again next month for a spot in the Scripps National Spelling Bee . The program provides a list of words for contests across the country . Sophia and Kush burned through that list , as well as 20 other words organizers picked from the dictionary when they realized it was possible they might need more words , Thompson said . "  The officials were fatigued . The kids were n't tired . They had endless energy and were doing an amazing job , " she added . Kush ca n't remember exactly what word was the hardest for him to spell -- something French that started with an "  R. " He told CNN he will work hard for the rematch and would study every free minute of the day if he scores a place in the national bee . "  I 'm looking forward to seeing how far Sophia can push me and how far my skills can go , " he said . For Sophia , the most difficult word was schadenfreude , which describes the enjoyment one can get from someone else 's bad luck . She knows how to spell the word , but she apparently does n't feel it . "  Kush worked really hard . I wish we could both go  to the national competition  , " Sophia said . CNN 's Matt Stucker contributed to this report	Sophia Hoffman , Kush Sharma are competing for a spot in the Scripps National Spelling Bee They went more than 60 rounds in a contest that was called after organizers ran out of words Sophia : "  Kush worked really hard . I wish we could both go  to the national competition  "
CNN  -- This week marked a watershed event in the transfer of power from large companies to everyday people . When Bank of America proposed a $ 5 monthly debit fee in September , bank executives could only hope the customer backlash would n't be too extreme . But 22-year-old Molly Katchpole , a recent college graduate working two part-time jobs , was incredulous that a bank just bailed out by American taxpayers would add a new fee to increase its profits while it laid off employees . Katchpole did n't just get mad ; she decided to take action by launching a petition on Change.org to stop the fee . Katchpole knew she was n't the only one fed up with the banks ' overreach , and thought that if enough customers joined her campaign , Bank of America would be forced to listen . The response was overwhelming . Within a month , more than 300,000 people from all 50 states had joined Katchpole 's campaign , Bank of America 's Facebook and Twitter properties were deluged with negative comments and media coverage started pouring in . A Bank of America executive personally called Katchpole to try to address her concerns and its CEO had to defend his consumer-unfriendly plan on national television as complaints mounted from bank customers and others . Katchpole 's campaign also inspired dozens of other people to start their own petitions on Change.org challenging their own banks to drop new proposed fees . Within weeks , other major financial institutions like Wells Fargo , Citi , and JPMorgan Chase bowed to the public pressure and dropped their debit fee plans . Finally , on Tuesday , Katchpole woke up in her shared Washington apartment to an incredible announcement : Bank of America was dropping its fee because of massive "  customer concerns . " The campaign to get Bank of America to drop its fees had won . Ten years ago , companies could make unilateral decisions without worrying much about their customers organizing against them . A customer like Katchpole might have reacted to Bank of America 's new fee by changing banks , but there would have been no way for her to connect to hundreds of thousands of other disaffected customers to enact a coordinated response . Social media has radically changed this dynamic , and tools like Change.org , Facebook and Twitter empower everyday people like Katchpole to launch , drive and win campaigns against even the largest corporations in ways not previously possible . This power shift is already starting to have deep impact . It 's not just that companies are now forced to publicly face concerns expressed by mobilized customers ; it 's that the knowledge that any significant decision will be exposed and could result in coordinated backlash is causing companies to pre-emptively change their policies to better reflect the interests of their customers and stakeholders . This is not just good news for consumers -- it 's good for society . With hundreds of new campaigns started every day on Change.org , we see this impact up close . Companies not only regularly contact us to see how they can address concerns raised by people who petition them through our platform , but they also let us know they are pre-emptively addressing concerns that Change.org members are petitioning their competitors to change . Although companies have enormous influence over our communities , ranging from the environment to public health to workers rights to politics , they are often largely unaccountable on these issues . But in a world where social media is making the actions of companies transparent and enabling consumers to hold them accountable through frictionless mass mobilization , this is changing . As a result , companies will increasingly have a choice : Do the right thing or face the wrath of a million Molly Katchpoles . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Rattray .	Bank of America drops its plan to charge a $ 5 debit card fee Ben Rattray : 22-year-old Molly Katchpole 's campaign helped make a difference He says social media offer people the chance to affect decisions of giant firms Rattray : From now on , companies will be more alert to customers ' views
CNN  -- Didier Drogba came off the bench to rescue a point for Ivory Coast as they drew 1-1 with Malawi on Saturday to book their place at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Didier Drogba scored for Ivory Coast as they drew 1-1 with Malawi to book their place at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Ivory Coast needed only a point from their match with the bottom-placed team in African qualifying Group E but found themselves a goal down in the 64th minute when Jacob Ngwira put the hosts ahead at the Kamuzu Stadium in Blantyre . Elephants coach Vahid Halilhodzic responded by throwing on Chelsea striker Drogba who was able to level the scores in the 67th minute . Malawi pushed for a winner as the second half wore on but were unable to add to the score and Ivory Coast secured the point they required for qualification . The result brought Ivory Coast 's 100 percent run in the group to an end but ensured they will feature in the World Cup Finals for a second time following their debut appearance in 2006 . Malawi also improved their chances of qualifying for the African Cup of Nations by moving third with four points , just behind Burkina Faso who have six and Guinea who are now last with three points . Elsewhere in the African qualifying zone Egypt recorded a 1-0 win over Zambia in their Group C clash in Konkola to potentially set up a deciding match with Algeria in Cairo next month . Egypt were on the back foot in the first half and were indebted to goalkeeper Essam El-Hadary who frustrated the Zambia fans with several fine saves as the visitors struggled to get to grips with the pitch at the Konkola Stadium . But the Pharaohs were a much-improved side after the half-time break and Hosny Abd-Rabou secured all three points with the only goal of the game in the 68th minute . Egypt defender Sayed Moawad laid off the ball for Abd-Rabou to fire a powerful right-footed shot past Zambia goalkeeper Kennedy Mweene and into the top corner of the net . The result means qualification will go right down to the wire even if Algeria take maximum points from their clash with bottom side Rwanda on Sunday and go three points clear of Egypt at the top of the group . Cameroon moved a step closer to qualification as they remained top of Group A with an emphatic 3-0 victory over Togo in Yaounde . The Indomitable Lions took the lead in the 32nd minute through Newcastle midfielder Geremi when he smashed home the rebound after Togo goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale had saved his initial shot from the penalty spot . Lyon 's Jean Makoun doubled the advantage two minutes after the interval after he tapped home following a mazy dribble by Samuel Eto'o and Achille Emana made the points safe in the 52nd minute with a low drive . Gabon remain a point behind Cameroon after they clinched a 3-1 win over Morocco in Libreville having taken the lead after Hicham Mahdoufi put through his own net moments before half-time . Eric Mouloungou and Daniel Cousin gave Gabon a three-goal lead before Adel Taarabt pulled one back for Morocco with a late consolation . Paul Le Guen 's Cameroon side , who had looked doubtful to qualify when he took over , are in pole position at the top of the group with 10 points ahead of Gabon on nine , Togo on five and Morocco with three .	Striker Didier Drogba scored as Ivory Coast drew 1-1 with Malawi in Blantyre The result ensured Ivory Cost qualified for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa Egypt kept alive their qualification hopes with a 1-0 win over Zambia in Konkola Cameroon moved a step closer to qualification after their 3-0 win over Togo
CNN  -- The Libyan government argued Tuesday that it should not have to hand over Saif al-Islam Gadhafi to the International Criminal Court because the court in the Hague , Netherlands , does not have jurisdiction in the case . Gadhafi , son of deposed strongman Moammar Gadhafi , was facing an arrest warrant from the ICC for alleged crimes against humanity at the time of his capture in November 2011 . The court is still seeking to prosecute him and wants him handed over . Gadhafi has been held in the Libyan city of Zintan since his capture . The two-day hearing is being held in the Hague . Read more : Libya granted more time on Gadhafi question The ICC has demanded that Libya hand Gadhafi over to face accusations of crimes against humanity . Libya appealed the decision , saying that he should be tried at home . Court-appointed attorneys Melinda Taylor and Xavier-Jean Keita said in April that Gadhafi has been mistreated and "  physically attacked " since his capture . Live blog : Gadhafi releases taped message In a strongly worded statement , the lawyers described Gadhafi as being in a legal black hole , held in total isolation except for visits from officials . He also suffers dental pain because he has n't had treatment , and Libyan authorities have given him nothing to remedy the pain , the lawyers said . The Libyan government wants to prosecute Gadhafi itself , as it "  regards the trial of Saif al-Islam and Abdullah al-Senussi as a matter of the highest national importance , not only in bringing justice for the Libyan people but also in demonstrating that the new Libyan justice system is capable of conducting fair trials  that meet all applicable international standards  in complex cases . " Al-Senussi , who was Libya 's chief of intelligence under Moammar Gadhafi 's , is wanted by both the ICC and the Libyan government . He was arrested in Mauritania in March . Read more : Libyans celebrate capture of Gadhafi 's son Saif al-Islam The appeal document also seeks to answer ICC concerns about Saif al-Islam Gadhafi 's well-being , saying the government "  has expended considerable resources in order to ensure the safe and secure temporary custody " of Gadhafi in Zintan and is negotiating to bring him to the capital , where facilities would be better . Amnesty International has previously called on Libya to hand over Gadhafi . "  An unfair trial before a Libyan court where the accused could face the death penalty is no way to guarantee justice and accountability , " the rights group said . Amnesty has said that Libya does not have a functioning court system and the country was "  unable to conduct effective investigations , " so "  the ICC will be crucial in delivering accountability in Libya . " Libya and the ICC have been going back and forth since his capture about where Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , once his father 's heir apparent , will be tried . Moammar Gadhafi died after his capture by opposition forces a year ago .	The two-day hearing is scheduled to run through Wednesday Libyan authorities want to try the son of late strongman Moammar Gadhafi in Libya Libya and the ICC have been arguing over his case since his arrest last November
Editor 's note : The Rev. Donald Cozzens is writer in residence and adjunct professor of theology at John Carroll University in Cleveland , Ohio . A priest of the Diocese of Cleveland with a doctoral degree , he is the author of several books on the Catholic Church , including "  Sacred Silence : Denial and the Crisis in the Church " and "  Freeing Celibacy , " both published by Liturgical Press . For another view on this topic , read here . The Rev. Donald Cozzens says the debate over celibacy for priests will be around for decades . CNN  -- It 's an issue that simply wo n't go away . In spite of signals from the Vatican discouraging even discussions of obligatory celibacy for Catholic priests , the almost 1,000-year-old rule is under the microscope . And it will be for decades to come . Here 's why . In the Catholic tradition , even though sex is cast as sinful unless expressed in the conjugal embrace of husband and wife , it is held as fundamentally good , a part of God 's creation . The church even holds that marriage  including spousal lovemaking  is a sacrament -- something sacred that contributes to the sanctity of husbands and wives . In light of this official teaching , it is dawning on many Catholics that mandatory celibacy for priests , a canonically imposed discipline of the church , is precisely that -- a discipline . They are asking , "  How is it that a discipline of the church has been allowed to trump a sacrament of the church ? " In effect , the church is saying that should God call a man to the priesthood , God will not , at the same time , call that individual to the sacrament of marriage . It 's right to ask , how does the church know this ? Public opinion surveys indicate that most Catholics , priests included , believe the discipline of celibacy needs a serious review . Recently the retired archbishop of New York , Cardinal Edward Egan , observed that obligatory celibacy is open for discussion . It is not , Egan noted , a matter of dogma . For decades now , bishops from Asia , Europe and the Americas have asked Vatican officials to consider optional celibacy for priests . The church 's official response is consistent and succinct : As a precious gift from God , the discipline of celibacy for priests will remain in place . This , in spite of the inherent paradox lying just below the claim that the gift of celibacy is a precious gift of God to the priesthood and the church : How can a gift be legislated ? The church answers that if a man is called to the priesthood , God will grant him the gift of celibacy . Many priests today wonder how church leaders know this . Reading the mind of God in this matter -- in any matter of church discipline -- is risky business . More and more Catholics today are coming to understand that celibacy as a universal law for priests had its origins in the 12th century and that during the church 's first millennium , priests and bishops -- and at least thirty-nine popes -- were married . Still , most well-read cradle Catholics are surprised to learn that St. Anastasius , pope from 399 to 401 , was succeeded by his son , Pope St. Innocent I , and that a century later Pope St. Hormisdas ' son , St. Silverius , also was elected to the papacy . Even in our secular world , it 's common to speak of church-based ministry as a calling , a vocation . Is n't it possible that God would call an individual to the priesthood and to the sacrament of marriage ? God apparently did so for more than half the church 's history . How do we know that God is n't doing so today ? For some years now I 've been teaching in the religious studies department at John Carroll University in Cleveland . I 've asked dozens of serious , healthy young students if they have given any thought to being a priest . They seem flattered by the question . With only one exception , each has answered , "  Yes , I 've thought about being a priest , but I want a family . " There are , of course , other factors , urgent and pressing , that will keep the celibacy issue alive . The Catholic priesthood is aging . The average age of active priests hovers at 60 , and if retired priests are factored in , it is considerably higher . Moreover , Catholic seminaries are lucky to be half full . Parish staffing challenges alone will press for a review of the celibacy rule . Catholic bishops simply do not have enough priests to meet the pastoral and sacramental needs of the Catholic faithful . Closing and merging parishes may offer some temporary relief for overworked priests , but the shortfall of priests will continue to challenge the vitality of Catholic parishes and the health of Catholic clergy for decades to come . But the most human , existential factor that should keep the celibacy issue on the table is the spiritual and emotional health of priests . Celibacy really is n't the issue -- mandatory or obligatory celibacy is . There are many priests who do possess the gift of celibacy -- it is their "  truth " so to speak -- and their humanity , warmth and pastoral effectiveness give abundant evidence of their authentic celibate lives . But there remain other priests who believe deep down they are called to the priesthood but not to celibacy . And for these men , the burden of mandated celibacy threatens their spiritual and emotional well-being . The priesthood may be their "  truth , " but mandated celibacy wraps them in a cloak of loneliness and struggle . I do n't know Father Alberto Cutie . He appears to have touched the lives of many and preached the gospel with power and conviction . I suspect he feels called by God to be a priest , but not a celibate priest . Surely he knows that Easter Rite Catholic priests are allowed to marry and that the church welcomes into the priesthood married convert ministers from other Christian denominations . Surely he knows that in many parts of the Catholic world , clerical celibacy is openly flouted , and church authorities choose not to notice . I wonder if church officials understand the burden they place on the shoulders of a man who believes he is called to priestly ministry but not to celibacy . Certainly , a married priesthood will have burdens of its own and , sadly , scandals of its own -- infidelity and abuse among others . But it should be left to the individual priest and seminarian to determine whether or not he is blessed with the gift of celibacy . A mandated "  gift , " after all , is really no gift at all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the Rev. Donald Cozzens .	The Rev. Donald Cozzens : Celibacy is 1,000 years old but not intrinsic to the church Many popes were married in the first millennium of the church , Cozzens says Cozzens says church views marriage as sacred ; why should priests be denied it ? Cozzens : Celibacy is a gift that should be optional , not mandated by the church
CNN  -- This is getting ridiculous . While the threat of Ebola is very real in Africa , the paranoia it 's generated in the United States is unreal . You can count the number of documented cases in America on two hands -- and still have fingers to spare . There are eight confirmed cases . And in each one , the patient was either infected in Liberia or Sierra Leone , or had contact with Thomas Eric Duncan , the Liberian returnee who 's the sole fatality of the disease in the U.S. Health care professionals , both within the government and those with little reason to parrot a party line , insist that the chances of any of us catching the virus are minuscule . If we really need something to worry about , they say , worry about getting your flu shots . From 1976 through 2007 , flu-related causes killed between 3,000 and 49,000 people in the U.S. And yet , the disproportionate hysteria over Ebola multiplies contagiously . Mel Robbins , a CNN commentator and legal analyst , has given it a name : Fear-bola . "  Fear-bola attacks the part of the brain responsible for rational thinking , " she says . "  It starts with a low-grade concern about the two health care workers diagnosed with Ebola in Dallas and slowly builds into fear of a widespread epidemic in the United States . " Complete coverage of the Ebola outbreak How bad is it ? So bad that nearly two thirds of those queried in a Washington Post/ABC News poll said they 're concerned about an epidemic in the U.S. . So bad that the Centers for Disease Control , in the first week of October , fielded 800 calls from concerned Americans . So bad that even after a Dallas lab worker -- who isolated herself in her cabin during a Carnival Cruise because she may have possibly handled Duncan 's clinical specimen -- was cleared , the Moore , Oklahoma , Public Schools asked students and faculty who were on the same cruise not to come to school . Here are some more examples of our overreaction : From Nigeria ? Not this year Navarro College , a two-year college about 60 miles from Dallas , sent out rejection letters to some applicants from Nigeria because the country had a few Ebola cases . "  With sincere regret , I must report that Navarro College is not able to offer you acceptance for the Spring 2015 term , " the letter read . "  Unfortunately , Navarro College is not accepting international students from countries with confirmed Ebola cases . " The college called it "  the responsible thing to do . " "  At this time , we believe it is the responsible thing to do to postpone our recruitment in those nations that the Center for Disease Control and the U.S. State Department have identified as at risk . " Incidentally , Nigeria had 19 cases , but none in the last 43 days . In fact , the World Health Organization declared it Ebola-free on Monday . Who shouts ` Ebola ' on a plane ? Get sick in a parking lot , force a shutdown A woman boarded a shuttle bus in a Pentagon parking lot Thursday , got off and vomited . A hazmat team responded , the area was cordoned off , military officials going to a Marine Corps ceremony were temporarily quarantined , the woman was put into isolation . A Pentagon spokesman said it was "  out of an abundance of caution . " The woman did n't have Ebola . Get sick on a plane , stay in the bathroom A passenger who vomited in the aisle of an American Airlines plane from Dallas to Chicago was allegedly told to stay in the lavatory for the rest of the flight . "  They told her to stay in the bathroom , and she stayed in the bathroom , " Martha Selby , a University of Texas professor who was on the flight , told the Houston Chronicle . "  They said , ` We ca n't let you out . ' " The airlines told the paper that the woman wanted to stay in the bathroom , and that "  there were no concerns related to Ebola . " The woman did n't have Ebola . Go to a conference , go on leave An elementary school teacher in Maine was put on 21 days ' leave - the incubation period for Ebola -- because she went to Dallas for an education conference . While there , she stayed at a hotel about 10 miles from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital , where a patient died of the disease . Still , parents were concerned , and the school district said it obliged . Here 's how the Portland Press Herald put it into perspective : About 5 million Americans passed through Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport in August , the latest month for which statistics are available . The woman , of course , did n't have Ebola . What 's more contagious than Ebola ? Concern about its spread Go to a funeral , go on vacation A middle school principal in Hazelhurst , Mississippi , who went to his brother 's funeral in Africa is now on a weeklong paid vacation . Why ? Because parents pulled their kids out of school Friday once they learned of the trip . And where in Africa did the principal go ? Zambia , which has reported a total of zero Ebola cases . The principal did n't have ... you know the rest . Do n't like the team , taunt the player A West African high school soccer player in Nazareth , Pennsylvania , was taunted with chants of "  Ebola " by players of the opposing team during a game earlier this month . The opposing team 's head coach and assistant coach resigned the next day . The player ... so on and so forth . What 's more disturbing than Ebola ? The outrageous commentary Yell ` Ebola , ' trigger panic Last week , a masked man in a Los Angeles public bus yelled , "  Do n't mess with me , I have Ebola ! " The bus driver was quarantined and the bus taken out of service . The man disappeared . But officials doubt he has Ebola . Pat down = paid leave A TSA agent at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport is now on paid administrative leave because he/she pat down Amber Vinson . She 's one of the nurses who contracted Ebola after treating Duncan . And before her illness was apparent , she took a Frontier Airlines flight to Cleveland , then a flight back to Dallas . The agent wore gloves during the pat down , the TSA told Newsnet5 in Cleveland . And yet , the leave was "  out of an abundance of caution . " Never mind that Ebola is only spread through direct contact with blood , sweat , feces , vomit , semen and saliva . And the uninfected person would have to have a break in the skin that would allow entry of the virus . The agent has n't shown signs of Ebola . Game the system , stoke hysteria A newly booked inmate in the Clark County Detention Center in Las Vegas hit on a novel way to be spared the gen pop : Tell the guards you just got back from Africa and you 're experiencing Ebola-like symptoms . He was taken away from other inmates to a hospital , the staff put on protective gear , the area was decontaminated , CNN affiliate News 3 reported Sunday . Turns out , the guy not only did n't have Ebola , he 's never been out of the U.S. , let alone to Africa . ------ The examples go on and on , and each new day brings a couple of fresh ones . And with flu season coming up -- with its symptoms of fever , ache and fatigue that are very similar to Ebola 's -- expect the hysteria to ramp up . "  All we 've known of Ebola is that it 's some exotic disease in a faraway land that kills people in a very gruesome way . That 's all we knew about it -- most Americans did -- until a couple of months ago , " says CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  So , it 's going to take some time to reset some of that thinking . " Until then , perhaps we 'll all benefit from this handy quiz : .	A college sends rejection letters to applicants from Nigeria A teacher who went to a conference in Dallas is put on leave A principal who went to his brother 's funeral in Africa is now on vacation A TSA agent who patted down Amber Vinson is sent home
CNN  -- If an e-mail popped up in your inbox promising a house for $ 100 , you 'd expect to see it sent from a guy in Nigeria asking you to wire him several thousand dollars first . Zeb Smith lies on his front lawn and spends a quiet afternoon with his neighbors . But this depressed housing market dream is real . And Detroit , Michigan , artist Jon Brumit and his wife , Sarah , are living it . The couple never counted on owning a home . "  It 's not that we have a little money , " Jon Brumit said , laughing . "  I 'm saying we have no money . " But the couple began entertaining the idea of a permanent nest when their friends Mitch Cope and Gina Reichert , also artists , started taking advantage of foreclosures in the city , where the average home price dipped to $ 11,533 in April , according to the Detroit Association of Realtors . Dragging down the average are homes that are long abandoned or foreclosed on that are selling for pennies on the dollar . Detroit already had the lowest market value houses in Michigan before the latest rounds of job losses at GM and other huge employers , market analysts say . "  Those artists are doing a good thing ; they are at least helping to stabilize neighborhoods that would be all but lost , " said Mike Shedlock , an investment adviser who blogs frequently about Detroit 's economy . For less than a few thousand dollars , Cope and Reichert snapped up a dilapidated bungalow in a north Detroit neighborhood called "  BanglaTown , " for its unexpected mix of Bangladeshis , African-Americans , Polish and Ukrainians and the occasional shady character . Scrappers had cleaned the house to the bone . The copper had been stolen ; the electrical wiring was stripped . But no matter . Here was a chance for Cope and Reichert , who run a popular Detroit art store , to rehabilitate the 1920s brick house into a bastion of energy savings , with solar panels , LED lights , recycled wood and high-end insulated windows . They 're installing a security system that exemplifies elegant efficiency with hurricane-proof windows and steel doors replacing burglar bars . They are also experimenting with running their air-conditioning on a car battery . The project became known as the Power House . Cope and Reichert wanted to create a central place to power homes nearby and , in turn , revive a neighborhood 's sense of community . The trick was getting their friends not only to cheer the concept but invest in it by moving next door . "  It was much easier than we thought it might be , " Cope said . "  We told everyone that Detroit is an interesting city to work in as an artist , and the neighborhood is diverse . But , really , it came down to money . " "  I kept telling Mitch , ` Wow those are an awesome , ridiculously good deals but if you find anything that 's less , let me know , " Brumit said . "  Like , if something comes along for next to nothing , cool . " A few weeks later , Cope e-mailed Brumit a photo of an abandoned home on his block . Its windows were boarded up and plywood was nailed across the front door . The huge hole in the roof was courtesy of the fire department . A neighbor said the house had been set on fire -- twice . Pricetag : $ 100 . Brumit called a real estate agent with the Department of Housing and Urban Development , who confirmed that bids on the foreclosed property started at $ 95 for the property , $ 5 for the house . There were no back taxes -- no one seemed to be sure who once owned the house , it had been empty for so long , Brumit said . Cope , also a designer and builder , and an inspector did a walk-through . "  Inspection was fine and Mitch told me the foundation was good , " Brumit said . "  He just said , ` If you did n't mind scraping some peeling paint , doing some surface treatments , putting in new utilities , windows and repairing the roof ... this could be pretty interesting . ' " Now , when he 's not hauling loads of rubble away or knocking out walls to create a single , open studio space , Brumit 's searching Craigslist for a furnace . In exchange for designing the business Web site of a local barn recycler , he 's getting materials to turn that hole in his roof into a skylight . "  I saw it as a project , " the artist said . "  I 'm a builder . I 've been building skateboards since I was 12 . " Skateboards are one thing . Rebuilding homes where the plumbing has been ripped out or the cabinets destroyed in a fit by an upset foreclosed homeowner is another . Michigan housing authorities acknowledge that there 's little incentive for people who are n't quite as handy as Brumit . In two weeks , the state will begin offering $ 25,000 to anyone who buys a home , as long as they pay 1 percent of the total cost and live in it . Landlords or speculators are n't eligible . Part of a $ 263 million grant given to Michigan and other states under 2008 's Housing and Economic Recovery Act , the funds are intended to help buyers bring trashed properties up to code , according to Mary Townley , a director with the Michigan State Housing Development Authority . She and other housing officials CNN spoke with said Michigan 's economy has some extremely frustrating woes . A report from the nonprofit think tank Brookings Institution said Detroit had the lowest performing economy out of 100 U.S. cities it analyzed -- scoring the worst in unemployment and average wages , the highest foreclosure rates and the lowest market value homes . The artists in BanglaTown are careful to say they are not looking to change a city . Their goal is simply to improve a neighborhood , one house at a time . New neighbors , freelance photographer Corine Vermeulen-Smith and her husband Zeb Smith , a designer , are always checking out www.freecycle.com , where a stainless steel kitchen sink can be bought for $ 65 . The Smiths bought their 660-square-foot home for $ 549.99 from Cope and Reichert , who originally purchased the foreclosed home for $ 500 . "  We knew the property , we knew it had been sitting there empty for at least a year , and it had been trashed , " Vermeulen-Smith said . "  But we wanted to own a home . " All the copper in their "  micro-home " had been ripped out , as well as every electrical outlet , Vermeulen-Smith said . Trash had to be hauled out in several loads . "  You have to get over that fear that the house had that history , that you 're going to be a victim of a crime or something , " she said . "  Crime is everywhere . My husband and I have lived in the city for a long time ; we know that people look out for each other here . We do n't have that kind of fear . " Careful not to entice thieves again , the Smiths replaced the copper with plastic . They are considering taking the home completely off the grid by installing a mini-wind turbine , but for now they are happy to put in the basics . A bathtub from Habitat for Humanity cost them $ 100 . And Zeb Smith , who works at the Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit , brings home wood the museum would otherwise toss when installations close . "  This is , for us , very exciting to believe that we could totally reinvent a space , " she said , "  and prove that having a home is n't about having money . "	Detroit artists buy a trashed , abandoned house for $ 100 , fix it up Other artists have bought cheap houses in the same neighborhood The Power House was the first home , meant to power the other houses nearby
CNN  -- A magazine photo spread of Taliban fighters posing in the uniforms of 10 French soldiers killed last month has sparked an angry response . One of the pictures in the French magazine Paris Match that has stirred controversy . The latest edition of Paris Match includes photos of the Taliban fighters and their commander , "  Farouki , " wearing French uniforms , helmets and using French assault rifles and walkie-talkies . Farouki , aged 30-35 , claims in the accompanying story to have led his group in the August 18 ambush which killed 10 French troops and injured a further 21 in the Sarobi District , 40 miles east of Kabul . It was the French army 's single highest death toll in 25 years . He said the area was "  our territory " and the attack was a "  legitimate " part of its defense . Farouki said it did not need a lot of planning , with the French soldiers only spotted a short time before the assault . He said the soldiers had died for " -LSB- George W. -RSB- Bush 's " cause and that if France did not return the rest of its troops home they would all be killed . Farouki said they would continue fighting till the last man . See more on Paris Match 's Web site French Defense Minister Herve Morin accused the magazine of helping the Taliban . "  Should we be doing the Taliban 's promotion for them ? " he asked in the French daily newspaper Liberation . Joel Le Pahun , father of one of the killed soldiers , told the newspaper the pictures were "  despicable . " Green MP Daniel Cohn-Bendit called them "  voyeurism . " However , Paris Match editor Laurent Valdiguie defended the publication , saying it was "  legitimate " given the importance of the story . The story 's author , Eric de Lavarne , said only he and photographer Vronique de Viguerie met the group and he asked his questions via their "  fixer . "	Photos of Taliban in the uniforms of dead French soldiers provokes outrage Magazine Paris Match features photos of Taliban and their commander 10 French troops were killed and a further 21 injured in an ambush
CNN  -- Since her debut with the New York Philharmonic at the age of eight , Sarah Chang has grown through the weight of expectation to become one of the world 's great violinists . Now aged 31 , Chang was born in Philadelphia to a composer and music teacher of Korean descent . She first dabbled with the piano at the age of three , before opting for the violin a year later . By five she had been accepted into New York 's prestigious Juilliard School for Performing Arts . By her own acknowledgment , the world of grand orchestras and opera houses that she has so long inhabited can be "  very formal " and "  exclusive . " This perhaps goes some way to explain her choice of destination for her "  Fusion Journey " challenge : Buenos Aires . Here , in the hot-blooded Argentinean capital , she would meet with local band "  Orquesta Tipica Andariega , " to learn first-hand the sensual and mysterious art of tango . See more Fusion Journeys During her visit , Chang was challenged to produce a fusion of sound that blended the traditions of Western classical music with tango 's emotionally raw and folksy heritage . She says that the process has given her performance a new-found sense of intimacy that she 's carried ever since . In her own words , Chang tells the story of her Fusion Journey . Sarah Chang : I 've been trained as a classical violinist my entire life . It 's all about structure , all about technique . It 's very much a polished profession . But tango music , although it has some classical elements , is very sexy and rough and , in a way , from the earth . When you walk along the streets of Buenos Aires , fun is in the air . You see children with barely anything on their feet playing soccer , and there is music on every corner . They are playing all sorts of Latin sounds ; they 're all dancing and drinking ; they 're enjoying life ; they are loving life . One of the cornerstones of tango is definitely the dancing , so I first met up with dance instructor Nora Schvartz . Now , I 'm not really a dancer . I 'm a very physical performer when I 'm on stage , but of course tango is a completely different thing to thrusting around when you 're performing as a violinist . I learned that the best tango dancers move not just with their legs and arms , but from their guts . That 's the sign of a true art form , and it 's the source of so much beauty , so much soul and passion . Even though I absolutely can not dance -- just watch the footage ! -- I always thought that to experience the whole picture , you really have to open up your vulnerabilities , and sort of take that risk . Read related : Photographer 's Lapland journey highlights global warming Tango is -- in a sense -- imperfect ... albeit beautifully imperfect . It 's not about being always metronomically on time , it 's about spontaneity and freedom . I 've worked , of course , with a piano and an orchestra before -- but never with a band . All of a sudden I find myself rehearsing with the "  Orquesta Tipica Andariega , " an extremely talented local tango group . So there I was , playing songs I 'd never played before , alongside instruments I 'd never heard before , with a group I 'd never met before -- it was thrilling ! The piece we chose for our fusion was by Carlos Gardel -- the biggest name in the history of tango . The tune itself is very famous -- it 's used in all these movies , you name it , any famous tango scene . But as far as I know , there is no version for a band with a solo violinist , so I asked a composer friend of mine to make an arrangement for us . I was really thrilled with the result . We performed it in this intimate little club and it felt so immediate . Everyone was there , drinking wine , dancing , looking so happy . There were no rigid rules , none of this "  clap here , oh you have to be quiet here . " Instead , the audience were whistling and yelling and clapping along -- it felt like they were right up there with us . Literally , if I just stretched my arm , I could touch them , they were so close . That sort of intimacy , that sort of physical closeness , the fact that they were dancing when we were playing , I just thought was so beautiful . "  Fusions " can often turn out badly -- I can think of some fusion cuisine that I wish I could forget ! But when each side brings just the right balance of their experience , their culture and personality , then I think it can be magical -- and the only way you know it has worked is when everyone has a smile on their face . Classical music is one of the world 's longest-standing traditional forms of music-making out there -- and I do n't think it will , or should , change over night . There is a sort of purity in what classical musicians do that I cherish very much and want to preserve . But the big thing that I really took from this experience is that sense of connecting with the audience . Quite often , in grand concert halls where everyone is wearing elegant ball gowns and black tails -- that kind of old-Hollywood glamor -- it can feel like there is a big distance between the audience and the performers , a sense of "  look , but do n't touch . " But with Argentinean tango , it 's the opposite . They are saying "  please touch , please come into and share my world . " Now , every concert that I do , I try to utilize that , I try to connect with every single last person in the balcony on an emotional and personal level .	American violinist Sarah Chang flew to Buenos Aires to immerse herself in tango Chang collaborated with local ensemble to create fusion of musical styles She says that the process has given her new sense of intimacy with audience
Washington  CNN  -- It 's Washington 's version of the reality television show "  Wife Swap . " President Barack Obama has tapped one of the country 's top military men to head the Central Intelligence Agency , while the current CIA chief is being nominated to take charge of the military . The decision to send Gen. David Petraeus to the CIA and shift CIA Director Leon Panetta to the Pentagon is as much a reflection of the political skills of two talented bureaucratic infighters as it is a sign of the administration 's shifting agenda in a variety of hot spots around the world . Faced with a looming reelection campaign and tighter budget constraints , Obama wants to move ahead with plans to complete the U.S. withdrawal from Iraq and begin the process of winding down the unpopular war in Afghanistan , according to numerous analysts . New fiscal and political realities are contributing to a growing emphasis on smaller , more flexible , less costly , and potentially more dangerous military and paramilitary engagements in the years ahead . Translation ? A smaller Defense Department that is more reliant on solid intelligence gathering , and an increasingly militarized CIA more heavily involved in armed conflicts . Panetta and Petraeus are , by all accounts , uniquely qualified to manage the change . Obama shuffles familiar faces in key security roles "  This team will provide the leadership to help make our nation safer , " said South Carolina GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham , a key congressional voice on security matters . "  I could not be more pleased with these selections . " The post-9 / 11 wars have made Pentagon and CIA coordination "  essential , " former CIA Director John McLaughlin told CNN . "  It has n't always been that smooth , but over time we 've learned from experience . " Panetta , 72 , has been described as the consummate Washington insider . He took over at the CIA in February 2009 , and previously served as chief of staff to President Bill Clinton between 1994 and 1997 . Prior to that , the California Democrat served as director of Clinton 's Office of Management and Budget  OMB  -- a position that , by definition , requires mastery of tricky fiscal situations and an understanding of the federal government 's sprawling bureaucracies . As of February , more than 1.4 million people were serving in the U.S. armed forces . Panetta also served in the House of Representatives from 1977 to 1993 , a period in which he established deep congressional ties . His friendships and institutional knowledge of Capitol Hill will be critical in terms of helping to mold congressional opinion and balance Pentagon priorities against growing deficit fears . In taking charge of the Defense Department 's changing missions , Panetta will "  deal with it the way he dealt with issues at the CIA , " McLaughlin said . "  He 'll seek the facts . " Over the last couple of years , Panetta has "  had to make difficult decisions on which there were no easy answers , " McLaughlin added . "  That 's pretty good schooling for the kinds of decisions he is going to have to make at the Pentagon , where ... difficult choices are going to be necessary . " For his part , Petraeus already has an "  intimacy with the  CIA 's  capability , " McLaughlin said . "  He knows its strengths . He knows whatever shortcomings it may have . He knows the people very well . He knows what buttons to push . " Petraeus , 58 , assumed command of the NATO International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  and U.S. Forces Afghanistan in July 2010 , after serving for more than 20 months as commander of the U.S. Central Command . He has worked with the CIA in helping to oversee the military 's predator drone strikes against extremists in both Afghanistan and Pakistan . Bennett : Why Panetta , Petraeus are smart choices Petraeus also previously commanded multi-national forces in Iraq , leading the so-called "  surge " -- the deployment of more U.S. troops and the implementation of new strategies to reverse setbacks and make strides to defeat the insurgency and end the war . Over the years , he has retained enormous popularity and respect in the halls of Congress . During his time commanding the U.S. Army Combined Arms Center and Fort Leavenworth , he oversaw the development of the Army/Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Manual . Petraeus , analysts note , already has a close relationship with intelligence sources around the broader Middle East , including Libya , Egypt , Yemen , and a host of other pivotal countries . In that respect , he will have little trouble transitioning to the CIA 's traditional role of intelligence gathering . One major change for the general , McLaughlin notes , is that the CIA director typically does not make policy . The head of the CIA "  basically defines the situation as it exists on the ground  and  informs policy , but stops short of actually recommending policy , " he said . "  Gen. Petraeus will be moving into a job that has a somewhat less prominent policy role than the jobs he has had in the past . " Former CIA Director Michael Hayden said a key cultural difference waiting for Petraeus is that , unlike the military , "  folks at the CIA do n't get the hierarchy thing real well . He will be faced with a degree of informality with which he is unaccustomed . " Hayden , however , did n't see that aspect of the transition as a particularly large hurdle . At the CIA , Petraeus will find a culture of "  patriotism , service , sacrifice ,  and  value of group before self , " he said . It is "  a culture with which he will have great comfort . " CNN 's Pam Benson , Tom Cohen , and Barbara Starr contributed to this report	Gen. David Petraeus has been tapped to head the CIA CIA Director Leon Panetta has been nominated to lead the Defense Department Petraeus will provide much-needed leadership for an agency more heavily involved in military missions Panetta will likely help oversee an era of declining Pentagon budgets and fewer large-scale conflicts
Joy Ross says it was love at first touch . Ross , who is now blind , likes to tease that she met her husband , George , on a blind date . At the end of the night , he took her hands in his . She had little sight then and none now , but her journey into darkness started more than 30 years ago , long before she met her husband . As a small child , she developed arthritis that also attacked her eyes , eventually robbing her of her sight . When she was about 3 years old , Ross says her mother noticed she was bumping into things as she 'd play . After going from doctor to doctor , Ross was diagnosed with juvenile arthritis and a rare eye disease called uveitis . The same inflammation that caused swollen painful joints had spread to her eyes . What it 's like to be a blind parent "  The best I remember seeing , even as a child , was the big E on an eye chart with my left eye , " says Ross . Her right eye saw far less , glimpsing only peripheral shadows . Her eye disease , uveitis , means inflammation or swelling in the middle part of the eye called the uvea . Doctors only diagnose about 2,250 cases each year in children younger than 16 . Most young people with uveitis also have juvenile arthritis . But only about one out of 10 children with arthritis also develop the disease in their eyes . If not treated early , uveitis can damage vision and in some cases lead to blindness , according to the Arthritis Foundation . "  In children who typically get uveitis , it starts so gradually , so insidiously , that the eye never becomes red and they never experience pain and they do n't know that they 're losing vision . In fact , a common way to pick it up is to be screened with your vision when you 're starting school , " says Ross ' physician , Dr. James Rosenbaum , chief of rheumatology at Oregon Health and Science University in Portland , and chief of ophthalmology at Legacy Devers Eye Clinic . Because 80 % of childhood uveitis occurs in children with juvenile arthritis , Rosenbaum suggests parents should immediately take their children in for a checkup as if they would take them in for a complaints about an ankle or knee . Ross got steroid eye drops to reduce swelling ; that 's the standard first line treatment for uveitis . But because her case was severe and the medications limited , she developed cataracts and needed eye surgery . In high school , she tried methotrexate , a chemotherapy drug , to treat both her eyes and her painful arthritis . But Ross did n't respond well to the treatment and had to stop . 15 diseases doctors often get wrong In 2002 , a couple of years after getting married and moving to Portland , she discovered a new drug called Enbrel that brought relief to her aching joints . She also discovered she was pregnant with her first daughter , Isabella . A little over two years later , she gave birth to Georgiana . And then after a family vacation in January of 2008 , Ross ' eyesight started to change , her vision literally disappearing . "  I remember looking in the mirror and thinking , I 'm fading away . It was like a white fog , like in the shower when it gets fogged up . It was thickening and thickening , and I was struggling to see , " says Ross . And in the months after her world went dark forever , her oldest Isabella who was about 5 , started limping around on her ankle . "  We noticed that her foot was very swollen and very feverish to the touch and it was really severe , " says Ross . They thought it was badly sprained , but it turned out to be juvenile arthritis . And shortly afterward , 3-year-old Georgiana went with her dad for a routine eye exam . Invisible chronic illness "  My husband called me after the appointment that day , and he was quiet . He was crying , and he said that Georgiana was diagnosed with uveitis , " says Ross . They were devastated . But the family tried to turn the bad situation into something fun . Friday night in their house was shot night -- not your typical bar shots for a Friday of celebrating -- but injections . George gave all three girls shots . At that time , Isabella and Joy got medicine to suppress their immune systems to fight inflammation and Georgiana got methotrexate . Afterward , they piled in the car to go get ice cream . And now more than five years later , Georgiana is in remission and her eyesight has not been affected . Thanks to early diagnosis and treatment with biologic drugs such as Enbrel , which control swelling , she is doing well . These new medicines put the brakes on the misbehaving parts of the immune system that fuels inflammation . These were not available when Joy was a young child . Their doctor says Georgiana has a good chance of retaining her sight throughout her life . New smartphone app promises easy eye testing worldwide Isabella 's arthritis still does flare up from time to time , making it hard to go up and down stairs or participate in PE at school . Both girls do tend to get sick more than other kids because their medicines leave their immune system less able to fight infections . But their doctors do n't think either sister will develop the other 's illness . And though Joy knows there are more struggles ahead for all of them , she says , "  Find joy in everything if you can . Joy , I say , is a choice . It 's more than just my name ; it 's a choice our family has had to choose . " And when she wants to visualize her world , she returns to one of her best tools , touch . As she cuddles with her girls , she takes their faces in her hands . "  I feel them grow , and their faces change . I feel their smiles , " says Ross .	Most young people with uveitis , a rare disease , also have juvenile arthritis Only about one out of 10 kids with arthritis also develop the disease in their eyes If not treated early , uveitis can damage vision and in some cases lead to blindness Early diagnosis and treatment with biologic drugs , such as Enbrel , can control swelling
CNN  -- A Miami imam convicted of funneling tens of thousands of dollars to the Pakistani Taliban was sentenced Friday to 25 years in prison . U.S. District Judge Robert Scola levied the sentence against Hafiz Khan , a U.S. citizen and Pakistani native who ran the Miami Masjid , also known as the Flager Mosque . A jury in March found Khan , 78 , guilty of four charges that accused him of supporting and conspiring to support terrorists and a terrorist organization . The charges alleged Khan , who prosecutors said ran the Miami mosque since at least 1999 , sent money and other support from the United States to the Pakistani Taliban and its supporters from at least 2008 to 2010 . The charges also accused Khan of using a madrassa , or Muslim religious school , that he founded in Pakistan to shelter and support Pakistani Taliban militants . CNN 's Kimberly Segal contributed to this report .	Hafiz Khan was found guilty in March of supporting the Pakistani Taliban Khan , 78 , funneled money to the organization and its supporters , charges alleged Khan was imam of the Miami Masjid , also known as the Flager Mosque .
The welcome message from America 's new top diplomat in the Dominican Republic touched on baseball , culture and trade ties . No surprises there . But U.S. Ambassador James "  Wally " Brewster brought one thing with him this week that 's a first for a male U.S. ambassador in the Caribbean nation : a husband . "  My spouse , Bob , and I have traveled the world , from the far reaches of Asia to the stunning coastlines of southern Europe , " Brewster says in a video introducing himself on the U.S. Embassy 's website . Then husband Bob Satawake chimes in : "  But we always return to the beauty of the Dominican Republic . " After months of pressure from religious groups in the Dominican Republic who protested his appointment , Brewster arrived in Santo Domingo this week to begin his tenure as ambassador . U.S. President Barack Obama praised Brewster 's "  knowledge and dedication " when he announced his appointment to the post in June . The Dominican Republic 's government quickly said it accepted Brewster 's selection . But some have been less welcoming . High-profile Catholic Church leaders have decried the new diplomatic appointment as a sign of a lack of respect from Obama . "  He has not considered the particularities of our people . The United States is trying to impose on us marriage between gays and lesbians as well as adoption by these couples , " said Father Luis Rosario , director of youth ministries for the church . Cardinal Nicolas de Jesus Lopez Rodriguez has also criticized Brewster 's selection several times since Obama announced his appointment over the summer . Local media reported that an evangelical church called for "  black Monday " protests , asking people to show their opposition to Brewster by tying black ribbons on their cars , according to local media reports . Others , including gay rights groups , have praised Brewster 's appointment . An editorial in the Dominican Republic 's El Nacional newspaper this week discussed proposals Brewster outlined in the introductory video and urged readers to stop focusing so much on the new ambassador 's sexual orientation , even though it has "  generated more attention than his diplomatic mission . " Brewster alluded to the debate during his Senate confirmation hearing last month . "  I have already begun to see the challenges and controversies I will face in this job , " he said , "  but the rewards of representing the American people , creating a more prosperous hemisphere , and strengthening democracy through our evolving relationship with the Dominican Republic will be far greater than any challenge or controversy I will ever encounter . " His arrival in the Dominican Republic this week was front-page news in many of the country 's newspapers , which also prominently discussed the arrival of his spouse . A major fundraiser for Obama 's 2012 campaign who most recently worked as a senior managing partner of SB&K Global , Brewster has also served on the national board of directors for the Human Rights Campaign , a prominent gay rights group . In a blog post this month , the group described Brewster as the fifth openly gay U.S. ambassador . "  It is a testament to President Obama and the U.S. Senate that the sexual orientation of these ambassadors is irrelevant to their qualifications for their posts , " the campaign said . In his introductory video , Brewster says that he and Satawake are longtime fans of baseball , which is very popular in the Domincan Republic , and that he 's eager to increase economic connections between the United States and the Dominican Republic . "  My parents taught me that all people deserve respect , dignity , love and opportunity . They also instilled in me a strong belief in God , and the values of love and tolerance , " he says . "  Bob and I bring those beliefs and values with us as we come to the Dominican Republic . We are both thrilled to be coming back to our second home . "	The new U.S. ambassador to the Dominican Republic is openly gay and married James Brewster introduces his husband in a video posted on the embassy 's website Some religious groups protest his appointment Others welcome his arrival , which was front-page news in many dailies
New York  CNN  -- An airport security supervisor accused of stealing from passengers and accepting stolen money was granted $ 100,000 bail Wednesday by a U.S. magistrate judge in federal court in Newark , New Jersey . Michael Arato , 41 , is seen on surveillance video at Newark Liberty International Airport , according to a federal criminal complaint . The video has not been released . Arato , of Ewing , New Jersey , is charged with one count of accepting bribes , one count of conspiring to commit theft and three counts of theft by a government employee . He was brought into court handcuffed and with shackles on his feet . Arato was the supervisory transportation security officer for the Transportation Security Administration at Terminal B of the airport , and worked with a colleague to steal from passengers , according to the complaint . He and the colleague -- who has been cooperating with authorities -- frequently worked together at "  the B-3 checkpoint . " The checkpoint is typically the security checkpoint for international airlines including AirIndia , the complaint said . Beginning in August 2009 , TSA and the Port Authority Police Department of New York and New Jersey "  received numerous complaints from passengers scheduled to depart the airport on the 6:20 p.m. AirIndia flight that money and other valuables in passengers ' carry-on baggage were missing after their baggage was hand searched by TSA employees at the B-3 checkpoint , " the complaint said . The complaining passengers were predominantly non-English-speaking women of Indian descent and nationality who were returning to India after visiting the United States , according to the complaint . Authorities launched an investigation , including video surveillance of the checkpoint . Arato told authorities Tuesday that "  he had considered harming himself , " assistant U.S. attorney Eric Kanefsy told Magistrate Judge Michael A. Shipp . Arato 's public defender , John Yauch , said his client would not harm himself and was not a flight risk . "  He has too much to live for . " Arato 's colleague , identified in the complaint as the "  co-schemer , " began cooperating with authorities in September 2010 and told police he has been stealing from passengers at the checkpoint since about October 2009 . The colleague said that he and Arato had agreed that when he stole from passengers , he would "  kick up " half the money to Arato . Arato also regularly stole from passengers himself , sometimes giving his colleague some of that money , according to the complaint . Between September 13 and October 5 , Arato accepted a total of $ 3,100 from the colleague , the complaint said . In an audiotaped conversation , Arato told the colleague he did not feel bad stealing from foreigners , as they were "  leaving this country with our money , " according to the complaint . The colleague told police he would steal , on average , $ 400 to $ 700 a day from passengers and gave Arato $ 200 to $ 400 , the complaint said . Meanwhile , he said Arato usually stole $ 400 to $ 700 a day , sharing some of it at times . On August 31 , Arato stole $ 400 from a female passenger of Indian descent by conducting a search of her bag , according to the complaint . The woman noticed the money missing after passing through the checkpoint , and approached a senior special agent with the Office of the Inspector General to report it , the documents said . The agent left the woman to investigate , but saw Arato approach the woman , along with a police officer . Arato told the woman someone else had found the money on the floor and gave it to him , and returned it . However , the complaint said , an AirIndia representative had told Arato 's colleague that the woman had reported the theft and that a police officer was taking a report from her . "  The co-schemer knew that he had not committed that particular theft and therefore believed Arato must have done it , so the co-schemer immediately called Arato on his cell phone to alert him , " the complaint said . Both Arato and the colleague are shown stealing money from passengers on video surveillance , according to the complaint , and video surveillance showed Arato accepting $ 100 bills on numerous occasions from the colleague . Surveillance from September 29 shows the colleague pulling about $ 1,000 from an envelope and giving Arato $ 500 , "  which Arato accepted while laughing and then put into his front shirt pocket , " the complaint said . "  Arato then gave the middle finger to a visible security camera in the -LSB- transportation security officers ' -RSB- office . " In audio recordings made October 5 , the colleague told Arato that he took a "  full envelope " from a passenger and put it in the security office next to the checkpoint , according to the complaint . "  Arato instructed the co-schemer to go to the airport gate where the passenger was scheduled to depart to make sure that the passenger departed the airport without noticing that their money was missing , " the complaint said . "  After the co-schemer told Arato that the passenger had departed , Arato accepted $ 900 from the co-schemer . " Authorities executed a search warrant to search Arato that same day , and found $ 1,300 in his pants pocket . "  The serial numbers on $ 1,100 of the money recovered from Arato matched the serial numbers on the money that was provided to the co-schemer by law enforcement to give to Arato earlier that day , " the complaint said . An additional $ 100 matched the serial number of a bill police gave the colleague the day earlier , and Arato told authorities he had used another $ 100 to buy groceries , according to the documents . Between 2003 , and Wednesday , 162 TSA employees were terminated or removed from duty for theft from passengers or luggage at checkpoints , according to the agency . The TSA said that number is a small fraction of those who were employed during that time . "  TSA holds its security officers to the highest professional and ethical standards and has a zero-tolerance policy for theft in the workplace , " said TSA spokesman Nicholas Kimball . "  We investigate any allegation of misconduct . When infractions are discovered , we move quickly to terminate the employment of offenders . It 's sad that the reprehensible conduct of a few individuals threatens to tarnish the 50,000 honest , hard-working folks from all walks of life whose patriotism ensures the security of millions of people every single day . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Raelyn Johnson contributed to this report .	TSA official granted bail during court hearing Complaint : Michael Arato is seen stealing from passengers on surveillance video He allegedly targeted non-English-speaking women
CNN  -- Attorneys for 16 Indiana National Guard soldiers on Wednesday sued the largest U.S. contractor in Iraq , alleging the company knowingly exposed the soldiers to a cancer-causing toxic chemical . 16 Indiana National Guardsmen have sued the Houston-based company Kellogg Brown and Root , known as KBR . The lawsuit against Houston-based KBR , which seeks an unspecified amount , alleges that the soldiers were exposed to sodium dichromate , an inorganic compound containing a highly toxic form of chromium known as hexavalent chromium . The soldiers say that they , along with other American civilian contractors , were exposed to the chemical at the Qarmat Ali water pumping plant in southern Iraq shortly after the U.S. invasion in 2003 . KBR was tasked with getting the plant up and running using civilian contractors . The National Guardsmen were assigned to protect the civilian workers . The Guardsmen and civilian contractors who worked there have described walking on and sitting near the bright orange powder that was widely dispersed throughout the grounds of the water plant . The chemical was believed to have been left behind by forces loyal to Saddam Hussein . Some of the Guardsmen already suffer from nasal tumors or respiratory system problems and other health problems , according to the lawsuit . One of the guardsmen may have died from the exposure , though the exact cause of his death earlier this year is still not clear . The odorless sodium dichromate was used at the plant as an anti-corrosive , the lawsuit says . The chemical contained nearly pure hexavalent chromium , the toxic substance that poisoned homeowners in Hinkley , California , and was made famous by activist Erin Brockovich , according to the suit . For the Guardsmen , KBR 's "  knowing acts and omissions " resulted in "  months and months of unprotected , unknowing , direct exposure to one of the most potent carcinogens and mutagenic substances known to man , " the lawsuit alleges . A spokeswoman for KBR said the company was still reviewing the lawsuit , but denied responsibility for creating unsafe conditions at the plant . "  We are not providing comment on the suit at this time . The company does intend to vigorously defend itself , " KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne said . The Guardsmen say the company knew about the dangers of exposure to the chemical as far back as 2003 , but did not act to protect the soldiers . "  KBR managers knew full well long ago that this stuff was incredibly dangerous . But there was no information about it for years . And now these soldiers are facing some pretty serious health concerns . They 're going to be stuck with this the rest of their lives , " said Doyle . "  The most frustrating thing is that these guys are finding out years later that they were exposed to something , " said Mike Doyle , one of the Houston attorneys representing the Guardsmen . KBR took issue with the allegation that the company knowingly exposed the soldiers or anyone else and did nothing to help . "  KBR 's commitment to the safety and security of all employees , the troops and those we serve is the company 's top priority , " the statement read . "  KBR appropriately notified the Army Corps of Engineers upon discovery of the existence of the substance on the site and the Corps of Engineers concluded that KBR 's efforts to remediate the situation were effective . Further , the company in no way condones any action that would compromise the safety of those we serve or employ . " Mark McManaway , a father and grandfather , was an Indiana National Guard sergeant at the water plant from May through September 2003 , when the worst exposures are believed to have occurred . He is one of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit . "  The worst part is that the military has only just recently advised us that the stuff we were exposed to was much worse than they thought while we were out there , " said McManaway . "  It 's in our bodies , but we do n't know how bad it is . Maybe within the next five years cancers could start showing up . You 've got a ticking time bomb in you -- and when 's it going to go off ? " The U.S. military is not named as a defendant in the lawsuit . The toxic chemical made famous by Brockovich in California was a diluted form of hexavalent chromium that caused serious illnesses after being ingested by homeowners through their water . The chemical the Guardsmen were exposed to in Iraq was a nearly pure form of the chemical and could have been inhaled directly by anyone working at the plant . The U.S. Senate held hearings in August on emerging concerns about the exposure to the toxic chemicals after reports of civilian contractors and their exposure to the chemicals at the water plant . But officials of the National Guard -- and most of the Guardsmen who worked at the plant -- were not even aware of the possible dangers at the time of the hearing . Some heard about for the first time during the televised hearings . Only then did the National Guard begin efforts to find the men , some of whom had already been back in the United States for four years . An estimated 275 American soldiers may have been exposed to the chemical at the water plant , over a period of months through mid - to late-2003 .	Suit says Guardsman , contractors exposed to cancer-causing chemical at Iraq plant Suit alleges KBR knew of contamination threat and did nothing to protect soldiers Some Guardsmen suffer from nasal tumors , respiratory problems KBR says it 's not to blame for creating unsafe conditions at plant
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said Sunday during an unannounced visit to Afghanistan that he does n't know whether soldiers will continue to receive paychecks if an agreement over the U.S. debt ceiling can not be reached . "  I certainly hope it gets solved , " Mullen told reporters . America 's highest-ranking military officer said soldiers had recently asked him about the crisis , saying "  here we are , halfway around the world , fighting our country 's wars , and I 've got to worry about a paycheck . " Mullen said August 15 would be the first payday jeopardized if the United States defaults . Soldiers normally get paid in two-week increments , making the last assured payday on August 1 , he said . Senate leaders said Sunday that progress had occurred in the talks on a deficit reduction deal that would raise the debt ceiling and cut spending . However , the deadline for the United States to face possible default on its obligations is midnight Tuesday , and political wrangling in Congress has held up an agreement so far . On Friday , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta issued a statement to remind military personnel that they should plan to come to work as scheduled in the coming week , regardless of whether a deal gets worked out . Panetta pledged to do "  everything possible to ensure that our national defense is protected . " A Department of Defense official told CNN on condition of not being identified on the possibility of military pay being withheld , "  it 's not a question of whether , but when , if an agreement is n't reached . " The Treasury Department has not specified what might happen for troops if an agreement is not reached . But the impact could be substantial if a prolonged battle prevents the government from sending out millions of checks owed to active-duty soldiers , Social Security beneficiaries , federal employees and others . Congress has until August 2 to raise the current $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling . Otherwise , Americans could face rising interest rates and a declining dollar , among other problems . Mullen said Sunday that he has seen progress in Afghanistan since a so-called "  surge " of 33,000 additional troops . Jon Stewart , host of Comedy Central 's "  The Daily Show , " is also in Afghanistan to visit with troops , along with basketball player Karl Malone and magician David Blaine .	NEW : Defense Secretary Panetta asks for patience from troops Mullen does n't know if soldiers will continue to get paid if no deal is reached "  I certainly hope it gets solved , " Mullen told reporters Mullen is on an unannounced visit to Afghanistan
CNN  -- A 19-year-old Kentucky woman missing for two weeks has been found , and police are searching for a registered sex offender believed to be involved in her disappearance , authorities said Monday . Brittney Kustes was last seen July 17 at her grandparents ' home in Brooks , Kentucky , just south of Louisville , Kentucky , according to Det. Scott McGaha of the Bullitt County Sheriff 's Office . Witnesses told police that sex offender Roy Vernon Elwell -- who has a history of kidnapping and unlawful confinement -- was seen driving up and down the street where Kustes ' grandparents live on the day she disappeared . "  Shortly after , she was gone , " McGaha said last week . Numerous witnesses reported seeing the pair in Louisville and surrounding areas over the past two weeks . On Friday , Kustes was driven to a drop-off point by a friend of her alleged captor , according to authorities . Kustes then called her boyfriend , who picked her up , drove her to a motel and called police . Her mother told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " Monday night that getting the news was "  one of the greatest moments of my life . " "  It was truly a blessing , " Laurie Kustes said . "  When we found her , we just stared at each other and I told her over and over you 're safe now ... and she just cried and cried . " Laurie Kustes said her daughter was so "  brutally , mentally tortured " during her disappearance that she was hospitalized Friday night . "  She 's just really been through a lot of horrible things , " she said , declining to elaborate due to the ongoing police investigation . Brittney Kustes has a history with the 34-year-old Elwell , according to her mother . "  This guy came into my daughter 's life with drugs , " Laurie Kustes told CNN affiliate WHAS last week . She said the last time Elwell was with her daughter , Brittney returned home addicted to methamphetamine , a drug habit she had recently kicked . But Laurie Kustes said Monday that her daughter again returned from Elwell 's alleged captivity hooked on drugs . "  We 're going to have to start all over with drug counseling , rehab , " she said . "  Also , I 'm going to have to get her into a psychiatrist for the past two weeks . " McGaha described Brittney Kustes as "  terrified " and "  extremely frightened " of Elwell , and described him as "  very dangerous . " "  She is not under police protection , but we are under alert to watch her , " McGaha told "  Issues , " adding that Brittney Kustes is "  at a location -LSB- Elwell -RSB- is not familiar with . " McGaha has said that Elwell knows police want to speak with him about Kustes . Friends of Elwell 's have told police that he laughs off requests to come in to the sheriff 's office , according to McGaha . Meanwhile , Elwell has been found to be noncompliant with the laws of the state 's sex offender registry as he continues to evade police . The Class D felony carries a penalty of up to five years in prison , McGaha said .	Brittney Kustes was last seen July 17 She was driven to a drop-off point Friday night Her mother says her daughter was "  mentally tortured " during her disappearance Police are searching for a registered sex offender believed to have been with her
CNN  Do n't bogart that spoon , man . Lem me get a hit off that cone , dude . Pass the bowl ... of ice cream ? Could Ben and Jerry 's , the counterculture snack empire gone mainstream , be planning a marijuana-infused ice cream ? "  Makes sense to me . You know , combine your pleasures , " co-founder Ben Cohen said in an interview with HuffPost Live that 's been buzzing among marijuana aficionados since it aired last month . Like attitudes about marijuana itself , the story went mainstream this week . It makes some sense . Co-founder Jerry Greenfield noted that the duo has some experience with , uh , substances . And the company already gives a nod to the marijuana culture with flavor names such as "  Half Baked . " Marijuana is becoming more mainstream , too . Four states have legalized the recreational use of marijuana , and attitudes nationwide have been changing in favor of pot , which remains banned by federal law . In January 2014 , a CNN/ORC poll found that 55 % of Americans favored the legalization of marijuana . Only 16 % thought that in 1987 , CNN reported at the time . In Colorado , where recreational marijuana use is legal under state law , edibles containing weed now make up nearly half the market for pot products , according to the Denver Post . Alas , pot fans , Cohen and Greenfield no longer control the company . They sold it to Unilever Inc. for $ 326 million in 2000 . "  If It were my decision , I 'd be doing it , " Greenfield told HuffPost Live . "  But fortunately , we have wiser heads at the company that figure those things out . " A spokeswoman for the company told AdWeek magazine that there are n't any current plans for pot ice cream , but she left the door open to the possibility . "  Ben & Jerry 's has n't given serious consideration to the possibility of cannabis-infused ice cream , " spokeswoman Kelly Mohr told AdWeek . "  Perhaps it 's high time . " Of course , all this does make you wonder : What would you munch on if you got the munchies from a bowl of Ben & Jerry 's ? Is weed legal in your state ? CNN 's Lisa Respers France contributed to this report .	Ben & Jerry 's founders say they like the idea of weed-laced ice cream The company says it 's not considering such a flavor , but "  perhaps it 's high time "
Editor 's note : Jennifer Klein is professor of history at Yale University and the author of "  For All These Rights : Business , Labor , and the Shaping of America 's Public-Private Welfare State . " Her forthcoming book , "  Caring For America , " co-authored with Eileen Boris , will be published by Oxford University Press next year . Jennifer Klein says government has played a key role in gaining health care security for workers . NEW HAVEN , Connecticut  CNN  -- "  We worked hard to get it and we 're going to keep it , " said Nancy Snyder , one of the protesters attending this summer 's health care town meetings . Nancy and her husband Robert , retirees from Philipsburg , Pennsylvania , showed up at a town hall held by Sen. Arlen Specter , in State College , Pennsylvania , with signs condemning socialist takeover of their health care , and she was interviewed by Michel Martin on National Public Radio 's "  Tell Me More . " When asked how she had insurance coverage , Nancy explained that because her husband was a retired coal miner , they received insurance and care through the United Mine Workers . She attended the town hall because she said she had "  had enough of the government interfering with our lives , after working hard all of our lives , especially to get the health care . " The historical reality , however , is that there would be no UMW health and retirement plan without the federal government . Our inability to acknowledge the real role of government plays right into the hands of private companies that have never solved the challenges of health security . In April 1946 , John L. Lewis , leader of the UMW , led the coal miners out on strike around a pioneering demand : employer contributions to a union health and welfare fund . Miners had long suffered debilitating health problems and notorious medical neglect in camps and towns run by authoritarian mine companies . For Lewis , changing the balance of power between workers and owners necessitated independent and guaranteed health security , but the mine owners had no intention of settling . Facing a strike that could choke the economy , President Harry Truman intervened through the War Labor Disputes Act . With the mines officially under federal jurisdiction , Truman was ready to make a deal . The mine owners however were not as eager . Truman pressured mine owners into signing a contract in which they would pay for a union Welfare and Retirement Fund -- hospital , medical , and retirement plans -- all financed by a royalty assessed on the amount of coal extracted by union workers . The Social Security Administration provided technical assistance in designing the union-run welfare program . The settlement was industry-wide , regardless of company , thus equalizing the sharing of risk and the benefits of "  social " insurance . The Social Security Administration and the Public Health Service recruited staff for the UMW program . Physicians , public health experts , and industrial health experts came from the Public Health Service and the Farm Security Administration . The FSA had successfully run rural medical programs during the 1930s and World War II . Through the fund , UMW built a network of well equipped , modern hospitals , bringing about a major improvement in living standards . Over the next two decades , federal subsidy became more direct . Social Security disability benefits and federal rehabilitation programs aided thousands of disabled miners , many of whom had been bedridden for years . By picking up the tab for rehabilitation and disability support , the federal government also kept the UMW program financially sustainable . As employment declined and mining families struggled in the 1960s , mineworkers launched widespread protest demonstrations and traveled to Washington to lobby for federal support of UMW hospitals . Presidents Kennedy and Johnson responded with the Area Redevelopment Administration , the 1964 Economic Opportunity Act , the Appalachian Redevelopment Act , and of course , Medicare . Government stabilized and expanded the miners ' health system . Miners were proud beneficiaries of Johnson 's Great Society -- today so much maligned by the conservative talk show hosts . Miners continued their pressure , leading to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration , marshalling public force to protect their health in the private workplace . If Nancy Snyder "  did not pay one penny " for her husband 's cancer treatment or her surgeries , it 's because government subsidized that care since Robert 's early days as a miner . While she and her husband undoubtedly worked hard for what they have , these were by no means individual or private achievements . They represent shared social projects that were fought for and won collectively . The entire system of employee health insurance emerged because of direct federal support for unions and collective bargaining during the formative decades of the 1940s , 50s , and 60s . The thousands of people who poured into the Remote Area Medical care emergency clinic on one August weekend in Virginia have no health insurance . They are suffering like the miners of 80 years ago . Who will tip the balance of power again in their favor ? Health care reform will derail once more if we ca n't learn to talk honestly about public benefits and public goods -- how they protect us from the insecurities and inequities of the market and promote genuine economic security in the face of real imbalances of economic power and resources . The only moments when health security has been achieved in America are those founded on a partnership between empowered citizens and the federal government . It 's been the American way all along . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Klein .	Jennifer Klein : Town hall protesters opposed changes to health care system She says some argued against government role in health care She says history shows government helped secure benefits for workers Klein : Government role crucial to providing workers with health security
CNN  -- Police closed a section of Interstate 90 in eastern New York on Saturday after a gunman opened fire at a state trooper after a traffic stop , authorities said . A law enforcement officer approaches the gunman Saturday along Interstate 90 in New York . A witness said the scene was "  chaos " as drivers and passengers ducked to avoid the shots and attempted to flee . The incident occurred about 11:55 a.m. near the town of East Greenbush , just southeast of Albany , the New York State Police said in a statement . "  A large contingent of state police and East Greenbush PD responded to the area , " the statement said . "  The traffic on I-90 was evacuated , and I-90 was closed down in both directions in Rensselaer County . " The gunman was shot and is in state police custody , authorities said . However , a section of I-90 between two exits , where the incident occurred , remained closed Saturday afternoon . The Albany Times Union reported on its Web site that the gunman was in a hospital , although it was unclear whether he was shot by police or turned the gun on himself . No officers were injured , the newspaper said . The gunman 's condition was not immediately known . "  It was chaos , " said witness Carol Winn , who said she was headed to Albany on I-90 "  when all of a sudden there was this big traffic jam in front of me . " Watch scenes from Saturday 's incident " Winn said , "  I heard a shot fired , and then I thought maybe there was a deer in the road and someone had to shoot it to put it down . But then I heard more shots and saw people ducking down in their cars , and I knew something was wrong . " She said a trooper with his gun drawn walked beside her stopped car as she heard more shots . Along with other drivers , Winn fled the scene on foot . "  There was maybe 100 people running south on the northbound lane , and as we were running , we heard shots continuing to be fired , " she said . Winn estimated that the shooting was taking place about 15 cars in front of her . "  I got in a car that was going south , and they got us to safety , " she said . "  I never got a chance to look at the shooter , but someone else that fled with me said he saw someone get out of a taxi cab with a rifle . " Winn estimated hearing about 10 shots in all . Video footage shows the gunman standing outside what appears to be a taxi holding up a rifle as numerous police cars respond to the scene and other cars are stopped some distance away . A helicopter hovered overhead . Winn said Saturday afternoon that she was headed back to get her car , which was abandoned in the road , since that section of interstate had been reopened . "  I still have the keys in my hand , but I left my purse , " she said . "  I did n't care about my purse . I just left it there and ran . " CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Gunman fired at trooper after traffic stop near East Greenbush No officers were injured , paper says , but gunman was shot Section of interstate remained closed Saturday afternoon Driver describes chaos as motorists try to flee the area
CNN  -- Australian scientists have dated a star thought to be the oldest yet discovered , and it 's right in our neighborhood -- astronomically speaking . The star , which has been given the name SMSS J031300.36-670839 .3 , is thought by a team of astronomers at the Australia National University to be 13.6 billion years old . The star itself is not a new discovery -- it is faintly visible on existing photographic maps of the southern sky . But the recent dating places it as older than any other celestial body previously found . The star is part of our Milky Way galaxy and only around 6,000 light years from Earth , relatively close in astronomical terms . Stefan Keller , a research fellow at ANU 's Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics , published the findings in the scientific journal Nature . "  Stars act as time capsules , " Keller told CNN . "  This one took a little sample of the universe at the time that is was formed ... and means we can study -LSB- what the early universe was like -RSB- in great detail . " The discovery of the star 's age -- which dates it at only a hundred million years younger than scientific estimates of the age of the universe itself -- is significantly older than any previously dated stars . The oldest celestial bodies discovered thus far have been 13.2 billion years old . Keller and his team used the SkyMapper telescope to find ancient stars as part of an ongoing project to produce the first digital map of the southern sky . The team used a technique for imaging stars to ascertain how much iron was present -- the younger a star , the greater the amounts of iron it had . The SkyMapper telescope is unique in its ability to find stars with low iron , which uses sophisticated filters to measure the color of the stars , a key indicator of iron levels . "  The stars we are finding number one in a million , " said team member Mike Bessell on the University 's website . The team looked at 60 million stars and narrowed down potential candidates to a shortlist of 200 , which were examined using the Magellan telescope in Chile . It is an important cosmological discovery , as it tells researchers a great deal about the origin of the elements that make up the universe . Keller said that most stars created in the early stages of the universe died in "  extremely violent explosions , " and that it is unlikely that more stars of a similar age will be found .	A 13.6 billion-year-old star has been dated by Australian astronomers The discovery of star 's age makes it the oldest celestial body ever found The team used a unique technique for dating stars , based on the amount of iron present
CNN  -- The fourth quarter of 2009 for the music and video game industries is shaping up to be all about the Beatles . And both could use some "  Help ! " The video game industry has high hopes The Beatles ` Rock Band ' will pull it out of recession . The band , which released its last full album of original music in 1970 , is the focus of the simultaneous Wednesday release of "  The Beatles : Rock Band " for the Rock Band video game franchise , as well as the digitally remastered box set of the Beatles 13-album discography by EMI . Analysts expect a spike in video game and CD sales , which have been declining through the year . For audiophiles the release of the remastered CDs in mono and stereo is the first re-release of the Beatles catalogue since 1987 . "  It 's probably the biggest catalogue remaster that has ever happened , " said Paul Bromby , EMI 's senior marketing manager heading the re-release for the London-based company . Watch more about the 21st century Beatles " Given the state of CD sales , it may also be the last major event of its kind : Sales of CDs in the United States last year dropped 19 percent , according to entertainment market researcher the NPD Group , while purchases of digital downloads increased by 29 percent . Forrester Research estimates digital downloads will outstrip CD sales by 2012 . Why do the Beatles mean so much to the music industry ? " The remastered CDs are also a first step toward the Beatles catalogue eventual release for digital download . Allan Rouse , project coordinator on the reissue for EMI , told CNN the new masters are ready for digital download if and when EMI and Apple Corp. -- which represents surviving Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Star , and the estates of George Harrison and John Lennon -- make them available for release . Still , the increase in the release of digital music -- which now accounts for a third of all sales , according to NPD -- is n't enough to make up for the total loss of sales . In 2008 , there were 13 million fewer U.S. music buyers than the previous year . That is making video game releases by Rock Band and Guitar Hero , where players compete to strum in time on plastic guitars to original recordings , an increasingly important crossover player in the music industry . "  There 's a lot of excitement  in the video game industry  because this is the first game since the Wii Fit that is aimed for a mass market , " said Michael Pachter , a video game analyst for Wedbush Morgan Securities , who first tried his hand at The Beatles game with George Harrison 's son , Dahni , at the E3 Expo , where the game debuted in June . Like the Wii Fit -- an exercise-along Nintendo game that was a breakout hit since its global release in 2008 -- "  The Beatles : Rock Band " is expected to attract game buyers beyond "  hardcore gamers , " Pachter said . "  Guitar Hero and Rock Band expanded gaming more to families , something that parents in their 40s could play along with their teenage girls , " Pachter said . "  But most of these compilations have bands that probably half the parents never heard of . Everyone knows the Beatles . You ca n't say that about many bands . " "  The Beatles : Rock Band " will have 45 songs representing a cross-section of their career . Additional music from The Beatles catalogue will be made available for purchase and download including "  Abbey Road , " "  Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band " and "  Rubber Soul , " to be released in October , November and December , respectively -- giving a boost to the sale of Beatles songs through the end of the year . See images of Abbey Road studios " Pachter estimates the video game will sell 5 million units globally by the end of the year , with prices ranging from more than $ 50 to $ 250 for a limited-edition package with Beatles guitar and drum set controllers . Video games sales have dropped nearly 20 percent from last year . The Beatles release is expected to be a boon for music-based video games , which had U.S. revenues of $ 452 million the first half of this year , compared to $ 840 million during the same period last year , according to NPD . Console wars heat up " Another industry closely watching the Beatles game release and the popularity of plastic fake guitars are the makers of real musical instruments . Sales of guitars exploded with the popularity of the Beatles in the 1960s . Will new Beatles fans via Rock Hero be inspired to buy the real thing ? While the guitar is still the most popular musical instrument , guitar sales in the U.S. -- which accounts for 42 percent of global sales -- dropped 6.6 percent to $ 1.6 billion last year , the largest drop in more than a decade , according to Music Trades . "  There has been some evidence of people crossing over to real guitars after playing the games , however , it 's not large enough to be measurable , " said Brian Majeski , editor of Music Trades . . "  Most in the industry view it as a net positive -- making music is better than shooting bad guys . "	"  The Beatles : Rock Band " video game , digitally remastered box release Wednesday Analysts expect spike in video game , CD sales , which have been on the decline Analysts say video game expected to attract buyers beyond ` hardcore gamers ' Real musical instruments industry watching the Beatles game release
CNN  -- The U.S. Postal Service has just entered "  The Twilight Zone . " "  The Honeymooners " is one of 20 classic TV stamps that will soon find its way on the corner of envelopes . The classic show appears on one of 20 stamps released this week , featuring 1950s hit television shows . The first-class stamps include images of "  Dragnet , " "  The Ed Sullivan Show , " "  The Honeymooners , " "  I Love Lucy , " "  Lassie , " "  The Lone Ranger , " "  Ozzie and Harriet " and "  Perry Mason . " "  All of the classic television shows represented on these stamps represent the collective memory of a generation well deserving of entertainment , " said James C. Miller III , a Postal Service board member . "  It was a generation that survived the Great Depression and fought World War II . They were pioneers -- creative geniuses -- who brought television shows of the 1950s into our homes , breaking new ground to provide entertainment for everyone . " The retro-style stamps , featuring black-and-white images of the shows , were designed by Carl Herrman , an artist from Las Vegas , Nevada . The Postal Service releases several commemorative stamps annually . This year 's releases have included civil rights pioneers , President Abraham Lincoln and author Edgar Allan Poe .	New postage stamps will commemorate "  Golden Age of TV " "  The Honeymooners , " "  I Love Lucy " among 20 classic TV shows honored Retro-style stamps were designed by artist Carl Herrman
Mecca , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- The Hajj , an obligatory pilgrimage for Muslims , began this year on Wednesday with two twists : thinner crowds and heavy rain . A rare rainstorm inundated pilgrims in the city of Mina , flooding tents and making conditions miserable for the 2.5 million pilgrims performing the ancient rituals , according to Isha Sesay , CNN 's correspondent there . The tents , where pilgrims plan to spend the night in prayer and contemplation , were leaking and flooding , giving rise to fears of disease , Sesay reported . She said , however , that the several hours of rain was not likely to stop any of the pilgrims from performing the rituals . "  They 've saved for years to get here , " Sesay reported . "  This is a blessing . They 're not going to let rain get in the way . " iReporter witnesses heavy rain near his home She said no incidents had been reported among the dimished number of pilgrims . Officials said the swine flu could be keeping pilgrims from the fifth pillar of Islam , which requires devotees to journey to the holy city of Mecca at least once in their lifetime . Saudi 's Hajj Ministry said Wednesday that 40 percent fewer Saudi pilgrims are participating in the ancient rituals this year , largely due to fears of disease , though a greater number of international visitors had come . "  Concerns about the spread of H1N1 may have affected the turnout but we are confident of all measures in place to increase monitoring of cases and awareness about how one can protect himself or herself , " said Dr. Abdullah Al-Rabbeeah , the Saudi health minister . A teenager and three elderly people have died of the H1N1 flu virus at the Hajj . The victims were a 17-year-old Nigerian female and a Sudanese man , an Indian man and a Moroccan woman who each were 75 years old . Many of the 2 million pilgrims have been arriving days and weeks ahead of the Hajj , which coincides with flu season . The rituals of the five-day event began Wednesday . But with fewer visitors , businesses are feeling the pinch this year . Shopkeeper Fahmi al-Rashidi said he has slashed prices of the gold he sells in Mecca 's Al-Ghaza market . "  Business is lower than last year , " he said . "  I think swine flu fears combined with high gold prices are turning people away from spending . " Another merchant , Fahd al-Qraishi , said a normal 20 percent profit has dropped to 5 percent . Hajj observed in Second Life The Hajj Ministry reported , however , a 17 percent increase in the number of international pilgrims , some of whom are enjoying discounted rates at hotels including the Hilton Makkah . Then there was the real damper . Mecca resident Khaled Nemary said he had not seen so much rain in a quarter-century . And the forecast ? Showers through Friday . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Daniela Deane contributed to this report .	Huge downpours flood tents in Mina Ministry says there are 40 percent fewer Saudi pilgrims this year With fewer visitors , merchants report less business No incidents reported among pilgrims
CNN  -- Protection from the Sahara 's howling dust storms may have helped the Sphinx maintain its steady gaze over the millennia . Newly discovered walls on the Giza plateau were part of an enclosure to protect the Sphinx from wind-borne sand , Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities says . According to some texts , the walls were built by King Thutmose IV  1400-1390 BCE  because of a dream he had during a hunting trip , the council 's secretary general , Zahi Hawass , said Tuesday . "  In the king 's dream the Sphinx asked the king to move the sand away from his body because it choked him , " Hawass said in a written statement . For the favor , the Sphinx promised to make Thutmose IV king of Egypt . Until the discovery of sections of the walls buried in the sand on the eastern and southern side of the giant figure , archaeologists believed there was a wall only on its north side . The new sections are part of a larger wall , Hawass said . One wall runs north-south and is 282 feet  86 meters  long , while the other runs east-west and is 151 feet  46 meters  long . Both walls stand about 3 feet  1 meter  tall . Researchers also may have found the remains of a wall dating to the time of King Khafre , whose pyramid is the second largest in Giza . Khafre 's burial complex boasted an unprecedented profusion of statues , among them the Sphinx , according to National Geographic . Carved from bedrock in front of Khafre 's pyramid , the Sphinx depicts the pharaoh as a human-headed lion , wearing the headdress of the pharaohs .	Walls are found along two more sides of the Sphinx They were used to protect the giant carving from the wind The Sphinx is near the Khafre pyramid
Washington  CNN  -- Inside La Clnica del Pueblo 's adobe-colored confines , William Joachin works furiously to help the dozens of Spanish-speaking patients who queue up weekly seeking help registering for Obamacare . He logs into DC Health Link , the local insurance exchange , and his fingers click rapidly on the computer keys as he enters information into page after page while translating questions and answers into Spanish for families whose members often each have a different immigration status . "  Si , " he tells them , the son who was born here qualifies for coverage under Obamacare . No , the El Salvadoran-born mom who has a green card and has been here for only two years , will not qualify for Medicaid until she has been in the U.S. five years . For hours he sorts through and translates the complicated questions and answers . He presses enter . All of the information disappears . His heart sinks . Then he begs for patience and begins the process anew . Welcome to Obamacare en Espaol . The Obama administration is banking on the support of the Hispanic community , with its large numbers of young and uninsured , to help make the President 's signature health care reform law a success . "  The population we serve is the most difficult , " Joachim said , adding that it often takes several hours and a couple of visits to get an entire family signed up because of technical difficulties and the complexities of enrolling families of mixed immigration status . Joachim 's challenges echo problems faced nationally by Spanish speakers when they try to enroll in the signature Obama administration program designed to serve as a safety net for millions of uninsured Americans . Efforts to register Spanish speakers are further complicated by technical problems on Obamacare-related websites , worries that information might be used for deportation purposes , problems verifying income , and a digital divide among those who might not have ready access to a computer said Alejandra Gepp , associate director of La Raza 's Institute for Hispanic Health . "  Enrollment is happening , but it 's been a very slow process for a number of reasons , " Gepp said . "  Latinos were uninformed and there 's a mistrust issue because they are mistrustful of government and there was so much information out there in the media they did n't know what they should believe . " Who 's signing up for Obamacare ? Support among the Hispanic community is critical to the Obama administration 's efforts . Roughly half of the nation 's Hispanics are under the age of 26 and they are in a good position to pay into insurance pools , while being less likely , because of their relative youth , to draw from them , leaving premium funds available to help pay for health care for older , sicker participants . Hispanics account for roughly 17 % of the population , but they make up 32 % of the country 's uninsured who are n't elderly , according to a report by the Kaiser Family Foundation , an organization which conducts health policy research . "  Disproportionately we are being counted on to sustain this program , " said Daniel Garza , executive director of the Libre Initiative , a nonpartisan , nonprofit grassroots Hispanic advocacy organization . "  We are a heavy chunk of the folks who are being expected to sign up . " But when Spanish speakers want to sign up for Obamacare in their own language , they face problems . On www.cuidadodesalud.gov , the Spanish language version of HealthCare.gov , sometimes links led to dead ends or pages in English . In other instances , some words and phrases are literal translations from English to Spanish , which health advocates in the Hispanic community say makes the site difficult to understand . "  To put up a website that is only cosmetic it 's disrespectful of this administration , " Garza said . "  If you 're going to have a website , have it work , for the love of God . " After media reports and questions by CNN , the Department of Health and Human Services , which oversees both the sites , has addressed a number of hyperlink-related problems on the website . The Spanish language site did not launch until December 6 -- a full two months late and after its English language counterpart debuted . This means Spanish speakers have a much shorter window to browse online to make health care choices before the March 31 deadline for enrollment . Unlike their English speaking counterparts , Spanish speakers still can not shop for insurance plans on the website . "  It is very disappointing that it is taking so long to get this critical element on the Spanish website , " Gepp said . U.S. drops contractor for work on Obamacare website Despite calls among some Hispanic advocacy groups to extend that deadline given the Spanish language website 's delayed launch and inability to purchase plans online , Health and Human Services officials said they are unaware of any plans to do so . Some Hispanic advocacy groups say the Obama administration has given their community short shrift in its health care rollout HHS decided to delay enrollment on CuidadoDeSalud.gov until they fixed the massive technical glitches on the problem-plagued English version , agency officials said . "  To make sure that Spanish-speaking consumers have the best possible consumer experience , we launched the consumer tools on CuidadoDeSalud.gov as we made upgrades to the site , " HHS spokesman Aaron Albright said in a statement . "  The technical components of both websites go hand-in-hand and we were mindful that launching both websites simultaneously may possibly have exacerbated the problems . The soft launch has allowed us to identify areas of concerns early and ensure the best product possible . " HHS also points out that Spanish-speakers can enroll on the phone with bilingual staffers . Since October 1 , there have been more than 330,000 Spanish calls , which represents 4 % of overall call volume , according to the agency . Spanish speakers can also fill out a paper application in that language . The administration is also relying heavily on bilingual specialists at community organizations , libraries and local health centers to help get people signed up . The administration says it does not yet have figures on the number Spanish speakers who have enrolled in Obamacare thus far or a breakdown of those enrollments by state . However , recent enrollment figures of the overall population show that only one in four young adults between the ages of 18 and 34 have signed up for insurance plans under Obamacare . California , Florida , and Texas -- states with some of the nation 's biggest Spanish speaking populations -- show similar figures . The administration reiterated on the website and to community assistants who help Spanish-speakers enroll that "  information provided by applicants or beneficiaries wo n't be used for immigration enforcement purposes . " And the Obama administration is redoubling efforts to boost Hispanic enrollment . "  In my opinion the Affordable Care Act is the single most life-saving act this country has had , " Jose Luna , a physician in El Paso , Texas , stressed in a recent telephone news conference organized by the White House . Others are taking a wait and see approach . "  The good news is Latinos are being enrolled , " Gepp said . "  Not at the rate we would like to see . Let 's see what happens from now to March 31 . " White House awards Accenture HealthCare.gov contract	Spanish speakers face extra challenges signing up for Obamacare Technical glitches on Spanish site , government mistrust , digital divide to blame Obama administration hoping for high Hispanic enrollment Hispanic community advocates taking wait and see approach on Obamacare success
CNN  -- A strong earthquake with magnitude 6.5 struck Friday night in the ocean southwest of Sumatra in Indonesia , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake , which occurred shortly after 11 p.m. , was centered about 100 miles  165 kilometers  west of Bengkulu in Sumatra , and 215 miles  345 kilometers  south of Padang , Sumatra , the USGS said . The center was 13.7 miles  22 kilometers  deep , the USGS said . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a warning after the quake , but said there was a "  very small possibility of a local tsunami that could affect coasts " no more than 62 miles  100 kilometers  from the earthquake 's epicenter . "  Authorities in the region near the epicenter should be made aware of this possibility , " it said . The Indonesian Meteorological and Geophysics Agency also did not issue a tsunami warning . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report	Magnitude 6.5 earthquake struck Friday night off Sumatra coast , says U.S. Geological Survey The center was 13.7 miles  22 kilometers  deep , the USGS said There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries
CNN  -- Has our generation become the victim of too much information ? That 's something to ponder as you update your Facebook status , answer your smartphone , glance at the TV and flip through the morning paper , with the radio blaring in the background . Bestselling author James Gleick has studied information -- from the invention of scripts and alphabets , to talking drums in Africa -- for his new book "  The Information " . "  Chaos , " also written by the former reporter and editor for The New York Times , helped turn the "  Butterfly Effect " into a household phrase . Gleick was also short-listed for the Pulitzer Prize for his biographies of Richard Feynman and Isaac Newton . CNN recently talked to the author about his latest book and the following is an edited transcript . CNN : For a nonscientist , how would you answer the question , "  What is information ? " And how has that definition changed over history ? James Gleick : Luckily , we have the Oxford English Dictionary to help us . Unluckily , their definition is now pushing 10,000 words  as I discuss here  . The important change -- really , the impetus for my book -- is that there is a scientific definition . It is a mathematical quantity , measured in bits and divorced from any notion of meaning . That was new as of the middle of the last century , and we can think of it as the official beginning of the information age . But we still need a human definition , too ; now more than ever . For us , information includes words and sounds and pictures ; paint on cave walls and ink on paper and smoke signals in the air . What is information ? Information is how we know . CNN : Your book explains the concept of information using examples from around the world , from ancient history to present day . Did you develop any favorite cultures or figures as you wrote the book ? Gleick : I 'm probably not supposed to have a favorite person , but I do . I kind of fell in love with Ada Byron -- the daughter of the poet and a closet mathematician . She is a tragic figure , because she died an early and painful death and because she was a person living in the wrong time : a truly brilliant mathematician whose talents could not have been recognized until a century later . CNN : You say that technology does not define the information age , that it 's the idea of information itself that 's new . Can you explain the difference ? Gleick : It 's tempting to think the Information Age is about the very visible devices that are all around us , on our desks and in our pockets , profoundly changing the pacing and the flavor of our lives , but technology is just technology . What matters is communication -- one-to-many and one-to-one . We are aware of information as a big , general thing , but that was n't always the case . CNN : You talk about an "  information flood . " Do we understand information better today than in our past , or is there just more of it to learn and consume ? Gleick : Both . When I started writing the book , seven years ago , the initials T.M.I. stood for "  transmarginal inhibition " or "  Texas Military Institute " or "  Three Mile Island . " I do n't need to tell you what TMI means now ; every teenager knows . Yet it 's a paradox : how can there be too much information when information is what we want , what we value , what we live for ? We feel deluged -- unable to process it all , unable to find knowledge . CNN : You 've gone from writing about "  Chaos " to "  The Information , " these books feel related , like you 've completed a circle . Agree , disagree ? Gleick : Agree .  With perhaps a question mark on the word "  completed . "  It was from chaos theorists , 20 years ago , that I first heard the words "  information theory . " The connections between chaos and information are many and deep . One bridge is the notion of complexity itself . How do you measure complexity ? It turns out that the complexity of a system is defined  and this is not a metaphor ; it is mathematically exact  by the amount of information it contains . CNN : Any thoughts on what you want to tackle next ? Gleick : A book ! Only next time maybe a small one .	James Gleick wrote a new book "  The Information " about history of information Says scientific definition of information is a mathematical quantity , measured in bits "  Chaos " author also says that for humans , information is how we know something Gleick says the actual communication is more important than devices used to communicate
It 's a question many people inside Iran -- and those who watch the country closely around the world -- were asking Wednesday : Who is killing nuclear scientists in Iran ? An explosion on Wednesday killed Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan , a top official at the Natanz uranium enrichment plant , Iranian officials said . He is the third man identified as a nuclear scientist to be killed in Iran in a mysterious explosion in the past two years . A fourth survived an assassination attempt . In each case , someone placed a bomb under the scientist 's car . Iranian officials , on state-run media , blame Israel and the United States . "  I want to categorically deny any United States involvement in any kind of act of violence inside Iran , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday . "  We believe there has to be an understanding between Iran , its neighbors and the international community that finds a way forward for it to end its provocative behavior , end its search for nuclear weapons and rejoin the international community and be a productive member of it , " she said . While Israel generally refuses to comment on accusations and speculation , Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces , said on his Facebook page Wednesday , "  I have no idea who targeted the Iranian scientist but I certainly do n't shed a tear . " Mickey Segal , a former director of the Iranian department in the Israel Defense Forces ' Intelligence Branch , told Israel Army Radio that Wednesday 's attack was part of broader pressure being brought to bear on President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's regime . "  Many bad things have been happening to Iran in the recent period . Iran is in a situation where pressure on it is mounting , and the latest assassination joins the pressure that the Iranian regime is facing , " Segal said . With no one claiming responsibility , the killings remain shrouded in mystery . Iran experts contacted by CNN could only speculate . "  The most likely contender among people who are following this is that the Israelis are doing it , possibly in cooperation with the Iranian mujahedin , " said Trita Parsi , president of the National Iranian-American Council and author of the book "  A Single Roll of the Dice : Obama 's Diplomacy with Iran . " "  There 's almost no downside for Israel , " he said . The killings "  take out nuclear assets and embarrass Iran " by showing that the regime ca n't prevent such attacks , Parsi said . And "  if Iran retaliates with a violent act , then Israel can point to it as a reason to take military action against the regime . " Michael Rubin , resident scholar with the American Enterprise Institute , agrees that Israeli involvement is the most "  plausible " scenario . And Mark Hibbs , senior associate with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , also said the way the attacks took place "  would be consistent " with the possibility of Israel acting with cooperation inside Iran . Parsi told CNN he does not believe the killings are the work of the United States , and said they do not match the kind of activity U.S. intelligence would carry out in a country with which there is no declared state of war . Rubin agreed , and gave a different reason . "  Frankly , I do n't think the United States has the human intelligence knowledge , " he said . The United States and Israel have been the most vocal opponents of Iran 's nuclear program , although numerous countries have expressed serious concern as well . Iran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful , civilian energy purposes . If Israel is cooperating with the Mujahedin-e-Khalq  MEK  to carry out attacks on Iranian nuclear officials , it faces a significant risk , Parsi argues . The United States lists the MEK as a terrorist group . "  Israel is a victim of terrorism and pressing other states to take measures against terrorism , " Parsi noted . If it turns out to be collaborating with a group on the U.S. list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations , Israel 's efforts to get other countries to crack down on terrorist groups could be damaged . MEK , an Iranian opposition group , has support from some members of Congress who say it should be removed from the terrorist list . Several analysts said they are certain that , whoever is organizing the killings , Iranians are involved . If Iranian leaders had a "  clue " who is behind the killings , "  they 'd have stopped this by now , " said Daniel Serwer , Middle East Scholar with Johns Hopkins University . "  The incredible thing is that it continues . That suggests it is Iranians doing the deeds , no matter who is the sponsor . Foreigners are under pretty tight scrutiny in Iran these days . " But Hibbs , of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said he believes Israeli agents could be inside Iran . Whoever 's behind the attacks knows who the nuclear officials are , and the specifics of their travel plans . That could be foreign governments with intelligence assets in Iran , Hibbs said . But it 's also "  conceivable this could be carried out by Iranians who oppose the government even without the support of outside governments , " Hibbs said . The nuclear program "  is a centerpiece for Iran , a very , very important aspect for this regime , " he said . Groups inside Iran dedicated to overthrowing the regime would have reason to target the program , he said . "  This is a program which is right at the heart of the legitimacy of this government . " Rubin , of the American Enterprise Institute , said there is another "  plausible " explanation : that "  Arab intelligence services " are involved . "  The assumption that many Americans have that the Mossad , " Israel 's foreign intelligence unit , "  is the most skilled intelligence service " in the Middle East is "  a couple of decades out of date , " he said . Some intelligence services in the Arab world "  could have recruited Shiites " in the region , potentially in Iraq , to take action against the nuclear program , he said . There is also some speculation that the Iranian regime itself could have been involved in at least one of the killings . The first , in January 2010 , left university professor and nuclear scientist Massoud Ali Mohammadi dead in a car bomb . That attack came shortly after major riots against the regime , and many people thought the regime was behind that killing , Parsi said . Mohammadi "  did not seem to be a particularly valuable nuclear target , " he said . Some reports suggested Mohammadi was an outspoken supporter of the "  green movement , " and had helped organize protests , Parsi said . But the man killed in November 2010 , Majid Shahriari , and the one who survived an assassination attempt at the time , Fereydoon Abbasi Davani , were a different story . It "  would make no sense for the Iranians to assassinate them , " Parsi said . "  They were critical nuclear assets . " No matter who is behind them , the attacks do not seem to be reversing Iran 's efforts , said Parsi . "  Arguably , the incentive for the Iranians to go forward with what they have has grown , because now they 're under such critical threat , " he said . But there are suggestions that the overall pressure being applied against Iran , including international sanctions , for its failure to cooperate on nuclear issues is making some scientists wary of adding their efforts . Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency earlier this week quoted Davani , now the head of Iran 's nuclear program , describing as "  deserters " in a "  scientific war " the "  scientists who , for the sake of preserving their international connections , refuse to cooperate in  our  nuclear projects . " The killings of Iranian scientists have come up on the campaign trail in the United States among contenders for the Republican presidential nomination . Newt Gingrich , at a debate in November , expressed support for the idea of "  taking out their scientists . " Rick Santorum , at an event in October , referred to the scientists turning up dead as "  a wonderful thing . " Roshan 's killing comes amid growing tensions between Iran and the West . U.S. officials say the international sanctions on Iran have taken a toll . Iran earlier this week sentenced a U.S. ex-Marine to death on charges of espionage , despite statements by him , his family , and the U.S. government that he is not a spy .	U.S. Secretary of State Clinton categorically denies any involvement in Iran An Israeli military spokesman says he does n't "  shed a tear " over the reported death Analyst : Israeli involvement with support from some in Iran is the most likely scenario Other possibilities : Iranian opposition , or involvement of Arab intelligence , analysts say
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- Italian rescuers and divers continuing their perilous work Tuesday located a second "  black box " and the remains of five people in the wreckage of the Costa Concordia cruise ship . Eleven people were confirmed dead after the ship ran aground late Friday off a Tuscan island . With nearly two dozen people still missing from the ship , which is lying on its side off Giglio , a judge allowed its captain to be held on house arrest pending a later decision on whether he should be released . Capt. Francesco Schettino is under arrest and may face charges that include manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning a ship when passengers were still on board , chief prosecutor Francesco Verusio said . Judge : Captain can be held under house arrest In dramatic transcripts of conversations between Schettino and the Italian coast guard , published by the Corriere della Sera newspaper , the captain gives conflicting accounts of what happened when the ship hit rocks Friday night just off Italy 's western coast , leading to what passengers described as a chaotic and surreal scene as they rushed to evacuate . At first , Schettino tells an official he had abandoned the vessel , according to the transcripts , which prosecutors say match those they are using in their investigation . iReporter recalls first Concordia crash But as the official questions his decision , Schettino appears to reverse course and say he had not abandoned ship but was "  catapulted into the water " at some point after the ship ran into a rock , began taking on water and started listing . In a later conversation , an Italian coast guard official demands Schettino return to his ship , the transcripts show . "  You get on board ! This is an order ! " the coast guard official instructed Schettino . "  You have declared ` Abandon ship . ' Now I 'm in charge . You get on board -- is that clear ? " the port official said . Port Authority to cruise ship captain : ` Get on board , damn it ' Rescue and recovery efforts continued Tuesday , with divers searching the ship for survivors and remains . It was unclear exactly how many people were missing . There were roughly 4,200 people on the Costa Concordia when it ran aground -- about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members , the vast majority of whom made it off the ship safely . Before the discovery of the five bodies Tuesday , authorities had said 29 people were missing , including 14 Germans , six Italians , four French citizens , two Americans , and one each from Hungary , India and Peru . There was continued confusion Tuesday about the number of missing Germans , according to the German Foreign Ministry . One person on the list of missing was found dead Monday , but authorities have not specified which one it is . A friend of two missing Americans , Gerald and Barbara Ann Heil of White Bear Lake , Minnesota , said their family is "  holding up very well " despite the agonizing wait for word from Italy , where the retired couple had gone for "  their trip of a lifetime " after raising four children and working in their community for years . St. Pius X Catholic Church will hold a Wednesday evening prayer service for the couple , according to CNN affiliate KARE . The Heils were on a 16-day vacation to Italy , with a planned visit to the Vatican . In addition to the dead and missing passengers and crew , the wreck has given rise to concern about environmental damage . The ship had about 2,300 tons of fuel on board at the time of the wreck , said Costa Cruises chairman and chief executive Pier Luigi Foschi . But he said that so far there was "  absolutely no evidence of fuel leaking into the sea . " The ship appeared stable and its fuel tanks were intact Tuesday , said Martin Schuttenaer , a spokesman for Boskalis , the parent company of Dutch Smit and Salvage , which has monitors in place to keep track of the ship 's movement . He said equipment to begin transferring the ship 's fuel will be ready on Wednesday , but the current priority is rescue and recovery . After sinking , some wonder : Is cruising safe ? Divers have been searching the skyscraper-sized ship , working underwater in pitch blackness . Italy 's Coast Guard said it has located a second "  black box , " or data recorder , from the ship . Operations were under way to retrieve the recorder , said Coast Guard Warrant Petty Officer Massimo Macaroni . Information from the device , along with that from another that has already been recovered and is being analyzed by prosecutors , will provide authorities with "  a complete picture of how the disaster unfolded , " Macaroni said . Micky Arison , chairman of Carnival Corp , parent company of Costa Cruises , said he was saddened by the reports of additional deaths . "  Our immediate priority continues to be supporting rescue and recovery efforts and looking after our guests and crew members , along with securing the vessel to ensure there is no environmental impact . " Survivors described the panic that ensued after the ship 's collision with the rocks . Lauren Moore of Bowling Green , Kentucky , said many lifeboats were full when she and others reached the upper deck "  People were crying . People were hysterical , " Moore said . "  People were screaming at each other . " Cruise disaster hits Carnival stock , profits Italian prosecutors have ruled out a technical error as the cause of the incident , saying the captain was on the bridge at the time and had made a "  grave error . " Prosecutors are considering whether others may share responsibility for the crash with the captain . Foschi placed blame for the wreck squarely on the captain , saying Schettino had deviated from frequently traveled routes . "  The captain decided to change the route and he went into water that he did not know in advance , " Foschi said . Foschi said passengers would get "  material compensation for their loss , " but declined to go into details . One person who was scheduled to board the Concordia on Saturday said he was offered a refund , but will not get the refund for three months . Built in 2006 , the Concordia had been on a Mediterranean cruise from Rome with stops in Savona , Marseille , Barcelona , Palma de Mallorca , Cagliari and Palermo . Questions have arisen over regulation of the industry , and the size of some cruise ships . Human error ca n't be regulated , said an official with Cruise Lines International Association , which represents the industry . "  The fact is that this industry is remarkably safe , " said executive vice president Michael Crye . "  It has had a history that is very good compared to virtually any other means of transportation . " Nautilus International , a maritime employees trade union , called the accident a "  wake-up call " to regulators . "  Nautilus is concerned about the rapid recent increases in the size of passenger ships , with the average tonnage doubling over the past decade , " said Nautilus general secretary Mark Dickinson in a statement . "  Many ships are now effectively small towns at sea , and the sheer number of people onboard raises serious questions about evacuation . " Crye said regulations have kept pace with the increasing size of the vessels . Safety rules are set through the International Maritime Organization , an agency of the United Nations . It said Monday that while the investigation of the wreck is in its early stages , "  We should seriously consider the lessons to be learned and , if necessary , re-examine the regulations on the safety of large passenger ships in the light of the findings of the casualty investigation . " Maritime law attorney Richard Alsina said the agency has little teeth and is dealing with an industry that has a strong lobby . "  There is no general policing out there . They pretty much run their own show . " CNN 's Livia Borghese , Hada Messia , Dan Rivers , Mary Snow , Christopher Cottrell , Diana Magnay and Richard Allen Greene and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	Prayer service scheduled for missing U.S. couple Questions raised over cruise ship regulation A judge orders the stricken cruise ship 's captain to remain on house arrest for now A frustrated coast guard official sternly ordered the captain back to the ship , a transcript shows
CNN  -- In this tech-saturated world , few things are more annoying than car navigation systems that yell at you for making a wrong turn . "  Re-CALC-ulating , " the system says in that condescending robot voice , as if it is offended by having to rethink the route . "  Turn left at ... -LSB- sigh -RSB- ... recalculating ... " Such interactions lead people to think GPS devices are nagging them , said Mark Gretton , chief technology officer of TomTom , a GPS maker . "  The main interaction you have with the device is a series of commands , so that starts the tone of the relationship right from the start , " he said . "  It 's ` Do this , do that , turn right . ' " And it does n't help if the computer sounds snippy , he said . Despite advances in "  text to speech " technology , current computer voices can still be socially tone deaf . Car systems are bossy . E-readers read to us aloud , but they do n't know what they 're reading , so Shakespeare can sound just like a monotone reading of a spreadsheet . None of them can get intonations , pauses or emotional context quite right . Farhad Manjoo , a tech columnist at Slate , compared the Amazon Kindle 's reading voice , for example , to "  Gilbert Gottfried laid up with a tuberculin cough " and "  a dyslexic robot who spent his formative years in Eastern Europe . " So what gives ? With more than a decade of voice research under our belts , why ca n't computers speak our language -- or at least sound a bit more human ? Well , they 're trying , tech researchers say , but these machines face a striking number of technological hurdles in their efforts to sound un-robotic . Complex speech patterns The most obvious reason the computers have trouble is that human speech is almost infinitely complex . There are about 40 phonemes -- or basic sounds -- in the English language , but there are seemingly limitless combinations . To try to get computers on the right track , voice technologists record human actors reading all kinds of wacky sentences , which are designed to elicit as many phoneme combinations as possible . Computers store all these sentences in a database , chop them into sounds , and then remix them to make any possible combination of words . The result is intelligible , but it 's not quite human . A super-high-quality computer voice might require 40 hours of voice recordings in order to sound nearly human , said Andy Aaron , a computer speech researcher at IBM . That 's just for one voice , one accent . Computing power Aaron said computers that have lots of voice data to pull from can sound , at times , nearly human . But the issue is that not every computer has an entire server farm waiting to process every sentence it would like to say . Mobile phones and GPS devices , in particular , just do n't have enough computing power or storage space to thumb through mountains of voice files in order to sound as realistic as possible with current technology . The result : Corners are cut in the name of workability , and some of the nuances of the spoken language are lost , said Gretton of TomTom . This will improve as computers continue to get faster and able to store more data , he said . Parts of computer voices are also generated entirely from equations and models , not actor-read sounds . Those bits act as filler , and cut down on database sizes , too . Speak thy heart Another major problem for talking computers is that it 's somewhat difficult for them to replicate the sound of human emotion and inflection . This , however , is a major topic of speech research , and the technology appears to have made some strides . People who record the sentences that are the grist for computer speech sometimes are asked to read in different emotional states . Computers can pull from these sounds if they want to flip the pitch of a computer voice up at the end of a sentence , for example , in order to ask a question . Or they pull from higher frequencies to sound happy or excited . IBM Research has posted a demo of this on its website in order to show the differences between emotive and robotic computer voices . Take this example sentence : "  These cookies are delicious . " Listen to that sentence as read by a computer with no emotion . Here it is again , spoken by a computer using a system called Naxpres , which tries to take emotional cues into account . Notice that the voice perks up at the end , as if the computer is saying the cookies are "  de-LISH-ious . " It makes some difference . Emotional context But copying the sounds of human emotion is only half the battle . To really make computers sound more human , the machines have to understand what they 're reading -- at least to some degree -- so that they know when to inflect . This part of computer science is much more challenging , said Aaron . Consider another sample sentence : "  I say tomato , and you say tomato . " Most people would have heard that line before , and would automatically pronounce "  tomato " as "  to-mah-toe " the second time , said Aaron , of IBM . But not a computer . "  How would the computer know that those two words are supposed to be pronounced differently ? " Aaron said . "  It 's only real-world knowledge that can tell the computer that those two words are supposed to be pronounced differently . " The same applies to emotions and inflections . It 's difficult for a computer to know how to read a passage of text , and what emotions should apply . "  If you read a passage to somebody , you 're obviously going to read it a way that does justice to the content , " said Vlad Sejnoha , chief technology officer of Nuance , a company that develops speech technologies . "  If you 're reading a technical report , you 're probably not going to read it in a way that 's much different from a computer , but if you 're reading a poem , it 's a different kettle of fish , " he said . "  You 're really trying to communicate a lot of emotional meaning through the pauses you introduce and through the pacing and such . That really requires a pretty deep understanding " of language . ` You want to punch them ' As it turns out , the best computer voices may be those that sound exactly like the person who 's listening . If a computer voice matches your mood , your speech patterns , your accent and your tonal range , you 're less likely to be annoyed by it , researchers said . How well a computer voice matches the listener 's mood is not just a matter of preference -- it 's a matter of safety , said Clifford Nass , a Stanford professor who studies computer voices . In a 2005 study , Nass found that these emotional mismatches may actually be dangerous in driving situations . Sad drivers who get instructions from happy computer voices -- and happy drivers who listen to sad voices -- are more likely to have accidents , he said . The emotionally confused drivers are also less likely to be able to pay attention to the road . So , if you 're having a groggy sort of morning , instructions from a GPS device that sounds like a caffeinated cheerleader might just push you over the edge . "  If you think about it , when you 're happy , you want to be around happy people . But if you 're sad , do you really want to hang around chirpy , happy people saying , ` Let 's turn that frown upside down ? ' " he said . "  No . You want to punch them . " Sejnoha , from Nuance , said his company has developed a prototype computer voice system that listens to a person speak and then tries to mimic it . Gretton , from TomTom , said his company has n't looked into matching drivers ' emotions to the voices of their navigation systems yet . But one interim solution , he said , gives drivers many options when it comes to the voices of their computerized companions . TomTom offers a range of downloadable voices -- from the fictional Darth Vader and Homer Simpson to celebrities like the rapper Snoop Dogg . Users can also read a set of test sentences and have their own voices transferred into the GPS -- so that they 're , in effect , bossing themselves around . Perhaps it 's a little less tempting to yell at the computer if the computer sounds exactly like you do -- or as close as technology allows .	Computers still do n't sound human , even after years of research But technologists are making some strides IBM is trying to make computer voices convey emotion Professor says we attribute human characteristics to computer voices
CNN  -- The job ad listed the many unusual requirements for director of operations -- and still , a few dozen people answered it and set up video interviews : -- Must be able to work 135-plus hours a week , it said . -- Must working standing up for most hours , often overnight . -- No breaks . -- Eating depends on when the "  associate " eats . -- Able to manage 10 to 15 projects at one time .  There are many , many more tough demands on time , emotions and mental skills . -- And the work for Rehtom Inc.  there 's the first clue  is pro bono . Yes , for free . The job sounds impossible . But the people behind the ad say billions of people do it every day . If you go to the online version of the job ad , there is a link that goes to a video for #WorldsToughestJob , a Mother 's Day campaign on the American Greetings Card Store . The video is a reminder that a mother 's "  impact is endless . And so is her job description , " American Greetings says on the website . As you might guess , when the interviewer discusses the unique requirements for the job , many a head is shaken and words like "  crazy " and "  insane " are dispersed . Eventually , there is the reveal of the true job title -- mom -- and the sentimental among us have to brush away the tears as the tributes to moms flow . The video had been viewed through YouTube more than 4 million times since it was posted Monday . Andrea Mileskiewicz , an associate creative director for Boston-based Mullen , the advertising agency behind the spot , said that because Mother 's Day is such an important day for American Greetings , her team went in with big goals . "  The topic of mom is so heartfelt and so relatable , and we just wanted to make a video that inspired meaningful connections , " she said . "  We 're incredibly pleased with how people are connecting with it . " She shared some details about how the ad came to be . Mileskiewicz went home to Michigan where she spent time with her brother , his wife and their newborn , the couple 's second child . And , she said , it really hit home when she witnessed how hard being a mother was for her sister-in-law . When she went back to Boston , the planning for the Mother 's Day campaign was just beginning . She pitched the idea that many people talk about how hard being a mother is , but actually showing it would be a different take on a holiday campaign . Mileskiewicz said as the concept took shape , a team of moms from the two companies weighed in to give it its humor and authenticity . "  They took the idea to what it 's become , " she said . So Mullen placed an ad in newspapers and online . Craigslist ads linked to a fictitious job description page . Hundreds of thousands of people saw the ad online or in the papers , but only 24 answered it . That kind of proves the point that people think the job is too tough , Mileskiewicz said . Then the Mullen team set up interviews with people who were told they would be helping evaluate the job ad by video conference . The man who described the ad to them actually was an improv actor . Some of the test group came to an office in New York while others used a webcam from home , Mileskiewicz said . Only one person actually started to see the ruse while there . The others sat through about 15 minutes of interviewing before they were let in on the real message . "  Everyone -LSB- who -RSB- came in had no idea had no idea what they were reacting to , " Mileskiewicz said . "  All of those reactions are completely authentic . " So , will there be something similar for Father 's Day ? Mileskiewicz : "  All I can say is fathers are just as important , and it 's something we 're already excited about . So stayed tuned . "	The ad was fake , but it reminds people how hard one important person 's job is Hundreds of thousands of people saw the ad , but only 24 expressed interest in being hired People brought in to help evaluate the description were surprised to hear the real job title The video for the Mother 's Day campaign has been seen more than 4 million times
CNN  -- A generation once labeled "  slackers , " detached and melancholic has grown up to find out that reality does n't bite as much it seemed when they were younger . To the contrary , most of the 84 million Americans ages 30 to 50 are "  active , balanced and happy , " according to the authors of "  The Generation X Report , " a research report from the University of Michigan 's Longitudinal Study of American Youth . The release is the first in a series of quarterly reports based on questionnaires , interviews and tests from 4,000 Gen X respondents who have participated in the study since 1987 . The study defines Gen X as those born between 1961 and 1981 , though others sources tag Gen X as those born starting in 1964 . "  We hope that this series of reports will serve to correct some of the misunderstandings and misstatements about Generation X that have appeared in the media , " The Longitudinal Study of American Youth says on its website . "  Some commentators have characterized Generation X as being less successful than their parents and perhaps less ambitious than their parent 's generation . " The study marks the latest focus on Gen X as the cultural spotlight gradually shifts away from retiring Baby Boomers . The analysis bolsters findings in a recent marketing study , "  Gen X : Flirting With 40 , " which stated that Gen X has matured into a group of "  technologically savvy , adventurous pragmatists . " Recent media coverage of rants and reflections from Gen Xers in Gizmodo and The Atlantic has also generated intense discussion , fueling debate over whether a passing of the torch from Boomers is under way . The stated mission of the study , which is funded by the National Science Foundation , is to write the history and monitor the future of Generation X. Here 's some data from the report that may surprise you : Myth # 1 : Gen Xers are slackers . Reality : Generation X devotes more hours to work than average and pursues continuing education . -- Compared to a national sample of all U.S. adults , Gen Xers are more likely to be employed and are working significantly more hours above average , according to the study . In Generation X , 86 % is employed and 70 % devote 40 or more hours to work each week . For those holding a doctorate or professional degree , that number shoots up to 50 or more hours . Also , 79 % Gen X women work . -- Kids from "  The Breakfast Club " era were n't so strung out on emotional issues that they passed up learning : Half of Gen Xers have completed a post-secondary degree and 9 % are enrolled in continuing education . Myth # 2 : Generation X is hopelessly single and pessimistic about marriage . Reality : A higher percentage of Gen Xers stay married than Boomers , and most want to be married . -- Having spent their formative years in the era of growing divorce rates  divorce peaked in 1980  might lead to speculation that Gen X would run away from marriage en masse . In reality , two-thirds of Generation X is married and 71 % report having children in the home . Additionally , divorce has been declining since 1996 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . -- 83 % of Gen Xers said finding the right person to marry and having a happy family life is very important . Myth # 3 : Generation Xers are disengaged , existential isolationists . Reality : Gen X is social . -- There 's a reason Gen X is called the "  Friends " generation . The report states that Gen X has extensive social , occupational and community networks outside of the immediate family . Two-thirds of respondents entertain friends for dinner or participate in group cooking at least once a month . -- One in 3 Gen Xers is an active member of a church or religious organization , and 29 % volunteer in their community . -- 95 % of Gen Xers report talking with friends or family on the telephone at least once a week , and 29 % say they do so at least once a day . Myth # 4 : As former latch-key kids , Gen Xers are wimpy , neglectful parents . Reality : About 84 % of Gen X parents expect their children to earn at least a baccalaureate , and 39 % expect their child to earn a graduate or professional degree . -- 72 % of parents of preschool children read to them three or more hours a week , and 83 % of parents of secondary school students help with homework . Myth # 5 : Generation X is depressed . Reality : Generation X is actually pretty happy . - Two-thirds of Generation X are satisfied with their job ; 24 % of these workers rated their job at 9 or 10 on the satisfaction scale . - On a scale of 1 to 10 , with 10 meaning very happy , the median happiness score was 8 , with 29 % of Gen Xers saying they were very happy scoring a 9 or 10 . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	Generation X is outgrowing bad press as slackers and pessimists , study finds Generation born between 1961 and 1981 is "  active , balanced and happy , " report says Study finds 83 % say finding right person to marry , having happy family is important Two-thirds of respondents are satisfied with their job , report says
CNN  -- Spain 's Dani Pedrosa kept up the pressure on championship leader Jorge Lorenzo with victory in a rain-hit Malaysian MotoGP Sunday . Pedrosa passed pole sitter Lorenzo midway through the 20-lap race at Sepang which had to be shortened to 13 laps because of the appalling conditions . It was the third straight success for Honda 's Pedrosa , but each time Yamaha 's Lorenzo has occupied second place to limit the damage . He leads by 23 points overall with two rounds remaining in Australia and Valencia . Pedrosa crossed the line nearly four seconds ahead of Lorenzo as officials displayed the red flag to bring it to a premature halt . Several riders had already come unstuck in the heavy rain . It was his sixth victory of the season . Pedrosa 's teammate , the reigning world champion Casey Stoner of Australia , finished third , returning to the podium as he recovers from a ankle injury sustained in a crash in the U.S. round at Indianapolis . Ducati pair American Nicky Hayden and nine-time world champion Valentino Rossi finished fourth and fifth . Alex De Angelis won the Moto2 race , while German KTM rider Sandro Cortese clinched the Moto3 title after taking the checkered flag in that class . The proceedings marked a year since the tragic death of MotoGP star Marco Simoncelli in a freak accident at Sepang . A plaque has been unveiled in the Italian 's honor by Turn 11 of the circuit .	Dani Pedrosa wins Malaysian Moto-GP at Sepang Third straight victory for Spaniard to boost his title challenge Standings leader Jorge Lorenzo again finishes second Race cut to 13 laps from 20 because of wet conditions
CNN  -- Sen. Charles Schumer , saying he sees few tangible benefits for passengers , called Sunday on the Transportation Security Administration to reverse its decision to allow small pocketknives on airplanes . At an afternoon news conference in New York , Schumer said TSA agents would be distracted by having to measure knives and other items like baseball bats . "  These items are dangerous , and have not become less so in the years since they were banned from planes , " the New York Democrat said . "  Now is not the time for reduced vigilance , or to place additional burdens on TSA agents who should be looking for dangerous items . " During the news conference , Schumer held up a slender bladed object that he said would be allowed under the new rules . "  It looks dangerous and it is dangerous . This can kill someone , " he said . A representative from Schumer 's office later identified the object as a knife similar to ones made by office supply companies . The TSA subsequently responded by saying that knife would not be allowed on flights under new regulations because the blade can be locked in place and because the blade appeared to be a razor blade , which remain banned from passenger airplanes . Schumer 's request on the TSA rule change came a day after U.S. Rep. Ed Markey also came out against the TSA 's move . In a letter to TSA Administrator John Pistole , the Massachusetts Democrat expressed concern about the new policy and asked it be reversed . "  The attacks on September 11 , 2001 , demonstrated that in the confined environment of an airplane , even a small blade in the hands of a terrorist can lead to disaster , " wrote Markey , who is running for the U.S. Senate seat recently vacated by John Kerry . "  In addition , the additional responsibility of assessing which knives meet the new requirements could be a distraction for already overburdened screeners at TSA checkpoints , potentially leading to increased wait times and decreased security . " Knives on a plane ? Really ? Under the rules outlined this week , knives with blades no longer than 2.36 inches  6 centimeters  and less than a half-inch wide will be allowed in airline cabins as long as the blade is retractable and does not lock into place . Razorblades and box cutters are still prohibited . The rules also allow a passenger to carry two golf clubs , toy bats or other sports sticks -- such as ski poles , hockey sticks , lacrosse sticks and pool cues -- aboard in carry-on luggage . Pistole said the move brings the United States into alignment with international rules and is in keeping with his "  risk-based security " approach . Kip Hawley , who oversaw the TSA from 2005 to 2009 , said the search for knives interferes with the search for objects such as bombs and toxins that can threaten aircraft . Ex-TSA chief backs decision But others have sharply criticized the change , which takes effect April 25 . They include the Flight Attendants Union Coalition , a nearly 90,000-member group that has launched a campaign to reverse the TSA 's decision . The policy is also opposed by the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , a union representing more than 26,000 officers from 65 agencies . Delta Air Lines CEO Richard Anderson said Friday he shares the same "  legitimate concerns " as his flight attendants . Delta CEO opposed to allowing small knives on aircraft "  If the purpose is to increase security checkpoint flow , there are much more effective steps we can take together to streamline the security checkpoints with risk-based screening mechanisms , " he wrote in a letter to Pistole . CNN 's Jordana Ossad and Greg Botelho contributed to this story	Senator from New York says "  now is not the time for reduced vigilance " TSA will allow some pocketknives , sports equipment as of April 25 They were banned after September 11 , 2001 , attacks Some airline officials also have called for reversal
When , in 2002 , Denzel Washington and Halle Berry won both lead-acting honors at the Academy Awards , pundits and spin doctors were anxious to declare that the Oscars had achieved a great black apotheosis . They were off by , well , 12 years , As in "  12 Years a Slave , " which won three Oscars at Sunday night 's ceremony . These included best picture , a prize many believed would go to its closest competitor , the space thriller "  Gravity " -- a film that did win seven Oscars of its own Sunday night , including one for its director , Alfonso Cuaron . And though "  Slave 's " British director Steve McQueen missed out on becoming the first black filmmaker to win for best director , it seemed altogether appropriate for him to have had the last word with best picture during a ceremony more auspicious for African-American talent than any of its predecessors . Whether it was the thunderous ovation that greeted Lupita Nyong ' o as she accepted the best supporting actress prize for "  12 Years a Slave , " or the rousing reception that veteran pop vocalist Darlene Love received for her spontaneous a capella chorus of "  His Eye is on the Sparrow " as the documentary "  20 Feet from Stardom " received the best documentary prize , there was a sense that in the variety of awards and recognition , black artists in film were no longer announcing their arrival . They were there to stay . This prospect gets further context in a year that also saw the release of two commercially successful films , "  Fruitvale Station " and "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler , " that both emerged from and further stimulated the ongoing transition in America 's racial dialogue . And if there was any doubt as to the significance of this night 's milestones , it was emphatically erased by the appearance of 87-year-old Sidney Poitier , who , though frail and struggling to speak , nonetheless accepted a sustained standing ovation from the audience as he leaned on Angelina Jolie for support . He was there to mark the 50th anniversary of his groundbreaking win of the 1963 best actor Oscar for "  Lilies of the Field . " He and Jolie presented screenwriting honors , one of which went to John Ridley , whose win for best adapted screenplay for "  12 Years a Slave " made him only the second African-American to win a writing Oscar . These were the most momentous aspects of a ceremony that otherwise cruised along in a laid-back groove , conspicuous in its relative dearth of snarkiness , thanks mostly to this year 's host , Ellen DeGeneres , a daytime-TV-certified Nice Person , whose female impersonator joke at Liza Minnelli 's expense early in the proceedings was about as nasty as things got all night . And while Minnelli did not look amused at first , she seemed an enthusiastic participant in the evening 's most "  tweet " running gag : the "  selfie " riff . DeGeneres spread it out into the audience , drawing Meryl Streep and everybody else in the first rows into a selfie that quickly set a retweet record , and apparently temporarily broke Twitter 's platform . It all seemed very baggy-sweater cozy and fun to watch . But would it be , well , snarky to suggest that the camera phone she was springing into action was provided by Samsung , one of the broadcast 's biggest sponsors ? It 's tough playing the spoilsport for what some might consider the sweetest Academy Awards ceremony in years -- and others might call the most cloying . There was little opportunity for embarrassment as the evening clipped cheerfully along , and even the disorienting sight of 81-year-old Kim Novak 's facelift was mitigated by best actor winner Matthew McConaughey 's courtly grace as they presented the animation prizes . One remembers what novelist and screenwriter Raymond Chandler once wrote about the awards back in 1949 -- that they are a manifestation of Hollywood 's "  chronic case of spurious excitement over absolutely nothing . " He 's still not altogether wrong . Any Academy Awards ceremony can seem like a water drop on the linoleum counter of history . It leaves no stain , no residue . It just evaporates . But thanks to "  12 Years a Slave , " maybe not this one .	Gene Seymour : Oscar wins like "  12 Years a Slave " show black artists here to stay in Hollywood He says Lupita Nyong ' o and Darlene Love both drew rousing ovations He says ceremony otherwise uneventful ; Degeneres a cozy host , despite dig at Minnelli Seymour : Oscars do n't usually leave a trace , but "  12 Years " could make this one different
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored two stunning goals as Real Madrid closed the gap at the top of La Liga with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Osasuna at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday . The Portuguese opened the scoring after six minutes with a 25-yard strike before adding a similarly spectacular second just after half-time . Headers from Sergio Ramos and Daniel Carvajal added gloss to the victory which moves Real into second place above Barcelona and three points behind league leaders Atletico Madrid . Atletico can stretch their lead at the top of the table back to six points if they win away to Valencia on Sunday while Barcelona can go above Carlo Ancelotti 's men themselves with victory at Villareal . Both Atleti and Barca will have played a game more than Real by the time the weekend 's fixtures are complete , however . On the performance of his side and particularly Ronaldo who has suffered with injury in recent weeks , Real coach , Ancelotti , told reporters after the game that "  everything went well for Cristiano and for all of the players . There were no problems and some have had a rest . "  The match was good , not high intensity , and Cristiano showed he is fine , " he added . Real are next in action on Tuesday as they look to protect their slender one goal lead over Bayern Munich in the second leg of the Champions League semifinal . Bayern find form The reigning German and European champions , Bayern , were in fine fettle themselves on Saturday as they bounced back from first-leg defeat against Real to record a comfortable 5-2 victory over Werder Bremen at the Allianz Arena . Franck Ribery , Claudio Pizarro  2  , Bastian Schweinsteiger and Arjen Robben scored the goals for Pep Guardiola 's men . Elsewhere in Germany , Borussia Dortmund ensured they would finish the Bundesliga season in second position after twice coming from behind to draw with fourth placed Bayer Leverkusen . Goals from Lars Bender and Gonzalo Castro had twice given Champions League chasing Leverkusen the lead but Oliver Kirch and Marco Reus hit back for Dortmund both times . Leverkusen remain in fourth position , four points behind third-placed Schalke who play tomorrow against Borussia Monchengladbach , themselves chasing a Europa League place . Fifth placed Wolfsburg missed the opportunity to leapfrog Leverkusen after they could only draw 2-2 at home to Freiburg . Napoli close in on third In Italy , Napoli drew 0-0 away to fifth-placed Inter Milan meaning one more victory will guarantee Rafa Benitez 's side a spot in next season 's Champions League qualifying stages . The Neapolitans currently sit in third place in the Serie A table , eight ahead of fourth-placed Fiorentina who earlier won 3-0 away to relegation threatened Bologna . Two goals from Juan Cuadrado and another from Josip Ilicic were enough for the Viola who now look likely to claim a Europa League place unless Napoli suffers a dramatic collapse . PSG kept waiting In France , meanwhile , two goals from Dimitar Berbatov helped second place Monaco to victory at AC Ajaccio , ensuring Paris Saint Germain will have to wait until at least tomorrow to claim the Ligue 1 title . The Bulgarian scored his seventh and eight goals for the club since signing on loan from Fulham in January as Claudio Ranieri 's men ran out comfortable 4-1 winners . With a seven-point lead atop the table and only four games remaining , PSG are unlikely to be denied a second successive league crown . In winning at Ajaccio , however , Monaco moved 11 points clear of third-placed Lille , all but confirming automatic qualification to the group stages of next seasons Champion 's League .	Two Cristiano Ronaldo strikes give Real Madrid 4-0 victory over Osasuna Bayern return to form in Germany with 5-2 victory over Werder Bremen Monaco keep PSG title celebrations on ice
CNN  -- Iran wo n't be attending this week 's international peace conference on Syria because it wo n't embrace the framework laid out in a previous conference , U.N. and Iranian officials said Monday . The last-minute invitation to Iran , a leading Syrian ally , had threatened to derail the talks after the leading Syrian opposition group and the United States spoke out against it . Louay Safi , a spokesman for the Syrian National Coalition , called Iran 's attendance "  a deal-breaker . " Iran announced Monday afternoon that it would not accept "  any preconditions " for joining the talks , slated to begin Wednesday in Switzerland . That includes acceptance of the communique issued at the first Geneva conference in 2012 , said Mohammad Khazaee , Tehran 's U.N. ambassador . "  If the participation of Iran is conditioned to accept Geneva I communique , Iran will not participate in Geneva II conference , " Khazaee said in a written statement Monday afternoon . Foreign Minister Javad Zarif had made a similar declaration on Iranian state TV earlier Monday . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who issued the invitation Sunday , believed he had Iran 's assurance that it accepted the original Geneva declaration , his spokesman , Martin Nesirky , told reporters . "  The secretary-general is deeply disappointed by Iranian public statements today that are not at all consistent with that stated commitment , " Nesirky said.The declaration "  remains the internationally agreed framework for ending the crisis , " he said -- and without Iran 's acceptance , this week 's conference "  will proceed without Iran 's participation , " he added . The goal of the talks is to set up a transitional government to help end the violence that has wracked the country . The United Nations says more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since the revolt against President Bashar al-Assad began in 2011 . The Geneva I communique calls for a transitional government and eventual free elections as part of a political settlement to end the war . Monday 's news capped a day of what Ban described as "  intensive and urgent " discussions . " Gruesome Syria photos may prove torture by Assad regime The opposition coalition initially set a 2 p.m. ET deadline for its conditions to be met . When that time passed , the coalition said it would await Ban 's decision before making any moves on its own . Safi told CNN that Ban "  did the right thing " by withdrawing Iran 's invitation . And in Washington , the State Department praised the move . "  We are hopeful that , in the wake of today 's announcement , all parties can now return to focus on the task at hand , which is bringing an end to the suffering of the Syrian people and beginning a process toward a long overdue political transition , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . Western intelligence officials believe Iran has provided fighters , intelligence and communications to support al-Assad . In addition , fighters from the Iranian-backed Shiite militia Hezbollah have seen combat in Syria on the side of the government . Most outside support for rebel forces has come from the Persian Gulf monarchies of Saudi Arabia and Qatar . U.S. aid has been limited largely to non-lethal assistance such as communications gear and medical equipment , and American officials have struggled with how to back opposition groups without providing weapons to those linked to Islamic militants . Syrian opposition votes to attend Geneva 2 peace talks A preliminary international session is scheduled for Wednesday in Montreux , Switzerland , with talks between the Syrian government and opposition delegations slated to begin Friday in Geneva . Al-Assad has called for the conference to include a focus on "  fighting terrorism " in Syria . Throughout the civil war , Syria has blamed violence on "  terrorists . " "  The obvious matter that we continuously talk about , is that we like Geneva conference to have clear resolution concerning fighting terrorism in Syria , and put pressure on the countries that export terrorism to Syria , by sending terrorists to Syria , sending money to terrorist organizations and sending weapons , especially Saudi and Turkey , and of course the western countries who create political cover for these organizations , " al-Assad said in an interview with AFP . Saudi Arabia and Turkey have denied similar accusations from Syria in the past . Any political resolution that comes out of the talks "  without considering fighting terrorism will have no value , " al-Assad added . ` Iran needs to be part of the solution ' Damascus softens its stance as talks near Ban announced the invitation to Iran at a surprise news conference Sunday night . "  As I have said repeatedly , I believe strongly that Iran needs to be part of the solution to the Syrian crisis , " Ban said , adding that he has spoken "  at length " with Zarif in recent days . "  He has assured me that , like all the other countries invited to the opening day discussions in Montreux , Iran understands that the basis of the talks is the full implementation of the 30 June 2012 Geneva Communique , including the Action Plan . "  Foreign Minister Zarif and I agree that the goal of the negotiations is to establish , by mutual consent , a transitional governing body with full executive powers . It was on that basis that Foreign Minister Zarif pledged that Iran would play a positive and constructive role in Montreux , " Ban said . On Monday , two car bombs exploded in northern Syria near a border crossing with Turkey , killing 10 people , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . The Bab al Hawa border crossing has been has been one of the main terminals for sending supplies from Turkey into rebel-held portions of Syria , though it has been closed during periods of violence on the Syrian side of the border . Monday 's bombing was the latest attack there . Last February , an explosion rocked a customs gate on the Turkish side , killing at least 13 people , the Turkish government said . Syrian rebels first overran the Syrian border gate at Bab el Hawa in the summer of 2012 , flushing out government forces after days of fighting , though different groups have battled for control of the area since . The Syrian side of the border gate currently is held by an Islamist militant group , opposition activists say . Photos : Haunting images of Syria 's abandoned homes CNN 's Josh Levs , Elise Labott , Ivan Watson and Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Ban is "  deeply disappointed " by Iran 's statements , his spokesman says Iran says it wo n't attend Geneva talks if it has to accept "  preconditions " Syrian opposition and the United States had called for Iran 's invitation to be rescinded The goal of talks is to set up a transitional government to end the violence
CNN  -- The Internet is the largest collection of humanity 's knowledge . Through my work in music , I want to show people that the Internet can not only break down barriers but also redefine the limits of what is possible . The polymaths and Renaissance men of yesteryear had to devote their lives to the pursuit of the same knowledge that we can access with one click . I am fortunate to come from a family inclined toward the arts -- thanks to which , they are all very difficult to impress . My great-grandfather was an Eastern music scholar and multi-instrumentalist . He played instruments like the sarangi , the harmonium and the violin . He traveled throughout Pakistan and Britain to develop and refine his musical style . Watch Usman Riaz perform at TEDGlobal with Preston Reed My grandmother , choosing to follow in her father 's footsteps , became an Eastern classical musician and a stage performer . Her brother , my great-uncle , is one of Pakistan 's last remaining orators -- professional storytellers who read old stories written by famous writers of the Subcontinent . His wife is one of the country 's leading Kathak dancers . Their son , my cousin , is one of the country 's greatest percussion and tabla players . My parents were also stage performers , and recognized that I had musical aptitude at an early age . I was classically trained in piano since age 6 -- which is how I fell in love with Western classical composers like Mozart and Chopin . As I got older , I wanted to branch out and experiment with other instruments . But I felt very limited in Pakistan . Music teachers there are in great demand and tend to focus only on Western classical or Eastern classical music . It had taken my great-grandfather his whole life to master and play his chosen instruments . Now , I had no choice but to let the Internet be my teacher . TED.com : Kaki King rocks out to "  Pink Noise " I watched hundreds and hundreds of videos online . I would close my eyes and listen to the audio again and again , trying to decipher each note . Or I would pause the clips at just the right moment to examine the musicians ' finger positions . As time went by , it got easier for me to pick up on things from the Internet . I grew more confident , which allowed me to branch out and develop . I started playing percussion instruments , the mandolin , the harmonica and more . Thanks to my classical training , my musical ear also improved , which enabled me to write and arrange orchestral pieces . Here 's an example , ` The Waves ' , which I wrote when I was 17 . TED.com : Raul Midon plays "  Peace on Earth " On the Internet , I can manufacture my own philharmonic orchestra , with string sections and woodwinds playing my music from all over the world , as I did with my orchestral album "  Circus in the Sky , " which is a full representation of my approach to music and storytelling . It is a concept album , each piece is a progression through the innocence and playfulness of youth , the joys and sorrows of life as one gets older , spiritual awakening and finally death . I applied to Boston 's Berklee College of Music after high school , but decided not to go to the audition for admission . I wanted to record my music professionally in a studio instead , to clear my head of all the musical ideas that were already building up in my system . TED.com : Natalie MacMaster fiddles in real time I try to not limit myself to music ; I get involved in every creative process , such as directing and writing my own musical short films to complement my compositions and I do all the artwork that accompanies my music , such as the sleeve paintings for the "  Circus in the Sky " CDs . It was an honor to be chosen as a 2012 TED Fellow . To perform onstage with Preston Reed , one of my all-time favorite musicians , was something I will never forget for the rest of my life . And I was able to discuss learning with TED curator Chris Anderson , who has described how the Internet is encouraging people around the world to develop skills , such as the ability to learn to play musical instruments , that might have previously been out of reach . Apart from my classical training in piano , I have learned everything I know about music by watching other people -- many of them the best in their fields -- play online . To me , that has been the best way to learn . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Usman Riaz .	Usman Riaz : Acquiring skill in music has long required learning from teachers He says the role of the teacher can now be fulfilled through online resources Riaz : I learned to master percussive guitar through watching others on video At TEDGlobal conference , Riaz played guitar with one of his heroes , Preston Reed
Rancho Palos Verdes , California  CNN  -- The next version of Windows will look a lot like Windows Phone 7 . But the familiar PC design is still there under the hood . Microsoft unveiled the design for Windows 8 at the All Things Digital conference here on Wednesday . The software giant plans to provide a more extensive demonstration at a conference for application developers in September . Windows 8 , which may not be the final name for the operating system , wo n't be available in stores this fall , as optimists had predicted , said Steven Sinofsky , the Windows division president . Analysts expect it to be released next year . The vast majority of PCs sold run Windows , but the tablet market currently belongs to Apple . Microsoft put a large focus on tablets during the Windows 8 presentation . Microsoft has been taking stabs at tablet PCs over the last decade . The company failed at its attempts to effectively adapt the Windows desktop , Start menu and all , to touchscreens . In a grand concession , Microsoft is now borrowing a page from Apple 's iOS and Google 's Android . Windows 8 takes the colorful tiles and finger-swipe gestures from the Windows Phone operating system and expands them to a larger screen -- in this demo , 10.6 inches diagonally . Like a smartphone , the system lights up to a "  lock screen , " which has some alerts and diagnostic information set atop a background picture . Once inside , small squares represent each app containing snippets of information . A finger swipe on the right side of the screen opens a menu of buttons for functions like search , sharing and a shortcut to the home screen . Swiping on the left side switches between open apps . Microsoft will ask developers to write software tailored to the new look . But the system will also run older Windows programs . They open to a screen that resembles the classic desktop , but windows can be dragged with a finger . Sinofsky , the Windows head , stressed the importance of not abandoning the established and reliable technologies from the PC era . "  A mouse has a precision that your finger ca n't approach , " he said . "  The mouse and the keyboard are just tools . They 're not evil in and of themselves . " Nokia CEO Stephen Elop , who took the stage after the Microsoft folks , entertained the idea of building a Windows tablet . Thanks to a recent partnership , Nokia has "  a very unique relationship with Microsoft , " and Windows 8 looks "  beautiful , " Elop said . Companies with less unique relationships with Microsoft are n't as enthusiastic . For example , Acer CEO J.T. Wang told Bloomberg that Microsoft was trying to set restrictions on software licensees . Microsoft comes into tablets as the underdog . The modern tablet war is already a year old , and new entrants are marching . BlackBerry maker Research in Motion is targeting businesses with its PlayBook , and Hewlett-Packard plans to install its webOS software on the computers , printers , phones and tablets it makes . HP may also license webOS to other hardware manufacturers , HP CEO Leo Apotheker said here on Wednesday . Windows 8 is still in development , so it 's unclear how well the system will run on tablets . The demo was silky smooth , but the touchscreen Microsoft used was connected to a hidden desktop computer , rather than contained within the portable hardware . Microsoft says Windows 8 will be able to run on processors designed by ARM Holdings , in addition to Intel chips . That 's an important addition because ARM 's technology is winning among most smartphone and tablet makers . ARM President Tudor Brown predicted on Monday that his chips will be used in at least half of all mobile devices sold , which includes laptops .	Windows 8 looks much like Windows Phone but also has the familiar desktop look Microsoft unveiled the new design at a conference on Wednesday The next version of Windows is expected to be released next year
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG dropped its claim Monday for a $ 17.5 million insurance policy for Michael Jackson , just days after e-mails revealed the concert promoter had doubts about Jackson 's health at the time they were applying for the insurance . AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam told CNN later Monday the move has been in the works for months and is not connected with the controversy over the e-mails . A Lloyds of London underwriter sued AEG and Michael Jackson LLC after Jackson 's death , claiming they failed to disclose information about the pop star 's health and drug use . "  In exchange for AEG withdrawing its insurance claim , underwriters agreed to dismiss AEG from the case and to waive any costs recoverable from AEG , " said Paul Schrieffer , attorney for the insurance underwriter . "  The insurance case continues against the Michael Jackson Company LLC for , among other things , rescission of the policy due to nondisclosures of Michael Jackson 's prior drug use . " Source of leaked Michael Jackson e-mails identified The Michael Jackson estate , which controls Michael Jackson Company LLC , is still pursuing the insurance payout , its lawyer said Monday . Jackson died of an overdose of a surgical anesthesia in combination with sedatives on June 25 , 2009 , according the the Los Angeles County coroner . Dr. Conrad Murray was found guilty last year of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . A controversy over the insurance claim erupted last week after the Los Angeles Times published e-mails which the insurance lawyer said had not been provided to him despite a year of discovery in the case . Randy Phillips , the president of AEG Live -- the concert-promotion branch of AEG -- called Jackson 's death "  a terrible tragedy " in one e-mail written weeks after he died , adding "  but life must go on . " "  AEG will make a fortune from merch sales , ticket retention , the touring exhibition and the film/dvd , " Phillips wrote . In fact , AEG Live was allowed to sell Jackson tour merchandise and share in the profits from the documentary "  This Is It , " produced from rehearsal video . The e-mails suggest AEG Live 's president saw Jackson 's problems first-hand the day the pop star was to appear at the O2 Arena to publicly announce the shows . "  MJ is locked in his room drunk and despondent , " Phillips wrote in a March 5 , 2009 , e-mail to AEG Live 's parent company , the paper reported . "  I  am  trying to sober him up . " "  I screamed at him so loud the walls are shaking , " Phillips wrote . "  He is an emotionally paralyzed mess riddled with self-loathing and doubt now that it is show time . " The promoter blamed London traffic when Jackson was 90 minutes late for the announcement that day . "  He 's as healthy as he can be -- no health problems whatsoever , " Phillips told CNN two months later to refute reports Jackson 's health was threatening the concerts . The Los Angeles Times story , however , said the e-mails indicated major doubts about Jackson 's ability to perform . "  We can not be forced into stopping this , which MJ will try to do because he is lazy and constantly changes his mind to fit his immediate wants , " AEG Live executive Paul Gongaware e-mailed to Phillips . Jackson 's missed rehearsals in June triggered concerns in e-mails that he was slow in learning his dance routines and would have to lip-sync on stage , the newspaper reported . "  MJ is not in shape enough yet to sing this stuff live and dance at the same time , " one e-mail from the show 's music director read , the paper reported . A production manager wrote : "  He was a basket case . Doubt is pervasive . " A loud warning from show director Kenny Ortega , who worked closely with Jackson on previous tours , came in mid-June , just over a week before his death . Ortega wrote to Phillips that Jackson had "  strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior " and suggesting they bring a "  top psychiatrist in to evaluate him ASAP . " Previously on CNN.com : Jackson family drama "  It is like there are two people there . One  deep inside  trying to hold on to what he was and still can be and not wanting us to quit him , the other in this weakened and troubled state , " Ortega wrote . "  I believe we need professional guidance in this matter . " Ortega testified at Murray 's trial about his concerns about Jackson 's frail condition and missed rehearsals . It resulted in a meeting six days before Jackson 's death in which Murray assured the promoters he would have Jackson ready for rehearsals that next week . An e-mail from Phillips after that meeting said he had confidence in Murray "  who I am gaining immense respect for as I get to deal with him more . " "  This doctor is extremely successful  we check everyone out  and does not need this gig , so he  is  totally unbiased and ethical , " Phillips ' e-mail said . A wrongful-death lawsuit , filed by Jackson 's mother and his three children , contends that AEG contributed to the pop star 's death by pressuring him to prepare even though the promoters knew he was in a weak condition and by its hiring and supervision of Dr. Murray . "  Defendants did not hire Dr. Murray nor were they responsible for the death of Michael Jackson , " AEG lawyer Putnam told CNN last week . AEG 's lawyer accused Katherine Jackson , the children and their lawyers of leaking the e-mails to a reporter , in violation of a court order , despite a claim of responsibility by someone else . Howard Mann , who partnered with Katherine Jackson on a book about her family , acknowledged to CNN last week that he gave the documents to Times reporter Harriet Ryan . Mann was involved in a bitter copyright dispute concerning that book with Jackson 's estate at the time he gave the reporter the documents , but the lawsuit was settled last week . Mann said he obtained the documents from various sources , but none of them came from the Jacksons or their lawyers . Some of the documents were part of discovery in other cases , including the criminal trial of Murray , he said . AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam , who said Tuesday that he had "  unequivocal evidence " showing that Michael Jackson 's mother and her lawyers leaked the e-mails , has asked the judge in the wrongful-death suit to punish Katherine Jackson with fines and exclude the e-mails as evidence in the case . "  The documents released to the press were given to Mrs. Jackson and her attorneys -- and to no one else -- confidentially in discovery and subject to a court order , " Putnam said Tuesday . On Thursday , he called it "  convenient that Howard Mann -- a longtime business partner of the Jackson family -- has come forward in this fashion . " AEG served a subpoena on Mann , ordering him to testify under oath about the source of the e-mails , on Friday , Putnam said . "  Whether these documents were leaked through an intermediary or directly by Mrs. Jackson and her counsel , this remains an egregious violation of the court 's order requiring immediate sanctions and an investigation , " the AEG lawyer said . Putnam accused Jackson and her lawyers of leaking the documents -- despite that their "  publication hurts her son 's memory and her grandchildren more than anyone else " -- because they "  know they can not win on the law and are losing control over the case . " "  After months of discovery , plaintiffs now know what we have known all along -- there is nothing to support their claims , " the AEG lawyer said . Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle said the admission by Mann that he was the source of the e-mails should settle the matter . "  He  Mann  definitely never received any documents from Katherine , Prince , Paris , or Blanket Jackson , nor from their lawyers in the wrongful death suit against AEG , " said Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle . Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson are Michael Jackson 's children . Boyle criticized AEG 's lawyers for their haste in pointing the finger at the Jacksons . "  AEG made these accusations against the Jackson family and their lawyers apparently without doing even the most rudimentary investigation , " Boyle said . "  We are further disturbed that the motion for sanctions filed by AEG was given to the press before it was served on Katherine Jackson or her counsel . "	NEW : AEG 's decision is not connected with the e-mail controversy , it 's lawyer says E-mails leaked last week show concert promoters ' doubts about Michael Jackson 's health A Lloyds of London underwriter insured Jackson 's concert for $ 17.5 million Jackson died two weeks before his London shows were set to begin
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- The operator of a trolley that rear-ended another trolley should have been able to see the other vehicle was stopped 480 feet ahead , a federal investigator said Monday . Passengers walk past firefighters at a Green Line station in Boston after the trolley collision Friday evening . The trolley driver has told investigators he was text messaging during Friday night 's collision , which injured 20 people . The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority , which previously had banned operators from using cell phones and other portable devices , now has told employees to leave the devices at home while on duty , National Transportation Safety Board member Debbie Hersman said Monday . Hersman also noted investigators have determined that the operator may have missed some crucial indications of a stopped trolley ahead on the tracks . Watch new transit rule on cell phones " "  There were several signals -- two green signals , a yellow signal and a red signal -- coming out of the station , and the point of collision occurred 80 feet past that red signal , " Hersman said . "  We did a site-distance test , and we know that the operator had the ability to see the trolley stopped in front of him 480 feet in advance of the collision . " Boston officials said over the weekend that the trolley operator was using his cell phone . Numerous media outlets , including CNN 's Boston affiliates , have identified the driver as 24-year-old Aiden Quinn . "  The operator of the striking train was interviewed at the hospital by two detectives , " said MBTA general manager Daniel Grabauskas . "  He admitted that he was texting at the time of the accident . " The operator told detectives that , when he looked up , "  it was too late as he applied the brake and the train struck the other trolley , " Grabauskas said . He described himself as "  outraged . " "  We have reinforced for a number of years that the use of cell phones or any other kinds of electronic devices while operating a train or a bus is absolutely prohibited , " Grabauskas said . Though the investigation is ongoing , he said , the two-year employee will be fired if his version of events is confirmed . None of the injuries was considered life-threatening , the MBTA said . The collision happened at 7:18 p.m. ET Friday as the Green Line trains were traveling between the Park Street and Government Center stations in downtown Boston . Both trains were traveling westbound when one train rear-ended the second , an MBTA official said . A train operator also was text messaging last year in a California train crash that killed 25 people . CNN 's Rob Frehse and Gary Bender contributed to this report .	Federal investigator says Boston trolley crashed 80 feet past a red light Trolley driver told investigators he was texting during wreck that injured 20 people Drivers already banned from using phones ; authority now says keep them at home
Mashable  -- Kimmel used Wednesday 's episode of his Jimmy Kimmel Live show to declare November 17 , 2010 National UnFriend Day -LSB- NUD -RSB- -- a new holiday he hopes will inspire Facebook users to unfriend the social networking contacts that are n't real friends . Late night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel believes Facebook is cheapening the meaning of friendship . "  NUD is the international day when all Facebook users shall protect the sacred nature of friendship by cutting out any ` friend fat ' on their pages occupied by people who are not truly their friends , " according to the show 's website . Admittedly , Facebook friending does seem to be out of control . Facebook was once the social networking site we chose over MySpace to connect with our real friends ; but over the years , many of us have accumulated dozens , if not hundreds , of Facebook friends that are , in fact , not actually our friends . Kimmel may have a point , but this rather funny joke of a holiday seems to be more a late night comedy sketch than an event manufactured out of real concern for the status of friendship . Still , National UnFriend Day is good natured -- at least for those not being unfriended -- and we might even take the day to cut some friend fat of our own .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	November 17 declared National UnFriend Day on Jimmy Kimmel Live show Kimmel believes Facebook is cheapening the meaning of friendship Admittedly , Facebook friending does seem to be out of control
CNN  Two Renaissance sculptures of a nude man riding a panther may have been created by Michelangelo , says a British museum . The Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge says that the bronze sculptures , known as the Rothschild Bronzes and dating from the 1500s , were probably created just after the famed artist 's David and just before he painted the ceiling of the Vatican 's Sistine Chapel . The museum and researchers at the University of Cambridge say they have "  compelling evidence " that the works , attributed to a Dutch sculptor , are actually from Michelangelo . If so , they are the only surviving Michelangelo bronzes in the world , says the museum . The key clue that the unsigned bronzes were actually done by Michelangelo came from one of the master 's apprentices . Last year , Paul Joannides , a Cambridge art history professor , noted that a Michelangelo student had made a study of several Michelangelo sketches for works believed lost . One of the drawings in the study , which dates from 1508 , matched one of the bronzes . Further research indicated they were in Michelangelo 's style , and X-rays roughly confirmed the era of their creation . "  Even a peroneal tendon is visible , as is the transverse arch of the foot , " wrote University of Warwick anatomist Peter Abrahams , according to the UK Guardian . Victoria Avery , keeper of applied arts at the Fitzwilliam Museum , described the project to the Guardian as "  a Renaissance whodunit . " She says that the museum was careful in assembling the evidence and that the works are masterpieces . "  The modeling is superb , they are so powerful and so compelling , so whoever made them had to be superb , " she said . The works -- and some of the evidence -- will be on display at the Fitzwilliam from Tuesday through August 9 . Though the museum is confident of the works ' origins , research is continuing , and results will be presented at a conference in early July .	Formerly obscure works are believed to be by Michelangelo The bronze sculptures will go on display at a museum in Cambridge , England Key clue was a study from an apprentice in early 16th century
CNN  -- Glenn Greenwald , the reporter who broke the news about secret U.S. surveillance programs , said the authorities who took his partner into custody at London 's Heathrow Airport "  are going to regret what they did . " "  I am going to write my stories a lot more aggressively now , " the Guardian reporter told Brazil 's Globo TV on Monday in Rio de Janeiro . "  I am going to publish many more documents now . I am going to publish a lot about England , too , I have a lot of documents about the espionage system in England . Now my focus is going to be that as well . " Greenwald 's partner , 28-year-old David Miranda , was held for nearly nine hours . He was reportedly passing through the airport on his way home to Brazil after leaving Berlin . Authorities seized his laptop , phone , and other materials . The White House knew the move was coming . "  There was a heads up that was provided by the British government , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday . So the United States knew it "  was likely to occur , but it 's not something that we 've requested and it 's something that was done specifically by the British law enforcement officials there , " he said . He would not comment on whether the United States has obtained material from Miranda 's laptop -- and would not say whether President Barack Obama condemns the detention . Agents asked ` about my entire life ' Miranda , also speaking to Globo TV in Rio , said agents were asking him questions "  about my entire life . " "  I was in a room , there were six different agents coming in and out and talking to me , " he said . "  They took my computer , video games , cell phone , everything . " The detention was reported by The Guardian . Before releasing him , authorities seized Miranda 's laptop , cell phone , video game consoles and USB sticks , Greenwald wrote for The Guardian . "  This is obviously a rather profound escalation of their attacks on the news-gathering process and journalism , " he said . "  It 's bad enough to prosecute and imprison sources . It 's worse still to imprison journalists who report the truth . But to start detaining the family members and loved ones of journalists is simply despotic . Even the Mafia had ethical rules against targeting the family members of people they felt threatened by . " A Metropolitan Police spokesman confirmed that a 28-year-old man was detained Sunday at Heathrow . The spokesman said the man was held for close to nine hours under Schedule 7 of the Terrorism Act 2000 . ` Grave concern ' Brazil 's foreign ministry issued a statement Sunday expressing "  grave concern " over the incident . Anger had erupted in Brazil when citizens learned of U.S. National Security Agency spying on Brazil . "  This measure is without justification since it involves an individual against whom there are no charges that can legitimate the use of that legislation . The Brazilian government expects that incidents such as the one that happened to the Brazilian citizen today do not repeat . " According to The Guardian , nine hours is the maximum time allowed before authorities must either release or arrest a detained individual . Miranda was returning to their home in Rio de Janeiro . While in Berlin , Miranda stayed with filmmaker Laura Poitras , who has worked "  extensively " with Greenwald on his stories about the National Security Agency , the reporter wrote . The Guardian reported that it paid for Miranda 's flights . "  Miranda is not a Guardian employee but often assists Greenwald in his work , " the newspaper said . Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger , in an editorial , wrote that "  Miranda is not a journalist , but he still plays a valuable role in helping his partner do his journalistic work . " He added that Greenwald 's work on the reams of material provided by Snowden has been "  immensely complicated by the certainty that it would be highly unadvisable for Greenwald  or any other journalist  to regard any electronic means of communication as safe . The Guardian 's work on the Snowden story has involved many individuals taking a huge number of flights in order to have face-to-face meetings . " Miranda is quoted by the Guardian as saying : "  So they think I have a big connection . But I do n't have a role . I do n't look at documents . I do n't even know if it was documents that I was carrying . It could have been for the movie that Laura is working on . " "  If the UK and U.S. governments believe that tactics like this are going to deter or intimidate us in any way from continuing to report aggressively on what these documents reveal , they are beyond deluded , " said Greenwald . "  If anything , it will have only the opposite effect : to embolden us even further . "	The White House knew the move was coming , spokesman says David Miranda , 28 , was reportedly held for nearly nine hours Glenn Greenwald broke the story about secret surveillance programs in the United States Greenwald says he 'll focus efforts on the English spy system
CNN  -- A federal scuba-diving team conducting a training dive in a Miami canal last week made a grisly discovery -- a human skull , authorities said Tuesday . The team was conducting routine training January 5 in the Palmetto Bay area when a diver discovered the skull in about 15 to 20 feet of water , said Nicole Navas , a spokeswoman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . An initial assessment by the Miami-Dade Police Department determined the skull probably belonged to a black male , 25 to 45 years old , Navas said . The time and cause of death could not immediately be determined . The Miami-Dade medical examiner 's office took custody of the skull for investigation . A spokesman for the medical examiner said that in addition to looking for evidence of homicide , suicide , accidental death or natural death , his examiners also will consult with a local expert on Afro-Caribbean religions . "  Periodically , human skulls found in our jurisdiction are traced to Santeria or Palo Mayombe source , " said spokesman Larry Cameron . Published accounts say adherents of those religions have disinterred remains for religious rituals , and Cameron said customs officials at airport ports of entry sometimes discover skulls being brought in for that purpose . "  In many of these cases identification is never made , and thus the skulls find a permanent home in our anthropology room , " he said . But , he said , "  at this point we have not proceeded real far with our investigation , " and no possibility has been eliminated . The discovery was disclosed Tuesday in an Immigration and Customs Enforcement news release summarizing the activities of the ICE Miami Tactical Dive Team , which assists in providing security on Florida waterways , aids in drug interdiction efforts and helps conduct underwater searches .	The skull was found during a training exercise in a Miami canal The medical examiner is looking into possible causes of death Some skulls are disinterred for use in Santeria and Palo Mayombe rituals , officials say
A 29-year-old Virginia woman charged with lying to the FBI about alleged connections to the terror group ISIS will remain in jail until her trial . Heather Coffman of Henrico County , Virginia , stood quietly in federal court in Richmond on Wednesday , where she waived her right to a detention hearing and a preliminary hearing . Coffman , mother of a 7-year-old son , is accused of trying to help people go to Syria to take up arms with ISIS . No court date was set at the hearing Wednesday for Coffman , who was dressed in a navy-blue jailhouse jumpsuit and bright orange rubber shoes , her brown hair unkempt and her face emotionless . Authorities say they built their case against Coffman over several months using information from a series of undercover interviews and social media posts . Coffman first caught the attention of the FBI through her Facebook activity , according to a criminal complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia . Investigators say Coffman , using the name Ubeida Ametova , listed her "  work and education " on her Facebook account as "  jihad for Allah 's sake " and posted images of ISIS fighters armed with AK-47s with captions including , "  We are all ISIS " and "  Virtues of the Mujahideen . " Investigators say they also discovered a man whom Coffman claimed was her husband . According to Facebook communications detailed in the complaint , the man told Coffman he hoped their future son would be "  Mujahideen " and Coffman agreed , expressing her support for "  whatever you want to do . " Several of Coffman 's neighbors told CNN there were indications she was increasingly observant of the Muslim faith but they saw no signs she was radicalized . They say they noticed a change in Coffman 's appearance about three months ago when she started wearing black burqas and headscarves . Neighbor Adrian Ford said she found it "  strange " when Coffman started wearing a burqa because she used to wear T-shirts and jeans . Authorities say it was information gathered by an undercover FBI agent during a series of interviews with Coffman that led to the charges against her . Starting in July , an agent posing as an ISIS sympathizer routinely met with Coffman and began to investigate her recruitment network . After establishing a relationship , the undercover agent told Coffman about an associate who shared their views on Islam and was prepared to join the fight with ISIS in Syria , according to the criminal complaint . Federal agents say Coffman revealed she had experience connecting potential recruits with ISIS facilitators . The undercover agent met with Coffman three times , on November 5 , 6 and 7 , according to officials , who said she again offered to help find a contact and facilitate travel into Syria . On November 13 , two FBI agents met with Coffman at her work and interviewed her . Investigators say she lied when she denied the undercover agent ever expressed support for ISIS or similar terrorist groups . She was arrested the next day and charged with lying to the FBI . Her attorneys and federal prosecutors all declined to comment to CNN .	Heather Coffman is accused to trying to help people go to Syria to fight with ISIS Investigators say an undercover FBI agent gathered information in the case Feds : Coffman claimed she had experience connecting recruits with ISIS facilitators
CNN  -- The founder of an animal rescue organization in Ohio committed suicide , taking dozens of pets with her , the Moreland Hills Police Department told CNN . Sandy Lertzman , 62 , founder of the Animal Rights Foundation , was found dead November 4 inside her garage in a running car alongside 31 small rescue dogs , police said . Investigators found prescription vials in the vehicle and a suicide note inside the house . According to Sgt. Janet Boehler , a friend discovered Lertzman 's body . It is unclear how long Lertzman and the pets had been dead before they were found . Lertzman was last seen alive November 3 . An organization that rescues and rehabilitates all types of animals , Animal Rights Foundation considered Lertzman a pioneer in animal rescue . "  She woke every day to help all of God 's beautiful creatures . She fed the deer , squirrels , birds , raccoons , geese and what she called ` Sandy 's Safe Haven For All Animals ' at her home , ' " a statement on the Animal Rights Foundation website said . According to Boehler , one dog survived . Police say it jumped out of the car , and they found it in garage when they entered the home . The surviving dog is recovering at home with Lertzman 's husband , Rick , and son , Matthew . "  Animal Rights Foundation will continue , as strong as ever , in Sandy 's memory , " the organization said on the website . "  We will go on caring , supporting , and helping all animals in distress and supporting laws to protect our animals in her honor . " Animals returned to widow after husband frees exotic animal , shoot self	Founder of Animal Rights Foundation found dead in running car with 31 rescue dogs Investigators found prescription vials in the vehicle and a suicide note inside the house One dog survived and is recovering at home with founder 's husband and son
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Motor vehicle accidents do n't just impact the people involved , they also impact the economy , to the tune of just under $ 100 billion for medical care and injury-related productivity losses in the United States each year , according to a study released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Wednesday . That includes $ 3.6 billion annually toward injuries to children . On average , each licensed driver in the United States ponies up about $ 500 a year toward the total costs , the CDC said . "  Every 10 seconds , someone in the United States is treated in an emergency department for crash-related injuries , and nearly 40,000 people die from these injuries each year . This study highlights the magnitude of the problem of crash-related injuries from a cost perspective , and the numbers are staggering , " Dr. Grant Baldwin , the director of the CDC 's Division of Unintentional Injury Prevention , National Center for Injury Prevention and Control , said in a press release . According to the study , injuries , both fatal and nonfatal , to people riding in cars and light trucks cost $ 70 billion a year . Injuries to motorcyclists cost $ 12 billion . Bicyclists and pedestrians , who are vulnerable against motor vehicles , cost $ 5 billion and $ 10 billion a year respectively , the CDC said . The study also found the amount of money that goes toward motorcyclists ' and pedestrians ' injuries is disproportionate when compared to the number of injuries , likely due to the severity of their injuries . While motorcyclists only account for 6 percent of motor vehicle-related fatalities and injuries , they lead to 12 percent of the costs . And pedestrians , who only comprise 5 percent of motor vehicle-related deaths and injuries , consume 10 percent of the total costs , according to the study . The CDC said several policy initiatives have been proven to cut down on crash injuries and deaths , including graduated driver licensing programs , which allow new teen drivers to get road experience in low-risk situations . The CDC says strong graduated driver licensing laws have been associated with up to 40 percent decreases in crashes among 16-year-old drivers . Other CDC-recommended policies include child safety seat education , seat belt laws and enforcement , sobriety checkpoints , and motorcycle and bicycle helmet laws . The CDC said the study , published in the the journal "  Traffic Injury Prevention , " used data from 2005 , the last year from which relevant data were available from multiple sources .	Motor vehicle crashes lead to about $ 100 billion a year in U.S. costs , says the CDC Children 's injuries cost $ 3.6 billion a year Motorcyclists and pedestrians tend to get worse injuries and have higher medical costs Preventive measures include monitoring teen drivers , seat belts , safety seats , helmets
CNN  -- The Japanese Football Association  JFA  has announced that its national football team will play a charity match to help victims of the recent earthquake in the Asian country . Japan was hit by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and tsunami last week which has already claimed the lives of 6,500 people , with 10,354 reported missing . The match is due to take place at Osaka 's Nagai Stadium on March 29 , with the Samurai Blue 's opposition to be a team made up of players from the domestic J-League . The recently-crowned Asian Cup champions have been forced to cancel friendly matches against Montenegro and New Zealand due to the disaster . Can sport help Japan recover from disaster ? JFA president Junji Ogura said the association had tried to arrange a charity fixture with New Zealand , which was also recently hit by an earthquake . "  We have had strong requests from Japan coach  Alberto  Zaccheroni and our national team players that they want to do something to support and encourage the victims , " Ogura told the JFA website . "  But because this is still a difficult moment , we thought we should hold a charity match to support those who have suffered in the quake-hit areas and assist in their recovery as soon as possible . "  I received a phone call from the president of the New Zealand Football Association and could understand that it was a tough decision they had to make following lengthy discussions . "  Although we can not play New Zealand , we wanted to do something to encourage the victims . As we want to do it with the power of everyone , we would like to ask for your assistance . " Japan 's captain Makoto Hasebe , a midfielder for German club Wolfsburg , expressed his and the team 's desire to repay the nation for their support in last year 's World Cup . "  Japan performed well in last year 's World Cup by establishing great unity within the squad , " the 27-year-old said . "  We were able to do this through the support we received from people across the country . Now our country is facing a big crisis and this is the moment we should do something in return for the people 's support for us then . "  The only thing we can do is play football . It may not be much , but that 's how we would like to encourage the Japanese people . I am heading back home to Japan to take part in this charity match for them . " Italian coach Zaccheroni took charge in 2010 and guided the team to Asian Cup success in Qatar in January . The former AC Milan and Juventus boss believes the people of Japan will recover from recent events . "  Since I assumed the position of Japan coach , I have seen very closely the Japanese people 's beauty and ability to unite , to be disciplined and to respect others . Because of that , I am convinced that Japan will recover for sure from any difficulties . "	Japan will play a charity match to support victims of the country 's recent earthquake The Samurai Blue will play a team selected from Japan 's J-League Last week 's earthquake in the country has already killed more than 6,500 people
CNN  -- It 's safe to assume that most people outside West Africa had never even heard of Mali until a few weeks ago . If they had , there 's a good chance it was thanks to some beautifully flowing song or instrumental by one of the country 's many world-renowned musicians : Salif Keita , Tinariwen , Oumou Sangare , Toumani Diabate , Rokia Traore ... the list is long . If it was n't music then it might have been Mali 's priceless medieval manuscripts that drew their attention , or its majestic mud-built mosques , its filmmakers , poets , photographers and writers . Like Jamaica or Ireland , Mali 's music and culture are its primary asset , its shop-window to the world , its "  gold and cotton " as one famous musician put it . Certainly , very few people would have included the words "  Mali " and "  Islamism " in the same sentence before April last year , when Islamist militia took control of over two thirds of the country and started amputating the hands of thieves , stoning adulterers and whipping women who happened to venture out into the streets ` improperly ' dressed . With the arrival of French forces and the mass hostage seizure at the Algerian oil facility of In Amenas , Mali and Islamism are two words that now appear not only to be inextricably linked but on the front page . Six reasons why Mali matters Of course , the association goes back much further than April 2012 . Al Qaeda and the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  moved south from Algeria and into Mali 's remote northern deserts over a decade ago . It proceeded to amass a fortune from kidnapping , smuggling and money laundering whilst undermining the local economy , disrupting social relations and destroying the local tourist industry . It brought along a hardcore form of Islam inspired by Wahabism and a hatred of the West that was previously almost unheard of in Mali , a country which has long contented itself with gentler and more tolerant brands of Sufism richly tinted by local pre-Islamic beliefs . AQIM also managed to hijack a rebellion against the central government in Bamako by the nomadic Touareg people of the north that had been grinding on and off for the best part of fifty years . This conflict , which first erupted in 1963 , was always about power , influence and the self-determination of a marginalized people . It was also about preserving the Touareg 's unique Berber culture . It had never been about imposing hard line Islam on anyone . But from round 2006 onwards , Touareg nationalism and Islamic terrorism became inextricably confused with each other . Why Africa backs French in Mali Indeed , there 's a widespread theory , confirmed by the word of just a few bit-players in the drama but lacking any more conclusive evidence , that certain parties who were utterly averse to the idea of an independent Touareg state -- the Malian government , Algeria and others -- either deliberately implanted AQIM in the region , or at the very least tolerated its presence there . It was hoped that the strategy would attract military aid and doom the Touareg nationalist project to failure . The theory might seem strange given the damage that terrorism has wrought in both Mali and Algeria but most Touareg I know accept it as gospel . We 'll probably never know the whole truth . What 's certain is that the Sahara is one of the hardest places on earth for an outsider to understand . Its interlocking cogs of power and influence -- geopolitical , regional , governmental , tribal , mineral , criminal , spiritual , clan and family -- are fiendishly complex . No foreign intervention can hope to achieve any long-term benefits if it can not get to grips with the underlying political and social mechanism of this vast region . 2011 brought the Arab Spring and the end of Muammar Gadhafi , who had long been a stabilizing force in the Sahel , and both a promoter and a hinderer of Touareg nationalist ambitious . His weapons arsenals were opened up to armed groups of every stripe and in January 2012 , the Touareg used this opportunity to reignite their rebellion in northern Mali . But it was al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb who eventually took control , either directly or through a network of alliances . Now Mali 's hopes lie with the French , who intervened on Friday January 11 , after months of diplomatic wrangling at the U.N. and elsewhere . France ` not a pacifist nation ' So the world has a new front on the global war on terror and France has a new battle to fight in Africa . Within northern Mali itself , however , and throughout the Muslim world , this is not seen as a war on terror but as a cultural conflict , one that pits a group of people who feel that the future of their society will be best served by rejecting Western liberal values and returning to the core tenets of Islam against another group who believe in religious tolerance , secularism , democracy and music . This conflict turns musicians , artists and writers into frontline soldiers . Saudi Arabia destroyed its mausoleums and silenced its musicians decades , even centuries , ago . In the Algerian civil war of the 1990s , many musicians , writers and cultural figures were killed , prompting others to flee overseas . In Mali they 're still singing , still writing , still fighting , for the time being at least . In this new battleground in the cultural wars of the Muslim world , a distant mirror of the religious wars that shook Europe in the 15th and 16th centuries , Malian musicians are taking a stand . That 's why music matters . That 's why Mali matters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andy Morgan .	Until recently , Mali was better known for its music , mosques and manuscripts than for conflict Andy Morgan : Music and culture are Mali 's shop-window to the world , its primary asset Conflict turns musicians , artists and writers into frontline soldiers , says Morgan Morgan : In Mali they 're still singing , still writing , still fighting
CNN  -- Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom has dismissed an allegation that he was behind the death of a lawyer who left a video blaming the president if anything happened to him . A video with Rodrigo Rosenberg appears on YouTube in which he accuses Guatemala 's leader in his death . The lawyer , Rodrigo Rosenberg , was shot and killed Sunday while riding a bicycle in Guatemala City . On Monday , a video surfaced in which Rosenberg -- seated behind a desk and calmly speaking into a microphone -- linked Colom and an aide to his death . "  If you are watching this message , " Rosenberg said on the video , "  it is because I was assassinated by President Alvaro Colom , with help from Gustavo Alejos , " the president 's private secretary . Rosenberg mentions a third person who he believes would have been involved in his death and also mentions those three people as well as the president 's wife in connection with two killings last month . In a broadcast to the nation Monday night , Colom denied any connection . "  We categorically reject the accusations that pretend to tie the president , first lady and private secretary as those responsible for this assassination , " Colom said . A dated and signed transcript of the video 's content indicates Rosenberg made the recording last week . It surfaced Monday after his funeral , and was posted on YouTube and distributed to other media outlets by the newspaper El Periodico de Guatemala . Rosenberg 's video said he was targeted for talking about the death of prominent businessman Khalil Musa and his daughter in April . They were killed , Rosenberg said , because they had refused to participate in acts of corruption as the president wanted . Rosenberg said he had been speaking out about his belief that Colom and others were behind the slaying . Carlos Castresana Fernandez , the head of a U.N.-Guatemalan commission set up to investigate corruption and political violence , told CNN that his agency will support an investigation by the country 's attorney general . "  We must be sure the investigation is a proper one and are demanding of the government to take the necessary distance -- to be sure there are no influences over the investigators that could make questions of the reliability of the investigation itself , " he said . Castresana 's organization , the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala , was set up because of an "  almost complete failure " of the country 's legal system following a decades-long civil war that ended in 1996 . He said the facts were "  serious enough " that his organization was assisting prosecutors to mount a transparent investigation . Radio journalist Mario David Garcia told CNN en Espaol on Tuesday that Rosenberg was supposed to detail his allegations Monday afternoon on Garcia 's program , "  Hablando Claro "  Speaking Clearly  . Garcia , also an attorney , said Rosenberg came by his office last week to talk about the allegations against the president . Garcia said he asked for proof . In the video , Rosenberg wears a blue-gray suit , white shirt and solid sky-blue tie . A blue cloth backdrop drapes the wall behind him and a large red broadcast-type microphone sits on the table in front of him . He speaks in a calm , deliberate voice and mentions that he is the 47-year-old father of "  four divine children , with the best brother that you could ask of life , with incredible friends and very much wanting to live in his country . " But he adds that he could not have lived with himself if he had not come forth with the accusations . Mario Gonzalez , manager of the business Musa owned , told CNN en Espaol that Rosenberg relayed to him Friday afternoon his plan to release the information to the media . Rosenberg knew he was targeted , Gonzalez said . "  He felt threatened , " Gonzalez said . " -LSB- But -RSB- he was not afraid . He had been threatened but he knew that sooner or later he would be killed . ` They are going to kill me , ' he said . " The lawyer 's niece , Mariela Rosenberg , said her uncle learned to accept his fate . "  He had many threats , " she told CNN en Espaol , "  and when he saw it was inevitable , he taped a video . " In addition to Colom 's broadcast address , the government posted a seven-point statement on its Web site rejecting the assertions and saying the claims were meant to create "  political chaos . " In the posting , Colom 's administration blamed Rosenberg 's death on organized crime and welcomed international assistance in the investigation . "  The government of Guatemala categorically condemns the hostile , malicious way some sections of the population are using these events in order to create political instability in the country , " it said . "  The murder of lawyer Rosenberg as well as the recording and written declaration distributed have to be analyzed very carefully , " the government said , "  because the murder as well as the accusations are very serious offenses that are severely punishable by the law and are attempts against the state of law and democracy . " Some analysts say they have no knowledge of Colom or others in his inner circle being involved in the killings , but point to Guatemala 's history of corruption and large-scale involvement in the drug trade . "  Guatemala has been particularly known for the complicity of the government with the dark forces of the nation , " said Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a Washington policy institute . In his video , Rosenberg bemoans the "  narcos , assassins and thieves " who have taken over the country . "  Those thieves are sinking all of Guatemala , " he said . "  They kill people like dogs . " About 200,000 people have been killed in Guatemala since 1970 , mostly as a result of organized crime and drug-trade violence , Birns said . The violence has gotten worse , he said , since Mexican President Felipe Calderon started waging war on that nation 's drug cartels a couple of years ago . Mexico shares a 541-mile  871-kilometer  border with Guatemala and many Mexican narcotraffickers moved their operations to the neighboring country . Guatemala is also known for money-laundering . "  There is n't a single serious banker in this country , " Rosenberg said in the video . "  There is n't a single correct banker in this country . " Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue think tank , said Guatemala has a reputation for corruption and the drug trade . "  It is a country where one of two presidents ends up being seriously charged with corruption , " he said . The government also offers scant public services . "  Guatemala has the lowest tax collection , the lowest government expenditures of any country in Latin America , " Hakim said . Colom was elected in November 2007 on a promise to lessen Guatemala 's horrendous poverty . It has n't worked out that way . "  He proved to be a disappointment , " Birns said .	Lawyer Rodrigo Rosenberg shot dead while bicycling in Guatemala City Video surfaces in which Rosenberg links President Alvaro Colom to his death Government says allegations meant to create "  political chaos " Colom administration blames lawyer 's death on organized crime
CNN  -- Guinea-Bissau has been suspended from the African Union in the wake of last week 's military coup . The suspension remains "  until the restoration of constitutional order , " the union said Tuesday . The union cited the "  recurrence of illegal and unacceptable interference of the leadership of Guinea-Bissau 's army on the politics of the country , creating instability and culture of impunity , which have hampered the development of the country . " The union said it will request the cooperation of international organizations including the United Nations , the European Union and the Economic Community of West African States to apply additional sanctions , including a travel ban on key members of the junta . "  The African Union is doing their job , and we are doing our job , " said Daba Naualna , a spokesman for the junta that has taken over the country . He argued that history will show that the coup was the right thing to do . Eventually , the African Union will be able to understand the situation , he said . The military command has said the revolt was in response to a "  secret deal " between the government and Angola to allow Angolan troops in the country to attack the military . The junta insisted that the African Union , whose rotating presidency is currently held by Angola , supports intervention by Angolan forces . Angola , also a former Portuguese colony , issued a statement last week saying it would unilaterally withdraw its troops . A number of its troops are in Guinea-Bissau to help reform the country 's armed forces , Angola said . Meanwhile , Naualna said an interim president and a former prime minister of Guinea-Bissau will be freed from detention as soon as conditions allow . Interim President Raimundo Pereira and former Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Jr. "  are being detained for security reasons , " Naualna said . The junta "  does not anticipate " the return of Pereira and Gomes to power , despite international condemnations of the coup . The developments came after the military command met Monday with the Economic Community of West African States regional bloc , which has denounced the coup and called for the junta "  to restore constitutional rule immediately . " Naualna said the West African group agreed to send a technical mission to Guinea-Bissau as soon as possible to help find solutions to the crisis , though specific details were not released . Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara will lead the talks within the bloc , Naualna said . After Thursday 's coup , military leaders and a group of mostly opposition political parties declared the formation of a transitional national council , spokesman Fernando Vaz said . The composition of the council had yet to be determined , he said , but the president of the council will be the interim president of the country until parliamentary and presidential elections are held . The formation of the council effectively means the constitution will be suspended , a scenario similar to events in 2003 , after a coup against President Kumba Iala . Coups and coup attempts are common in Guinea-Bissau since it won independence from Portugal in 1974 . Soldiers took Pereira and Gomes into custody Thursday night , sparking international condemnation . Leaders of the nation 's armed forces have taken control of the nation to ensure stability , Naualna said . "  The  army chief of staff  thinks , for the sake of the country , that power can not fall into the streets and decided to have  the military  play its part in seeking solutions with the political class to resolve this crisis , " he said . On Sunday , the "  military command " announced the closure of Guinea-Bissau to all air traffic and maritime circulation from abroad as a matter "  of national security and safeguard of the territory of Guinea-Bissau . " A chorus of world leaders has denounced last week 's coup , which occurred just before the second round of a presidential election set for April 29 . The African Union , the United Nations and the United States called for a return to civilian rule and demanded the release of the leaders . Foreign ministers from the Community of Portuguese-Speaking Countries , of which Guinea-Bissau is a member , have also condemned the coup . Guinea-Bissau 's conflicts have ravaged its infrastructure and economy , leaving it among the poorest in the world . The nation 's first round of voting in a presidential election was held in March , and campaigning for the second round was about to begin . The election was prompted by the death of the incumbent Malam Bacai Sanha in January after a long illness . Sanha had become president in September 2009 after the assassination of his predecessor . Despite his coming to power in what international observers deemed a fair and peaceful election , his tenure was marked by turmoil among the country 's military and political leadership . To date , no democratically elected president of the country has served a full five-year term . CNN 's Kim Chakanetsa and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : The African Union suspends Guinea-Bissau NEW : History will show we were right , the junta says Junta : The acting president and former prime minister are "  detained for security reasons " Guinea-Bissau has had several coups since it gained independence in 1974
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A Taliban spokesman says the group 's phones and website were hacked , and text messages sent out saying their reclusive Afghan leader Mullah Mohammed Omar is dead -- a claim the group has denied . Omar is alive and the reports "  are just propaganda against our leader and our mission , " spokesman Zabihullah Nujahid told CNN . NATO said it has no operational knowledge of Omar 's condition or whereabouts . This is not the first time speculation of Omar 's death has surfaced . In May , the Taliban forcefully denied reports that their leader is dead , dismissing them as "  claims and rumors " from the "  Kabul stooge regime 's intelligence directorate . " At the time , a news report by Afghanistan 's TOLOnews suggested Omar was dead . A spokesman for Afghanistan 's intelligence agency , the National Directorate of Security , said in May that Omar had disappeared . Lutfullah Mashal said at the time that he hoped Omar was dead , but could not confirm it . Omar was a rural Islamic cleric when he became a leader of a group of students -- or "  Taliban " -- who took over Afghanistan in the early 1990s and established a hard-line Islamic fundamentalist regime that gave shelter to Osama bin Laden and his al Qaeda terrorist network . U.S. Navy SEALs killed bin Laden in May in Pakistan , nearly 10 years after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The United States led an invasion of Afghanistan soon after the attacks , toppling the Taliban and sending bin Laden into hiding . The secluded Omar refused to be photographed or filmed , and rarely traveled . He infrequently gave interviews and was thought to have met only two non-Muslims in recent years . Nonetheless what Omar said passed as law when the Taliban ruled Afghanistan , and to challenge him was unknown . Those who had met Omar said he cast an imposing figure -- bearded with a black turban and one eye stitched shut ; the result of a wound suffered during a gunfight with Soviet troops during their occupation of Afghanistan . In the wake of the Soviet withdrawal , Omar created the Taliban to overcome what he saw as Afghanistan 's descent into a lawlessness landscape dominated by warlords . His recruits came from the Islamic schools within Afghanistan and in the Afghan refugee camps across the border in Pakistan . Driven largely by faith , they swept across the country . With most of the country under Taliban control , he set himself the goal of transforming Afghanistan into the purest Islamic state in the world , declaring himself Amir-ul-Momineen , or head of the Muslims . While many ordinary Afghans disagreed with his hard-line interpretation of Islam , others were willing to endure the Taliban 's excesses in exchange for the relative peace they brought to the territory they controlled . In building the perfect Islamic state , though , he had little regard for the concerns of the outside world . Public executions and amputations were common , and the Taliban 's treatment of women attracted much international condemnation . Omar vanished after a U.S.-led coalition booted the Taliban and their leaders from power in Afghanistan in December 2001 for refusing to hand over bin Laden after the 9/11 terror attacks . His appearance has remained a mystery to many , and that presented a challenge to those on his trail , according to Afghan President Hamid Karzai . The U.S. government offered a reward of up to $ 10 million for information leading to Omar 's capture .	The Taliban says their phones and website were hacked , and Mullah Omar is still alive In May , another rumor of Omar 's death surfaced ; the Taliban have denied that claim The reclusive leader refuses to be photographed He rarely travels and does not give interviews
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia man convicted of kidnapping and killing his girlfriend was executed Tuesday . A Geogia official says executed killer William Earl Lynd did not make a final statement . William Earl Lynd was the first inmate to die by injection since September , when the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to consider whether the three-drug combination represented cruel and unusual punishment . The process began at 7:34 p.m. and ended 17 minutes later at 7:51 p.m. , said Paul Czachowski , public affairs manager for the Georgia Department of Corrections . "  The condemned declined to make a last statement or accept a prayer ; he remained quiet and calm throughout the whole procedure , " he said . Lynd , 53 , had requested as his last meal two pepper jack BBQ burgers with crisp onions , two baked potatoes with sour cream , bacon and cheese and a large strawberry milkshake -- all from a local restaurant . The U.S. Supreme Court had refused to stay Lynd 's execution hours earlier Tuesday . "  The application for stay of execution of sentence of death presented to Justice -LSB- Clarence -RSB- Thomas and by him referred to the court is denied , " the court said . Georgia became the first state to resume executions since the court validated the lethal injection process last month with a ruling in a Kentucky case . All but one of the 36 states with capital punishment use a three-drug mixture : an anesthetic , a muscle paralyzer and a heart-stopping substance . Death penalty opponents have argued that if inmates are not given enough anesthetic , they could be conscious enough to suffer excruciating pain without being able to express it because of the paralyzer . The court 's decision in the Kentucky case prompted about a dozen states to announce they would resume executions . Watch a report on the decision " On Monday , Texas officials said they plan to execute Mexican-born Jose Medellin in August for the gang rape and murder of two teenage girls 15 years ago in Houston . In Mississippi , authorities had planned to execute Earl Wesley Berry on Monday , but the state Supreme Court set the date for May 21 . Berry was convicted of kidnapping a woman from a church parking lot in 1987 , beating her to death and dumping her body in a wooded area . In the Georgia case , Lynd was convicted of fatally shooting his girlfriend , Virginia "  Ginger " Moore , in Berrien County in 1988 . During the trial , prosecutors painted Moore 's death as especially agonizing and lengthy . According to trial testimony , Lynd shot Moore in the face , and she fell unconscious onto a bed . He then went outside to smoke a cigarette . Moore regained consciousness and staggered outside , where she was shot a second time and put into the trunk of her car . After driving to a nearby farmhouse , Lynd said he heard Moore kicking inside the trunk , according to testimony . He opened the trunk and shot her a third time , this time fatally . As the sentence was being carried out , about 20 opponents of the death penalty prayed and sang songs outside the prison , located 45 minutes south of Atlanta , said Laura Moye , chairwoman of Georgians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty . "  We 're here to express our opposition to the state of Georgia taking human life on behalf of U.S. citizens of Georgia , " she said . "  We are sad and upset that our state is leading the country in resumption of executions . We think this rush to executions is irresponsible in light of the many well-documented problems that have been revealed about the death penalty . " Human rights groups have also raised the possibility that an innocent person could be put to death . They pointed to Friday 's release in North Carolina of Levan "  Bo " Jones , an African-American inmate who spent 14 years on death row before a judge said the evidence was faulty and overturned his murder conviction . The charges have been dropped . Georgia prosecutors , however , maintain that the death penalty is carried out fairly in their state . "  There 's been no evidence in this state -- and I 'm not aware of any in the country -- that any demonstrably innocent person has been put to death , " said Tommy Floyd , chairman of the Prosecuting Attorneys ' Council of Georgia . "  No prosecutor I know wants to execute an innocent person . " There have been 40 executions in the state since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976 , ruling in a Georgia case . Lynd was the 17th inmate executed by injection in the state . In Virginia , a May 27 execution date has been set for death row inmate Kevin Green , and the state is proceeding on schedule , said David Clementson of the Virginia attorney general 's office . Four executions are set in Texas for June and July ; in Louisiana , former New Orleans police officer Antoinette Frank is set to die in July . If she is executed , she would be the first woman put to death in three years . South Dakota , which has sent one inmate to death in three decades , has scheduled a lethal injection in October . Florida , Alabama , Arkansas , Illinois and Oklahoma have said they will resume capital punishment as soon as possible . Nebraska is the only state that does not use lethal injection , but its use of the electric chair was ruled unconstitutional in February . Texas and Mississippi are among the states that use 2 grams of sodium thiopental , the anesthetic used to render condemned inmates unconscious . Kentucky and other states use 3 grams , a standard that the Supreme Court judged to be constitutional . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Georgia executes inmate convicted of killing girlfriend in 1988 William Earl Lynd pronounced dead at 7:51 p.m. , according to state official Lynd 's is first U.S. execution since Supreme Court upheld lethal injection About a dozen other states are planning executions
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The defense anesthesiology expert in the trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor was found in contempt of court Wednesday for referring to his private talks with Dr. Conrad Murray during his testimony . Dr. Murray did not testify in his own defense in his involuntary manslaughter trial and the judge refused to allow Dr. Paul White to base any of his testimony on anything other than what Murray told police . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor gave Dr. White 30 days to pay a $ 250 fine , but he also dropped a second contempt citation for derogatory comments he allegedly made about a rival witness . Wednesday 's contempt hearing was part of the aftermath of Dr. Murray 's involuntary manslaughter that ended with a guilty verdict last week . Another contempt hearing is set for November 29 , the day Murray is set to be sentenced , for one of the defense lawyers who allegedly violated the judge 's gag order by speaking to NBC 's "  Today Show " during the trial . Murray defense lawyer Michael Flanagan , who was in court to defend Dr. White Wednesday , said after the hearing that he believed Murray should be eligible for early release if he is given prison time . A California law that took effect last month provides for non-violent state inmates to be assigned to county jails to relieve state prison overcrowding . The Los Angeles County jail has a court-ordered early release program to relieve overcrowding , which allows non-violent offenders to serve much of their sentences at home with electronic monitoring . Flanagan said Murray is not a safety threat to the public and should be included in the early release program . Dr. White told reporters after the hearing that he still believed Jackson gave himself the overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol and a sedative the coroner ruled killed the pop icon . "  I was aware that Michael Jackson had self-administered drugs in the past , propofol specifically , and so what 's to say that he would n't do it again , " White said . "  He was desperate . Murray was withholding from him the drug that he desperately desired . " White , while under cross-examination by Deputy District Attorney David Walgren , referred several times to his private discussions with Dr. Murray about what happened the day Jackson died . Judge Pastor repeatedly warned him not to do so . Finally , the judge cited White for contempt and set Wednesday 's hearing to decide if he would be fined . "  There was n't any intentional deception here or violation of the court order , " defense lawyer Michael Flanagan told Pastor Wednesday . "  He was explaining to Mr. Walgren ` Hey , I ca n't answer that . ' " Prosecutor Walgren , who has grown a beard since the televised trial ended , told the judge that this was one of "  multiple instances " where Dr. White was "  trying to sabotage the trial . " "  It was intentional and deliberate , " Walgren said . "  It was an attempt to deny the people a fair trial . " White told the judge he "  did my best as I was admonished by you to answer question truthfully and as completely as I could . " "  I apologize profusely if I disrespected you , " White said . "  I learned a lot from this experience . " Pastor ruled that White was guilty of violating his order by giving "  a non-responsive answer " that dealt with "  no-go territory . " While he could have fined him $ 1,000 , he only imposed a $ 250 fine . Judge Pastor also dropped the other contempt charge which stemmed from an online report that quoted White allegedly calling prosecution anesthesiology expert Dr. Steven Shafer "  a scumbag . "	NEW : Defense lawyer : Dr. Murray should get early release if sentenced to prison Dr. Paul White has 30 days to pay a $ 250 contempt fine The prosecutor argues the defense anesthesiology expert tried to ` sabotage ' the trial A contempt charge relating to White calling another witness a "  scumbag " is dropped
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The confirmation of Michael Mukasey as attorney general was all but assured Friday when two key Democratic senators said they will vote in favor of the nominee despite questions about his views on "  waterboarding " and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . Sens. Dianne Feinstein of California and Charles Schumer of New York announced they would support the retired federal judge from New York just hours after the chairman of the Judiciary Committee announced his opposition to the nominee . Feinstein and Schumer are members of the Senate Judiciary Committee , which is scheduled to vote on the Mukasey nomination Tuesday . If all the Republican members of the committee also vote for Mukasey , which is expected , his nomination will go before the full Senate . A leading Democrat , speaking on condition of anonymity , said Wednesday Mukasey is likely to be confirmed if his nomination passes the Judiciary Committee . Schumer had praised the nomination of Mukasey as a consensus candidate when the president announced Mukasey as his choice to replace former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales . Gonzales gave up the post in September . "  This is an extremely difficult decision , " Schumer said . "  When an administration so political , so out of touch with the realities of governing and so contemptuous of the rule of law is in charge , we are never left with an ideal choice . Judge Mukasey is not my ideal choice . However , Judge Mukasey , whose integrity and independence is respected even by those who oppose him , is far better than anyone could expect from this administration . " A number of Democratic senators , however , have said they will oppose Mukasey because of questions about his views on the interrogation technique called "  waterboarding " and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . Waterboarding involves restraining a suspect and using water to produce the sensation of drowning . Mukasey told senators this week that he finds waterboarding "  repugnant , " but he could not answer whether the technique amounts to torture . While saying "  serious questions have been raised about Judge Mukasey 's views on torture and on separation of powers , " Feinstein said she would support the nominee because the Justice Department needed fresh leadership . "  First and foremost , Michael Mukasey is not Alberto Gonzales . Rather , he has forged an independent life path as a practitioner of the law and a federal judge in the Southern District of New York . "  I believe that Judge Mukasey is the best we will get and voting him down would only perpetuate acting and recess appointments , allowing the administration to avoid the transparency that confirmation hearings provide and diminish effective oversight by Congress . " Just hours before Feinstein and Schumer announced their decisions , Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , announced he would vote against the Mukasey nomination . Watch Sen. Leahy explain why he ca n't support the Mukasey nomination " "  No American should need a classified briefing to determine whether waterboarding is torture , " Leahy said . "  Waterboarding was used at least as long ago as the Spanish Inquisition . We prosecuted Japanese war criminals for waterboarding after World War II . "  I am eager to restore strong leadership and independence to the Department of Justice . I like Michael Mukasey . I wish that I could support his nomination . But I can not . America needs to be certain and confident of the bedrock principle -- deeply embedded in our laws and our values -- that no one , not even the president , is above the law . " President Bush demanded the Senate confirm Mukasey during a speech Thursday at the Heritage Foundation , an influential conservative think tank . "  In a time of war , it 's vital for the president to have a full national security team in place , " the president said . The president has equated asking Mukasey about his opinion of waterboarding with asking him about the CIA-run interrogation program , whose details are classified . Bush said the program does not violate U.S. bans on torture , but added that Mukasey "  does not want an uninformed opinion to be taken by our professional interrogators in the field as placing them in legal jeopardy . " But Leahy said "  Judge Mukasey was not asked to evaluate any secret ` facts and circumstances . ' " "  He was asked whether waterboarding is illegal . Our law makes torture illegal , and waterboarding is torture , and it is illegal . It is frankly not dependent on any , quote , ` relevant facts and circumstances of the technique 's past or proposed use , ' " he said , quoting from Mukasey 's response to senators on the question . Sources with knowledge of the CIA-run interrogation program have said agents are no longer using waterboarding . But those sources have said waterboarding was used in the interrogation of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , now facing trial before a military tribunal for planning al Qaeda 's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington . The practice was used by the Spanish Inquisition , Cambodia 's Khmer Rouge and the World War II Japanese military , according to Human Rights Watch . It is specifically banned in U.S. law governing the treatment of prisoners by the U.S. military . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : Feinstein , Schumer say they 'll vote for attorney general nominee Michael Mukasey 's nomination now expected to pass Judiciary Committee Sen. Patrick Leahy says he will not vote to confirm Michael Mukasey Committee scheduled to vote on nomination on Tuesday
London , England  CNN  -- It is one of the most iconic moments in tennis history . A young Pat Cash clambers into the stands at Wimbledon to greet his loved ones after winning the men 's singles title . Plenty of players have followed in his footsteps since , snaking their way up to greet their family and friends above the famous SW19 scoreboard , but Cash was the first . And now thanks to CNN , you can put your questions to one of the most recognizable faces in the game . Why not quiz him on why he decided to embark on the ` Cash dash ' or the feeling of winning Wimbledon -- the only major he managed to win during his 15-year career ? Home hopes distant at U.S. Open Or maybe you 'd like his take on the modern game . Is Roger Federer 's crown slipping ? Can Rafael Nadal dominate tennis like the Fed Express did before him ? When will Andy Murray win a major ? And what does he think of state of the women 's game ? All you have to do is leave your question at the foot of the page and Cash will reveal all on Friday 's 1530 GMT edition of World Sport . Cash turned professional in 1982 and the following year , at just 18 , became the youngest player to participate in the Davis Cup final , winning the decisive rubber to secure the title for Australia . At the U.S. Open in 1984 , Cash lost in the semifinal to Ivan Lendl after a five-set thriller , on the same day as an epic women 's final between Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova . With John McEnroe and Jimmy Connors also contesting another five-set classic , it is regarded as one of the greatest days in tennis history and became known as ` Super Saturday . ' Cash also made the final of the Australian Open in 1987 but lost to Stefan Edberg in a five-setter , but his moment of destiny was to come at Wimbledon later that year . He knocked out Mats Wilander and Connors en route to the final , where he beat Czech Lendl to seal his first grand slam title , and give birth to that famed celebration . Cash was forced to retire in 1997 through injury but still occasionally turns out on the Champions Tour , as well as commentating on several tournaments throughout the year .	Your chance to quiz 1987 Wimbledon champion Pat Cash Cash is famed for his climb into the stands to greet his loved ones after winning Wimbledon The Aussie now hosts CNN 's monthly tennis show Open Court
CNN  -- Singer Beyonce , the United Nations and dozens of global aid groups have one message for the world Sunday : Perform a good deed , no matter how big or small , to help another person . Sunday marks World Humanitarian Day , which honors those who face danger in helping others and also encourages people to volunteer or help someone in need . Beyonce and aid organizations are trying to reach 1 billion people through social media for this year 's campaign , called "  I Was Here . " " ' I Was Here ' says I want to leave my footprints in the sands of time , and that is leaving our mark on the world , " Beyonce told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  We all want to know that our life meant something , and that we did something for someone else , and that we spread positivity no matter how big or how small . " The singer recorded a music video for the song "  I Was Here , " which was performed at the U.N. 's General Assembly Hall . The video premieres Sunday on big screens in Dubai , Geneva , New York 's Times Square and other locations . "  This year 's World Humanitarian Day presents a historic opportunity to bring together 1 billion people from around the world to advance a powerful and proactive idea : people helping people , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement . "  From international efforts to avert a hunger crisis in West Africa , to urgent assistance to civilians in Syria , to a single good deed from one neighbor to the next , the spirit of people helping people improves conditions for all , " Ban said . The United Nations lists a variety of ideas for participating in World Humanitarian Day , such as making a sandwich for a homeless person , donating one 's skills to a community project and giving away an item you no longer use . Four years ago , the U.N. General Assembly proclaimed August 19 as World Humanitarian Day to commemorate the 2003 Canal Hotel bombing in Baghdad that killed 22 U.N. staff members , the global body said . But the dangers of international aid work continue today . "  Every day in Somalia , nongovernmental organizations and the U.N. humanitarian agencies work with the Somali people to overcome the effects of drought , hunger and conflict on innocent people , " Mark Bowden , U.N. resident and humanitarian coordinator in Somalia , said in a statement . "  The dangers are very real . Since the last World Humanitarian Day , 19 aid workers were killed and eight others kidnapped in Somalia , four of whom remain in captivity , " Bowden said . The World Food Programme has also suffered casualties while carrying out its work . In the past year , 12 WFP staff , contractors and partner staff have been killed while working to fight hunger in Haiti , the Ivory Coast , Somalia , Sudan and South Sudan , the group 's executive director , Ertharin Cousin , said in a statement . The U.N. chief said the best way to honor fallen aid workers is to carry on their mission by helping those who are suffering . "  Individual actions may seem small , but collectively they will reverberate around the world , generating unstoppable momentum for a better future , " Ban said .	World Humanitarian Day encourages benevolence and honors fallen aid workers Ideas include providing a meal for a homeless person or volunteering Beyonce premieres a music video for the song "  I Was Here " The theme is about "  leaving our mark on the world , " the singer says
Kalam , Pakistan  CNN  -- If you 've ever been on the subway during rush hour in one of the world 's major cities you will understand how crammed the U.S. Army Chinook was taking off from the flood ravaged town of Kalam in the Swat district of North West Pakistan . Normally the CH-47 Chinooks can carry up to 100 people , but according to a Pakistani officer charged with counting the passengers there were more than 120 on board when Lieutenant Colonel John Knightstep 's chopper lifted off . It was another show of how the U.S. military is pushing the boundaries trying to help those who have lost everything in the floods that hit Pakistan more than six weeks ago . "  We 're averaging about 200,000 pounds  91,000 kilograms  of aid every day , " Knightstep said in an interview with CNN . "  We are also helping displaced people , ferrying about 200 per day , if not more . " The U.S. military has 18 helicopters from the 16th Combat Aviation Brigade out of Wainwright , Alaska , flying aid missions to the Swat district of North West Pakistan . The crews will be on missions for about eight hours every day usually flying aid into ravaged towns like Kalam and evacuating residents from the area . The Swat district is considered one of the most beautiful areas in all of Pakistan with mountains almost 20,000 feet high . But the mountainous terrain also makes flying challenging for the crews . "  Some of the areas we fly into are kind of small , because we are landing into villages that do n't normally have aircraft traffic . They 're not set up to handle aircraft as big as this . So some of the landing sites are kind of small and it is a bit tricky to get several aircraft into there , but you just have to be careful and watch what 's around you , " said warrant officer Aron Cunningham , who flies a CH-47 Chinook . The town of Kalam , one of the main destinations for the aid-carrying U.S. helicopters , was considered one of the prime tourist destinations in Pakistan before the Swat river , which flows through the town , burst its banks on July 29 . The rising waters literally tore large chunks out of the city destroying many of the town 's prime hotels . "  Seeing the people that we are moving around , seeing the damage that has been done to their villages , they have been cut off from their road network , their access to food and basic supplies , that we tend to take for granted , " said Cunningham . "  So helping them is certainly a rewarding experience for us . " The U.S. crews even fly produce for farmers in areas cut off from road access so they can get their goods to local markets . Swat also has political significance for the U.S. and Pakistan . Until last year , the district was ruled by militants like the Taliban before the Pakistani military cleared the area , and the population is very distrustful of the United States . So far , however , the troops say they have not seen any hostility from the local people . "  We 've had no problems , " said Knightstep . "  We 've had no security issues , it has been safe . They are in need and from what I can see they are extremely happy to see us . " Most of the helicopters flying into the devastated areas are packed with aid as the military is trying to stockpile goods in Kalam and other places that are still cut off . They know once the winter arrives it will often be impossible to fly into Swat , even though , being a unit out of Alaska , the pilots are used to flying in extreme snow conditions . "  In terms of the mountains and the snow this will feel a lot like flying back home , " said Cunningham as he was steering his Chinook toward a resupply point called Rubicon , where the helicopters are refueled and loaded with aid . The U.S. says the aid flights will continue until the job is done and that could take several months . Pakistani military officials say the chopper crews have been vital to their flood response efforts and have done a lot to improve America 's standing in this part of the world .	U.S. military has 18 helicopters flying aid missions to Pakistan 's Swat district Crews fly aid into flood ravaged towns like Kalam and bring people out of the area U.S. crews even fly produce for farmers in areas cut off from road access Aid missions considered vital to response efforts and improve America  s standing in the region
CNN  The verdict of the opinion polls on the UK election debate between seven party leaders was simple enough : Between David Cameron of the Conservatives , Ed Miliband of Labour , Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats , Nigel Farage of the United Kingdom Independence Party , Natalie Bennett of the Green Party , Nicola Sturgeon of the Scottish National Party and Leanne Wood of Plaid Cymru , the Welsh Nationalists , there really was no clear winner . Comres for ITV , which staged the debate , had Cameron , Miliband and Farage tied first with 21 % and Sturgeon close behind on 20 % . ICM for The Guardian scored it Miliband 25 , Cameron 24 , Farage 19 and Sturgeon 17 . YouGov for The Times put Sturgeon first with 28 points to 20 for Farage , 18 for Cameron and only 15 for Miliband . Back in the 1950s , UK politics was simpler : Labour and Conservatives combined took 97 % of the votes . But nowadays they struggle to collect two-thirds of the national vote between them . In our anti-politics age nationalists and others have advanced and the leaders ' TV debate was no gladiatorial contest with a straightforward outcome . Rather it was a cacophonous shouting match that probably gave all parties ' supporters some satisfaction but which offered little new insight to the undecided voter . From a highly confused affair we can perhaps take six lessons : As the incumbent Prime Minister , Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with Miliband alone in verbal fisticuffs . He has risked being labelled a coward for doing so but it was a tactical decision . Miliband has been given a hard time by the British media who have gloated over his difficulties in eating a bacon sandwich and presented him as an awkward geek . But Labour 's leader is a perfectly capable debater . He could only gain from their confrontation . As it is , election time media exposure has already seen Miliband 's ratings as a leader improve . The electoral strengths and weaknesses of the two main leaders are emerging . In an earlier clash involving separate sessions before a studio audience and in a grilling by UK TV 's Grand Inquisitor Jeremy Paxman , Cameron proved vulnerable on broken promises to cut immigration , on the number of people employed on zero-hours contracts and on being too kind to the rich in his taxation policies . Miliband has looked unconvincing on how he will fund his promises to continue cutting the budget deficit and how he will curb immigration ; he also is still embarrassed when questioners remind audiences how he knifed his brother David to get the leader 's job . The impression so far is that Britain 's voters do n't much like the Conservatives despite the recovering economy but do n't quite trust Labour to continue the improvement . Miliband , told by his handlers to look tough , is using the "  i " word too much . Cameron is curiously short on passion . An oddity of the Seven Up debate was that many who viewed it will have no chance of voting for two of the leaders involved , Sturgeon of the Scottish National Party and Wood of Plaid Cymru . But Sturgeon 's high score in the post-debate polls was significant . She was sharp and sassy . The number of seats gained by the Nationalists , currently on target to win as many as 50 of the 59 Westminster Parliament seats in Scotland , will be crucial . Last time Labour won 41 of those seats : The more the SNP take , the weaker Labour 's chance of a majority at Westminster will be . Miliband says he wo n't form a coalition with the SNP but it could be difficult for Labour to govern without some deal with their bitter opponents north of the border . If there was a "  winner " in the debate it was Nicola Sturgeon . Back in the 2010 UK election debates the clear victor was Clegg of the Liberal Democrats . Then the two main party leaders frequently found themselves parroting "  I agree with Nick . " By entering a coalition government with Cameron  in which the Lib Dems ' insistence on raising the tax threshold for the lower paid has been a key element in increasing employment and economic recovery  , Clegg surrendered the Lib Dems ' previous ability to pick up protest votes . Clegg and his party have paid a heavy price for the compromises made in government , notably on student tuition fees . His debate performance was as good as any of the seven leaders but no poll gave him a rating of better than 10 % . Perception is everything . In social media and studio focus groups there were plenty of plaudits for the Greens and even for Plaid Cymru 's Wood but Clegg got hardly a mention . The United Kingdom Independence Party remains the joker in the pack . The party once dismissed by Cameron as a collection of "  fruitcakes , loonies and closet racists " is a serious threat to the Conservatives -- and Labour -- despite the many gaffes that seemed to cost it some momentum lately . But UKIP , more than any of the others , is a personal vehicle for its leader and the debate was crucial for them . Grinning Farage 's blokey saloon bar manner goes down well with studio audiences and he kept the focus on immigration . His party wo n't win many seats but he has ensured they can still tip the balance in plenty of contests , sometimes taking votes off the Conservatives , sometimes off Labour . Farage has always traded on the outer edge of political civilities and by insisting in the debate that immigrants were responsible for 60 % of HIV cases he earned condemnation from other leaders . On social media , dominated by the young , that earned him the maximum boo count . To "  win " a TV election debate you need to avoid gaffes yourself , to wrongfoot your opponent , and to offer some excitement that gives your campaign the chance to develop momentum . You need to produce vivid soundbites which will work their way into summary reports of the debates and into campaign replays . Nobody has yet succeeded in doing that in this campaign . The highly paid spin doctors employed by the three major parties are simply not worth their money . The emphasis has been on sound defense : Nobody has yet scored an exciting goal . As the campaign moves on , chances will have to be taken . READ : Fish , bacon and beer : The real issues in Britain 's election	No clear winner in opinion polls after first UK election debate between seven party leaders Robin Oakley says David Cameron and challenger Ed Miliband did well , but there was little insight for voters
He may have fully intended to figure out a new take on Patrick Swayze 's iconic philosopher-surfer , but just months before cameras were supposed to roll on the "  Point Break " remake , news broke that star Gerard Butler had officially dropped out of the project . EW confirmed the news Tuesday . All we can say is "  Vaya con Dios , brah . " It 's probably not a terrible move . Reboot planned for Patrick Swayze 's surf-heist movie ` Point Break ' The remake of director Kathryn Bigelow 's 1991 cult classic has been in the works since 2011 , and finally , in the last year , it looked like Alcon Entertainment was getting traction . They had a script from Kurt Wimmer . Butler had signed on . They 'd found a director in Ericson Core , and even a Johnny Utah  Luke Bracey  . The Hollywood Reporter , which first broke the Butler news , cited creative and scheduling differences for the fallout and says that Alcon still intends to keep its start date and will work quickly to recast the role . Why ` Point Break ' is the best summer movie EVER Alcon Entertainment did not immediately respond to EW 's request for comment . But now that there 's this hole , what do you all think ? Who would you like to see in the part ? See the original story at EW.com .	Butler has officially dropped out of the project The Hollywood Reporter first broke the news The studio has not commented
CNN  -- Residents in parts of southern Yemen experienced a "  human rights catastrophe " when an al-Qaeda affiliate took control of the country 's Abyan province for 14 months , according to Amnesty International . In a new report entitled "  Conflict in Yemen : Abyan 's Darkest Hour " , the rights group catalogs "  a raft of gross and deeply disturbing " punishments carried out by Ansar al-Sharia , including crucifixions , public executions , amputations and floggings . Read more : Al Qaeda figure comes back to life in Yemen "  They committed horrific abuses , " said Cilina Nasser , of Amnesty International . "  They set up courts , their own courts and claimed to apply Islamic law . " One man , accused of spying for the U.S. , was killed and then had his remains crucified . A video obtained by the rights group shows the rotting body , which had been left out in the open for days -- a warning to anyone who might consider doing the same . In another video , a prisoner , bound and blindfolded , is led to a public square . The man , convicted of spying on al-Qaeda for Saudi Arabia , is then readied for execution . Read more : Security official for U.S. Embassy in Yemen killed For the U.S. and Yemen , who for years have been attempting to vanquish a resurgent and emboldened al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the news could n't have been more dire . "  As the United States and as Saudi Arabia have been very , very concerned about al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula being able to sort of plot , plan and launch attacks from their hideouts in Yemen , the Saudis and Americans have worked together to create these undercover agents , " Gregory Johnsen , a Yemen expert who has written a book on the nation . But the militants were not only going after alleged spies . Read more : Huge death toll doubles in Yemen ` slaughter ' According to Amnesty International , one woman was beheaded for the crime of sorcery . In an extremely disturbing video , her severed head can be seen as it is paraded through the streets . And one young man , accused of theft , had his hand publicly amputated . "  They detained me in a room for five days , " the young man later told the rights group . "  They kept beating me hard ... After five days , they gave me an injection and I slept ... When I woke up my hand was not there . " A chilling video shows him lying unconscious -- his left arm stretched out as one man begins cutting through the wrist . Once done , a spectator takes the severed hand and raises it for the gathered crowd to see . Cries of "  God is great " can then be heard . "  In 2011 , the Yemeni military essentially split during the uprising that eventually overthrew the long serving president Ali Abdullah Saleh , " explained Yemen expert Gregory Johnsen . "  They were fighting amongst themselves and what this did is it opened up a lot of space for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and their affiliate Ansar Al-Shaira to take over villages and towns in Southern Yemen , particularly in Abyan and in Shabwa . " Between February 2011 and June 2012 , after seizing those areas , they began imposing and practicing a very draconian interpretation of Islamic law . Read more : Huge suicide blast kills more than 100 troops in Yemen But in that time , they were also able to provide services a weak central government had not . "  They established their own police system , their own court system , " Johnsen said . "  They started to dig water wells , string electrical lines in villages that had never had these before , that had essentially been ignored by the Yemeni government for decades . " "  On one hand , " added Johnsen , "  they were welcomed in the fact that they were able to impose law and security . But the longer they stayed , the more unpopular they became . " According to Amnesty International , in the end , the people of Abyan were n't just subjected to repression by Ansar al-Sharia , they were also subjected to additional violations by the Yemeni government forces . "  When the situation evolved into an armed conflict between Ansar al-Sharia and the Yemeni government , " explained Nasser , "  both sides committed violations of international humanitarian law . " Amnesty 's report states how Ansar al-Sharia used residential areas as its base , "  recklessly exposing civilian residents to harm . " The righs group also details how it says the Yemeni military 's intense aerial bombardment as well as the use of inappropriate battlefield weapons in residential areas further endangered a population already in peril . "  Scores of civilians , including children , were killed , " reads the report , "  and many more injured as a result of air strikes and artillery and mortar attacks by government forces . " The "  toxic mix of fighting and human rights abuses , " it states , "  meant an estimated 250,000 people from the southern governorates , particularly Abyan , were displaced . " The Yemeni government said it is studying the Amnesty report . "  The Yemeni government will carefully examine the findings , " said Mohammed Albasha , the spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington . "  Sanaa continues to welcome the international community 's support of the government 's efforts to promote and protect human rights . " Albasha added that Yemen 's President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi had this past September "  established a committee to investigate human rights violations " and that the country had "  officially adopted the Paris Principles , which provide guidelines on the protection of children during armed conflict . " While Ansar al-Sharia was ultimately driven out and Yemen 's government ended up claiming success , continued instability in the country , a haven for Al-Qaeda , has left many wondering how long will that victory may last .	New Amnesty International report came out Tuesday Ansar al-Sharia took control of the area "  They committed horrific abuses , " Amnesty says
Stacey Addison marked her 41st birthday this week in very different circumstances from previous years . The American veterinarian from Oregon spent the day in a prison in the small Southeast Asian nation of East Timor . She 's being held there in connection with a drug investigation in which she says she was unwittingly caught up . "  It 's been a nightmare , " her mother , Bernadette Kero , told CNN on Wednesday . "  We just want her to be able to come home . " Addison shares a cell with two other women and has received treatment for an abscess at the prison clinic , her mother said . "  Never in a million years would I have thought that she 'd be spending her birthday today in a prison , " Kero said with tears in her eyes . ` She had no involvement ' The way that Addison , who has been traveling solo since January 2013 , ended up in jail is a terrifying case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time , according to her and her mother . After working for 10 years as a vet and saving money , Addison quit her job , sold her home and belongings and set out to travel the world , setting aside a small nest egg for when she would eventually come home , Kero said . On September 5 , Addison was sharing a cab from near the Indonesian border to Dili , the capital of East Timor , when the journey turned into a traveler 's nightmare . On the way , another passenger asked to stop and pick up a package at a DHL office . "  My daughter was in the vehicle in the backseat , " Kero said . "  She was looking up in her Lonely Planet to find a hostel , he came back with a package . At that point , the police surrounded the car and arrested all three of them . " The package was found to contain methamphetamine , Addison said on her Facebook page . Police searched her and her belongings and gave her a urine test , which she said came back clean . "  At that initial point she was n't that worried ; she knew she had no involvement , " Kero said . ` Very scared about the future ' But Addison was held for four nights in a detention center before being conditionally released by a judge . "  The person who picked up the package , he told the police and he testified before the judge that he did n't know my daughter , " Kero said . "  He had never met her before ; he did n't know the driver . He had just paid to hire the driver . " But the terms of Addison 's release prevented her from leaving East Timor while the investigation into the case continued . She found herself caught up in the young developing country 's justice system and was advised to hire a lawyer . "  I am under a lot of stress and very scared about the future , but I am trying to stay strong , " she said in a Facebook post on September 24 . Her situation appeared to be looking up last week , when she had a court appearance to retrieve her passport . But rather than giving Addison her papers and letting her go , the court detained her again and sent her to Gleno prison outside Dili , a U.S. State Department official said . "  She had thought this was being resolved -- now this , " said her mother , who has set up a Facebook page titled PleaseHelpStacey . ' A violation of human rights ' Paul Remedios , a senior lawyer representing Addison , said the court had detained her again because there was a warrant for her arrest -- although the reason for the warrant remains unclear . He said her arrest , in which she was deprived of the rights to a defense and to be heard before a judge , had n't followed due process . "  We consider this to be a violation of human rights , " Remedios said , but he warned that under East Timor 's criminal procedure law , an individual can be held in detention for up to a year while there is an ongoing investigation . The East Timor Justice Ministry did n't respond to calls from CNN seeking comment on Addison 's case Thursday . The U.S. government is seeking "  a fair and expeditious resolution to this case in accordance with Timorese law , " the State Department official said . Hair cut short For her first five days in Gleno prison , Addison was held on her own , according to Kero . Her long blond hair was cut short to comply with prison protocol . But she 's since been moved to a unit with about 16 other women , at least one of whom has a child , Kero said . She is being treated as well as can be expected and gets three meals a day , her mother said . The U.S. Embassy is in "  close contact " with Addison and a consular official visited her in prison on Tuesday , the State Department official said . Kero said embassy staff have been "  extremely supportive " in the case -- they brought Addison a birthday cake recently . She said she hopes a meeting Friday between U.S. State Department officials and the Timorese ambassador might help move the case forward . The staff of Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon have been "  working with the State Department and her family to get this resolved as quickly as possible , " said Hank Stern , a spokesman for the senator . Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley 's office is also working with the family , he said .	Stacey Addison was detained by police in September during a taxi journey She says another passenger in the cab picked up a package containing drugs Addison spent her birthday this week in a prison where she is being treated for an abscess "  It 's been a nightmare . We just want her to be able to come home , " her mother tells CNN
CNN  -- American teenager Lexi Thompson has sealed her first major victory at the Kraft Nabisco Championship in California . The 19-year-old shot a four-under-par 68 in the final round at the Mission Hills Country Club in Rancho Mirage to win by three shots from compatriot Michelle Wie . Thompson had been tied with Wie on 10 under after Saturday 's third round and got off to the perfect start on Sunday with a birdie at the par-four first hole before picking up three more shots on the front nine . Wie kept pace for a time , drawing level with a birdie at the second , but a bogey at the next hole would set the tone for a mixed round of 71 following a flawless round of 68 on Saturday . Thompson , meanwhile , was faultless and nerveless down the final stretch scoring nine consecutive pars to cruise to victory . "  Well , it was an amazing day , " said Thompson , who picks up a winner 's check of $ 300,000 . "  Starting off with a birdie definitely helped . But just hitting that first tee shot obviously a little nervous , but it was definitely what I 've been practicing for , what I live for , to play under that pressure and to get a major win under my belt , especially the Kraft Nabisco . It 's such a huge honor to win this tournament , " she added . Wie , 24 , who is still seeking a first major title , was full of praise for her playing partner on Sunday . "  Lexi  played amazing today , " Wie said . "  She played probably the best I 've ever seen her play . She hit the ball so well . She made everything . It was just hard to catch up to her all day today , but I 'm really happy for her . I 'm really proud of her . " America 's Stacy Lewis finished seven shots behind in third with compatriot Cristie Kerr finishing in a tie for fourth with Korea 's Se Ri Pak . Thompson 's victory cements her place as one of the finest young female players in the game . In 2007 , at the age of 12 , Thompson became the youngest player to qualify for the U.S. Women 's Open and in 2011 became the youngest winner on the LPGA Tour winning the Navistar LPGA Classic aged 16 years , seven months and eight days . The Florida native confirmed her growing reputation with two more Tour wins last year , winning the Sime Darby LPGA Malaysia and the Lorena Ochoa Invitational in Mexico . At 19 years , one month and 27 days , Thompson becomes the second youngest winner of a women 's major after compatriot Morgan Pressel  18 years , 10 months and nine days  won the same tournament back in 2007 . The U.S. Women 's Open will take place at Pinehurst in June . Meanwhile , the world 's best male golfers are gearing up for the first major tournament of 2014 with the opening round of the Masters getting underway at Augusta National on Thursday . Read more : Drama as Aussie earns Masters spot	19-year-old becomes second youngest winner of women 's major title Teenager fires four-under 68 to in final round to beat Michelle Wie by three strokes Thompson became youngest LPGA Tour winner in 2011
CNN  Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson , stars of the hotly anticipated "  50 Shades of Grey " movie , opened up to Glamour magazine about everything from what drew them to their characters to sculpting their bodies for nude scenes to visiting a sex dungeon in preparation for the film . Johnson , the daughter of actors Don Johnson and Melanie Griffith , plays Anastasia Steele , a naive young woman who finds herself ensnared in the dark sexual world of Christian Grey , a successful businessman with a penchant for bondage and domination . The film is based on the book trilogy by E.L. James that took the publishing world by storm . Fans of the book are eager for the Valentine 's weekend release . The story is not without its detractors , some of whom have criticized the relationship between Christian and Anastasia as abusive and not true to the BSDM community . Why I do n't want my daughters to see ` Fifty Shades ' Johnson addressed the criticism , calling Anastasia a positive example of a woman exploring her sexuality . Still , Dornan told Glamour he felt protective of Johnson , who was placed in vulnerable situations during filming . Director Sam Taylor-Johnson also explained why Johnson is perfect for the role . "  50 Shades of Grey " will be released on February 13 . The March issue of Glamour hits newsstands February 10 and is available online now . Glamour.com : Best Trends to Try in 2015 Excerpts from the interview are below : On chasing the hottest roles in Hollywood ... DAKOTA JOHNSON : I had read the books and was drawn to the character of Ana because she 's private , loving , honest -- and because she and Christian are both incredibly intelligent , confident , and can spar with each other on every level . I auditioned for two months . I met with Sam a bunch of times . So when I found out I had the part , I think I started crying . I was relieved the not-knowing was over . Click here to view a "  50 Shades " slideshow on Glamour.com SAM TAYLOR-JOHNSON : Dakota was everything that I wanted in Anastasia . She has a strong sense of who she is , but at the same time there 's a sweetness about her . It was tough to find Christian because , on the page , he 's perfect . In real life there are n't so many people that tick all those boxes : to be able to be charismatic and charming , successful , wealthy , and devastatingly handsome . JAMIE DORNAN : At first , I did n't audition . I made a tape in London with a casting director . I did n't hear anything until they cast Charlie  Hunnam  . I thought it was kind of funny to say that I 'd auditioned to play Christian and failed miserably . Then whatever happened with  Hunnam  happened , and the doors opened again . Click here to watch a behind-the-scenes video interview of Johnson and Dornan on Glamour.com On becoming Anastasia and Christian ... JAMIE : I had to do a lot of work to get in shape because Christian 's someone who 's very anal about that . But it was n't six hours a day . You do n't want to turn to your heavily pregnant wife and say , "  I 'm going to the gym for six hours . Text me if you go into labor . " DAKOTA : Jamie and I actually shared a trainer . It was important to me that Ana 's body look like that of an active college student . And I was going be naked , so I wanted to look good . I did a lot of working out and had more waxing than any woman should have ! Glamour.com : 27 Cringeworthy Fashion DO N'Ts JAMIE : In that six weeks before filming , my daughter was born . It was just an insane time . For research , one rainy Tuesday evening , I kissed the wife and baby good night and went to watch a dominant-submissive session in a dungeon . The dominant was our sort of adviser on the job . He 'd be on hand anytime there was a scene in the Red Room  Christian 's playroom for bondage , discipline , sadism and masochism  , to say , "  You 're doing that wrong . " So I watched him do his thing . ... It was quite jovial , a very different approach to how I saw Christian being in the Red Room . I think Christian takes it a bit more seriously . DAKOTA : I did n't go to the sex dungeon . I wanted to keep myself distanced from it at first because I wanted Ana 's reaction to certain things to be completely honest and real , like new . But I did do a lot of reading about the culture of BDSM . It 's about the ebb and flow of control between two people . To me , there 's something really honest in wanting to completely give up control for just a second . Glamour.com : Carrie Underwood 's Workout Moves for Miniskirt-Ready Legs On entering the Red Room ... DAKOTA : The scenes in that room were definitely the most vulnerable scenes in the movie . But it was a very closed set -- my mom told me that it 's my right to ask for that during intimate scenes , so it seemed like  Jamie and Sam and I  were in this little world together . JAMIE : Some of the Red Room stuff was uncomfortable . There were times when Dakota was not wearing much , and I had to do stuff to her that I 'd never choose to do to a woman . Glamour.com : 46 Brand-New Wedding Dresses That Will Make Your Heart Sing DAKOTA : It 's stressful enough to be tied to a bed naked in a scene . But then they call cut , and you 're still tied to the bed , naked . Jamie would be the first one to throw a blanket over me . JAMIE : I felt very protective and aware that it probably was n't easy for her to be put in those situations , and exposed . And Sam , as a director , has an amazing quality of making everyone feel very relaxed . SAM : We left anything that was emotionally difficult or of a sexual nature until the last few weeks of filming . By that point we had time to get to know each other , to build that trust , which was important to be able to go into the next realm . Those days on set were calm , but you could definitely feel tension . Glamour.com : 25 Celebrity Hairstyles that Will Make You Want Bangs On fans , haters and the countdown to megastardom ... JAMIE : I  already  get , "  Oh my God , you 're Christian Grey ! "  out in public  . And I say , "  No , I 'm Jamie ! I 'm an actor . " When the film comes out , there will probably be more of that . I do n't think you can prepare for that . You ca n't put up sandbags , get rations in . I just live my life . I 've had the same friends since I was a small boy . None of them do what I do or , frankly , give a sh*t about what I do . We just love each other . The one thing I take comfort in is that none of that is going anywhere , no matter what the perception of me is or what happens in my career . DAKOTA : I 'm proud of  the movie  . I completely disagree with people who think Ana 's weak . I think she 's actually stronger than he is . Everything she does is her choice . And if I can be an advocate for women to do what they want with their bodies and not be ashamed of what they want , then I 'm all for that . My mom came up for a day -LSB- during filming -RSB- . She 's proud of me . But I do n't want my family to see -LSB- the movie -RSB- , because it 's inappropriate . Or my brothers ' friends , who I grew up with . I think they 'd be like , Blegh  mimics vomiting  . Also there 's part of me that 's like , I do n't want anyone to see this movie . Just kidding . On their turn-ons ... JAMIE : I 've got a thing for great hands . My wife  Amelia Warner  has my favorite hands in the world . Being from Northern Ireland , I 'm programmed to enjoy stories , so I find it sexy if a woman can tell a funny story . And I 've always found attractive talking to someone who 's achieved something that I could n't . DAKOTA : Like Jamie , I like good hands . Manly hands . I grew up in Colorado , and there are manly men there , so manliness is attractive to me . I think it 's unsexy when a man chews with his mouth open or when a man is rude or wears fedoras . I hate fedoras . Oh God , I can find more things I hate about men than I like . I think it 's just a phase ! Glamour.com : 10 Things He 's Thinking When You 're Naked	'50 Shades of Grey ' stars Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson talked to Glamour about sex scenes and more The interview hits newsstands February 10 , and the film is out February 13
CNN  -- The most shocking thing about the arrest of a man linked to 79 killings may be that authorities do n't find it shocking . At 20 years old , Juan Pablo Vazquez is accused of killing rivals , a policeman , a stripper and other innocent bystanders . But you wo n't find authorities in the northern economic hub of Monterrey , Mexico , using any superlatives to describe the alleged killer . Not the worst they 've ever seen , not the most ruthless , not the youngest or most prolific . That 's because Monterrey and its surroundings are an area disputed by rival drug cartels . From 2010 to the present , an average of 108 people have been killed each month in the state of Nuevo Leon , according to official statistics . Monterrey , the capital , has recorded 223 homicides so far this year . Vazquez 's arrest , then , merited a press conference , but no celebration as if an alleged serial killer had been brought down . "  We are witnessing a very severe crisis because of the war between cartels , " one Mexican official said . Vazquez was caught on October 8 , but the arrest was not announced until Thursday . He was arrested together with a woman , Nancy Ortiz , who police said was selling drugs with Vazquez . The pair was caught with 35 baggies of weed and 22 packets of cocaine , the state 's security secretariat said . The young man confessed to 45 killings , security officials said , and has been implicated in 34 other slayings between 2011 and this year . Fear of reprisals from the warring cartels means that officials keep details to a minimum , not even revealing what gang a suspect belongs to . The Mexican official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , told CNN that Vazquez is a member of the Gulf cartel . The Gulf cartel is fighting with the Zetas cartel for lucrative smuggling routes to the United States . The official scoffed at the idea that Vazquez was any more dangerous or deadly than other alleged cartel hit men . He described Vazquez simply as the latest member of a large cell of assassins to be caught . Vazquez was not necessarily the shooter in all the cases , but was a witness or otherwise involved in the killings , the official said . Sometimes he was just one of several shooters who aimed at their targets . Cartel members who were arrested before him fingered him in connection with the 34 killings he did not confess to , the official said . And if the thought of a 20-year-old having a hand in 79 deaths sounds like an exaggeration , authorities released a list of dates and victims ' names . Among the killings he is accused of : -- A transit officer who pulled him over on March 13 . -- An exotic dancer who had been kidnapped from a strip club on July 30 . -- A woman who happened to be accompanying a member of a rival cartel on January 16 . -- A group of eight rivals who were at a bar on August 13 . The list goes on and on . It is just a small fraction of the number of homicides committed in Nuevo Leon , the official said .	Juan Pablo Vazquez was arrested earlier this month Authorities link him to 79 killings in northern Mexico His track record is n't surprising to some
Ariel Sharon , whose half century as a military and political leader in Israel was marked with victories and controversies , died Saturday after eight years in a coma , Israeli Army Radio reported . Sharon was 85 . Sharon died at Sheba Medical Center in the Tel Aviv suburb of Tel Hashomer . The Israeli statesman was a national war hero to many Israelis for his leadership , both in uniform or as a civilian , during every Israeli war . Israelis mourn loss of former leader Many in the Arab world called Sharon "  the Butcher of Beirut " after he oversaw Israel 's 1982 invasion of Lebanon while serving as defense minister . He was a major figure in many defining events in the Middle East for decades , including his decision to turn over Gaza and parts of the West Bank to Palestinian control . Throughout , he was called "  The Bulldozer , " a fearless leader who got things done . Ariel Sharon : Five things to know The reaction in his own right-wing Likud Party to his order to the military to drag some Israeli settlers from their homes in Gaza led Sharon in November 2005 to form the political party Kadima , Hebrew for "  Forward . " He was in his fifth year as prime minister when he suffered a massive stroke in January 2006 , which left him comatose . Ehud Olmert , who became interim prime minister after Sharon 's stroke , assumed the role of prime minister after leading the Kadima Party to an election victory in March 2006 . Sharon 's career was closely tied to Israel 's relationship with Lebanon . A life on front lines of war and politics During the Lebanon war in 1982 , Sharon , a former army general then serving as Israeli defense minister , was held indirectly responsible by an Israeli inquiry in 1983 for the massacre of hundreds of Palestinians at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps . He was forced to resign . Sharon , who lived on a ranch in the Negev Desert , became prime minister on March 7 , 2001 . He was the man who encouraged Israelis to establish settlements on occupied Palestinian land , but he also was the leader who pushed for Israel 's historic 2005 withdrawal from 25 settlements in the West Bank and Gaza , which was turned over to Palestinian rule for the first time in 38 years . Ariel Sharon : Fast Facts Sharon formed the centrist Kadima in an effort to build political support for his controversial plan to turn over Gaza and parts of the West Bank to Palestinian control . In grappling with the decades-long conflict between Israelis and Palestinians , Sharon said in 2001 , "  I can talk and look in the eyes of the citizens of Israel and convince them to make painful compromises . " As waves of suicide bombings by militants rocked Israel , Sharon sent tanks and troops into Palestinian towns , ordering assassinations of Palestinian militant leaders . Sharon ordered construction of the barrier through the West Bank and confined then-Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat , whom he called "  a terrorist , " to his compound in Ramallah , accusing him of encouraging attacks on Israel . This veteran of all of Israel 's wars was a national hero to many . In 1953 , after a wave of terrorist attacks from Jordan , Sharon the military leader led the infamous Unit 101 on a raid into the border town of Kibya , blowing up 45 houses and killing 69 Arab villagers . Sharon said he thought the houses were empty . In June 1967 , as a general , Sharon led his tank battalion to a crushing victory over the Egyptians in the Sinai during the Six Day War . But what he considered his greatest military success came in 1973 during the Yom Kippur War . He surrounded Egypt 's Third Army and , defying orders , led 200 tanks and 5,000 men over the Suez Canal , a turning point in the war . As defense minister , Sharon was the architect of Israel 's invasion of Lebanon , an occupation meant to stop the Palestine Liberation Organization from using Lebanon as a base for attacks on Israel . The attack was disastrous . After the Sabra and Shatila massacre , he allowed Israeli families to settle in occupied Palestinian land , the same land Palestinians claimed as a future state . As a result of the inquiry , however , Sharon was forced to stand down and was banned from ever being defense minister again . "  He felt betrayed by his government , " said his adviser , Ranaan Gissin . Sharon made a political comeback in the 1990s , eventually becoming leader of his party in 2000 . That year , he faced more trouble when he visited the holiest site for Jews , the Temple Mount in Jerusalem -- known to Muslims as Haram al Sharif , "  The Noble Sanctuary . " The stop sparked violent protests . The incident prompted the second Intifada -- the Palestinian uprising against Israeli rule -- that began in September of that year . Throughout his career , both in the military and in politics , Sharon was the man Israelis turned to when they thought they had no other choice . Either leading from the front or calling the shots as an elected leader , he was always the soldier . Even in his later years out of uniform , his military demeanor was just below the surface . He never delivered on his promise of peace and security . Sharon was born on a farm outside Tel Aviv . The son of Russian immigrants , he always remembered a lesson from his father as he ascended to the highest office in Israel . "  When my father saw that I was tired , he would stop for a minute and say , ` Look how much we have done already , ' " he once explained .	Ariel Sharon was 85 He had been in a coma for eight years His leadership was marked with victories and controversies
CNN  Ah , winter doldrums . Between the snowstorms and bitter temperatures , is there a better season for hunkering down for some binge-watching or catching a movie ? It 's easier than ever thanks to streaming platforms including Netflix and Amazon Prime , especially as their catalogs keep growing . Here 's what you can look forward to in February : Netflix "  Bleach the Movie : Hell Verse "  2010 "  The Brothers Bloom "  2008 "  Dark Ride "  2006 "  Departures " Seasons 1 and 2 "  Gim me Shelter "  2013 "  Gucci : The Director " "  Hot Pursuit " "  Houseboat " "  Into the Blue 2 : The Reef " "  Joe " "  King Arthur " "  Magic City " Seasons 1 and 2 "  M * A * S * H " Seasons 1 through 5 "  Naruto Shippuden : The Movie " "  Now : In the Wings on a World Stage " "  Proof " "  Spartacus : Complete Series " "  We Could Be King " "  We 're No Angels " "  Zapped " "  The Little Rascals Save the Day "  2014 "  Ever After High : Spring Unsprung " "  Danger 5 " "  Dead Snow 2 : Red vs. Dead " "  Elsa & Fred " "  Blood Ties " "  Catch Hell " "  Dwight Howard : In the Moment " "  Mr. Peabody & Sherman " "  Young Ones " "  The Two Faces of January " "  Scary Movie 5 " "  Mako Mermaids " Season 2 "  Save the Date " "  The Overnighters " "  Earth to Echo " "  In Secret " "  The Fluffy Movie " "  White Bird in a Blizzard " "  Richie Rich " Season 1  2015 Netflix original "  RoboCop "  2014 "  Hawaii Five-0 " Seasons 1 to 4 "  1,000 Times Good Night " "  Open Windows " "  Russell Brand : Messiah Complex " "  Ralphie May : Unruly " "  House of Cards " Season 3 Amazon Prime "  Batman "  1989 "  Batman Returns " "  Into the Blue 2 : The Reef " "  Airplane II : The Sequel " "  Hitch " "  Lars and the Real Girl " "  Joe " "  Gim me Shelter " "  Ulee 's Gold " "  Love Story " "  Music From Another Room " "  The Brothers Bloom " "  The Object of Beauty " "  The Other End of the Line " "  The Way We Were " "  Mulberry Street " "  Air Force One " "  Tootsie " "  Steel Magnolias " "  Mood Indigo " "  Sense & Sensibility " "  Soul of a Banquet " "  20,000 Days on Earth " "  Robocop "  2014 "  Finding Neverland " "  Orphan Black " Season 2 "  Alpha & Omega " "  Believe Me  Prime member exclusive "  Clerks II " "  Jamie Marks is Dead " "  Hannibal " Season 2 iTunes "  Blacklist " Season 2 midseason premiere "  Sirens " Season premiere "  Fresh Off the Boat " Series premiere Allegiance Series premiere "  Outlander " First 8 episodes "  Better Call Saul " Series premiere "  The Walking Dead " Season 5 midseason premiere "  Olive Kitteridge " "  New Worlds " "  Nurse Jackie " Season 6 "  Schitt 's Creek " "  The Slap " Series premiere "  Game of Thrones " Season 4 "  Rizzoli & Isles " Season 6 "  Vikings " Season 3 "  The Odd Couple " Season 1 "  Two and A Half Men : Series finale "  The Affair " Season 1 "  Parks and Recreation " Series finale "  How to Get Away With Murder " Season finale "  Big Hero 6 " "  Birdman " "  The Overnighters " "  Dumb and Dumber To " "  Lego DC Comics Super Heroes : Justice League vs. Bizarro League " "  Scooby-Doo ! Moon Monster Madness " "  St Vincent " "  Love , Rosie " "  The Theory of Everything " "  Rosewater " "  Alexander and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad Day " "  Horrible Bosses 2 " "  Horrible Bosses " "  The Rewrite " "  The Song " "  Accidental Love " "  Dragonheart 3 : The Sorcerer 's Curse " "  Penguins of Madagascar " "  Da Sweet Blood of Jesus " "  The Last Five Years " "  Barney : Tee-rific Bugs & Animals " "  The Last Robin Hood " "  Point and Shoot " "  Whiplash " "  Inherent Vice " "  Exodus : Gods and Kings " "  Intruders " "  Serena " "  Maps to the Stars " "  My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn "	New streaming content is coming "  M * A * S * H " seasons 1 through 5 is on the list Amazon Prime is offering two "  Batman " films
Los Angeles  CNN  Police in California are pleading for help from the public in the investigation into the shooting of three people and the death of a baby who was later found in a dumpster . Long Beach Police Chief Robert Luna admits that investigators do not have enough information to answer the key questions in the case , but are confident that witnesses can fill in the gaps . Three-week-old Eliza Delacruz was abducted from a home in Long Beach on Saturday night after her mother , father and uncle were shot . The baby 's body was found the next day , more than 100 miles away , in a strip mall dumpster in Imperial Beach . "  We need to get the coward who committed this violent , senseless act off the street , " Luna said at a news conference Monday . "  Somebody , somewhere , saw what happened , and we need you to come forward . " The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors approved Tuesday a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in the infant 's death . "  I made this motion in collaboration with the Long Beach Police Department to support their aggressive work to bring to justice the person  s  who committed this heinous crime , " Los Angeles County Supervisor Don Knabe sad in a statement . "  We are asking anyone who has any information to please come forward -- they can remain anonymous . " Police are working the leads they have , Luna said . They are interviewing family members and neighbors , and reviewing surveillance footage from the strip mall where Eliza 's body was found . But , he added , investigators need help . "  As we stand here as police officers , unfortunately we deal with tragedies , but nothing as horrendous as a child -- a baby for that fact -- being taken from her home and then be left in the trash dumpster , " he said . "  We really , really need your help . " Authorities told CNN that the attacker may have known the family . A transient searching for recyclables found the dead baby in the dumpster and alerted the owner of a business , CNN affiliate KGTV reported . Meanwhile , two of the shooting victims remain in critical condition at an area hospital , police said , and a third has been treated and released . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed from Los Angeles .	County board establishes a $ 25,000 reward for tips leading to conviction in case Three-week-old Eliza was found dead after being abducted Her mother , father and uncle were shot at a home in Long Beach
Paris  CNN  -- French President Nicolas Sarkozy courted far-right voters Monday in advance of a May 6 runoff against Socialist Francois Hollande , who won the most support in the first round of France 's presidential elections . Sarkozy said he has a "  duty to listen " to far-right voters after National Front candidate Marine Le Pen attracted a record amount of support in the first round of voting Sunday . "  We must respect the voters ' will , " Sarkozy said Monday , calling the support for Le Pen a "  crisis vote . " Hollande narrowly beat Sarkozy as 10 candidates competed in the first round of the election . Hollande and Sarkozy now go to a second round because no one got a majority Sunday . A poll of 1,004 people shows Hollande with support from 54.5 percent of respondents compared with 45.5 who said they would vote for Sarkozy . The French Institute of Public Opinion said it conducted the poll Sunday night . Sarkozy , of the center-right RPR party , has been a significant figure on the European and international stages since becoming president in 2007 . Under his leadership , France has played key roles in international hot spots such as Libya and Syria , not to mention during the pan-European debt crisis , but the domestic economy has been a prime focus of the election . France is struggling in the face of sluggish economic growth and a 10 % unemployment rate . Hollande generally supports "  more government action to stimulate the economy " whereas Sarkozy favors policies such as lowering some taxes and possibly repealing the mandatory 35-hour limit on the work week , said Michael Leruth , who teaches a course about the election at the College of William & Mary in Virginia . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , through spokesman Georg Streiter , expressed her support Monday for Sarkozy , but said she would work "  closely and well with any elected French president . " Sarkozy is pressing for three debates with Hollande before the next round , accusing the Socialist of "  fleeing his responsibilities " by saying he wanted only one debate . Aurelie Filippetti , an adviser to Hollande , said Sunday there would only be a single debate , on May 2 . "  There has always been one debate , and there 's no need for  that  to change , " she told CNN . The far-right Le Pen , 43 , did not specifically direct her own supporters to rally behind or against anyone in the runoff , but on Sunday night , she described Sarkozy as "  the outgoing president " and characterized her party as "  the only opposition . " "  We have never been as high as this , " she said , pointing to her showing . "  This is only the beginning . Let us continue to fight . " Her National Front party -- founded and , until last year , led by her father -- has been known for anti-euro , protectionist policies , its stringent positions on curbing immigration and other more right-wing stances that would appear to jibe more closely with the views of Sarkozy than Hollande . Yet Ludovic Dedanne , a Le Pen adviser , accused Sarkozy of breaking promises during his five years in office and said people "  do not trust " him . He recommended that his candidate 's supporters "  abstain " in the runoff . With all votes counted on Monday , Hollande had 28.63 % support , followed by Sarkozy at 27.18 % . Le Pen garnered 17.9 % of the vote , while Jean-Luc Melenchon on the extreme left had 11.11 % and centrist Francois Bayrou had 9.13 % . The gap had tightened appreciably from earlier results , when Hollande held a 6-percentage-point lead with just less than half the votes counted . Turnout was 79.47 % , officials said . That marks a drop from 2007 , when 84 % of the nation 's voters went to the polls , though key players from both Hollande and Sarkozy 's camps described it as a "  strong turnout " indicative of citizens ' high interest in the race . The results appeared to be historic , and a bad sign for Sarkozy . Several high-profile Hollande supporters told CNN that a French president running for re-election has never failed to place first in the first round of the vote . Especially with neither of them close to a majority , who assumes the presidency hinges on what support Sarkozy or Hollande can get from those who did n't back them Sunday . In his speech Sunday night , Melenchon urged his supporters to "  fight against Sarkozy " -- noting that he 's not "  asking for anything in exchange " from Hollande for siding with him . "  I 'm asking you not to drag your feet , " Melenchon told his backers . "  I just ask you to mobilize . " One year ago , Hollande was n't even considered by many as the Socialist party 's best hope . That distinction belonged to then-International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who polls suggested could challenge and possibly beat Sarkozy . But Strauss-Kahn 's political prospects floundered in the wake of sexual assault charges -- later dropped -- after an incident at a New York hotel , as well as accusations he participated in a prostitution ring in France . That helped propel the 57-year-old Hollande , who has never formally held any national elected office , to become his party 's presidential choice . He is now aiming to become France 's first left-wing leader since the late Francois Mitterrand left office in 1995 . French Trade and Tourism Minister Frederic Lefebvre described Hollande as "  the choice of the past , " with other Sarkozy backers playing up the fact that Francois Mitterand did n't select him as one of his ministers during his 14 years as president , which ended in 1995 . Yet Hollande adviser Filippetti said that Le Pen 's strong showing suggested that Sarkozy could n't get those more philosophically aligned with his views to support him , despite his "  aggressive " efforts . That will leave the incumbent hard-pressed to unite all French , she said . "  The people ... do n't trust Nicolas Sarkozy any more , " Filippetti said . CNN 's Hala Gorani , Jim Bittermann , Saskya Vandoorne , Azanie M'Packo and Rachel Ramsay in Paris ; Dan Rivers and Justine Redman in Toulouse , France ; Diana Magnay in Berlin ; and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : An opinion poll shows Hollande leading Sarkozy Nicolas Sarkozy says he has a "  duty to listen " to far-right voters Socialist Francois Hollande topped Sarkozy in the first round of presidential elections Hollande and Sarkozy will face off on May 6
CNN  -- Former baseball slugger Jose Canseco , who accidentally shot himself in a finger on his left hand while cleaning a gun , tweeted a photo of the injured hand on Wednesday . "  Hope I can keep my finger but grateful it was n't something worse , " he tweeted . He said his fiancee , Leila Knight , was taking good care of him , but he got no sleep . Canseco has returned to his Las Vegas home where the shooting took place . Police say Canseco was wounded while he was cleaning a handgun . Canseco , who hit more than 450 home runs during his 17 seasons in the big leagues , was hit when his semiautomatic handgun accidentally went off , Las Vegas police said . Canseco won the American League Rookie of the Year award in 1986 and was the league MVP two years later while with the Oakland A 's . He also played for the Boston Red Sox , Chicago White Sox , New York Yankees , Texas Rangers , Tampa Bay Rays and Toronto Blue Jays during his career from 1985 to 2001 . A controversial figure and admitted steroid user , he claimed there was widespread use of performance enhancing drugs in Major League Baseball . He wrote two books on the subject -- "  Juiced : Wild Times , Rampant ` Roids , Smash Hits , and How Baseball Got Big " and "  Vindicated : Big Names , Big Liars , and the Battle to Save Baseball . " Fast facts on Jose Canseco CNN 's Veronica George and Jill Martin contributed to this report .	Jose Canseco says he 's glad he was n't wounded more seriously His handgun accidentally went off , police say During his long career , he hit more than 450 home runs He is a central figure in MLB 's steroids controversy
CNN  -- He was once a prized asset chased by a host of Europe 's top clubs but after months in the wilderness at Italian giants Inter Milan , Wesley Sneijder has opted to join Turkish club Galatasaray . The midfielder , who was part of the Netherlands ' side that lost the 2010 World Cup final to Spain , has joined the Istanbul-based outfit in a deal thought to be worth around $ 10 million . Sneijder , a former Real Madrid player , is due to fly into Istanbul to be paraded in front of the club 's notoriously loyal and vociferous fans on Monday . The 28-year-old last played for Inter back in September and had been linked with English clubs Liverpool and Manchester United , but he has opted for a move to the less regarded Turkish league instead . In quotes posted on Galatasaray 's official Twitter feed Sneijder said : "  I am very happy with my agreement with Galatasaray . "  I ca n't wait to wear the Galatasaray shirt . I know that Turkish people are very passionate about football . I feel in good shape and hope to already play in the next match against Besiktas . "  I heard a lot about Coach Fatih Terim and know his career in Italy well . It will be good to work finally work together . Turkish ? I hope to learn it soon . " Sneijder also thanked Inter 's fans on his official Twitter page : "  Bye Milan , thanks for everything ... Always in my heart ! Thanks to all the fans . On my way to Istanbul now ... Excited ! " The club also confirmed the deal had been completed on their Twitter account and their official website , over a week after they agreed a fee with Inter , the 2010 European Champions League winners . A statement on the Gala Twitter feed read : "  An agreement with Inter Milan and Wesley Sneijder for the transfer has been agreed . The conditions of the deal will be made public and the player will sign the contract after health checks . "	Wesley Sneijder leaves Inter Milan to join Turkish club Galatasaray Dutch midfielder last played a competitive game for Italian giants in September Fee for the losing 2010 World Cup finalist is believed to be around $ 10 million
NEW YORK  CNN  -- U2 fans braved the frigid cold serenading each other with old hits as they waited hours for the band to show up Tuesday . They were not disappointed . U2 -- Adam Clayton , Bono , The Edge and Larry Mullen Jr. -- hold signs for "  U2 Way " Tuesday in New York . Bono , Adam Clayton , Larry Mullen and The Edge appeared on the southwest corner of 53rd Street and Broadway -- along with Mayor Michael Bloomberg -- to unveil the street sign "  U2 Way . " West 53rd Street west of Broadway will keep the name for one week while the band is in town to appear each night on CBS ' "  The Late Show with David Letterman . " The rock band released its 12th studio album , "  No Line on the Horizon , " Tuesday and is gearing up for a worldwide tour to begin in July . Bloomberg told fans that the band represents peace and tolerance , and each member will now be considered an honorary New Yorker -- a status that is a bit more than honorary for Bono and The Edge , each of whom have second homes in the city . The rechristening of the street had special meaning for the band members . "  The Beatles had Penny Lane , Elvis had Lonely Street and now we have the street between 10th Avenue and funky , funky Broadway , " said Bono . Drummer Larry Mullen cracked that he had been hoping for something better , along the lines of Larry Mullen Circle . Adam Clayton said he already has a street named after him . There is a street in Harlem called Adam Clayton Powell Boulevard . It 's actually named after a former congressman . Guitarist The Edge said the band has a long history with New York City -- from the Mudd Club , where the band played in its early days , to Madison Square Garden , where it is expected to play several sold-out shows this summer . Avoiding traditional rock band stumbles and breakups , U2 is in its fourth decade of music , dating back to the band 's formation in 1978 , when the four were just a bunch of high school friends hanging out on the streets of Dublin , Ireland . The band that once sang "  Where the Streets Have No Name " now has a street with a name -- its name .	New York 's W. 53rd Street west of Broadway "  U2 Way " for a week Band is playing a weeklong stand on "  Late Show with David Letterman " U2 's new album , out Tuesday , is "  No Line on the Horizon "
CNN  -- Kevin-Prince Boateng has urged football authorities to give referees "  all the power " in the game 's bid to stamp out racism on and off the pitch . The AC Milan star started something big when he walked off during a friendly match in January in protest at racist abuse from the crowd , and he told CNN he is determined to help bring in even stronger sanctions to combat one of the game 's biggest problems . "  I would give all the power to the referees , " he said Friday before meeting with the head of football 's governing body to discuss issues of discrimination . "  I would even go so far to say , even if you hear a little bit , and you hear it again , stop the game -- because that 's the only way I think you can make these voices silent . That 's the only way . "  Even maybe put people in the stadium , maybe sit some people in the crowd so that they can hear and see maybe that it 's racial or that it 's very aggressive ... and tell  the match officials  what they heard . " After the meeting with Sepp Blatter in Zurich , FIFA announced that Boateng has been invited to become part of its task force against racism and discrimination . The other members have yet to be named , but Boateng hopes they will be able to lay down strong guidelines to deter racist behavior . "  I hope they are going to wake up tomorrow morning and say , ` Today -- even more . ' And , the next day wake up and say we fight even more against it , " said Boateng , who on Thursday gave a speech at a United Nations conference in Geneva discussing racism and sport . "  In this moment now we are speaking about it , but to wake up tomorrow morning and do something about it , that 's a different thing . "  Things will change , I 'm very positive about that . We can see the changes already . There are going to be more sanctions -- harder -- and I think this is the right way , I 'm looking forward to that . " The 26-year-old is still coming to terms with the impact of his actions in January , when his teammates followed him off the pitch . It not only ended the match against Italian fourth division team Pro Patria , but it also sparked worldwide debate about whether it was the right thing to do . "  At the end , after not even 10 minutes , I had like 86 phone calls on my phone and I thought something had happened , but it was just an unbelievable impact . It went all around the world within the first hour , " Boateng said . "  People were calling me , my agent was calling me , my family members , and I was like , what did I do ? Because for me it was just a situation , I felt I needed to do that -- I was angry and a bit disappointed . But it was just unbelievable how it spread around the world . " Boateng reiterated his stance that he would do the same again , if it was a top-level European match or even the World Cup final . "  I think we should not accept and tolerate it anywhere , or any game , whether it 's a friendly game or a World Cup final . If I feel this is racial abuse I would even do it in a Champions League final . "  Then of course it 's a different situation , there 's a lot of money involved . Would my teammates all follow me ? I do n't know because it 's a totally different situation , but for my part I would do the same . " Boateng admitted that when he was younger he had "  ignored " racist abuse , but now as a father he is determined to make a difference . "  I have a little son -- I 'm taking care of these things because I want my son to grow up in a nice place and not in a place where he has to be confronted by racism , " he said . Boateng grew up in Berlin and represented Germany at youth level , but switched allegiances to Ghana -- where his father was born . He said earlier in his career he had no faith the football authorities would take effective steps against racism , but has recently been impressed with sanctions -- such as Greek club AEK Athens banning one of its promising young players who made a fascist salute . "  I thought it 's never going to change , maybe they will not ever do enough to fight against it . But now the most recent example we saw of it , I think they are doing much , much better -- that players get banned for playing forever for a club or teams playing without the supporters . "  I think that is the right direction we have to move forward like that and I think then the people will understand . "	AC Milan player invited to become part of FIFA 's anti-discrimination task force Kevin-Prince Boateng tells CNN that referees need more power to combat racism He says there will be stronger sanctions from football authorities in the future Boateng says he is still stunned by worldwide impact of his protest walkoff
London  CNN  -- Steven Spielberg 's political drama "  Lincoln " on Wednesday led the field with 10 Bafta nominations , along with Tom Hooper 's film version of the long-running stage musical "  Les Miserables " and Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi , " which both have nine nods . The three are in the running for best film in the British movie awards , along with "  Argo , "  seven nominations  a thriller set during the Iran hostage crisis , and "  Zero Dark Thirty , "  five nods  directed by Katheryn Bigelow -- the only woman to win a best director Oscar -- about the hunt for Osama bin Laden . Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as the U.S. president who led his country during the civil war and worked to end slavery . Read how ` Lincoln ' distorts history Day-Lewis is up against "  Argo " star Ben Affleck , "  Les Miserables " co-star Hugh Jackman , Bradley Cooper for "  Silver Linings Playbook " and Joaquin Phoenix for "  The Master . " Oscar winner Helen Mirren is recognized in the best actress category for her role in "  Hitchcock , " playing the wife of the British suspense filmmaker . Mirren is joined by "  Amour " star Emmanuelle Riva , Jennifer Lawrence for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " "  Rust and Bone " star Marion Cotillard and Jessica Chastain for "  Zero Dark Thirty . " Quentin Tarantino is nominated for best director and original screenplay for his slavery action-drama "  Django Unchained . " Affleck is also recognized for directing "  Argo , " along with Bigelow , Lee and "  Amour " director Michael Haneke . Read why ` Django Unchained ' stirs race debate Javier Bardem was nominated as best supporting actor for his role as the villain in the latest and most commercially successful James Bond movie , "  Skyfall , " but that film was overlooked in the best film category . Bardem was among eight "  Skyfall " nominations that also included best supporting actress for Judi Dench , who plays spy boss M , and best British movie . The BAFTA awards ceremony will take place on February 10 at the Royal Opera House in London . The nominations are viewed as one of the indicators for success in the Oscars , which will be announced Thursday . Golden Globe winners will be announced on Sunday .	Steven Spielberg 's political drama "  Lincoln " leads Bafta nominations Tom Hooper 's "  Les Miserables " and Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi " also in contention Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as U.S. president Helen Mirren is recognized in best actress category for role in "  Hitchcock "
CNN  -- French first lady Valerie Trierweiler has left the hospital where she had checked in for stress and fatigue after a tabloid 's allegations of an affair between President Francois Hollande and an actress , Paris Match magazine reported Saturday . The same magazine -- where Trierweiler is a longtime correspondent -- reported that she will recover for "  several days " in an official residence in Versailles . CNN affiliate BFM-TV also reported the departure from the hospital , citing unnamed sources close to the first lady . "  Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all who sent messages support and recovery via twitter , SMS or email , " Trierweiler wrote from her verified Twitter account on Saturday , hours after her reported release . "  Very touched . " Trierweiler has been Hollande 's partner for several years . The Elysee palace told CNN on Saturday that there was "  no comment " on Trierweiler 's departure . Hollande is visiting his home district this weekend and made his first visit to see his live-in partner Friday , just over a week after she checked into the hospital . New claims emerged Friday about the reported liaison between the President and French actress Julie Gayet , including allegations that it has been going on for two years . In its online edition , the French magazine Closer , which first published reports of an affair a week ago , says the "  couple " also made use of a second apartment near the Elysee Palace for romantic trysts and went on weekend breaks in the south of France . The tabloid 's latest allegations come a day after it said that Gayet is suing the magazine over its earlier report . Her lawyers want 50,000 euros for invasion of privacy plus 4,000 euros in legal fees , according to the magazine .	NEW : Trierweiler tweets a "  thank you , " saying she 's "  very touched " by support for her French first lady Valerie Trierweiler was in the hospital for stress and fatigue She checked in after allegations of an affair between President Francois Hollande and actress A magazine alleged Hollande and actress Julie Gayet have been involved for two years
CNN  -- "  Like the smell of a brand-new car " were the words of International Space Station astronaut Don Pettit on Saturday after he carefully opened the hatch and entered the Dragon capsule for his first glimpse inside . Dragon connected with the station Friday , making history as the first private capsule to reach the orbiting spacecraft . Pettit opened the hatch at 5:53 a.m. ET with Russian cosmonaut and station commander Oleg Kononenko by his side . The two men , wearing T-shirts , khaki shorts , goggles and masks gave the thumbs up to the camera after they floated inside . The initial inspection went smoothly and ahead of schedule and the interior looked good , according to SpaceX , the private company that built and operates the Dragon . Pettit later told reporters in a briefing from space that the interior is roomier than the Russian Soyuz capsule that carried him to the space station . He said "  it looks like it carries about as much cargo as I could put in my pickup truck . " Ashes of ` Star Trek ' actor on private rocket Dragon delivered more than 1,000 pounds of cargo , including food , clothing , computer equipment and supplies for science experiments . After the crew unloads that cargo , they will reload the capsule with experiments and cargo for its return trip to Earth . Dragon is scheduled to splash into the Pacific Ocean several hundred miles west of California on May 31 , according to NASA . Pettit said the crew has packed most of what its plan to send back to Earth , which includes everything from trash to scientific research and experimental samples . SpaceX Dragon triumph : Only the beginning Dragon launched Tuesday from Cape Canaveral , Florida , aboard SpaceX 's Falcon 9 rocket . NASA collaborated with SpaceX on every part of the mission and gave final authorization for the flight . Dragon reached the station Friday and was "  captured " by the station 's robotic arm just before 10 a.m. ET . Over the next two hours , the crew maneuvered the arm to bring the capsule in to berth and attach it to the station . The mission , hailed by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden as a step toward a new future of private innovation in the space industry , comes as government funding of the space program decreases . It also marked the culmination of six years of preparation to bring commercial flights to the space station after the retirement of NASA 's space shuttle fleet last year , which leaves the United States with no means of independently sending humans into space . NASA relies on the Russian space agency to ferry U.S. astronauts to orbit . Without the shuttle , the United States also has limited capabilities to send supplies to the station and bring them back . Dragon fills a need in taking significant payload back and forth , Pettit said . In December 2008 , NASA announced it had chosen SpaceX 's Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon spacecraft to resupply the International Space Station after the shuttle 's retirement . The $ 1.6 billion contract involves a minimum of 12 flights , with an option to order more missions for additional cost , according to SpaceX . SpaceX was created by PayPal founder Elon Musk and is one of a few of private companies receiving NASA funds to develop the commercial transport of astronauts into space . Musk has said the commercial program -- with fixed-price , pay-for-performance contracts -- makes fiscal sense for taxpayers and fosters competition among companies on reliability , capability and cost . Astronaut Joe Acaba , also aboard the space station , called the mission a great first step in the commercialization of spaceflight , and Pettit agreed . "  Commercial spaceflight will blossom due to its own merits , and does n't really hinge on one mission , " Pettit said . "  It will hinge on the viability of launching many missions over a long period of time and being able to provide useful commercial goods and services in the low-earth orbit arena . " SpaceX is now developing a heavy-lift rocket with twice the cargo capability of the space shuttle and hopes to build a spacecraft that could carry a crew to Mars .	NEW : Astronaut says the interior is roomier than the Soyuz NEW : Don Pettit says commercial spaceflight will blossom on its own merits Dragon is the first private spacecraft to connect to the International Space Station It is carrying cargo including food and computer equipment
CNN  -- Rupert Murdoch has stepped down from a string of company boards of directors just one month after his embattled News Corporation announced plans to separate publishing interests from its lucrative television and film operations . The Australian-born media mogul made the move last week , according to a spokesman for News International , a British arm of News Corp. . While Murdoch is expected to remain chairman of both companies , he will be CEO of only the television and film side , further distancing himself from the print business that first brought him fame and fortune . It 's not clear who will be CEO of the publishing company , which would be less than one-third the size of its counterpart . The News International spokesman on Saturday played down Murdoch 's boards resignation , calling it "  nothing more than a corporate house-cleaning exercise prior to the company split . " Murdoch grilled on power , influence News Corp. , a Murdoch-controlled media conglomerate , is expected to be divided in the next 12 months . The split comes after some of its U.K.-based newspapers were thrust to the center of a recent phone-hacking scandal . His British operations have remained under intense scrutiny after revelations of widespread phone hacking , which included celebrities and public officials , by people working for his newspapers . Gordon Brown lashes out at Rupert Murdoch , son and tabloid The controversy prompted News Corp. to shut down its venerable British tabloid , News of the World , last year , and preceded a decision to withdraw a multi-billion-dollar bid to take over British Sky Broadcasting . The coming split would separate operations like 20th Century Fox film studio , Fox broadcast network and Fox News Channel from the firm 's newspapers holdings such as Britain 's The Sun , the London Times and the London Sunday Times . News Corp. 's American media holdings include The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and Barron 's . Its book publishing assets include such companies as HarperCollins . Rupert Murdoch put pressure on Tony Blair , ex-prime minister says CNN 's Richard Quest contributed to this report .	Rupert Murdoch steps down as director from a string of company boards A spokesman calls it "  nothing more than a corporate house-cleaning exercise " News Corp. is expected to be divided in coming months
CNN  -- Amid heightened tensions with North Korea , the United States and South Korea on Sunday began joint military exercises . The military exercises , dubbed Invincible Spirit , are scheduled to run through Wednesday in waters off South Korea to demonstrate the alliance 's resolve . In addition to the 8,000 personnel involved , military officials say , the exercises will include 20 ships and submarines and about 200 aircraft . The U.S. Defense Department said the drills are in response to the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan and are intended to send a strong message to Pyongyang to stop "  provocative and warlike acts . " The drills will include anti-sub infiltration exercises , said Cmdr. Jeff Davis of the U.S. 7th Fleet . "  The anti-sub-infiltration exercise works like this : if a sub is coming in to attack a ship , the military finds it and prosecutes it , " he said . Davis said there was a "  renewed desire " and urgency to focus on the exercise after the Cheonan sinking . North Korea criticized the exercises , which began at 6:30 a.m.  5:30 p.m. ET  . "  The U.S. provocations amount to trespassing on the off-limits fixed by the DPRK and it , therefore , feels no need to remain bounded to the off-limits drawn by the U.S. , " the state-run Korean Central News Agency quoted a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman as saying . It continued , "  It is the mode of the DPRK 's counteraction to react to sword brandishing in kind . The DPRK is prepared for both dialogue and war . It will remain unfazed by military threat and sanctions . " North Korea on Saturday heightened its threats against the military exercises after talks over the sinking of the Cheonan . North Korea "  will legitimately counter with -LSB- its -RSB- powerful nuclear deterrence the largest-ever nuclear war exercises to be staged by the U.S. and the South Korean puppet forces , " KCNA reported . Two U.S. military officials told CNN there was no sign of significant troop movement in North Korea . Democratic Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan , the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , answered "  no " when asked if there was a real threat of a North Korean military attack over the U.S.-South Korean exercises . "  I think North Korea is just too interested in their own survival to do anything that could end that regime , " Levin said in an interview broadcast Sunday on C-SPAN 's "  Newsmakers " program . Meanwhile , Friday , in the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas , officers from the North sat down for talks about the Cheonan incident with their counterparts in the U.S.-led United Nations Command . During the almost two-hour meeting in the international truce town of Panmunjom , the U.N. Command reminded the North Koreans of the Security Council 's condemnation this month of the Cheonan attack . The Security Council did not mention North Korea by name but condemned the attack strongly , called for "  full adherence " to the armistice agreement that halted fighting in the Korean War in 1953 and encouraged "  the settlement of outstanding issues on the Korean peninsula by peaceful means . " An international inquiry found North Korea culpable for the March attack that killed 46 South Korean sailors . But North Korea denies a role in the incident , which elevated tension between the two enemies . North Korea demanded again Friday that it be allowed to conduct its own investigation of the Cheonan 's sinking and said the upcoming war games are being conducted under false pretext . "  The U.S. forces side would be seriously mistaken if it calculates it can browbeat -LSB- North Korea -RSB- through large-scale war exercises , " KCNA said . "  It should immediately stop the -LSB- anti-North Korean -RSB- nuclear war racket . " At an Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  meeting last week , nation after nation expressed deep regrets and offered condolences to the South Koreans . The United States has accused North Korea of aggressive behavior and imposed new sanctions Wednesday . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reiterated U.S. support for South Korea on Friday . "  Here in Asia , an isolated and belligerent North Korea has embarked on a campaign of provocative , dangerous behavior , " she said in Hanoi , Vietnam . Later , after a repatriation ceremony for the remains of three soldiers who died in the Vietnam War , Clinton said the door remains open for dialogue if North Korea commits to abandoning its nuclear weapons program . "  We would love for them to have the same opportunities that the people of South Korea have been able to enjoy for the last 60 years , " Clinton said . "  So , it is distressing when North Korea continues its threats and causes so much anxiety among its neighbors and the larger region . " CNN 's Barbara Starr , Kyung Lah and Eve Bower contributed to this report .	Sen. Levin says North Korea wo n't go to war over military exercises South Korea , U.S. begin joint exercises The exercises are scheduled to run through Wednesday North Korea says it will demonstrate its might
Canberra , Australia  CNN  Before "  Bali Nine " duo , Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran , the last Australian executed for drug offenses abroad was Van Tuong Nguyen by Singapore in 2005 . Although Canberra then , as it is now , was strongly opposed to the death penalty , Van 's death did not harm Australia 's relationship with Singapore , nor the Australian people 's view of that country . The executions of Chan and Sukumaran early Wednesday morning will be a different story . Their deaths will result in short to medium term frictions between Canberra and Jakarta at the highest levels . However , this will soon ease as the two countries have a number of common interests that neither side can abandon . But the Australian public 's view of Indonesia , and anger with its government , will take much longer to subside . Those sympathetic to the dilemma faced by Indonesia 's President Joko Widodo will argue that he was politically bound to allow the executions to take place . He ran on a robust anti-drug campaign , arguing that 18,000 Indonesians die from illicit drugs each year , though those figures are widely disputed . As the saga over whether the executions would take place dragged on for months , following ever more desperate legal challenges from the defense teams , Widodo painted himself into a corner . The widespread Australian perception is that the President owed his power to PDI-P Chairperson and former President Megawati Sukarnoputri . Believed by many to be the most powerful person in the country , some suggest that Megawati insisted Widodo stand by his hard-line anti-drugs policy and stare down Australian pressure -- or lose her support and reputation as a firm leader in the process . As recently as last year , it seemed that Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott empathized with the underlying pressures and back-room obligations on leaders . While working assiduously behind the scenes to argue for clemency for the "  Bali Nine " duo , Abbott nevertheless appeared to accept the inevitability of the executions , even as he publicly reiterated Australia 's opposition to capital punishment . Such a softly -- softly approach was also aided by an Australian public that did not seem overly interested in the plight of Chan and Sukumaran . All that changed when credible stories began to emerge about the rehabilitation of the two Australian prisoners : Chan becoming a pastor and respected religious example for his fellow prisoners and Sukumaran a passionate painter with impressive talent . Such was the regard held for the Australian duo that even the governor of the Kerobokan jail where they were kept , Sudjonggo , urged a reconsideration of their impending executions . As the duo attracted greater public sympathy -- including from a joint statement by the last six prime ministers urging Jakarta to reconsider -- the good , great and popular in Australian society also united behind the plea for mercy . Under increasing pressure in the polls , the Abbott government began to publicly pursue what it had been doing in private : urging a stay of execution on legal and moral grounds -- even once reminding Jakarta of the over $ 1 billion worth of aid that Indonesia has received from Australia over the past decade . Australians have a dim view of how Indonesia has responded . While Jakarta and many Indonesian people viewed this as typical posturing and moral grandstanding from a developed Western neighbor , Australians began to once again see Indonesia in an unattractive light -- when it was so recently upheld as the shining example of a rising democracy in Southeast Asia . The hard-line stance of Widodo was seen as the heartless and self-interested actions of a weak and inexperienced president attempting to establish his authority -- at the expense of rehabilitated Australian lives . Credible accusations by the defense attorney for the two Australians that a lighter sentence was denied to them because of their incapacity to pay the bribe demanded of them from the sentencing judges affirmed perceptions of Indonesia 's judicial system as corrupt if not incompetent . Particularly galling for the Abbott government and Australians was Widodo 's refusal to even accept a phone call from Abbott to discuss the issue , and the wall of silence and non-engagement that confronted Australian ministers attempting to plead the case with Indonesian counterparts . Perhaps the final straw was Indonesia 's decision to deploy hundreds of commandos and four naval ships to transport the handcuffed prisoners from Bali to their island for execution -- viewed in Australia as a deliberate backhander by Jakarta to Canberra . The Abbott government had warned of unspecified consequences should the executions take place , and on Wednesday morning announced the unprecedented recall of Australia 's Ambassador to Indonesia . There are unlikely to be any ministerial visits between the two countries for many months , if not the rest of the year . While Australia is not likely to withdraw aid to Indonesia , Canberra will also ensure that it offers Jakarta no special favors in the immediate future . Given the degree of ongoing cooperation on important issues , such as terrorism , money laundering and drug trafficking , Australia and Indonesia will continue to work together behind the scenes at the operational levels . Australia will also need ongoing Indonesia cooperation to stem the flow of illegal boat arrivals to Australian shores and will not want to jeopardize what has already been achieved . For these reasons , the fallout between capitals will be contained . But while the Indonesian public appears divided as to whether their government acted wisely , the Australian public is united that Jakarta did not . This means that for them , and even as a democracy , the older images of Indonesia as a corrupt , immature and unpredictable neighbor will return . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	Despite pleas for mercy , Indonesia executed eight prisoners on Wednesday Included two of the "  Bali Nine , " convicted drug traffickers from Australia Executions will damage relations between countries , but public image will take longer to heal
Money was no object when the time came for Joan Lunden to find a senior care facility for her 88-year-old mother . For years , the former host of "  Good Morning America " had been a long-distance caregiver to her mother and brother in California , providing them with emotional and financial support from New York . After her brother 's death in 2006 from complications from type II diabetes , Lunden needed to find a new home for her mother , who was suffering from the onset of dementia . Trying to create the best possible quality of life for an aging relative is "  the new normal " for 43.5 million Americans caring for someone older than 50 , according to the Family Caregiver Alliance . It 's not just their parents : With about 10,000 baby boomers hitting age 65 each day , they 're becoming caregivers and also those needing care . With people living longer than ever , this is the first generation that might care for its parents as long as it cared for its children , experts said . "  Now that more baby boomers are aging , the issue of family caregiving is becoming much more commonplace . We call it the ` new normal , ' " said Lynn Feinberg , senior policy adviser for AARP . Building relationships amid memory loss Lunden flew from New York to Sacramento and drove around in search of a new home for her mom . She settled on an apartment in one of the fanciest senior communities in town , where her mother , Gladyce , would have the option of entertaining guests in her home or meeting other residents in a ballroom-style dining space . It did n't take long for Lunden to realize that she 'd chosen a place for the mother she knew 15 years ago , not the one who had been depending on her brother for the last decade . Her mother did n't want to spend time with other residents , nor was she capable of living on her own . "  On paper , it was spectacular , but it did n't serve her needs at all , " Lunden said . "  She was completely stressed out and her emotional situation was deteriorating because she did n't feel safe ... she could n't operate on her own on a daily basis . " It took several falls , a few broken bones and three more moves to find the right place . She now shares a ranch-style home with four others in a small residential care facility . There 's a health care aide on site at all times to help her get dressed or take care of daily needs . "  She needed more hands-on , day-to-day care , " Lunden said . "  I did n't understand that because I was n't living with her . " Caregiving responsibilities vary with each family . It could mean driving an aunt to physician appointments , managing medication for a spouse or keeping tabs on mom from afar using the latest technology . The average caregiver in 2009 was a 49-year-old woman who had a job outside the home and spent nearly 20 hours per week providing unpaid care to her mother , according to a 2011 AARP Public Policy Institute study . The report estimated the overall economic value of family caregiving at $ 450 billion , based on 42.1 million caregivers 18 or older providing an average of 18.4 hours of care per week . Many do n't see themselves as caregivers but simply spouses , children or siblings doing what 's expected . For that reason , they often fail to use resources that might help their relative or themselves , Lunden said . The first step is acknowledging the need and seeking help , ideally , before entering crisis mode , she and other experts said . "  This is the nation 's next big health crisis , " Lunden said . "  We have to get focused and tuned in because if we 're clueless , we 're going to get hit upside the head when it happens in the middle of a family emergency . " Caregiving is also much more complicated than it was in previous generations because of fragmentation within the health care system , with several doctors often required to treat one person , said AARP 's Feinberg . Cutbacks in long-term and community-based services have also put a strain on families to do more individually . "  There is a greater awareness about these issues and the joys and struggles of family caregivers , " Feinberg said . "  But we have a long way to go to develop policy solutions to make life better for families . " Lunden 's experience inspired her to share the trials , tribulations and rewards of family caregiving . She wrote a "  Chicken Soup for Soul " on caregiving and tours the country giving talks on the topic . It starts with a conversation , ideally , before a health crisis occurs , to get everyone on the same page , she said . "  Nobody wants to talk about their mortality or think about themselves getting old , " Lunden said . "  There 's the thought that you go straight to the nursing home to die and that 's not the case . " There are questions everyone should ask , she said . Does your loved one have advanced health care insurance ? How much does it cover and how long does it last ? What about an advanced health care directive or a will ? Where 's the mortgage , the title to the car , stocks and bonds ? Who in the family should have power of attorney , legal and medical , to keep track of end of life wishes and ensure they 're carried out ? AARP 's 35 questions for an aging parent Lunden did n't have the answers when she found herself urgently searching for a new residence for her mother . She realized later she spent time digging through piles of books and magazines looking for her mother 's license when she should have been talking to her about what she wanted in a new home . The situation took a turn for the better when she connected with a senior advocate . They talked about her mother 's medical condition , level of independence , behavioral tics , nutritional needs and hobbies . They also talked about location and financial resources to narrow the options . "  It 's a process and you need to become educated about what the options are -LSB- because -RSB- the first step is not likely to be the last step , " said Carol Kalmanoff , an adviser with the referral service , "  A Place for Mom , " which helps families find the best senior living options for their needs and budget . Options range from independent living communities to personal care homes to facilities for memory and dementia care , she said . The facility Lunden chose for her mother is an affiliate of "  A Place for Mom , " and Lunden is a spokeswoman for the company . Many people only make the call during a medical emergency , and often , they do n't know the extent of what they 're dealing with . "  We talk about need to be persistent because the whole thought of change and moving is very scary and stressful for family members , too , " she said . "  We try to help them approach it one step at a time and keep a sense of humor . It 's important to be able to do that . " And , with people living longer , healthier lives , retirement takes many forms , she said . "  What today 's seniors associate a nursing home with is what they saw parents growing up with , " she said . "  But in reality , it could mean so many things . " When moving is not necessary or financially feasible , a variety of home-based options exist , said Lisa Winstel with the National Family Caregivers Association . Simple home modifications , like grab guards in the bathroom , can make a big contribution toward independent living . Virtual monitoring systems can also be used to transmit information such as blood pressure to caregivers living in other states or health care providers . "  People are living active lives longer and engaging in society , " she said . "  Family caregivers can make that possible even from a distance . " The National Family Caregivers Association is one of several groups designed to help caregivers find resources for loved ones and themselves . It also provides tips on how to communicate effectively with health care professionals and doctors , the best starting point for determining if assisted living might be necessary , she said . Other resources , such as AARP and Local Area Agencies on Aging , part of the National Association of Area Agencies on Aging , also provide community-based services and advice , she said . Finding the right place not only improved her mother 's quality of life , but Lunden 's also . Symptoms associated with her mother 's dementia have abated and she seems happy , Lunden said . "  When it 's a parent or husband or wife , you just want to know they 're going to go to sleep at night and feel safe , " she said . "  I know that every moment of the day and night she 's safeguarded ... it 's the best gift a parent can give a caregiver . "	Experts : Boomers might spend as many years caring for parents as they did their children Caregivers need to talk to loved ones and develop plans before crisis hits , Joan Lunden says Referral services , senior advocates , Web-based resources can help families AARP : Average caregiver in 2009 spent 20 hours a week caring for mom
Ajdabiya , Libya  CNN  -- The retreat of Moammar Gadhafi 's forces from a key eastern city Saturday reinvigorated the opposition , which began taking the fight west toward the capital of Tripoli . By Saturday evening , advancing opposition fighters had reached the outskirts of the city of Brega , to the west of Ajdabiya , said opposition spokesman Col. Ahmed Omar Bani . "  The winds of change are starting to blow , " Bani told reporters in Benghazi . Gadhafi 's troops fell back after days of fierce fighting in Ajdabiya , Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim told reporters . He said the coalition 's airstrike attacks were direct and the Libyan military decided to withdraw . That air campaign continued Saturday , further limiting loyalist movements . French warplanes destroyed at least five Libyan combat planes and two helicopters over a 24-hour period , the Ministry of Defense said . Meanwhile , an especially loud explosion and the subsequent sound of a plane , most likely belonging to the allies , were heard late Saturday in Tripoli , but there was no anti-aircraft fire in response . After the fall of Ajdabiya , the fighting is sure to shift westward through cities and towns that are more loyal to Gadhafi . Jalal al-Gallal , another spokesman , said the opposition expects heavy resistance in towns like Sirte , Gadhafi 's birthplace , where he has strong support . Gadhafi 's forces resumed shelling Misrata , just two hours east of Tripoli , where some of the most intense fighting has taken place since protests erupted in Libya last month . A witness told CNN that Gadhafi troops randomly targeted buildings and people in Misrata . Another witness said he saw busloads of loyalist snipers being brought to the city . CNN could not independently verify those accounts . Officials have said Gadhafi is far from defeated and still retains the power to reinforce units . Opposition fighters chanted gratitude for the coalition 's support after they wrested control of Ajdabiya , considered a gateway to Libya 's vast oil fields and a stopping point en route to the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . They were confident that with protective air power they would be able to hold onto the city they had captured once before but lost to Gadhafi 's army . Ajdabiya is now "  100 percent " in opposition hands , said Shamsuldin Abed Mawlah , spokesman for Libya 's opposition interim council . He said many loyalists were retreating westward . Overnight , international fighter jets again bombed Libyan tanks that have been entrenched at the city 's northern and western gates for days , said al-Gallal . At the northern entrance , damaged tanks lay strewn across the rolling desert . The buildings around the city entrances were riddled with bullet holes . Rebel troops combed the city 's streets Saturday , hunting for any remaining Gadhafi loyalists as some displaced residents trickled back to their homes . The Ajdabiya victory is viewed as significant for the opposition . It also served as evidence of the impact of coalition airstrikes as NATO prepares to take command of the Libya mission this weekend . Coalition airstrikes targeted Gadhafi 's military on the outskirts of Misrata but tanks resumed shelling Saturday , a doctor at the main hospital told CNN . Opposition fighters , armed only with light weapons , were trying to repel the attack and casualties were mounting , he said . At least 20 people were wounded in Misrata , victims of snipers taking aim in the heart of the city , said the doctor , who was not identified for safety reasons . Friday , seven people were killed and another 70 were wounded . Al-Gallal said the next big battle will be for control of Misrata . "  He  Gadhafi  is scared about Misrata , " al-Gallal said . "  It 's too close to Tripoli . He 's going to do everything he can to hold on to it . " Opposition leaders uploaded a video that showed a rooftop view of Misrata . Gunfire could be heard and puffs of smoke rose from at least one rooftop , possibly indicating a sniper . CNN could not verify the contents of the video . Coalition planes flew 164 sorties Friday in Operation Odyssey Dawn and coalition leaders reported damage to Gadhafi 's ground forces . "  Coalition forces have targeted anti-air capabilities , tanks , armored vehicles , as well as other regime forces threatening the civilians throughout the country , " said Capt. Clint Gebke , a coalition spokesman . U.S. President Barack Obama defended America 's leadership in the international coalition in his weekly radio address Saturday . "  Make no mistake , " Obama said , "  because we acted quickly , a humanitarian catastrophe has been avoided and the lives of countless civilians -- innocent men , women and children -- have been saved . " "  The United States should not -- and can not -- intervene every time there 's a crisis somewhere in the world , " Obama said . "  But I firmly believe that when innocent people are being brutalized ; when someone like Gadhafi threatens a bloodbath that could destabilize an entire region ; and when the international community is prepared to come together to save many thousands of lives -- then it 's in our national interest to act . And it 's our responsibility . This is one of those times . " Obama is scheduled to deliver a televised address on Libya Monday evening . Libyan government spokesman Ibrahim Mussa slammed the coalition attacks . "  This is immoral , illegal and it was not authorized by the  United Nations  Security Council , " he told reporters in Tripoli . Libyan state television reported Saturday that "  airstrikes from the enemy " had hit military positions in Tarhunah , about 40 miles  66 kilometers  from the country 's capital . Pentagon spokesman Capt. Darryn James told CNN Saturday that airstrikes had struck military targets along the Libyan coast , including those in the capital . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson and Reza Sayah contributed to this report	French say they destroyed Libyan aircraft in Misrata Explosion in Tripoli ; plane heard "  Winds of change are starting to blow , " opposition says Rebel forces took control of Ajdabiya overnight
Washington  CNN  -- Rusty the runaway red panda is home and "  doing great , " according to Washington 's National Zoo , but the question remains -- how did he escape ? Rusty , who is not even a year old , still has everyone stumped . The zoo exhibit has housed red pandas for several years without any problems , and Rusty 's companion , 5-year-old Shama , remained in the zoo habitat when Rusty disappeared . The habitat is designed , as a zoo official explained , to keep the red pandas in and humans out . So how did Rusty find himself more than half a mile from the zoo in a residential area this past Monday ? Experts have evaluated the habitat and still have yet to determine a plausible route for Rusty 's escape . Pamela Baker-Masson , director of communications at National Zoo , said that zoo officials have "  started the assessment of the enclosure , and it is likely we will have some short-term immediate actions and some long-terms actions . " The problem is , they are n't sure yet what those actions should be . Since red pandas are naturally arboreal animals , and spend much of their time in trees , the first step has been to assess the trees near the exhibit . Since Monday , many of the trees around the red panda habitat have been trimmed but zoo staff still have n't located any branches that appear long enough for Rusty to have climbed out of his exhibit . Since being captured and returned to the zoo , Rusty has been in the veterinary hospital undergoing health evaluations . Zoo veterinarians plan to keep him there through the end of the week but say he is eating and drinking normally and will be ready to return to his exhibit soon . And he 'll stay there -- as long as they can find a way to keep this escape artist from making another run for it .	Rusty the red panda got out of National Zoo 's panda exhibit this week And now , zoo officials ca n't figure out how he did it Rusty , meanwhile , is back home at the zoo 's vet hospital where he appears to be fine
Washington  CNN  -- Justice Antonin Scalia is a conservative in thought , but not in personality . A new biography of the colorful Supreme Court jurist paints a complete picture of his enormous ongoing influence on the law and society . "  American Original : The Life and Constitution of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia "  Farrar , Straus , Giroux  offers the first comprehensive look at the first Italian-American on the high court , and the rhetorical battles he has waged on the court and off . CNN spoke with Joan Biskupic , the book 's author , who also is a reporter for USA Today . Biskupic has covered the high court for two decades , holds a law degree from Georgetown University and has also written a biography of Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor . CNN : Justice Scalia has a certain public image in the minds of many Americans . You 've known him for years and interviewed him several times for this book . Is he the same in private ? Biskupic : He 's a lot more of himself in private . He actually is very confrontational behind the scenes , just as he is in public . He 's very defiant . But he also can be quite funny , quite casual , generous and decent . His best friend on the bench is Justice -LSB- Ruth Bader -RSB- Ginsburg -LSB- a low-key , liberal justice but , like Scalia , a native New Yorker who loves opera -RSB- . He 's many things . He 's very consistent on the law , but he 's a lot of things in terms of his personality . CNN : He has told me that one of the happiest times in his career was in the executive branch , where he said that 's where the action was , instead of serving on the bench . Biskupic : Remember what it was like working in the -LSB- Department of Justice 's -RSB- Office of Legal Counsel in the post-Watergate era -LSB- in the Nixon and Ford administrations -RSB- . It was an exciting job for him , there was a lot of tension , and conflicts with the legislative branch . He really thrived on that . At a time when many Republican lawyers were trying to get out of the Nixon administration , as Watergate was moving to a climax , he was trying to move up and be promoted . He sparred with Democratic lawmakers , and was trying to exert executive privilege claims , when that was a dirty word in the wake of Watergate . CNN : Growing up , you describe "  Nino " -- as his friends and family call him -- as something of a golden child . Biskupic : I 'd always known he was an only child , who , interestingly , later went on to have nine children , but I did n't know he was the only offspring of his generation from two immigrant Italian families . For his parents and his aunts and uncles , he was the center of their universe , but it put a burden on him to perform , to be this special child . I found the conflicts in terms of being a product of two different families continue to reveal himself . The father was quite cerebral , was a professor , always had his nose in a book , he did n't abide any kind of silliness . And his mother 's side was much more flamboyant . You had these contrasting families , and , as I write in the book , he learned to deal with conflict and tension early on in his life , and went on to readily generate it as an adult . CNN : Many conservatives worship Scalia , and yet you suggest his influence has not had as far-reaching an effect inside the high court as many believe it to be . How do his colleagues view him ? Biskupic : I talked to his colleagues about where he 's at . Justice -LSB- John Paul -RSB- Stevens says he is committed -- some of his impact made a huge difference , some of it unfortunate . Stevens , the senior liberal , has dueled with Justice Scalia dozens of times , from Bush v. Gore -LSB- the 2000 presidential election dispute -RSB- to recent dilemmas testing the Guantanamo detainees . Justice Ginsburg , his closest friend on the court , sees his influence beyond the marble walls , and that 's the way I 've been mostly viewing him until the recent terms . He is influential with conservative acolytes . Within the court , he certainly alienated -LSB- now-retired Justice Sandra Day -RSB- O'Connor , Justice -LSB- Harry -RSB- Blackmun , and in some ways Justice -LSB- Anthony -RSB- Kennedy . It made his influence rather slight for years -- he really did n't want to deal , to negotiate with his colleagues in rulings . Despite a charming personality in many ways , he told me he had nothing to trade . He was just plain firm about where he wanted to go , and he would n't settle for half a loaf . The addition of Chief Justice -LSB- John -RSB- Roberts and Justice -LSB- Samuel -RSB- Alito on the bench allowed him to win more . And in recent terms , there has a been a culmination , a resurgence , on what he is able to do , now with the -LSB- conservative -RSB- bodies coming on the court to support him . But he told me he was still not satisfied . "  The wins , " he told me , "  Damn few . " CNN : In his bright , bold opinions , what is he trying to accomplish ? Does he reach for broader audience ? Biskupic : Look at 1996 's Romer v. Evans -- the gay rights case . He lost on that one , and his dissent was written for consumption way beyond the court . It was a complete battle cry . He lashes out at the court for placing what he said was "  the prestige of this institution behind the proposition that opposition to homosexuality is as reprehensible as racial or religious bias . " This dissent became more of a story than the opinion itself . People were reading it and giving it airspace , and that 's what he wanted . That was his style of most of the '90s : Get as much attention as possible , because he was in dissent so much in big cases . Now , in the recent Heller case case -LSB- where Scalia wrote the main opinion striking down Washington , D.C. 's , strict handgun ban -RSB- , he was not going able to write an opinion as boldly as he may have wanted , in terms of some of the zingers that he packs into his other opinions , because he has to keep his majority . But he still will not mince words if he is in dissent , because he knows journalists , law students , policy makers will all pay attention , and it will influence people down the road . CNN : And yet controversy seems to dog him , including the duck hunting trip he took with Vice President -LSB- Dick -RSB- Cheney at a time the high court was considering an appeal from Cheney 's office ; and a hand gesture Scalia made outside a Catholic church some interpreted as obscene . Biskupic : I do n't think he cares . He 's got these intense feelings he 's not going to keep in check . CNN : What prompted this project , and what do you want readers to know about Justice Scalia ? Biskupic : I found most of what was written about him was either one side or the other -- screeds easily from the left and embraces easily from the right . And I thought there was so much to his background that was worth revealing in an objective way , to see what he was all about : How Scalia became Scalia . He was really part of the conservative moment we saw in the 1980s . Young lawyers at the time like John Roberts and Samuel Alito embraced his theories , and look where they ended up . CNN : In your interviews with him and his family , did you expect that level of cooperation ? Biskupic : No , I did n't . In the beginning , he said he would encourage colleagues to talk to me , but he did n't want to sit and talk on the record . But he soon became quite intrigued at my research into his family , immigration records and such . And I 'd be at my desk , and he 'd be calling me , asking me what I found out about his ancestors . So those later , extensive interviews made this book . CNN : There is a challenge about writing on the often cloistered world of the Supreme Court , these personalities that remain below the radar for most people . Biskupic : I wanted a book that would demystify him , and make people understand him . I wanted readers to know : This is your court , you should know about these people and what they 're up to . But it is tough , it 's so hard to get information about the institution that does n't have to do with the precise words on the rulings . And it 's fun to dig up this background , and get in with these justices and talk with them one-on-one . I was so grateful to speak with Justices Stevens , Ginsburg and even Justice -LSB- Clarence -RSB- Thomas , who all shared great stories and offered their insights into Justice Scalia .	Biography looks at conservative , confrontational jurist 's influence on law , society Author describes Scalia as a product of contrasting families who has thrived on conflict She says Scalia 's best friend on court is Ruth Bader Ginsburg , a low-key , liberal justice Author says she wanted a book that would demystify Scalia , make people understand him
CNN  -- The political turmoil dividing Egypt threatens the nation 's future , the defense minister said , as the instability persists in the Arab world 's most populous country . "  The ongoing conflict among the various political forces ... may lead to the collapse of the state and threaten the future of our coming generations , " Defense Minister Gen. Abdul Fattah al-Sisi said Tuesday . Anti-government protesters ignored President Mohamed Morsy 's curfew order in cities along the Suez Canal and clashed with police and troops , state-run media reported Tuesday . In Port Said , about 4,000 people joined the protest , which began at Mariam mosque and continued for hours , winding its way through the streets . They chanted anti-government slogans , at times laced with profanities . The authorities did n't appear to be detaining any of the demonstrators . On Tuesday night , the Muslim Brotherhood announced on its Facebook and Twitter pages that the president has delegated authority to either limit or cancel the curfew to governors of Port Said , Ismailia and Suez . CNN iReport : Inhaling tear gas , breaking the curfew The protests are the latest in the seesaw struggle between Egypt 's first democratically elected president and dissidents who say his tenure is a throwback to past dictatorships , particularly the reign of President Hosni Mubarak , toppled in a popular revolt two years ago . The most recent furor stems from Morsy 's declaration of a limited state of emergency for violent hot spots . On Sunday , he announced a 30-day nighttime curfew for the provinces of Port Said , Suez and Ismailia . Those areas have seen a spate of bloodshed in recent days , starting with the second anniversary of the Egyptian revolution on Friday . Dissidents angry about the slow pace of change fought with Morsy supporters and police . At least seven people were killed in those clashes . The tumult intensified a day later , when a judge issued death sentences for 21 Port Said residents for their roles in a deadly football riot last year . Port Said , which has had a difficult relationship with Cairo over the past six decades , erupted in chaos . At least 38 people were killed in the two days following the verdicts . Egypt 's defense minister has denied reports that the army used live ammunition on protesters , state-run media reported . Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim told police forces Sunday that he understands the challenges and demands they 've faced , saying "  together with your brothers at the armed forces , you constitute the country 's shield and fort in face of all dangers . " "  You 've faced unprecedented and systematic patterns of violence , " he said . "  Your security during these confrontations is my goal . " Ibrahim huddled with Prime Minister Hisham Qandil on Monday over state of emergency arrangements , including maintaining peaceful expression , but also dealing firmly with saboteurs targeting police . The Transport Ministry said that despite the tumult in the Suez Canal region , the unrest has not affected shipping operations to or from the eastern and western ports of Port Said or the traffic at the El Arish port . What 's behind the latest wave of violence in Egypt ? Black Bloc labeled terrorist group Egyptian Prosecutor General Talaat Abdullah has listed one anti-government group , the Black Bloc , as a terrorist entity . Authorities say its members are often seen wearing black ski masks , waving their trademark black flag while taking part in some of the most violent attacks against police and security forces . The designation raises the specter of the government taking a more aggressive stance against anti-government protesters . The group says its mission is to fight government corruption and oppression . The government has often used the Black Bloc 's aggressive tactics to depict anti-government protesters as part of an insurgency that wants to topple Egypt 's leadership . Morsy calls for talks In a speech Sunday night , Morsy decried the behavior of "  criminals , " saying recent violence "  does not have anything to do with the Egyptian revolution . ... In fact , it is against the revolution . " But he acknowledged the legitimate dissent in Egypt , saying "  dialogue is the only way to bring about stability and security . " To this end , he invited representatives from 11 political parties to a meeting . But a key opposition leader issued conditions before accepting Morsy 's call for talks . "  Without accepting his responsibility as a president for the latest bloody events , promising to form a government of national salvation and commissioning a balanced committee to amend the constitution , any dialogue will be a waste of time , " said Mohamed ElBaradei , head of the Constitution Party and a member of the opposition National Salvation Front . Protests could drag on The National Salvation Front held the president responsible "  for the excessive violence used by security forces against protesters " and called for peaceful demonstrations , according to a statement posted on the state-run Al-Ahram news website . The group made several demands before it would urge people to stop protesting , including the formation of a new government and making changes to what it called the "  distorted constitution " that voters passed in a referendum last month . Morsy 's supporters warned the opposition against such demands . "  We would like for the political forces , especially the National Salvation Front , to realize how important this defining moment is and to put the interest of the nation above all , " said Gamal Tag , senior leader of the Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood . "  They need to know that President Morsy 's call for dialogue is not out of weakness , but it is out of his responsibility as president . ... Some forces are still putting conditions and obstacles before this national dialogue in order to make it fail . These people do not put forward the national interest . They are looking for personal gains . " U.N. human rights official weighs in The scores of deaths prompted Navi Pillay , the U.N. high commissioner for human rights , to denounce the violence and call for dialogue among all parties . "  While at least two policemen are among those killed , preliminary unconfirmed reports suggest that most of the casualties have been caused by live fire and excessive use of tear gas by the authorities , " a statement from Pillay 's office said . In addition , as many as 25 female protesters reportedly have been sexually assaulted in Cairo 's Tahrir Square over the past few days , "  in some cases with extraordinary violence , " the statement said . She said the state of emergency should be governed by the rule of law , in line with international standards . She urged Morsy to listen to the demands of demonstrators and take action to deal with problems in the judicial system . She said that all "  stakeholders " should be involved in reviewing legislation on demonstrations , associations and access to public information . "  I urge the government to take urgent measures to ensure that law enforcement personnel never again use disproportionate or excessive force against protesters , firstly because it is illegal to do so , and secondly because it is likely to make the situation even more explosive , " Pillay said . CNN 's Reza Sayed in Port Said and Amir Ahmed , Salma Abdelaziz and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : President says on social media that curfews are in hands of local governments In Port Said , about 4,000 people join protest , chanting anti-government slogans U.N. office : Early reports suggest most casualties were caused by authorities The defense minister denies claims that the army used live ammunition on protesters
CNN  -- Here 's what we do know about next week : Bill and Hillary Clinton will kick off the annual meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative in New York on September 21 . Here 's what we do n't know : will they be grandparents yet ? Why are we asking right now ? America first learned that Chelsea was pregnant while she shared the stage with her mother during a women 's event in New York back in April . The former first family has not disclosed the due date . But if you assume she waited the standard three months to share her news ... three plus April , May , June , July , August ... that makes September the ninth month . Plus , when she was speaking at another women 's event in Washington on Friday , Hillary Clinton tried to excite Democrats about voting in November with this pitch : "  Now I 've been thinking a lot about family because you know I 'm on ` grandbaby watch ' and I think a lot about this new member of our family and what he or she can look forward to , " she said . "  And I am well aware that we will do everything possible to prepare this child , to protect this child . But I want that for everybody 's child and everybody 's grandchild . I want every one of our children to feel that they are inheriting the best of America , that they have the chance to do what I believed was possible for me and what my husband believed was possible for him and what we instilled in our daughter that really this country is on your side . "  This country will give you the fighting chance , the fair show you deserves to have . This country will give you the level playing field . So whether you 're the grandchild of a president , or the grandchild of a janitor , whether you 're born in a city or in a small rural village -- No matter who you are , you have the right to inherit the American dream . " On September 8 , Bill Clinton was on stage and interrupted an appearance he was making with former President George W. Bush to answer a phone that was in his pocket . His eyes got big when he looked at the caller ID and he said , "  Only two people in the world have this number and they 're both related to me . I hope I 'm not being told I 'm about to be made a premature grandfather . " But that was n't the call . He and W. Bush went on to discuss grandfatherhood . It was cute . "  Get ready also to be , like , the lowest person in the pecking order in your family , " Bush told Clinton . Chelsea Clinton also recently alluded to the advanced stage of her pregnancy during an interview with the online magazine Refinery29 -- she was plugging a new line of clothes meant to raise awareness about endangered elephants -- where she talked about her own current clothing choices . "  You 're asking someone who is very pregnant . In the here and now , -LSB- I wear -RSB- anything that fits over my belly . Increasingly , that 's my husband 's T-shirts or button-down shirts , " she said . "  So , the honest answer in the here and now is a different answer than it would be had you asked me a few months ago , or ask me again in nine months . But , for right now , it 's really my husband 's shirts , because they 're the only things that fit me . " So we know Chelsea is squarely in the hot zone . But we do n't know much else . Including : Is it a boy or a girl ? We do n't know . Where will the Clinton baby be delivered ? We do n't know . But here are some potential clues : When Hillary Clinton was treated for a blood clot in 2013 , she went to New York Presbyterian on the Upper West Side of Manhattan . When former president Bill Clinton underwent heart surgery ten years ago , he went to New York Presbyterian Hospital , too . How will the nursery be decorated ? We do n't know , but in that recent interview on the fashion blog , Chelsea Clinton suggested there could be an elephant theme . What will the baby be named ? We do n't know . But here are some suggestions : First , if it 's a boy , maybe consider pulling a name from one of the 44 presidents . William could be an obvious choice . It was in the top five of new baby names , according to the Social Security Administration 's annual survey . But what about Theodore or Franklin ? Those are strong names for Democrats . Probably not Barack , after that 2008 primary . If it 's a girl , the name Mila is off the table , since that 's what Jenna Bush named her daughter back in 2013 . There are n't any former presidents after which to name her . At least not yet . Ahem , Grandma .	Chelsea Clinton first announced she was pregnant in April , due date could be this month Boy or a girl ? We 'll have to wait and see Where will the Clinton baby be delivered ? The Clintons have been fans of New York Presbyterian Hospital
The Andy Warhol classic painting "  Double Elvis  Ferus Type  " sold Wednesday at Sotheby 's in New York for more than $ 37 million , the auction house said . With commission , the sale price of $ 33 million totaled $ 37,042,500 , short of the $ 50 million that Sotheby 's had predicted it might fetch . The piece  silkscreen ink and spray paint on canvas  shows Elvis Presley in a gunslinger pose . First exhibited in 1963 at the Ferus Gallery in Los Angeles , the work "  epitomizes the artist 's obsessions with fame , stardom , and the public image , " Sotheby 's said in a release . "  Warhol 's signature style , coupled with the instantly recognizable faces of his subjects , creates a blurred boundary between artist and sitter . " Warhol made 22 versions of the "  Double Elvis , " nine of which are held in museums . The painting brings together two iconic figures in American culture , said Catharina Manchanda , curator of modern and contemporary art at the Seattle Art Museum , which has a "  Double Elvis " on display . "  It 's Warhol at his very best . He gives you the celebrity playing a role within cinematic culture and asking us as viewer to confront that head-on , " Manchanda said . "  It 's Elvis with the gun drawn . It 's a confrontational moment . " The work is among the most famous of Warhol 's paintings of celebrities , which included Elizabeth Taylor , Jacqueline Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe . Also Roy Lichtenstein 's "  Sleeping Girl " was sold Wednesday for $ 44.9 million . That was an auction record for a Lichtenstein piece , Sotheby 's said . Observers say the market for contemporary and modern art has been set ablaze in recent months . A version of Edvard Munch 's "  The Scream " brought an auction record of $ 119 million at Sotheby 's on May 2 , and a Mark Rothko painting "  Orange , Red , Yellow " sold Tuesday at Christie 's for nearly $ 87 million . Art dealers say the stratospheric rise in art prices is being propelled by wealthy investors from abroad . Wednesday night 's winning bid for the Warhol painting came in over the phone ; the buyer 's name was not divulged . Still , the buy set no records . The top price for a Warhol painting is $ 71,720,000 . As for Warhol , who famously said , "  Making money is art and working is art , and good business is the best art , " the prices his works are commanding would have been thrilling , Manchanda said . "  He would be amazed and excited to see what 's happening , " she added . Alas , Warhol died in 1987 after undergoing routine gallbladder surgery at what was then known as New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center , three blocks south of Sotheby 's on New York 's Upper East Side . He was 58 .	New : Lichtenstein 's "  Sleeping Girl " sells for $ 44.9 million "  Double Elvis " considered among the most famous of Warhol 's paintings of celebrities Price is short of the $ 50 million that Sotheby 's had predicted it might fetch Warhol , who died in 1987 , made 22 versions of "  Double Elvis " paintings
