CNN  -- Nearly six months after an explosion aboard an oil rig sent crude spewing from a BP-owned well deep below the Gulf of Mexico , cleanup work along the Gulf Coast is far from over . Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft , federal on-scene coordinator for the Deepwater Horizon spill , said Wednesday that operations in some areas wo n't stop once winter hits . "  I envision there will be some areas where cleanup will go on through winter , although there will be others that will close down within a matter of weeks , " Zukunft said . Shoreline cleanup assessment teams still have yet to analyze 557 miles of oil-affected beaches and declare them clean . In the meantime , Zukunft said , oil spill response teams will be in place to clean up any residual oil as necessary . "  What we have during this spill , this was 87 consecutive days of a major spill , reoccurring , day in and day out . During that phase , we were in a crisis . Now -LSB- crews are -RSB- along the traditional lines , dealing with last release of oil and whether that impacted , time-consuming , labor-intensive process , " he said . Seafood testing continues to be a priority , according to Zukunft . Christine Patrick , a spokeswoman for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Fisheries Service , said out of more than 2,700 seafood samples that went through rigorous sensory and chemical testing , none have come up positive for the presence of oil or dispersants . "  No samples have been taken from opened fishing areas that have n't passed those tests , " Patrick said . As for the search for existing oil still within the Gulf of Mexico , NOAA scientist Sam Walker said Wednesday there is an "  aggressive program " of work being conducted both offshore , near-shore and within the water to locate hydrocarbons . Walker said more than 31,000 samples have been tested and are in the process of being analyzed for evidence of dispersants or oil contamination , and that the results should be released in the next few weeks . Although it 's been nearly three months since oil has last been released into the Gulf , Zukunft said the effects of the disaster remain substantial . "  If you look at what a traditional oil spill has been , you know this is anything but that , " he said . "  What 's different about this is now we have oil that 's in a very deep water column . " Zukunft said even though the highest concentrations of oil detected in the water column is in the parts per billion , the Gulf of Mexico seafood industry is suffering from an unfair stigma attached to its product . "  As I 've said , and will continue to say time and again , it is the most sampled seafood anywhere on the face of the Earth , " the rear admiral said . "  The science , and I 've seen it on a first-hand basis , is thorough , it 's comprehensive , and so those are some of the hardships that the Gulf of Mexico residents are trying to recover from right now , especially those who make their livelihood harvesting seafood , and then dealing with the image of that . "	Federal officials say work will continue through the winter in some Gulf areas Officials stress that seafood testing has not turned up any problems in fish Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft says effects of the disaster remain substantial
PUEBLO , Colorado  CNN  -- Orphan Train rider Stanley Cornell 's oldest memory is of his mother 's death in 1925 . Stanley Cornell , right , and his younger brother , Victor , were adopted from an "  Orphan Train . " "  My first feeling was standing by my mom 's bedside when she was dying . She died of tuberculosis , " recalls Cornell . "  I remember her crying , holding my hand , saying to ` be good to Daddy . ' " "  That was the last I saw of her . I was probably four , " Cornell says of his mother , Lottie Cornell , who passed away in Elmira , New York . His father , Floyd Cornell , was still suffering the effects of nerve gas and shell shock after serving as a soldier in combat during WWI . That made it difficult for him to keep steady work or care for his two boys . "  Daddy Floyd , " as Stanley Cornell calls his birth father , eventually contacted the Children 's Aid Society . The society workers showed up in a big car with candy and whisked away Stanley and his brother , Victor , who was 16 months younger . See the Cornell family album " Stanley Cornell remembers his father was crying and hanging on to a post . The little boy had a feeling he would not see his father again . The two youngsters were taken to an orphanage , the Children 's Aid Society of New York , founded by social reformer Charles Loring Brace "  It was kind of rough in the orphans ' home , " Cornell remembers , adding that the older children preyed on the younger kids -- even though officials tried to keep them separated by chicken wire fences . He says he remembers being beaten with whips like those used on horses . New York City in 1926 was teeming with tens of thousands of homeless and orphaned children . These so-called "  street urchins " resorted to begging , stealing or forming gangs to commit violence to survive . Some children worked in factories and slept in doorways or flophouses . The Orphan Train movement took Stanley Cornell and his brother out of the city during the last part of a mass relocation movement for children called "  placing out . "  Watch Cornell share ups and downs of his family story Brace 's agency took destitute children , in small groups , by train to small towns and farms across the country , with many traveling to the West and Midwest . From 1854 to 1929 , more than 200,000 children were placed with families across 47 states . It was the beginning of documented foster care in America . "  It 's an exodus , I guess . They called it Orphan Train riders that rode the trains looking for mom and dad like my brother and I. " "  We 'd pull into a train station , stand outside the coaches dressed in our best clothes . People would inspect us like cattle farmers . And if they did n't choose you , you 'd get back on the train and do it all over again at the next stop . " Cornell and his brother were "  placed out " twice with their aunts in Pennsylvania and Coffeyville , Kansas . But their placements did n't last and they were returned to the Children 's Aid Society . "  Then they made up another train . Sent us out West . A hundred-fifty kids on a train to Wellington , Texas , " Cornell recalls . "  That 's where Dad happened to be in town that day . " Each time an Orphan Train was sent out , adoption ads were placed in local papers before the arrival of the children . J.L. Deger , a 45-year-old farmer , knew he wanted a boy even though he already had two daughters ages 10 and 13 . "  He 'd just bought a Model T . Mr. Deger looked those boys over . We were the last boys holding hands in a blizzard , December 10 , 1926 , " Cornell remembers . He says that day he and his brother stood in a hotel lobby . "  He asked us if we wanted to move out to farm with chickens , pigs and a room all to your own . He only wanted to take one of us , decided to take both of us . " Life on the farm was hard work . "  I did have to work and I expected it , because they fed me , clothed me , loved me . We had a good home . I 'm very grateful . Always have been , always will be . " Taking care of a family was n't always easy . "  In 1931 , the Dust Bowl days started . The wind never quit . Sixty , 70 miles an hour , all that dust . It was a mess . Sometimes , Dad would n't raise a crop in two years . " A good crop came in 1940 . With his profit in hand , "  first thing Dad did was he took that money and said , ` we 're going to repay the banker for trusting us , ' " Cornell says . When World War II began , Cornell joined the U.S. Army Signal Corps . He shipped out to Africa and landed near Casablanca , Morocco , where he laid telephone and teletype lines . Later he served in Egypt and northern Sicily . While in Italy , he witnessed Mount Vesuvius erupting . It was on a telephone line-laying mission between Naples and Rome that Cornell suffered his first of three wounds . "  Our jeep was hit by a bomb . I thought I was in the middle of the ocean . It was the middle of January and I was in a sea of mud . " With their jeep destroyed and Cornell bleeding from a head wound , his driver asked a French soldier to use his vehicle to transport them . The Frenchman refused to drive Cornell the five miles to the medical unit . "  So , the driver pulled out his pistol , put the gun to the French soldier 's head and yelled , ` tout suite ! ' or ` move it ! ' " Cornell recalls . Once he was treated , Cornell remembers the doctor saying , "  You 've got 30 stitches in your scalp . An eighth of an inch deeper and you 'd be dead . " Cornell always refused to accept his commendations for a Purple Heart even though he 'd been wounded three times , twice severely enough to be hospitalized for weeks . He felt the medals were handed out too often to troops who suffered the equivalent of a scratch . His younger brother served during the war in the Air Force at a base in Nebraska , where he ran a film projector at the officers ' club . As WWII was drawing to a close , Stanley Cornell headed up the teletype section at Allied headquarters in Reims , France . "  I saw -LSB- Gen. Dwight -RSB- Eisenhower every day , " he recalls . On May 7 , 1945 , the Nazis surrendered . "  I sent the first teletype message from Eisenhower saying the war was over with Germany , " Cornell says . In 1946 , the 25-year-old Stanley Cornell met with his 53-year-old birth father , Daddy Floyd . It was the last time they would see each other . Cornell eventually got married and he and his wife , Earleen , adopted two boys , Dana and Dennis , when each was just four weeks old . "  I knew what it was like to grow up without parents , " Cornell says . "  We were married seven years and could n't have kids , so I asked my wife , ` how about adoption ? ' She 'd heard my story before and said , ` OK . ' " After they adopted their two boys , Earleen gave birth to a girl , Denyse . Dana Cornell understands what his father and uncle went through . "  I do n't think -LSB- Uncle -RSB- Vic and Stan could have been better parents . I can relate , you know , because Dad adopted Dennis and me . He has taught me an awful lot over the years , " Dana Cornell says . Dana Cornell says his adoptive parents have always said that if the boys wanted to find their birth parents , they would help . But he decided not to because of how he feels about the couple who adopted him . "  They are my parents and that 's the way it 's gon na be . " Stanley and Earleen Cornell have been married 61 years . She is a minister at a church in Pueblo , Colorado , and is the cook at her son 's restaurant , Dana 's Lil ' Kitchen . Stanley Cornell believes he is one of only 15 surviving Orphan Train children . His brother , Victor Cornell , a retired movie theater chain owner , is also alive and living in Moscow , Idaho .	Stanley Cornell is one of a few "  Orphan Train " riders who are still living Children without parents in eastern U.S. were transported west for adoption Cornell and brother adopted by Texas farm family ; he later adopted 2 boys himself The Orphan Trains aimed to provide better lives for homeless kids
Mental Floss  -- If you 've ever collected baseball cards , comic books , stamps , or maybe those limited edition commemorative plates , you understand the concept of the "  Holy Grail " item . It 's that last , hard-to-find , incredibly rare , usually expensive piece that you have to have before you can officially say your collection is complete . If you 're a collector of vintage home video game cartridges  or "  carts "  , sometimes that can mean paying a pretty penny for the pièce de résistance . 1 . Stadium Events  Nintendo Entertainment System  Price Range : $ 13,000 -- $ 41,300 ; $ 10,000 for the box alone Why So Expensive ? : Stadium Events was released by Bandai in 1987 as one of the few games available in America that was made for the company 's Family Fun Fitness mat , a soft , plastic controller you walked , ran , and jumped on to make the characters move . Nintendo bought the rights to the game and the Fitness mat in 1988 and re-released them as World Class Track Meet and the Power Pad controller . To avoid consumer confusion , Nintendo pulled all copies of Stadium Events from shelves and had them destroyed , but not before approximately 200 carts had already been sold . Of those 200 , collectors believe that only 10 to 20 complete copies of the game exist today , making them a real rarity . Stadium Events recently made headlines with two high-profile eBay sales . A North Carolina woman was cleaning out her garage and found an old Nintendo and a handful of games , including Stadium Events . She put them up on eBay without high expectations and was amazed to see the bids steadily climb up to $ 13,105 . While the game itself is valuable , the winning bidder was most interested in the cardboard box it came in . Since most kids threw the box away after tearing open a new game , intact boxes for any game are really hard to come by , but especially so for Stadium Events . Empty Stadium Event boxes have been known to sell for $ 10,000 alone . After hearing of the success of this eBay seller , a man in Kansas dug up a factory-sealed copy of the game that he thought was worthless . However , his game became only the second known sealed copy in existence . He 'd purchased the game in 1987 , but could never find the Fitness mat to go with it . It was still sealed because he 'd meant to return it . When his eBay auction ended on February 26 , 2010 , the game sold for an amazing $ 41,300 . The same game repackaged by Nintendo , World Class Track Meet , generally sells for less than $ 3 on eBay . Mental Floss : 6 people who accidentally found a fortune 2 . 1990 Nintendo World Championships  NES  Price Range : Gray : $ 4,000 -- $ 6,100 ; Gold : $ 15,000 -- $ 21,000 Why So Expensive ? : In 1990 , Nintendo held a 30-city gaming tournament to find the best player in the world . Players had to get the best score in demo versions of three games -- Super Mario Bros. , Rad Racer , and Tetris -- all within a six-minute time limit . At the end of each city 's tournament , the winners of each of three age groups were given special gray Championship cartridges exactly like those used in the competition , which means only 90 of these cartridges were distributed . The gold version was sent out to those who won a promotional contest in the pages of Nintendo Power magazine . Only 26 gold games were produced , so they 're especially hard to find and command a higher price today . 3 . Nintendo Campus Challenge  NES  Price Range : $ 14,000 -- $ 20,100 Why So Expensive ? : In the early 1990s , Nintendo held competitions on college campuses and at popular Spring Break destinations . Like the World Championships , players had six minutes to play for high scores on demo versions of Super Mario Bros. 3 , PinBot , and Dr. Mario . Most copies of the game were destroyed after the competition ended , but one Nintendo employee kept his cart and sold it to Rob Walters at a garage sale in 2006 . This garage sale is legendary among retrogamers , as Rob bought all kinds of NES Holy Grails for only $ 1,000 . By the time he re-sold everything , he 'd made 50 times that . Part of that $ 50,000 was the Campus Challenge cartridge , which went for $ 14,000 . Shortly after , the buyer of the cart turned around and sold it on eBay for $ 20,100 . As far as anyone knows , it 's the only copy of the game in the world . 4 . Atlantis II  Atari 2600  Price Range : $ 5,000 -- $ 6,000 Why So Expensive ? : It 's never mentioned in the same breath as Pac-Man or Donkey Kong , but Atlantis was a pretty popular game in 1982 . The gameplay was similar to Missile Command , with players defending their base from overhead attack by enemy ships . The developer held a tournament called Destination Atlantis , where players were invited to send in photos of their TV screens displaying their high scores . The best players were then sent Atlantis II , a special edition of the game that featured faster enemy ships worth fewer points , making it harder to get a high score , but easier to determine the true champions . Because this version was not mass produced , its pretty rare today . But if you find a copy of the original Atlantis at a garage sale , it might be a good idea to pick it up anyway . The competition cart had the exact same colorful label of the regular Atlantis , but had a small , white sticker slapped on the front that read "  Atlantis II . " The label was easily peeled off , so a quick Google search will show you how to determine if you bought a $ 3 Atari game or a $ 6,000 one . Mental Floss : 8 video game lawsuits 5 . Air Raid  Atari 2600  Price Range : $ 1,000 -- $ 3,000 Why So Expensive ? : Air Raid is a bit of an enigma for Atari fans . Some say it was the one and only game produced by a company called "  Menavision "  or perhaps "  Menovision "  . The game is so shrouded in mystery , it ca n't even be verified that "  Air Raid " is its official title -- there 's no name on the label . The name was based on the gameplay , which is similar to Atlantis and Missile Command , and by the picture on the label of a city being attacked by flying saucers , jets , and helicopters . This strange cartridge appeared around 1984 in a bright blue "  T-handle " casing that is very different from the standard , square , black Atari carts sold in North America , but is similar in style to those sold in Brazil . Furthermore , while a few second-hand copies have been sold , no one can ever say they were the original owner . The mystery , as well as the fact there are only 12 known copies , make it a must-have for serious Atari collectors . 6 . Star Wars Ewok Adventure  Atari 2600  Price : $ 1,680 Why So Expensive ? : Advertised in Parker Brothers ' 1983 retail catalog as Revenge of the Jedi : Game I but affectionately known as Ewok Adventure , the cart became legendary for never being sold . In the game , players took control of an Ewok and flew a hang glider over the forest moon of Endor in an attempt to blow up an Imperial base . You could avoid or kill enemy Stormtroopers , Speeder Bikes , or Imperial AT-ST Walkers , or you could instead commandeer these vehicles to take out the base . The game was shot down by Parker Brothers ' marketing department , which felt the controls were too hard to master , so it was never produced . The game 's designer , Larry Gelberg , gave the one and only known prototype copy to a friend 's son , who later sold it for $ 1680 . Mental Floss : Cheetos , lip balm and other weird brand extensions 7 . Kizuna Encounter  Neo Geo  Price Range : $ 12,000 -- $ 13,500 Why So Expensive ? : One of the main games that all Neo Geo fanatics are looking for is a particular version of Kizuna Encounter , a 1996 fighting game similar to Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter . The game itself has received solid reviews , but is n't groundbreaking by any means . However , it was produced in such small quantities for the European market that collectors speculate fewer than 15 copies were made . The Japanese version , which is exactly the same except for different packaging , is fairly common and sells for about $ 50 . 8 . Ultimate 11  Neo Geo  Price Range : $ 8,000 -- $ 10,000 Why So Expensive ? : Ultimate 11 was the final game in the Super Sidekicks series , a popular franchise of soccer games that sold very well . For some reason , though , Ultimate 11 was not produced in large quantities , and there are now fewer than 10 known copies in existence . That kind of rarity makes it a must-have for collectors . In late 2009 , a private sale was reportedly made between two members of the collectors ' forums at neo-geo . com . The buyer paid an astonishing $ 55,000 to acquire both Kizuna Encounter and Ultimate 11 . The original owner purchased the games around 10 years ago , when Kizuna was selling for $ 500 and Ultimate for $ 400 . The new owner has said he will not sell them , even if he were offered $ 100,000 . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Old video games can be worth tens of thousands of dollars Stadium Events can sell for $ 13,000 -- $ 41,300 ; $ 10,000 for the box alone Nintendo Campus Challenge  NES  can get between $ 14,000 -- 20,100
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Three professors and a former professor at Columbia University 's Teachers College received hate mail this week , the New York Police Department said . It 's the campus that was shaken by several bias crimes directed at black and Jewish professors in 2007 . Columbia University 's Teachers College is once again the target of a hate campaign . Three professors received manila envelopes Tuesday with images of swastikas in them . The fourth , a former professor who is an African-American , was sent a manila envelope containing an image of a noose , according to NYPD deputy commissioner Paul Browne . Among those receiving a swastika image was Elizabeth Midlarsky , a Jewish psychologist who has studied psychological principles in the context of the Holocaust , police said . In 2007 , her office door was spray-painted with a swastika .  A swastika is the right-angles cross symbol used on Nazi Germany flags  . The NYPD Hate Crimes Unit is leading the investigation into the incident . No arrests have been made . "  The TC community deplores these hateful acts , which violate every Teachers College and societal norm , " said an e-mail Wednesday to faculty and students from the college 's president , Susan Fuhrman ; and dean , Tom James . No arrests were been made in the 2007 incidents . Police declined to say if they believe there is a connection between those cases and the mailings this week .	Three professors , one former one at Columbia University receive hate mail this week Jewish psychologist at Teachers College among those receiving swastika In 2007 , same psychologist 's office door was spray-painted with a swastika NYPD Hate Crimes Unit is leading investigation ; no arrests made
Health.com  -- Mercury exposure from eating fish does n't appear to raise the risk of heart disease and stroke , as some research has suggested , according to a new study in the New England Journal of Medicine . The study -- the largest of its kind to date -- should help settle long-standing uncertainty about whether mercury from fish , which in high doses is believed to cause developmental delays in fetuses and infants , might also impact the heart health of adults . "  This research provides really robust evidence that mercury exposure from fish consumption at levels commonly seen in -LSB- the -RSB- U.S. and similar countries is not linked to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease , " says Dariush Mozaffarian , M.D. , the lead author of the study and an associate professor of cardiovascular medicine at Brigham and Women 's Hospital and Harvard Medical School , in Boston . "  For the average consumer who 's worried about mercury in fish , our study suggests that cardiovascular toxicity should not be a concern . " Health.com : 10 best foods for your heart Not only is eating fish safe , but it 's also good for your heart , thanks to its low levels of saturated fat and abundant omega-3 fatty acids . In the study , in fact , the participants with the highest mercury exposure appeared to be at slightly less risk of heart attack and stroke than those with the lowest exposure , a trend that is probably due to the benefits of fish consumption rather than the mercury itself , the researchers say . Fish ingest mercury , an industrial by-product , when it collects in rivers and oceans . Mercury levels tend to be more concentrated toward the top of the underwater food chain , as smaller fish  such as sardines and shrimp  are eaten by larger fish  such as swordfish and tuna  . Fish-oil supplements , which many people take to promote heart health , have not been found to contain mercury , says Stephen Kopecky , M.D. , a cardiologist and professor of medicine at the Mayo Clinic , in Rochester , Minn. . Health.com : Supplements for cholesterol : what works ? For years , health officials have warned pregnant women , nursing mothers , and young children to limit their fish consumption due to concerns about the apparent link between mercury exposure and subtle delays in the brain development of infants and children . Neurological problems stemming from mercury-laden fish do not appear to be a concern for adults , but doctors have been less certain about the effects of mercury on heart health . Some experts have suggested , for instance , that mercury could affect heart health by interfering with heart function , promoting blood clots , or neutralizing antioxidants . To test this theory , Mozaffarian and his colleagues measured mercury levels in the stored toenail clippings of 3,427 people with a history of heart disease , heart attack , or stroke , and compared them with an equal number of demographically similar people without heart problems .  Toenail clippings are a common way of measuring mercury exposure . Health.com : 10 healthy fish recipes The participants , who were part of two long-running government studies known as the Nurses ' Health Study and the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study , also answered detailed questions about their dietary habits . The average mercury concentrations were about the same in both groups , 0.23 versus 0.25 micrograms per gram .  By comparison , 0.4 micrograms per gram is considered the upper limit of safety for pregnant moms and infants . The researchers found no relationship between mercury exposure and the risk of heart attack and stroke , even in people with mercury concentrations of up to 1 microgram per gram . "  Any way we looked at it , we found no evidence for higher risk , " says Mozaffarian , who is also an associate professor of epidemiology at the Harvard School of Public Health . In short , there is no reason to change the current dietary recommendations regarding fish and mercury , Kopecky adds . Health.com : Healthy fish choices The American Heart Association generally recommends that people eat fish at least twice a week , limiting their consumption of large , predatory fish that might have higher mercury levels . The Food and Drug Administration , meanwhile , urges pregnant women and young children to eat no more than two servings of fish per week . These groups should stick with salmon , catfish , canned light tuna , and other low-mercury species , and should avoid high-mercury species altogether , the agency says . Copyright Health Magazine 2010	The study should settle whether mercury from fish , might also impact the heart health of adults . It 's also good for your heart , thanks to its low levels of saturated fat The American Heart Association recommends that people eat fish at least twice a week
CNN  -- Add another chapter to the illustrious history of freewheeling vice presidential debates . At Centre College in Kentucky , Joe Biden and Paul Ryan engaged in what might euphemistically be described as a lively exchange of ideas . In reality it felt more like a testy verbal brawl between father and son . Consider these key 5 moments from the debate . Ryan : No need to apologize This is a well played moment by Ryan , one of his best of the debate . He has a specific argument to make , and he fleshes out that argument clearly and logically . Ryan also delivers the material in an effective way . You can see his face become more animated as he speaks , and he uses simple rhetoric to express his doubts about the Obama administration 's handling of the killing of the U.S. ambassador to Libya . Politics : Five things we learned from the VP debate Biden 's strategic anger In this clip , Biden delivers the attack everybody had expected President Obama to launch in the first debate . Biden is sharply critical of disparaging comments made by Mitt Romney and Ryan about Americans who , for one reason or another , do not pay income tax . This is classic Biden . He takes a large philosophical abstraction about the role of government in people 's lives and personalizes it , citing his parents , his neighbors , the people he grew up with , seniors , veterans and soldiers fighting in Afghanistan . It 's quite a list , and he delivers it convincingly and passionately . Ryan pushes back on the 47 % remark This represents an attempt by Ryan to use humor to deflect a negative , in this case Romney 's now-famous comment about the 47 % of Americans who do n't pay taxes . Debate strategists plan these moments in advance , but it is impossible to predict how they will actually play . In joking about Biden 's propensity for verbal gaffes , Ryan is suggesting that Romney mangled his words when referring to the 47 % . Ryan does a decent job delivering the line that had been written for him , and he even gets a laugh from the audience . But in the final analysis there 's not much Ryan or anyone else can do to counteract the damage caused by Romney 's original comment . Biden : Now you 're Jack Kennedy ? In this exchange the two candidates struggle to dominate the conversation -- again , I am reminded of a father and son going at it over the dinner table . The look of feigned incredulity on Biden 's face as Ryan speaks is priceless . For his part , Ryan can barely contain his exasperation at being talked over . Biden 's line -- "  Oh , and now you 're Jack Kennedy " -- is a not too subtle allusion to the classic vice presidential debate putdown from 1988 , when Lloyd Bentsen told Dan Quayle , "  Senator , you 're no Jack Kennedy . " Ryan attempts to laugh off the insult , but he seems a bit rattled here . Biden appears to have hit a nerve . Should n't candidates know by now that it 's never safe to invoke John F. Kennedy in a presidential debate ? Politics : First two debates could n't be more different Ryan loses his cool Stylistically this is one of Ryan 's low points in the debate . Unsure how to handle Biden 's perturbed tone , Ryan loses his cool . He begins squirming in his chair and moving his neck like a bobblehead doll . At a couple of points he emits a strange , snort-like chuckle , a sound that does not exactly enhance his maturity . For the most part in this debate , Ryan did not let an overbearing Biden get under his skin , but not in this clip . Let 's give Ryan credit where credit is due . Before the debate he predicted that Biden would come at him "  like a cannonball , " and indeed he did . Though it was n't always pretty , Biden managed to dominate the evening , an old lion who had no intention of being taken down by the young gun sitting across the table . Like a master thespian on opening night , Biden conspicuously deployed pretty much his entire bag of performing tricks : dramatic line-readings , huge smiles , exaggerated laughter , asides to the audience . As over-the-top as some of this became , it got the job done . For much of the debate the super-charged veep kept his opponent in a defensive crouch . At times it looked as if Ryan was afraid Biden might ground him and take away the car keys . Ryan did have his moments in this debate , but overall he came across as not quite seasoned enough for the office he seeks . Undergirding every vice presidential debate is the question of which candidate is ready to step into the Oval Office at a moment 's notice . By this standard , Ryan failed to hit the mark . Which is not to suggest that the man has no future in presidential politics . The years will obviously take him beyond the problem of immaturity . If Mitt Romney loses this election , it is not inconceivable that four years from now Ryan and Biden might even end up back onstage together , as co-stars in a presidential debate . Opinion : Sports bar Biden vs. seminar Ryan Overall , this debate 's most striking characteristic was the age gap between candidates . In the optics of televised debates a generational difference can cut either way : the older candidate might look out of date and past his prime , or wise and experienced . The younger candidate might look fresh and energetic , or not ready for prime time . In this case , Biden 's age tended to work in his favor ; Ryan 's youth worked against him . Beyond the matter of gravitas , Biden won the debate for a second reason : he managed to put on the table most of the issues that President Obama failed to raise in Denver . This was a tricky maneuver , but for the most part Biden accomplished his mission . This allows Obama to hit the reset button for his rematch with Romney next week . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Schroeder .	Alan Schroeder : Debate 's most striking feature was the age gap between candidates Schroeder : Biden managed to dominate the evening He says Ryan came across as not quite seasoned enough for the office he seeks Schroeder : Biden allows Obama to hit the reset button for his rematch with Romney
New York  CNN  -- Affixed to a high-rise apartment building in one of midtown Manhattan 's more coveted locations , the arm of a construction crane damaged by Superstorm Sandy continued to dangle perilously 90 stories above New York City . Police have cordoned off the area around the base of the One57 building on West 57th street , as New Yorkers recover from a rare convergence of weather systems that killed at least 15 people across the state . The arm can be seen slowly swaying atop the building , which remains under construction . Photos : New York recovers from Sandy Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the surrounding area , including the posh Le Parker Meridien hotel , has since been evacuated . "  We 're sorry for the inconvenience , but better be safe than sorry , " the mayor said during a news conference . As gusts of up to 60 mph barreled through New York , the crane was damaged Monday afternoon atop a building that is planned to be among the tallest residential structures in Manhattan , offering views that potentially range from Central Park to the city 's Financial District . "  The hurricane storm winds have pushed the crane boom over the cab section of the high-rise crane at One 57th Street , " said Mary Costello , senior vice president for Lend Lease , the property group managing the site . Meanwhile , New Yorkers continued to peer skyward toward the unusual and potentially dangerous scene . How you can help CNN 's Eden Pontz contributed to this report	Police have cordoned off the area around the base of the One57 building on West 57th street The arm is swaying atop the building , which remains under construction As gusts of up to 60 mph barreled through New York , the crane was damaged Monday
CNN  -- There are heart-shaped mirrors on the ceiling and a lot of frisky nibbling on the bed below . But the visitors to this new Brazilian love motel are a pair of French bulldogs , Cherry and Toby . The motel is just part of Animalle Mundo Pet , a new massive pet complex in Belo Horizonte , Brazil that sells everything from chocolate dog biscuits to assisted reproduction services . A fling in the motel costs about $ 50 dollars . Cherry 's owner says she 's still too young to mate , but they 'll be back when she comes of age . "  I like to give her everything I can , " says Leonardo Felipe da Silva . "  A lot of people think it 's too much , but I think she deserves it . " He says he already spends up to $ 300 a week on food and accessories for Cherry . "  Our clients do n't see animals just as animals , " says Daniela Guimaraes , the owner of Animalle Mundo Pet . "  They talk about their pets like members of the family , ` my son ' or ` my brother ' . " In Brazil , a decade of prosperity propelled millions into the middle class and fueled a demand for pets of all kinds , but especially dogs . Breeds like Shih Tzus and Italian greyhounds have become new symbols of economic status . According to PET South America , an international trade show for pet suppliers , Brazil is now the world 's fifth-largest market for pet accessories , worth about 9 billion dollars in 2011 . Even so , only about half of Brazil 's 100 million pets have access to pre-packaged foods and pet stores , according PET South America , leaving plenty of room for future growth , which they predict will be in the double digits . Dog leashes embedded with crystals , animals spas and dog daycares are all the rage . In Sao Paulo , many restaurants now offer dog menus and a Rio de Janeiro entrepreneur recently introduced a beef-flavored "  Dog Beer " -- non-alcoholic of course . Being a pet in Brazil these days is hardly a dog 's life .	Brazil is now the world 's fifth-largest market for pet accessories , according to PET South America In Sao Paulo , many restaurants now offer dog menus and a Rio entrepreneur recently introduced a "  Dog Beer "
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama 's acceptance of the Democratic Party 's presidential nomination may be historic in many ways . One of them is the size of the audience at Invesco Field . More than 75,000 people packed into the football stadium in Denver , Colorado , to hear Obama 's historic speech as the first African-American Democratic presidential nominee . The enormity of the crowd was borne out by the gridlock that greeted them as they left the stadium . Attendees shuffled along like herds of cattle , moving inches at a time , as they attempted to leave the grounds . But those in attendance said the size of the audience contributed to the event 's electric atmosphere.iReport.com : Watch wave break out at Invesco "  What his whole campaign is about is bringing people together , " said iReporter William Gilbane III . "  The mix of people -- young , old , gay , straight , white , black -- everything you could imagine was represented in the crowd and it was just really , really exciting . " Watch Gilbane describe the scene inside the stadium " Local authorities worked with the Secret Service to get as many people into the stadium as possible . Obama said he chose to speak Thursday at Invesco Field , which seats 76,000 people , to make sure "  everybody who wants to can come . " Some attendees stood shoulder-to-shoulder on the stadium floor for hours , mingling among the likes of celebrities such as Spike Lee , Farrah Fawcett , Susan Sarandon and Oprah Winfrey . iReporter Zennie Abraham said he talked politics with actor Matthew Modine and former San Francisco , California , Mayor Willie Brown . Watch Abraham talk about mingling with celebrities " A few ticket-holders and would-be attendees arrived at Invesco Field by 9 a.m. ET . By noon , the line for the entrance included roughly 1,000 people , according to media reports . The parking situation near Invesco filled up , even with garages charging $ 50 to $ 60 for Thursday night . iReport.com : Check out the sights and sounds By midday , thousands stood in the warm temperatures to wait in lines that were nearly six miles long , according to local police . The lines snaked around ramps and onto the Auraria Boulevard overpass , which leads to Invesco Field . Watch thousands walk toward the stadium " A group of transportation volunteers in orange T-shirts with the convention logo walked toward the front of the line . They called out , "  What time is it ? " People responded , "  Obama time ! " Les Spencer and Tony Viessman , lifelong Democrats who call themselves "  Rednecks for Obama , " went through the crowds , talking about their support for the Illinois senator . "  Do n't be afraid to vote for Obama ! " Les said . Their motto , according to Les and Tony , is "  workin ' for the man who 'll do more for the workin ' man . " Obama 's speech fell on the 45th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech . Two of King 's children , the Rev. Bernice King and Martin Luther King III , participated in a tribute to their father at the convention . The crowd also heard from former vice president Al Gore , New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson and party chairman Howard Dean . CNN Laura Bernardini , Ed Hornick , Julia Leja , Justine Redman and Martina Stewart contributed to this report .	NEW : Attendees encounter gridlock as they leave Invesco Field Lines to enter stadium were up to six miles long , police estimate About 75,000 people attended Sen. Obama 's acceptance speech
CNN  -- The death of a U.S. Army captain who died while engaged in a video chat with his wife from Afghanistan remained under investigation Saturday , the family said . Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark was in Tarin Kowt , about 85 miles  140 kilometers  north of Kandahar , when he died during a Skype session with his wife . Clarence Davis , a spokesman for the William Beaumont Army Medical Center in El Paso , Texas , where Clark was based , said that it has not been determined how Clark died and that the case is under investigation . Clark 's family said in a statement that they 'd hoped for "  a miracle " after his wife Susan saw what happened to Clark during their chat on Monday , but "  it was not to be . " They did not elaborate as to what took place . "  Although the circumstances were unimaginable , Bruce 's wife and extended family will be forever thankful that he and his wife were together in his last moments , " Clark 's wife and family said Friday . Clark -- known by many as Kevin -- was a chief nurse in the Army who amassed many honors in his military career , according to his family . Those include an Army Commendation Medal , Military Outstanding Volunteer Service , Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and an Army Service Medal . The longtime resident of Spencerport , New York , joined the Army in September 2006 and served , among other places , at the Tripler Army Medical Center in Hawaii , according to a Beaumont Army Medical Center statement . More recently , he was based at that medical facility in southwest Texas and assigned to the Army 's A Company , Troop Command . "  He loved being in the military , " his sister-in-law Mariana Barry told CNN affiliate WHAM in upstate New York . "  He was absolutely willing to make any sacrifice , and it 's just horrible that this is the sacrifice he ended up making . " His commander described Clark , 43 , as "  awesome , " "  professional " and "  a great asset , leader and friend , " the family said . After his death , special operations troops from the United States and Australia lined up to give him his final send-off from Afghanistan . And on Thursday , his casket was wrapped in an American flag as it was transported off a military plane onto the tarmac of Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , according to the U.S. Air Force Mortuary Affairs Operation . While no dates have been given , the family said that Clark 's funeral will be in Spencerport and a memorial service will be held in Addison , Michigan . In addition , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo directed that all flags at state government buildings be flown at half-staff Monday in Clark 's honor , as he 's done with other Empire State troops who have died in combat zones . In addition to his wife , Clark is survived by two daughters . Dozens have posted comments on a Facebook tribute page set up in Clark 's honor , some of them from people who knew him and his family personally and others from strangers wishing to thank him for his service . "  He was an excellent nurse , a fierce patient advocate , and loved to teach students . But what I remember most about him is the great love he had for his wife and beautiful little girls , " one woman wrote . "  I have no doubt that Bruce will be watching them and loving them forever more . " Barry said that her sister Susan is "  being strong " for her daughters and that the entire family is committed to stepping up -- just like Clark did . "  We 're going to try to take care of my sister and my nieces the way that Kevin would have taken care of them , and the way he would have wanted us to take care of them , " Barry said . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark died during a Skype session with his wife , the family says Clark 's family did not elaborate as to what took place The U.S. military has not released a cause of death The case is under investigation , the military says
Paris  CNN  -- Lawyers for Dominique Strauss-Kahn pushed back Tuesday against allegations that he facilitated prostitution in France , saying there was "  no significant evidence " the former International Monetary Fund chief knew young women at parties he attended were being paid for sex . Other suspects held over an investigation into prostitution centered around the city of Lille "  said that Dominique Strauss-Kahn did not know that these women were being paid , " Strauss-Kahn 's lawyer Henri Leclerc said in a news conference . "  We hear that these women say otherwise . Well , no ! I can tell you these women do not say otherwise , " he said . Strauss-Kahn was formally warned Monday that he is under investigation for "  aggravated pimping " for accusations that he participated in a prostitution ring , prosecutors said . He is not allowed to have contact with other people involved in the investigation , nor is he permitted to talk to the media about the case . Strauss-Kahn was released under a â ‚ ¬ 100,000  $ 133,000  bail , according to prosecutors . Strauss-Kahn is now at a point in the French legal system that comes after an arrest and before formal charges are filed . He faces allegations of habitual involvement in a prostitution racket . The description of the alleged crime as "  aggravated " means it took place on a regular and involved basis , and "  pimping " means facilitating a prostitution operation , not just being a customer . Leclerc said it was possible to question his client 's morals , but that he had not broken the law . "  We can criticize in terms of virtue , in terms of how a man should conduct himself , " the lawyer said . "  But in reality , this is just unruly conduct . You can hate it , you may not find it virtuous -- everyone is entitled to their own opinion -- but it is not a crime . " Frederique Beaulieu , another lawyer for Strauss-Kahn , said Tuesday : "  You have to remember that in our country having relations with a prostitute is not a crime . " While prostitution is not illegal in France , profiting from the prostitution of another person is against the law , according to the French Penal Code . Authorities are also investigating whether corporate funds were used to pay for the prostitutes . Leclerc said in December that there was no evidence that such funds were misappropriated . Last month , Strauss-Kahn was held for more than 24 hours by police in Lille and questioned about alleged involvement in the prostitution ring . His attorneys released a statement in November calling the allegations against their client "  unhealthy , sensationalist and not without a political agenda . " The prostitution probe , nicknamed the "  Carlton Affair " by the French press , kicked off in October . It centers around the city of Lille , w3here investigators began looking into claims that luxury hotels , including the Carlton , served as a base for a high-profile prostitution network . In December , Strauss-Kahn 's attorney Leclerc acknowledged in an interview with radio station Europe1 that his client attended sex parties , but said Strauss-Kahn was unaware the women in attendance were prostitutes . A hotel manager and four other men were arrested late last year in connection with the investigation . The Carlton Affair continues a string of sexual allegations against Strauss-Kahn . He has not been convicted of any crime . One of the sex scandals torpedoed his expected run for the French presidency this year . He stepped down from the top job at the IMF after that incident , in which a New York hotel maid accused him of sexual assault and attempted rape in May . He denied the accusation . The case ultimately fell apart after prosecutors decided they could not be sure about the credibility of the alleged victim , despite forensic evidence that showed a sexual encounter had occurred . Strauss-Kahn also faced allegations of attempted rape from a young French writer . Tristane Banon filed a complaint , alleging a 2003 attack , though it could not be pursued because of a statute of limitations . Strauss-Kahn denied the allegations and has since filed a countersuit in France , alleging slander . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Attorney : There is no evidence Strauss-Kahn knew women at sex parties were paid Other suspects say the former IMF chief did not know , Henri Leclerc says Strauss-Kahn is warned he is being investigated for "  aggravated pimping " French police are investigating a high-profile prostitution ring in Lille
CNN  A lot of questions . Not too many answers . Exactly one week after being taken into police custody in Baltimore , Freddie Gray died Sunday under circumstances that are unclear . "  The questions that many of you have are the same questions that we 're asking : How was Mr. Gray injured ? Were our proper protocols and procedures actually followed ? What are the next steps to take from here ? " said Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake . An attorney for Gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up . "  On last Sunday morning at about 8 a.m. , the police chased Freddie Gray , a ... healthy man , without any evidence he had committed a crime . His take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing Freddy into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain , " attorney William Murphy Jr. said in a statement . Video recorded at the scene shows Gray , with his hands behind his back , screaming as police raise him to his feet . They drag him to a waiting van . "  He lapsed into a coma , died , was resuscitated , stayed in a coma and on Monday , underwent extensive surgery at Shock Trauma to save his life . He clung to life for seven days and died today at approximately 7 a.m. . We believe the police are keeping the circumstances of Freddie 's death secret until they develop a version of events that will absolve them of all responsibility , " said Murphy . The attorney added that Gray 's spinal cord was severely injured . At this point , police are declining to say much about the case , citing ongoing administrative and criminal investigations . They have not released the incident report , nor have they released the names of the officers involved . They have said that those officers have been placed on administrative duties . When asked why officers first encountered Gray , Baltimore Police Dept. Capt. Eric Kowalczyk told CNN that they had been working in an area known for violent crime and drug sales . When the officers approached him , Gray fled , Kowalczyk said . Gray 's death comes amid a string of recent deaths involving white officers and black suspects . The death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , touched off protests and sparked a nationwide debate over race and policing . Brown , an unarmed black teen , was shot by Darren Wilson , a white officer , last August . According to CNN affiliate WJZ , protesters rallied over the weekend in Baltimore , demanding answers . "  Our hope and goal here is to be as informative as we can without compromising the criminal investigation , " said Kowalczyk . "  We 're very troubled by this . We want to find out the answers as much as the public does . " CNN 's Vivan Kuo and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	An attorney for Freddie Gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up There are ongoing administrative and criminal investigations Baltimore 's mayor promises to get the bottom of what happened
CNN  -- The cruise line Holland America says it was an "  aberration " when inspectors from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found multiple sanitation violations , including brown liquid dripping on clean dishes and a fly on the buffet , on the line 's ms Veendam . Enough violations were cited that the CDC gave the Veendam a failing grade . "  While unacceptable for Holland America Line , the unsatisfactory score is highly unusual and an aberration , " Holland America 's Sally Andrews told CNN . Inspectors do n't tell cruise lines when they 're going to show up , but they visit twice a year as part of the CDC 's vessel sanitation inspection program . The CDC grades ships on a 100-point scale . An 85 or lower is considered a failing grade . The Veendam received a grade of 77 . "  Since 1996 , Veendam has received passing scores on 32 inspections , " Andrews said . The Veendam is a 16-year-old ship , originally christened by actress Debbie Reynolds , that carries 1,930 passengers and crew , according to Holland America . Does traveling increase your chance of illness ? According to the CDC report , during the August 19 surprise visit , inspectors found brown liquid dripping on clean dishes , refrigerators out of order , improper installation of anti-entrapment drain covers in pools posing a possible danger to swimmers , faulty dishwashers that managers allegedly failed to do anything about until inspectors arrived and water from a broken ice machine leaking onto the pool deck . The report did not specify what the brown liquid dripping on dishes was , or where it came from . "  One of the cooks doing active food preparation had a goatee and was not wearing a beard restraint , " a CDC inspector noted . Later in the same report , "  A live large fly was near the buffet . This area was in use during the inspection , " the CDC said . The Veedam 's failing grade is uncommon in the cruise ship industry , an industry that has tried in recent years to keep on-board environments sanitary after illnesses like the Norwalk virus sickened passengers and caused a public relations nightmare . CDC 's surprise cruise ship inspection  video "  Very few ships have received a failing score over the last couple of years , " the CDC 's Jay Dempsey said . In fact , only five ships since 2007 have failed inspection during the CDC 's bi-annual unannounced inspections . Ships are required to take corrective action after inspectors find violations . All cruise ships that dock at U.S. ports are inspected by the CDC . Reports are then posted on the CDC 's website . It 's the second time in as many months that Holland America ships have been targeted by officials . In August , a room tag from the line 's Maasdam cruise ship and sewage washed ashore in Lynn , Massachusetts , leading town officials to suggest the debris may have come from the ship . But Holland America now says its investigation suggests the debris did n't come from their ship . "  A detailed letter outlining specifics related to the individual pieces of trash that washed up was sent to local authorities in mid-August and follow up was done with the Coast Guard as well . In general , the items found are not items carried onboard the ship . As for the luggage tag that was found , that particular color/style had not been used by Holland America Line for a year , " Andrews said . From the archives : Queen Mary 2 fails sanitation inspection	"  Very few ships ... received a failing score over the last couple of years , " CDC official says Holland America 's ms Veendam , which CDC inspectors visited in August , got a 77 An 85 or lower on the CDC 's 100-point inspection scale is considered failing The cruise line says "  the unsatisfactory score is highly unusual and an aberration "
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Environmentally friendly engineering is really right up Chicago 's alley -- in a city project called Green Alleys . Chicago workers resurface alleys with permeable concrete that cleans rainwater before it runs into Lake Michigan . The program aims to stop polluted rainwater in the city 's alleyways from ending up in adjacent Lake Michigan . Chicago 's 13,000 alleys , which allow rear access to buildings , date back to the 1800s . The 1,900 miles of back alleys ease access for garbage collection , loading and parking . They also make up about 3,500 acres of impermeable surface , which has created a big problem . Many of the alleys were built without connections to storm sewers . Rainwater puddles on the pavement and can run into buildings , sometimes flooding basements . "  We wanted to come up with a different way of solving that problem other than reconstructing , putting in a sewer system and adding water to our already full sewer system , " said Janet Attarian , sustainability coordinator with the Chicago Department of Transportation . So , the extreme alley makeover started with the pavement . The alleys are being resurfaced with concrete , asphalt or paving stones that are permeable -- that is , water runs through them like a sieve to the dirt beneath . Microbes that thrive on stuff like fertilizer and oil are seeded into the pavement or migrate there naturally . They cleanse the water of pollutants from cars and lawns . The cleaner water makes its way into the groundwater , called an aquifer , and then flows into Lake Michigan . That 's a big deal , Attarian explained , because the city takes about a billion gallons of water out of Lake Michigan every year . But only about 1 percent of that water finds its way back to the lake , Attarian said . "  So by infiltrating that aquifer , we have a chance to -LSB- give -RSB- some of that water back . " Additionally , green alleys feature pavement that 's high in albedo , or the ability to reflect light . The surface is lighter in color , reflecting more sunlight and absorbing less . "  It 's like putting on a white T-shirt instead of a black one on a hot summer day , " Attarian said . "  It cools the city off and reduces our carbon footprint . " Other features of the Green Alley program include the use of recycled materials in pavement and energy-efficient light fixtures that direct light downward to reduce light pollution . How green are those alleys ? Chicago has greened 40 of them , with 48 more scheduled to get the treatment this year .	Chicago covers alleys with special concrete that cleans polluted rain runoff Microbes in concrete eat pollutants such as fertilizer and oil Solution avoids having to rebuild city 's massive alley system Unique concrete also helps to keep city cooler on sunny days
CNN  -- Over the past month , North Korea 's 29-year-old leader , Kim Jong Un , has threatened to attack Washington with nuclear weapons , declared a state of war with neighboring South Korea and warned diplomats to evacuate the peninsula . The Obama administration has sent conflicting responses : first deploying bombers and new missile defense assets to the region , then appearing to back off and calling for dialogue with Pyongyang . This is a pattern the North has come to expect of all U.S. administrations . Historically , after major provocations , the United States has returned to the bargaining table with North Korea within , on average , five months of a provocation . And , of course , the North has typically cheated and raised further demands based on improved nuclear explosions and more capable missiles developed while leaders were in dialogue mode . We will not negotiate our way out of this one . On the other hand , sanctions and pressure have not deterred the North from its nuclear weapons path . Is the North Korea problem unsolvable ? No . But U.S. policy must be based on realistic assessments of five factors : the North 's intentions , the danger involved , the efficacy of dialogue , the approach to China , and the role of our alliances . 1  What does North Korea want ? This answer should not be so hard to figure out . The North 's highest national priority is the capability to threaten the United States , our Pacific bases and our allies with nuclear-armed ballistic missiles . Almost nothing will knock it off this path . Do the leaders want respect , aid , lifting of sanctions and legitimacy ? Of course : But the regime has determined that these come from owning nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles . The North 's outrageous threats are designed to elicit compromise and restraint from the other powers in the region -- to frighten us away from imposing U.N. Security Council sanctions for the latest nuclear and missile tests . Pyongyang wants first to establish itself undeniably as the world 's newest nuclear weapons power . The regime may then freeze one part of its program temporarily , or promise a moratorium to receive food , energy and money , but the pattern has been consistent in later breaking away from whatever agreement was reached . If nuclear weapons were just about deterring the United States , then a nonaggression pact or peace treaty might have some possibility . U.S. administrations , from those of Barack Obama to George H.W. Bush , have offered North Korea security assurances more than 33 times . But the regime needs these weapons to deter China , to keep its army loyal and to juxtapose its weapons status against rival South Korea 's enormous successes on the international stage . In the regime 's view , the weapons are indispensable to its survival . Opinion : North Korea endgame -- 3 scenarios 2  What is the danger ? North Korea can be deterred . The young Kim 's use of nuclear weapons would destroy the regime . The North Koreans might have everything to lose , but we -- as rich and comfortable societies -- have much more to lose . That is the leverage the North seeks to exploit . Pyongyang 's increasingly brazen threats could reflect the exuberance and inexperience of a young untested leader , but may also reflect the belief that threats can be made with greater impunity when backed by a handful of nuclear weapons . If the North is beginning to produce nuclear weapons not only from plutonium harvested from its Yongbyon reactor , but also from uranium , then it may soon be able to produce more than one nuclear device , if not weapon , a year . This could lead to even more dangerous threats and demands -- including a possible repeat of the threat to transfer nuclear know-how to other countries . The other danger stems from the North 's brinkmanship strategy itself . For five decades , the North has mastered the art of manufacturing crises and then pulling back from the brink . A CSIS study found that within two months of a rupture in negotiations , North Korea ratchets up another crisis with a provocation -- only to be rewarded with regional powers ' diplomacy efforts within five to six months . With increasing confidence in its nuclear and missile programs , will Pyongyang come closer to that line ? Will Kim Jong Un feel pressure not to back down in order to prove his credentials as a marshall of the DPRK ? Will he pick the wrong targets and invite a South Korean retaliatory strike ? Nuclear weapons : Who has what ? 3  The efficacy of dialogue The history of this torrid cycle of crisis diplomacy suggests that sooner or later , the Obama administration will be back at the negotiating table to rent a temporary cessation of North Korean belligerence , just as previous administrations have done . But the definition of madness is to do the same thing over and over hoping that the outcome will be different . It wo n't . That is why the main track now has to be pressure . Not war , but serious and sustained pressure by all parties that constrains weapons development and proliferation . 4  The China calculus Of course , sustained pressure is impossible without China 's involvement . For the first time in years , there is reason to hope China may be more helpful . Beijing is clearly exasperated with the North . The new Chinese leader , Xi Jinping , is more decisive than his predecessor . His new foreign policy team views Pyongyang with a jaundiced eye after years of mopping up the diplomatic messes . Even sacrosanct assumptions , such as the North 's role as a vital strategic buffer for China , are being hotly debated in Beijing . But we should not expect China to coerce its troublesome client . Beijing remains preoccupied with maintaining stability . Xi can not push through the economic package he hopes to table in the fall without support from regime conservatives , especially in the military , who favor the status quo on the Korean Peninsula . Party chieftains administering the Chinese provinces bordering North Korea are critical to meaningful enforcement of tightened sanctions , but they care more about the flourishing border trade and investment opportunities in the North than implementing the will of the U.N. Security Council . Such constraints make it difficult for the senior leadership to -- as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry put it last week -- "  bear down " on Pyongyang . This means the United States must avoid the temptation to make cooperation on North Korea a litmus test for U.S.-China ties . Doing so will only stiffen Chinese resistance and result in disappointment and increased bilateral friction . It also risks increasing U.S. ownership of the problem at a time when we want China to do more . Instead , we need to persuade China to drop its parochial approach in favor of cooperation that is strategic , farsighted and genuine , and part of the overall framework of our long-term security relationship . We must convince China that North Korea 's actions are creating what Beijing most fears â $ " greater U.S. military presence in the region and enhanced trilateral cooperation with Japan and South Korea . North Korea 's missile capabilities 5  Allies matter A failure to stop North Korea 's nuclear programs will irreparably damage our alliances in Asia . Not so much because it will lead to a nuclear Japan or South Korea , but because it will raise doubts about U.S. staying power and ability to provide security to the region . Any U.S. outreach to China about development of a long-term strategy for Korea must be grounded in deep trilateral planning and coordination with America 's allies , South Korea and Japan . Indeed , all eyes will be on the new South Korean President Park Geun-hye as she lays out her vision to President Obama when they meet next month . Her brain trust has talked about quietly reaching out to change Beijing 's view of its strategic equities on the peninsula . This argument will be more persuasive only if it is grounded in unprecedented levels of U.S.-Japan-South Korea cooperation on missile defense , intelligence sharing , military exercises , and missile defense collaboration in response to the North Korean threat . The allies are key to deterring the North and motivating China -- and to our longer-term position in the region beyond this North Korean footnote in world history .	Writers : North Korea 's priority is being able to threaten U.S. and allies with nuclear arms It 's a circular game , they say . North bullies , steps back ; U.S. threatens , then talks Writers : Talks wo n't change situation . We must assess dangers , intentions , China , allies Writers : We need serious and sustained pressure by all parties , including China
The escalating conflict in Ukraine "  essentially puts the nation on the brink of civil war , " Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday . His assessment came during a telephone conversation with his German counterpart , according to the Kremlin , the same day Ukraine 's military launched its first , formal military action against pro-Russian militants with troops retaking an airport in the eastern Donetsk region after a reported clash with gunmen . The military action came a day after a Ukrainian ultimatum expired for protesters to lay down their arms , a move that appeared to signal an escalation in the crisis that has sparked a diplomatic row between Ukraine , its Western allies and Russia . With pro-Russian militants seizing government and police buildings in as many as 10 towns and cities in eastern Ukraine , acting President Oleksandr Turchynov told Parliament "  an anti-terrorist operation " was under way in the region . The aim of the military operation is to "  stop attempts to tear Ukraine to pieces , " he told lawmakers . Witnesses reported hearing gunfire and aircraft that appeared to be coming from the airfield in Kramatorsk , which Turchynov 's office said was under the control of Ukrainain special forces late Tuesday . There were conflicting reports about casualties , with Russian state-run media citing varying casualty claims supplied by militants . According to the reports , there were either two injured or four killed , claims that CNN can not independently verify . Brink of civil war ? Putin 's comments followed similar ones hours earlier from Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev warned Ukraine was on a violent path . "  Ukraine is on the brink of civil war . It is scary . And I hope that everyone who is responsible for making decisions at the moment -- I mean both , the current Ukrainian authorities , who we ca n't consider legitimate , but these are the authorities who came to power as result of a coup -- has brains to avoid driving the country to such shocks , " he said at a news conference Tuesday in Moscow . The pro-Russian uprising follows Russia 's annexation last month of Ukraine 's Crimea region , a move that emboldened other pro-Russian Ukrainians in the country 's east to rise up . Russia has said it reserves the right to intervene to protect the rights of ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine . During the conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Putin also raised concerns about what he called an "  anti-constitutional course " taken by Ukrainian authorities in Kiev to suppress protests . Despite what Merkel 's office described as "  different assessments of the events on the ground in Ukraine , " the focus of the conversation was on preparations for a meeting in Geneva among the foreign ministers of Russia , Ukraine , the United States and the European Union to find a way to reduce tensions in the region . In a sign of the divisions roiling the country , YouTube footage posted online appeared to show two openly pro-Russian presidential candidates who have demonstrated support for separatists being antagonized by crowds in separate incidents in Kiev on Monday night . In one video , Mikhail Dobkin , a presidential candidate for the Party of Regions , the party of ousted President Viktor Yanukovych , had flour and green liquid thrown at him as he addressed crowds . Another clip showed Oleg Tsarov , an independent candidate who was expelled from the Party of Regions , speaking to people without a shirt as he apparently sought to show the bruising he 'd received from an aggressive crowd . In the third video , Tsarov tries to leave a TV station , where crowds shout "  Shame ! Shame ! Shame ! " His supporters and protesters end up in a brief scuffle . CNN has not been able independently to verify the amateur video clips . NATO , EU are ` deeply concerned ' The escalating tensions in the region -- along with reports of violence -- have raised concerns among European Union defense ministers and NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen , who met Tuesday in Luxembourg . As he arrived for the talks , Rasmussen told reporters he was "  deeply concerned " by the latest developments in Ukraine . "  I call on Russia to de-escalate the crisis , to pull back its troops from Ukraine 's borders , to stop destabilizing the situation in Ukraine and make clear that it does n't support the violent actions of pro-Russian separatists , " he said . "  Russia should stop being part of the problem and start being part of the solution . " He said NATO and the EU are not discussing military options and that they support a diplomatic and political solution to the crisis . "  However , we are focused militarily on strengthening defense of our allies . That 's our core task , " he said . Ukraine deployed a National Guard battalion of 350 troops to the Donetsk region from Kiev on Tuesday morning , said Evgen Rojenyuk , a spokesman for Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council . The National Guard troops -- many of them former street protesters who signed up after the interim government took power in February -- have had only a few weeks of training . Military column A CNN team in eastern Ukraine encountered a large Ukrainian military column traveling on roads leading from the city of Donetsk toward other towns in the region . The column included more than 20 armored personnel carriers , along with support vehicles , and a helicopter circled overhead . The troops , who were carrying the Ukrainian flag , appeared to be headed north and east , although their precise destination was unclear . The pro-Russian mayor of Slaviansk claimed Tuesday that a Ukrainian military convoy including troops and armored vehicles had now surrounded the town , Russian state news agency ITAR-Tass reported . "  If they try to move in , we will have to stop them , " it quoted him as saying . Pro-Russian protesters seized a police building over the weekend in Slaviansk , some 100 miles from the border with Russia . From a hill overlooking the town , a CNN team saw no obvious signs of a large-scale operation , such as military helicopters or planes . Amid the unfolding crisis , Ukraine 's most senior security and defense officials are to meet for a closed session with all members of Parliament on Wednesday morning , Turchynov said . Pretext for intervention ? The unrest is the latest in a series of events ratcheting up tensions between Ukraine and Russia , which Kiev accuses of fomenting trouble in Russian-speaking eastern Ukraine . After then-Ukrainian leader Yanukovych backed out of a deal with the European Union in November in favor of closer ties with Russia , he was forced from office in February , the result of months of protests in Kiev . Distrust among the population in eastern Ukraine , the base of Yanukovych 's power , grew as the new national government shifted rapidly in a pro-Western direction . A short time later , pro-Russian elements occupied the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea , which Russia annexed in March . Since then , pro-Russian protesters have taken to the streets in eastern Ukraine and in some cases stormed and occupied buildings . Kiev 's fragile new government and the West accuse Russia of destabilizing the region as a pretext to potentially send in troops to protect the local Russian-speaking population . NATO says Russian armed forces are massing on Ukraine 's eastern border , while Moscow says they are merely carrying out military exercises . A United Nations human rights report released Tuesday on the situation in Ukraine cited an urgent need to counter "  misinformation , propaganda and incitement to hatred " in the country to avoid the further escalation of tensions . "  Facts on the ground need to be established to help reduce the risk of radically different narratives being exploited for political ends , " said U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay . Russia sanctions : Why the U.S. and Europe are not quite in step	Vladimir Putin says escalating conflict puts Ukraine on the "  brink of civil war " Ukraine 's military retakes airport from pro-Russian militants , official says Large Ukrainian military convoy seen traveling on roads in Donetsk region Ukraine 's acting President says an "  anti-terrorist operation " is under way in Donetsk region
Yaounde , Cameroon  CNN  Cameroonian troops and their allies have freed a German man who was held for six months by Islamist terror group Boko Haram , Cameroonian President Paul Biya said . Boko Haram kidnapped German citizen Robert Nitsch Eberhard in Nigeria in July , Biya said in a statement read Wednesday on state-run broadcaster CRTV . He did not detail how , when or where the rescue operation took place . "  A special operation of Cameroonian armed forces and security services of friendly countries " freed the man , he said . Eberhard told journalists he was glad to be alive . "  I am happy to see all these people around me , who have rescued me and made sure that I survived , because until the last minute , I did not know whether I would survive or I would not survive . It was for me a big problem . Because it was darkness , total darkness , and you see nobody around you . Then this is a big problem to say OK , I will survive or not survive , " Eberhard said . Eberhard was flown in from Cameroon 's Far North Region to Yaounde shortly after noon Wednesday . He said he was grateful to all those who worked to secure his release . The German ambassador to Cameroon , Klaus-Ludwig Keferstein , also thanked Cameroonian authorities , particularly because "  we could find a solution to this problem of hostage-taking , " he said . Eberhard spoke amid heavy security and mentioned that he was teaching at a vocational school in Gombe , Adamawa state , Nigeria , before the insurgents took him hostage in July . He has been taken to the residence of the German ambassador in Yaounde . The ambassador said initial medical care will be given to him before he is flown back to Germany for more medical attention . Biya said he was thankful to all those who "  directly or indirectly helped in the achievement ... and particularly the German government for their precious contribution . " He did not specify how Germany participated . The German Foreign Office did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma , chairwoman of the African Union Commission , praised "  the decision of President Idriss Deby Itno of Chad , at the request of Cameroon , to deploy troops in that country , to contribute to the ongoing operations against the Boko Haram terrorist group . " Boko Haram , which has fought an anti-government campaign in northeastern Nigeria and parts of Cameroon , said previously that it was holding a German hostage . Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau said so in November , in a video message denying Nigeria 's claims that it had struck a ceasefire deal with the group . It was n't immediately clear if this was Eberhard . The operation came days after about 2,000 Chadian troops arrived in Cameroon to help fight the insurgents . Boko Haram , which means "  Western education is forbidden " in the local Hausa dialect , has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . It has kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls who were abducted in northeastern Nigeria in April and remain missing . The Islamist group has attacked neighboring Cameroon , initially by crossing the border from Nigeria to steal food or kidnap foreign nationals . More recently , the group went after Cameroonian military installations . On Sunday , suspected Boko Haram militants kidnapped 80 people in Cameroon 's Far North Region , officials in the country said . By Monday , a military operation had freed 24 of the captives ; three others were found dead , state-run media reported . Boko Haram has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Biya has called for international cooperation in the fight against Boko Haram . Last week , the Russian ambassador to Cameroon , Nicolay Ratsiborinski , said his country will supply Cameroon with modern and sophisticated military weapons , including heavy artillery , armored cars and missiles . Michael Stephen Hoza , U.S. ambassador to Cameroon , said the United States would help train Cameroon soldiers and offer equipment for the fight . CNN 's Ngala Killian Chimtom contributed to this report from Cameroon . Jason Hanna wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles .	"  I did not know whether I would survive , " German citizen Robert Nitsch Eberhard says "  You see nobody around you , " he says Boko Haram said last year that it was holding a German citizen
Baghdad  CNN  -- A series of explosions rocked Baghdad on Thursday morning , killing at least 31 people and leaving more than 50 others injured , Iraq 's interior ministry said . In a separate incident in Kirkuk , two car bombs exploded , killing four people and injuring 23 others , including six police officers . The violence may continue a pattern of outbreaks following lulls . March had the lowest monthly death toll since the U.S-led invasion in 2003 , officials said earlier this month . According to interior ministry figures , 112 people died violently in March : 78 civilians , 12 Iraqi soldiers and 22 police officers . Until then , the lowest monthly death toll was in November 2009 , when the country recorded 122 deaths . Figures have fluctuated in Iraq month to month , with lulls in violence followed immediately by an uptick . In March , Iraq hosted an Arab League summit , a gathering that signaled the political emergence of post-war democratic Iraq . Security forces blanketed the capital in unprecedented security , and the gathering was a test of Iraq 's ability to provide critical organization and security in the country where deadly violence remains a weekly norm . Journalist Mohammed Lazim contributed to this report	At least 31 are killed in Iraq 's capital The blasts follow a month that had a record low number of violent deaths
CNN  -- A 22-year-old woman whose claims that she was abused in a trailer in rural West Virginia in 2007 helped send six people to prison now says she made up the story , her lawyer said Wednesday . Attorney Byron Potts says his client is not being pressured to recant her story . "  She is recanting her entire story , " attorney Byron Potts told reporters in Columbus , Ohio , about his client , Megan Williams , who moved there after the incident . "  She says it did not happen . She fabricated it . " He added , "  She wanted to get back at her boyfriend . She was mad at him . " In 2007 , police acting on a tip found the black woman in a trailer with cuts and bruises . She said she had been stabbed in the leg and beaten , sexually assaulted , forced to eat feces and subjected to a racial slur by her white captors . The suspects included a mother and son , a separate mother and daughter , and two men . All are still jailed , according to the prosecutor who handled the case . The incident , which drew extensive media coverage , stirred outrage around the country . Civil rights activist the Rev. Al Sharpton called for the incident to be investigated as a hate crime . Last year , all six defendants pleaded guilty and were given terms of up to 40 years in prison . Potts said his client was coming forward "  to right the wrong perpetrated on these six individuals . " He added that she told him all her injuries except for the bruises on her face were self-inflicted . The bruises , he said , were from an altercation she had had with her then-boyfriend before the incident in question . Potts described Williams ' feelings as "  total remorse ; that 's why she 's coming forward . She is remorseful for having these people spend time in jail . " Asked if she was being pressured to recant , he said , "  No , she 's not being pressured into this . " Williams had been expected to speak herself , but Potts said she would not appear before the news media because she was afraid for her safety . He said she was "  fully aware " that she might face criminal charges , "  but she still wanted to go forward with this . " Brian Abraham , the former Logan County prosecutor who handled the case , defended the convictions . "  The case was n't based on her statements , " he said , noting that Williams never testified in the case . "  The case was based on the evidence discovered by the police , including the confessions of the six defendants . " He added , "  All six of them have been in jail without filing appeals . If they file something afterwards , the evidence was pretty overwhelming for the charges on which they were convicted . " The current county prosecutor , John Bennett , said he could not comment on whether the case would be reopened . He said he represented one of the suspects in 2007 and so would let a judge decide how to handle the potential conflict of interest . Sharpton said , "  If they are being held under false information and she misled authorities , and if the authorities went solely on her testimony , then they should be released . " But he added , "  If there are other circumstances around the recanting , we should know what they are . "	6 people in prison for beating , sexual assault of Megan Williams Williams ' lawyer says she made story up to hurt ex-boyfriend 6 defendants pleaded guilty , were given terms of up to 40 years Williams alleged she was forced to eat feces and subjected to a racial slur
CNN  -- The great Davos talking shop is now up and running , with delegates of all levels of importance , shapes and nationalities zeroing in on this quaint , alpine town to put the world to rights . For many ordinary people the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum  WEF  is yet another "  important " summit in the calendar where the elite of business and politics will schmooze for a few days in a rarefied environment they have little or no experience of . Whether or not you believe events such as Davos justify their lofty ambitions , they are certainly a unique experience . So how do you become a Davos delegate ? Official invite The World Economic Forum is strictly by invitation only , with 2,500 participants representing over 100 countries . The roll call includes CEOs and representatives from the world 's biggest corporations ; politicians and heads of state from the G20 and other key countries ; technology innovators ; social entrepreneurs ; philanthropists and media companies . Adding to the exclusivity is the hefty price tag to attend . While the white badges are free for invited representatives of certain groups -- heads of state , faith leaders , academics , social entrepreneurs , members of international organizations and news anchors -- for businesses , the cost of a ticket is approximately $ 20,000 . Huge travel budget Getting to this small ski resort , nestled in a picturesque valley high up in the Swiss Alps 150 km south-west of Zurich , is not for the budget traveler . For a delegate arriving from New York this week flying business class , the price comes in at between $ 4,800 and $ 7,200 . A visitor from Tokyo can expect to pay between $ 4,500 and $ 8,300 , while a delegate flying in from Johannesburg , South Africa will pay around $ 4,900 . And once in Zurich there 's the small matter of the transfer to Davos . A regular shuttle bus and train service is available , but a two-hour trip by public transport may not suit the business client . The alternative would be a limousine which would cost around $ 700 for a one-way trip . However corporate CEOs may choose to come by helicopter , which last year cost around $ 9,500 for a return flight . Place to stay Finding accommodation in Davos during the week of the World Economic Forum is not easy , with a limited number of large hotels . Predictably tariffs reflect the resulting demand/supply imbalance , with a room in a modest three-star hotel coming in at around $ 600 per night . Those with a considerably bigger budget often choose to rent out whole apartments or chalets . A chalet sleeping up to ten people for the week can command as much as $ 60,000 - though catering might just be included . The right outfit It 's cold in Davos , very cold . At 5,052 ft  1,540 m  above see level , temperatures average -6 degrees Celsius  21.1 degrees Fahrenheit  in January . Thermal underwear , winter jackets and snow boots are a must , particularly when the temperature plummets in the evenings as you make your way to the various cocktail parties , meals and social events hosted by partner companies . It is not uncommon to see $ 2,000 bespoke suits finished off with bulky snow boots around the Congress Center . Spot the VIPs For an outsider , the gathering in Davos might look like a big party for anyone who matters in the world . In reality , the meeting in Davos is ruled by a strict hierarchy . Access to some places is strictly for a a few dozens of heads of state , royalty , the CEOs of global corporate giants and the heads of a veritable alphabet soup of international organizations . How do you spot the very , very important people among the 2,500 delegates ? Look for the badges . Anyone wearing a white badge is an official delegate , who got invited to the conference . Spouses of delegates and "  strategic partners , " who sponsor the WEF , have similar badges . The most exclusive badge , the kind that gets you access to the behind the scenes secret society  officially known as the Informal Gathering of World Economic Leaders  , is the one with a holographic sticker . Knowing where to go With all the above boxes ticked , it is essential to have a plan once you have run the gauntlet of airport-style security -- there are 4,000 Swiss troops in Davos this week -- and made it inside the newly-extended Congress Center with the correct color of identity pass . Some delegates do nothing but network with other delegates , oblivious to the feverish discussions going all around them about the post-crisis new reality . So delegates can spend four days roaming this cavernous indoor amphitheater attending conferences and workshops about everything from how the environment agenda will change in light of current trends and norms , to how music can transform communities and unite people . $ 40,000-per head well spent . READ MORE : Davos 2014 : Complete coverage Follow CNN reporters in Davos	World Economic Forum is strictly by invitation only , with 2,600 participants Average cost to a business to send each delegate is a whopping $ 20,000 Getting to Davos and then finding accomodation also hits the pocket hard Wealthier delegates can take a helicopter from Zurich to Davos for about $ 10,000
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- China 's prime minister lost no time displaying his country 's friendship to Pakistan after arriving Friday for a three-day visit . "  I hope to tell the world through my visit that China and Pakistan have been good friends , and we will continue to do so in the future , " Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao said , according to state-run Associated Press of Pakistan . The Chinese government will assist Pakistan by investing up to $ 30 billion in various sectors over the coming five years , Pakistan 's information minister told reporters after Wen met with his Pakistani counterpart , Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani . The information minister , Qamar Zaman Kaira , said the two countries ' representatives signed 13 agreements . Kaira predicted that China 's private sector would announce more investment during Saturday 's business summit in Islamabad . China 's delegation includes ministers , diplomats , members of the news media and 250 businessmen , according to the Associated Press of Pakistan . Friday 's agreements included Chinese aid to Pakistan 's flood victims -- in the form of cash and help rebuilding houses and roads -- as well as the opening of culture centers in both countries , aid in energy projects , student scholarships and trade . "  China has helped Pakistan with open hearts and continued its tradition to help its close friend , " Kaira said . Wen 's trip started out in a festive mood . Upon his arrival at Chaklala Air Base , he was greeted with a red carpet , gifts of flowers and a 21-gun salute . He had just been in India , Pakistan 's rival , for a three-day visit during which he participated in a business forum . Bilateral trade is expected to hit $ 60 billion this year , making China India 's largest trading partner . CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Nasir Habib contributed to this story from Islamabad .	China will make a $ 30 billion investment in Pakistan over five years Prime Minister Wen Jiabao met with his Pakistani counterpart The trip comes after Wen visited India
Hollywood , California  CNN  -- Celebrities extended sympathies Saturday throughout social media about the death of actor Larry Hagman , who gained fame as the villain J.R. Ewing on the TV series "  Dallas " during the 1970s and 1980s . Hagman , 81 , died Friday in a Dallas hospital of complications from cancer . Linda Gray , who played wife Sue Ellen Ewing on the TV drama , described Hagman as "  a true icon loved by so many . "  So sad to lose such a wonderful dear bigger than life friend , " Gray tweeted . "  Larry Hagman was one of a kind and will be with us all forever . " Patrick Duffy played brother Bobby Ewing and said Hagman was "  a fighter in the gentlest way , against his obstacles and for his friends . " "  I wear his friendship with honor , " Duffy said in a statement through his publicist . Joan Collins , who starred in "  Dynasty , " another prime time soap , tweeted : "  Oh no just heard about Larry , he was magnificent as JR & inspired me to play Alexis . RIP . " Other personalities remembered Hagman for his remarkable acting career , which also included playing opposite Barbara Eden in the 1960s sitcom "  I Dream of Jeannie . " On her Facebook page , Eden said Hagman was "  a whirlwind of big laughs , big smiles and unrestrained personality " with "  his Big Texas bravado . " She remembered their five-year TV series and "  that first day on Zuma Beach with him , in the frigid cold , " she wrote . Zuma Beach is in Malibu , California . Hagman ` one of my favorite people ' "  He was such a key element in my life for so long and even , years after ' I Dream of Jeannie , ' " Eden wrote . "  I , like many others believed he had beat Cancer and yet we are reminded that life is never guaranteed , " Eden said , extending condolences to his family . "  I can honestly say that we 've lost not just a great actor , not just a television icon , but an element of pure Americana , " Eden said . "  Dallas " executive producers Cynthia Cidre and Michael M. Robin , and Warner Bros. called Hagman 's J.R. Eming a "  globally recognized character . " "  He leaves a legacy of entertainment , generosity and grace , " they said in a statement . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Linda Gray , who played J.R. Ewing 's wife on ` Dallas , ' says Hagman was ` bigger than life ' Hagman 's J.R. Ewing inspired Joan Collins to play Alexis , Collins says Hagman was ` an element of pure Americana , ' says Barbara Eden of ' I Dream of Jeannie ' Hagmand died Friday of complications from cancer
Ars Technica  -- Google unveiled a new home server called Nexus Q on its Google Play store in the minutes before the company 's Google I/O conference in San Francisco began . Google bills the globe-like device as "  the first social streaming player . " It can be used as an amp to power speakers and can be connected to a TV . It is controllable by any Android device running Android 2.3 Gingerbread . At I/O , Google announced that the Nexus Q is an offshoot of Project Tungsten , the company 's home automation division . The black , spherical body of the server is fairly small at 4.6 inches in diameter , and it weighs 2 pounds , according to the product page . Inside the Nexus Q is an OMAP 4460 dual-core ARM Cortex A9 CPU with an SGX540 graphics core . The processor is accompanied by 1GB of RAM and 16GB of flash memory . According to the New York Times , the player "  has a single control : the volume can be turned up or down by grabbing and twisting the dome that makes up the top half of the device . " Google touted the Nexus Q as being designed to encourage "  general hackability , " though it did not elaborate further . The presenter did note that multiple Nexus Qs can be set up to work with one another throughout the house ; changing music on one changes it and plays it through the rest . Another use case mentioned was a collaborative playlist , where a bunch of friends hanging out with their Android devices can each contribute songs to the list from their Google Play accounts . As for movie-watching , the experience is meant to be seamless : users can start a movie on an Android tablet , pick it up again on their TV with the Nexus Q , and then stop and pick it up again on an Android smartphone . The Android 4.1 device 's ports include Micro HDMI , TOSLink Optical audio , Ethernet , micro AB USB  for service and support only , Google says  , and banana jack speaker outputs . Supported apps include Google Play Music , Google Play Movies and TV , and YouTube . The device is priced at $ 299 and will ship in July  the product page currently shows a 2-3 week ship time  . Google is also selling a pair of accessories to go with the Nexus Q : a pair of bookshelf speakers for $ 399 , and two speaker cables for $ 49 . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Google unveiled a new home server called Nexus Q on its Google Play store Google bills the globe-like device as "  the first social streaming player " Nexus Q can be used to power speakers or be connected to a TV The device is priced at $ 299 and will ship in July
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- If more women worked , Japan could add millions of employees to its rapidly shrinking workforce , a government study released Tuesday said . The key is better pay and a more flexible work culture . If women did not quit their jobs due to marriage or childbirth , the report says , Japan 's workforce would increase by up to 4.5 million people . Female workers numbered 27.7 million in the Japanese workforce in 2009 , compared to 38.4 million men . The annual document analyzes the role of women in the Japanese economy and , this year , urges more flexibility so women can maintain careers and raise children . There is a significant drop in the number of women working in their 30s , according to the report . Pay may be one of the reasons . Total compensation for women equals about 40 percent of what men make in Japan , the government said . Hourly wages for women are about 70 percent of that for their male counterparts . Although Japan has world 's second largest economy , it also has the world 's fastest aging population and one of the lowest birthrates on the planet . By 2050 , the government estimates 40 percent of Japan 's population will be over the age of 65 . The numbers represent a shrinking tax base for the Japanese economy -- one that has the world 's largest debt to gross-domestic-product ratio , at nearly 200 percent . Paying that debt off will be an increasing challenge for Tokyo , if the number of taxpayers dwindles every year .	Government report says women could boost Japanese workforce Report : flexibility would help women work and raise families Japan has world 's fastest-aging population and a low birthrate
Atlanta  CNN  -- Students at a school outside Atlanta were in hot water Wednesday after they reportedly hung a banner from their school 's roof that read , "  N -- a We Made It . " The sign at South Forsyth High School may have been meant to celebrate graduation , but struck many as offensive . "  This morning , without our knowledge , students placed a derogatory sign with a verse from a song by Drake on our school as a senior prank , " Principal Jeff Cheney said in a note to parents , referring to the rapper Drake . "  We removed it as soon as it was brought to our attention and deeply apologize for their behavior . This is unacceptable , and I promise you that the students will receive the appropriate consequences for their actions , " the principal said . Susan Newsome , a parent of a student at the school in Cumming , Georgia , said she first heard about the banner from the principal 's e-mail . "  South Forsyth has a very diverse population , so I was surprised and disappointed to hear that some students would think this banner was acceptable . It 's hard to know the intentions behind the actions of these students , but I ca n't help but think that they knew it would cause controversy , " she said . More than 70 % of the student population at South Forsyth High School is white , while more than 10 % is Hispanic , 12 % is Asian and less than 5 % is black , according to school statistics . "  Hopefully the actions today have initiated a lot of dinner conversation about how senior pranks should be lighthearted and clever , not mean-spirited and destructive , " Newsome added . According to CNN affiliate WSB , the banner was n't the only prank seniors pulled at the school . Students also reportedly turned a hallway into a slip and slide and put a for-sale sign on Cheney 's car . The principal told the affiliate that some pranks are fun , while others are just not acceptable . "  There 's many things I can live with , but the banner was what most offended me and our school . Even though it 's a popular song lyric that you appreciate and like does n't mean the whole world and our society in general are going to appreciate that , " Cheney said . Georgia school hosts first racially integrated prom CNN 's Haimy Assefa contributed to this report .	The sign at South Forsyth High School struck many as offensive School officials quickly took it down Principal promises to hold those responsible + accountable
CNN  Novak 's Djokovic 's preparations for the Australian Open were derailed Thursday by big-serving Croatian Ivo Karkovic as the world number one joined defending Qatar Open champion Rafael Nadal on the sidelines . Karlovic coped the better with the windy conditions to secure a 6-7 7-6 6-4 victory to reach the semifinals , a surprise even to the 35-year-old who described it as "  unbelievable " in his post-match interview . "  When I arrived here , I did n't expect that one . He was n't able to show his full range because it was windy . I just focused on my game and in the end I was a little luckier . " A tally of 21 took his total number of aces to 67 in three matches and Karlovic also showed his all-court game with 49 winners against the Serbian star . Djokovic , who had to pull out of the final of the Abu Dhabi exhibition tournament last weekend due to a fever , had shown little ill-effects in beating Dusan Lajovic and Sergiy Stakhovsky for the loss of only six games in earlier matches . But he but could not find a way past Karlovic , who has now beaten him twice in their three career meetings . Karlovic , who gained the crucial break of service in the deciding set , hit the 9,000 aces milestone on the ATP Tour on Monday and will next face Spain 's David Ferrer for a place in the final . Djokovic 's exit completed a sorry week for the big name attractions in the Qatari capital , with defending champion Rafael Nadal going out in straight sets to German qualifier Michael Berrer in his opener . It was Nadal 's first official match of his latest comeback after being hit by injury and illness at the back end of 2014 . Meanwhile , world number two Roger Federer was also made to struggle against Australian John Millman at the Brisbane International event earlier in the day . Federer lost the first set of the second round match before rallying to a 4-6 6-4 6-3 victory .	Novak Djokovic beaten in quarterfinals of Qatar Open in Doha Top seed loses to Croatian giant Ivo Karlovic Karlovic served 21 aces on the way to three-set victory Defending champion Rafael Nadal was first round casualty
New York  CNN  A federal jury at the New York trial of a Pakistani man allegedly involved in al Qaeda conspiracy to carry out attacks in New York and Europe will be the first presented with evidence seized at the 2011 raid in which Osama bin Laden was killed , a prosecutor said in opening statements Tuesday . Abid Naseer , 28 , who was arrested in 2009 in Manchester , England , where he had been living on a student visa , was described by Brooklyn federal prosecutor Celia Cohen as a "  key member " of a broad scheme to "  take innocent lives " during a series of failed attacks at a Manchester shopping center , a newsroom in Copenhagen and the subways of New York . Naseer , who is representing himself at trial , was flanked by a pair of U.S. Marshals as he delivered an opening statement . He called the charges false and said he went to Pakistan not to meet with al Qaeda operatives but to see his mother after she had bypass surgery . Naseer was allegedly named in paperwork found in the walled and fortified compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where Osama bin Laden , the former leader of al Qaeda , was killed in 2011 by a group of U.S. forces , including Navy SEALs , according to Cohen . One piece of evidence will be a letter in which bin Laden is updated on plans for the attacks in New York and Europe , Cohen told jurors . Naseer is accused of providing and conspiring to provide material support to al Qaeda and conspiracy to use a destructive device in relation to the British plot . He faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment if convicted . Cohen told jurors that evidence will show that Naseer received terrorist training in Pakistan and communicated with al Qaeda about the alleged plot using coded email messages under online addresses that appeared to belong to a female . "  The defendant was a key member in the conspiracy plot , " Cohen said . "  He planned a scheme to take innocent lives . " The bearded defendant , wearing a light yellow button-down shirt and black slacks , calmly told jurors during his opening that the charges against him were false . He concocted the email addresses to play pranks on friends and to meet women online , he said . His emails were innocent and not coded . Naseer also said he was in Britain looking for a wife , not planning an attack . He told jurors that he has "  no extremist or jihadi views " or affiliation with any terrorist network . The first witness for the prosecution was Najibullah Zazi , who allegedly cooperated with Naseer and pleaded guilty to terrorism charges . Also expected to testify is Zarein Ahmedzay . According to the indictment and other court filings , al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan in 2008 recruited Zazi , Ahmedzay and another suspect to conduct a suicide bombing attack in New York . The al Qaeda leaders communicated with Zazi about the plot through an al Qaeda facilitator named "  Ahmad " in Peshawar , Pakistan . In early September 2009 , Zazi , Ahmedzay and Adis Medunjanin allegedly selected the New York subway system as their target , and Zazi emailed with "  Ahmad " in Pakistan about the proper ingredients for the main charge explosive , which included flour and oil , according to court papers . Zazi pleaded guilty to his role in the plot in February 2010 ; Ahmedzay pleaded guilty in April 2010 ; and Medunjanin was convicted after trial in May 2012 . Naseer 's 2009 arrest in England was part of a massive sweep in connection with an alleged plot to carry out bomb attacks in Britain . He was extradited in January 2013 . CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this story .	Abid Naseer , 28 , who was arrested in 2009 in Manchester , England He allegedly was part of al Qaeda conspiracy to carry out attacks in New York and Europe Naseer , who is representing himself , denies the charges
Even though he has received threats , St. Louis Rams tight end Jared Cook stressed Wednesday that he did not intend disrespect toward police when he and other Rams players made the "  hands up , do n't shoot " gesture before Sunday 's game against the Oakland Raiders . Cook acknowledged to reporters Wednesday that he has received hateful messages on Facebook . "  Well , I mean that 's how people choose to operate their lives , " Cook said . "  I feel like as men , just like me and you , are communicating right now , and just like me and you are talking right now , we should be able to sit down and talk about our problems . There is no reason to send threats or to hype up a situation that 's already intensified . We can sit down and talk about our problems . If we ca n't , then let 's just agree to disagree . There 's no wrong in that . People have different opinions . People have different views . We 're grown . " Black St. Louis police officers : ` Hands up ' gesture by Rams players ` commendable ' When asked if he had received a lot of threats , Cook answered , "  Absolutely . " The gesture that Cook and teammates Stedman Bailey , Tavon Austin , Chris Givens and Kenny Britt made when taking the field Sunday is the same one protesters have used to decry the death of unarmed black teen Michael Brown . That angered the St. Louis Police Officers Association , saying the players "  chose to ignore the mountains of evidence released from the St. Louis County Grand Jury " after the jurors decided not to indict former Ferguson officer Darren Wilson . But Cook said Wednesday they respect police . "  Why would we come at the police in a disrespectful way when we work with the police in the community all of the time ? " Cook said . "  The police are up here every day . There were four police cars here this morning when I pulled into work . The police have picnics during the summer in our parking lot where they bring their kids and children to meet and greet and have fun with us . So why would I disrespect a group of men that we have complete respect for in the community that helps us every day ? " Cook said their action was an example of a peaceful protest . " ` Hands up , do n't shoot ' is not just a Ferguson thing , " Cook said . "  It 's a worldwide thing . People are doing it in New York . People are doing it in Florida . People are doing it on the West Coast . It 's not just about Ferguson . It 's a message worldwide that for young adults that you can protest and you can do things peacefully without getting out of line . " The NFL said earlier this week that the players wo n't be disciplined . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Rams tight end Jared Cook , other Rams made "  hands up , do n't shoot " gesture Sunday Cook says he intended no disrespect to police He also says he has received hateful messages and threats on Facebook
CNN  Now that the holidays are over , there 's a lot of activity bubbling up in the 2016 presidential race , especially on the Republican side . Here 's a brief look at what 's been happening and what we can expect to see from prospective candidates in coming weeks . Bush says same-sex marriage fight already decided The state of Florida is gearing up to start issuing same-sex marriages as early as this week after a federal judge ruled in August that the state 's voter-approved same-sex marriage ban was unconstitutional . But former governor , Jeb Bush , said Sunday the decision should have been left to the states , appearing to stand by the 2008 amendment that defines marriage as between a man and a woman . "  It ought be a local decision . I mean , a state decision , " Bush told the Miami Herald . "  The state decided . The people of the state decided . But it 's been overturned by the courts , I guess . " His comments were consistent with previous measured statements by Bush , who left office in 2007 . As governor , he was against same-sex marriage , but he did n't try lobby too hard at the time to back the same-sex marriage amendment of 2008 . And in 2013 , Bush warned in a speech that Republicans were becoming known for being "  anti-gay , " as well as "  anti-immigrant , anti-woman , anti-science " and "  anti-worker . " "  The face of the Republican Party needs to be the face of every American , and we need to be the party of inclusion and acceptance , " Bush said at the Conservative Political Action Conference . Can Christie turn his love for the Cowboys into campaign cash ? New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie schmoozed with  and bear-hugged  Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones in the owner 's box Sunday night . While Christie has said the two have been developing a friendship over the past five years , their relationship is coming under renewed attention now that Christie is angling for a possible presidential bid . Christie 's friendship with Jones could help expand his donor network in Texas , a state where Gov. Rick Perry and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush -- two potential competitors -- have deep ties to many wealthy contributors . Asked on WFAN 's "  Boomer & Carton " radio show Monday if he thinks he can carry Texas now , should he run for president , Christie joked : "  I think our chances have improved . " He said he hopes to go to the Cowboys playoff game next weekend against the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field in Wisconsin . Asked if he 'll pay a visit to Gov. Scott Walker , a potential 2016 rival for the GOP presidential nomination , while he 's there , Christie said : "  Of course . Scott and I are friends , and I 'll see Scott . " Christie will have to squeeze the football games into his busy schedule this month as the former Republican Governors Association chairman travels to multiple states for gubernatorial inaugurations . He 's already slated to visit ceremonies in Florida , Maryland , Iowa , South Carolina , Massachusetts , Illinois and Ohio . He 's also attending a social conservative gathering in Iowa on Jan. 24 along with other potential 2016 Republican contenders . And on February 12 , he 's speaking at a Lincoln Day Dinner in the Chicago area hosted by Northwest Suburban Republican . Bobby Jindal going to Iowa Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is n't attending the Iowa event on Jan. 24 , but he 's still grabbing some face time with Iowa evangelical leaders when he heads to the Hawkeye State on Tuesday . First reported by the Des Moines Register , Jindal will meet with pastors in Cedar Rapids and Des Moines at closed-door events sponsored by the American Renewal Project . Jindal 's political spokesman said Jindal plans to talk about the prayer and fasting event he 's leading in Louisiana on Jan. 24 , the same day as the freedom summit in Iowa . Rand Paul 's wife hitting the  Kentucky  road Kelley Paul , the wife of Republican Sen. Rand Paul , is set to start her book tour of her upcoming title , "  True and Constant Friends , " scheduled to release in April . Paul will make multiple stops in Kentucky this week to talk about her book , a collection of essays about women , including her grandmother . As he gears up for a likely presidential bid , Rand Paul has frequently mentioned that he 's still waiting for his wife to sign off on a White House run . We 'll be watching this week to see if she 's asked about her husband 's aspirations . In August , she cautioned in a radio interview that launching a presidential campaign is "  something that you do n't go into lightly . " "  Being in the public eye is hard on a family and a marriage , " she added . "  It 's not a typical job where you just go to work and do your job , there are huge demands on your time and , obviously , there are going to be a lot of people attacking you ... and that 's part of it , that 's part of politics , but it 's on such a high scale when you 're running for President , so we 're thinking about it but not 100 % there yet obviously . " Kelley Paul , a former political consultant , has worked with her husband on speeches and other writings . Her husband is also set to release a book this spring . Huckabee takes big step toward presidential bid Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee announced Saturday that he 's ending his weekly Fox News to explore the idea of a presidential bid , a final decision he says he wo n't make until the spring . The move marked yet another serious step taken by a potential contender , following Jeb Bush 's announcement last month that he 'd be actively exploring a bid and was stepping down from his corporate board memberships . A source close to Huckabee 's political operation said the decision to leave Fox has been long in the works and argued Bush 's timing had "  zero " impact on Huckabee 's strategy . Huckabee , who ran for president in 2008 and won the Iowa caucuses , will spend the next few months promoting his new book and focusing on securing the financial footing that he lacked in 2008 to sustain a prolonged campaign . "  If he decides to run this time , I think that 's something we will be able to remedy , " the source said . "  It 's one of the things that he learned eight years ago : make sure you have the financial resources to compete . " He 's also attending to the Iowa Freedom Summit later this month and stopping in the early primary state of South Carolina for his book tour . CNN 's Maeve Reston and Dan Merica contributed to this report .	Jeb Bush says same-sex marriage decisions should be left to voters , not judges Chris Christie showed off his Dallas Cowboys fandom and schmoozed with owner Jerry Jones Mike Huckabee ended his weekly Fox News show to spend more time exploring a presidential bid Bobby Jindal is going to Iowa to meet with evangelical leaders
CNN  -- A Boston-area man , who was planning to kidnap children , lock them in a basement dungeon , rape and eat them , should be imprisoned for at least 27 years , federal authorities said in court documents filed this week . Geoffrey Portway pleaded guilty in May to distribution and possession of child pornography and solicitation to commit a crime of violence , according to court documents . He is scheduled to be sentenced on September 17 . "  Portway has pled guilty to some of the most vile and heinous crimes known to our society , " federal prosecutors wrote in a sentencing recommendation . But a lawyer for the 40-year-old defendant told CNN his client "  lived in a fantasy world " and there was no evidence he harmed any child . Ex-PTA president accused of making child porn at elementary school Portway went by the moniker "  Fat Longpig " during his online chats , according to court documents . It was these chats that put Portway on the radar screen of police . Pretzel bag leads feds to child porn suspect in California When his home in Worcester was searched last year , authorities found tens of thousands of computer images and videos of child pornography and 4,500 exchanges of child pornography between Portway and the people he chatted with online . The images included children being cooked and prepared to be eaten , court documents said . Those photographs are sealed . Authorities also found a locked basement , court documents show . Photos taken the day of Portway 's arrest , and released by prosecutors , show a narrow wooden staircase leading downstairs to a soundproof room . It was furnished with a metal cage with a circular hole for feeding , a rusted and worn steel-topped table , as well as multiple kinds of metal bondage equipment . A child-sized coffin made of plywood was found on the floor nearby . Portway 's lawyer , Richard J. Sweeney , told CNN that Tuesday 's sentencing hearing will be "  the proper time to address all the issues addressed by the government . " But he added , "  There 's no evidence at all of Geoffrey being involved with any child or harming any child . " "  Geoffrey lived in a fantasy world where he did live-action role playing , did things online unrelated to child porn and cannibalism . A lot of the chats that he had were , in his mind , fantasy , " Sweeney said . "  When they went out to the other people he was talking to , these other people actually had kids they were taking photos of . Geoffrey did not have any kids he had abducted , though he certainly talked about it . " Photographs reviewed by CNN show handcuffs , rope intended for bondage , mouth gags , and castration tools . A large box of frozen raw chicken , near a handful of disposable scalpels , was photographed by investigators near two industrial-sized freezers . In the kitchen , a jug of bleach was seen by the doorway , while a red child-sized "  onesie " lay on the countertop , amid snacks and disposable syringes . A butcher kit containing plastic gloves , multiple knives and other items was photographed in the sink . Among a DVD collection , the documents show , were titles such as "  Human Beast , " "  Hansel and Gretel , " "  The Real Cannibal Holocaust , " "  The Genesis Children , " "  Cannibal the Musical , " and "  Cannibal Ferox , " a film with the tagline "  Make them die slowly . " Google seeks to scrub web of child porn Online chats , seized by police , showed Portway call his basement a "  dungeon " where he intended to "  keep kidnapped children while he sexually abused them and as a place to eventually murder and cannibalize the children . " Two other men who chatted with Portway have already been convicted . Smartphone app hunts for child predators One was a puppeteer who , authorities say , plotted with Portway to kidnap children the puppeteer knew from his work at a local Florida church . "  Portway 's collection is truly chilling and demonstrates a real risk based upon which the Court should sentence Portway to a substantial term of years in order to protect the public , " prosecutors said . Florida man linked to 1 million child porn videos , images CNN 's Deborah Feyerick and Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Geoffrey Portway "  lived in a fantasy world , " his lawyer says Prosecutors say Portway has admitted to "  vile and heinous crimes " He is scheduled to be sentenced on September 17 Investigators found a soundproof room with a metal cage in his basement , court documents show
CNN  -- Alabama legislators passed several restrictive abortion bills this week , including one that could mean felony charge against any doctor performing such a procedure on a woman who 'd been pregnant as little as six weeks . The four measures easily passed the state 's House of Representatives on Tuesday , and they still need to go through the Senate and be signed by Gov. Robert J. Bentley to become law . Both of those steps are real possibilities , given Alabama 's conservative bent and the fact the Senate , like the House , is Republican dominated and Bentley belongs to that party . Still , even if all that happens , it 's no guarantee that all of the measures will become law . Last year , North Dakota passed its own law to ban abortions when a fetal heartbeat is detected -- much like one passed Tuesday , by an overwhelming 73-29 margin , by Alabama representatives . But a federal judge , Daniel Hovland , subsequently granted a temporary injunction blocking the law 's enforcement because its pre-viability provisions were "  invalid and unconstitutional . " In his decision , the judge said "  there is no question " that the law known as HB 1456 directly contradicts a "  litany " of Supreme Court cases that address restraints on abortion , including Roe v. Wade . Judge blocks restrictive North Dakota abortion law Like that North Dakota legislation , the Alabama law does not mention abortions being allowed in cases of rape or incest . The only exception is when not having an abortion "  is likely to result in the death of the pregnant woman or is likely to result in substantial and irreversible impairment of a major bodily function of the pregnant woman , not including psychological or emotional conditions . Doctors would be required to check for a fetal heartbeat . If they do n't , they 'd be charged with a Class C felony . They would be similarly charged if they check and find a heartbeat , then perform an abortion .  The pregnant woman would not face charges . "  In almost every medical situation , the litmus test to determine the need for continued medical treatment is the existence of a pulse , " state Rep. Mary Sue McClurkin , a sponsor of the bill , said in a statement . "  We owe the same respect and reverence to the life of an unborn child that we would pay to any person facing a medical emergency . " As the National Institutes of Health and other experts and groups note , a fetus ' heartbeat typically can not be detected until at least 6 weeks into a woman 's pregnancy . The Alabama and North Dakota laws , then , would effectively ban abortions beyond that point -- making them the most restrictive such laws in the country . A number of states have passed abortion bans after 20 weeks , such as Texas , Nebraska , Kansas , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Indiana and Alabama . Arkansas has a ban in place for pregnancies beyond 12 weeks . Some states have no time limit , while others allow abortion up to the end of the second trimester , which is about 27 or 28 weeks into one 's pregnancy . In addition to McClurkin 's bill -- which is dubbed the Fetal Heartbeat Act -- the Alabama state representatives chamber also passed a measure increasing the required wait time before an abortion is performed from 24 to 48 hours . Another bill states that a woman must be informed about perinatal hospital services as alternatives to abortion when a fetus is found to have a condition that will likely result in death within three months of birth . The pregnant woman must then state , in writing , that she is declining such hospice services . Lastly , a fourth bill toughens parental consent requirements for minors seeking abortions . They can go through the courts to try to get the chance to have such a procedure without a parent or legal guardian 's consent . And the bill also prohibits parents from coercing a minor into having an abortion . House Speaker Mike Hubbard lauded these bills and others , saying he is "  proud to lead the House at a time when we have enacted more pro-life protections than at any other period in Alabama history . " "  In Alabama , we will fight tooth and nail to preserve and protect the life of the unborn until the liberal , activist Supreme Court decision making abortion legal in the United States is overturned , " Hubbard said . "  Republicans in the Alabama House believe that life begins at conception and that a heartbeat is evidence of a viable life that deserves to be defended . " But Nikema Williams , an official with Planned Parenthood Southeast , sharply criticized the measure , including the so-called Fetal Heartbeat Act , which she noted would bar abortions "  before some women even realize they are pregnant . " "  It 's part of an extreme agenda to restrict all abortions under any circumstances in the state of Alabama , " she said from Montgomery , one of five Alabama cities that have abortion clinics . "  All of these are another attack on women 's healthcare . " And the American Civil Liberties Union of Alabama called out the legislators for passing bills that will "  invite litigation  that  will cost the state dearly . " "  This callous and reckless behavior proves that politicians are n't conscious of Alabama citizens or the financial catastrophe that this state is in and are more interested in pandering than they are in solving the problems facing Alabama , " the ACLU said . This is n't the first time Alabama legislators have passed a restrictive abortion law that 's brought opposition and possible interference from the courts . Last July , U.S. District Judge Myron H. Thompson issued a temporary restraining order that blocks Alabama from enforcing a key portion of a new abortion law that requires doctors at an abortion clinic to have admitting privileges at a local hospital . The state had argued the measure is designed to protect the health of a patient . The plaintiffs call it medically unnecessary due to the safety of abortion procedures and said enforcement of the section will force them to shut down . Judge bars Alabama from enforcing provision in abortion law	Alabama legislators pass 4 restrictive abortions bills ; none are state law -- yet One would charge doctors for doing abortions if there 's a fetal heartbeat detected Others deal with consent , mother 's sign-off if their unborn child as a fatal defect The ACLU says these bills will "  invite litigation  that  will cost the state dearly "
Can the world get enough vertical drop views over familiar destinations ? It seems not . After the Grand Canyon , Chicago 's Willis Tower and , more recently , the Eiffel Tower in Paris installed glass walkways offering vertigo-inducing perspectives , London has followed suit . The city 's Tower Bridge , a 120-year-old crossing over the River Thames , is the latest structure to join the club with a see-through walkway that allows visitors to gaze down from 42 meters  138 feet  . The walkway , the first structural alteration to the bridge since 1980s , passes over the west side of the bridge . A second walkway on the east side is to open December 1 . During construction , it was known as the "  wow project " -- and with good reason . Visitors to the attraction can look down to see London 's red buses and black cabs zip beneath their feet or gaze at the bridge 's impressive steel latticework . There are also spectacular views over the city 's skyline . If they 're lucky , or plan in advance , visitors will also get to watch the bridge being raised to allow tall shipping to pass beneath .	New glass walkway offers views from 42 meters above London 's River Thames Attraction follows the opening of similar walkways at the Eiffel Tower and Grand Canyon Second walkway due to open on December 1
CNN  -- Real Madrid Football Club has unveiled world-record transfer signing Gareth Bale to thousands of fans inside the Bernabeu Stadium . The former Tottenham Hotspur winger , who cost the Spanish giants a reported $ 132 million  Â # 85 million  , was officially welcomed by Real Madrid President Florentino Perez at a press conference on Monday . The 24-year-old said it was "  absolutely amazing " to have joined the Spanish giants adding he hoped to help the team to success and win a 10th European Cup this season . A suited Bale then changed into his new kit before stepping out on to the pitch to greet hoards of adoring Madrid fans . Earlier , Perez praised the Welsh Intenational who has been named Footballer of the Year in England twice and scored 26 goals in 44 appearances for Tottenham Hotspur last season . Read more : Bale becomes latest ` Galactico ' "  We are in this temple of Real Madrid to incorporate a new man who knows very clearly what are the values of this club , " Perez said . "  A man who has been chosen as the best player in the Premier League last season . A young footballer but with great qualities , committed to the sport and whose dream has been to be a Real Madrid player . Read more : Transfer deadline day latest "  Gareth you are going to help us to make the legend of this club even greater and stronger . This is your stadium , your shirt , your badge and your fans . From today this is your home . " The Welshman passed a medical on Monday morning with flying colors according to the head of Real Madrid 's medical team , Carlos Diez . Read more : Award-winner Bale destined for greatness ? "  As always , we follow a protocol and we have done all the investigations and all the cardiorespiratory and biomechanical studies and the truth is that he is in excellent physical condition and available for the coaching staff when they see fit. , " Diez said in a statement on the Real Madrid website . "  I highlight the physical condition he is in . He arrives at the club a physical marvel and we think he will serve the club well , " he added . Bale 's unveiling at the Bernabeu concludes this summer 's most high profile and protracted transfer saga . The Welshman has made no secret of his desire to join Madrid admitting it was a "  dream come true " on Tottenham Hotspur 's website on Sunday . Blog : Is Bale money distasteful ? "  I am not sure there is ever a good time to leave a club where I felt settled and was playing the best football of my career to date , " Bale 's statement read . "  I know many players talk of their desire to join the club of their boyhood dreams , but I can honestly say , this is my dream come true . " Spurs chairman , Daniel Levy said it was never his wish to sell Bale , but the club were forced to bow to the inevitable . "  Such has been the attention from Real Madrid and so great is Gareth 's desire to join them , that we have taken the view that the player will not be sufficiently committed to our campaign in the current season , " Levy told Tottenham 's website . Bale has agreed a six-year contract with Madrid which will see him reportedly earn around $ 13.2 million a year after tax . The reported $ 132 million  Â # 85 millon  fee sees Madrid break their own world transfer record set when they signed Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United for $ 124.6 million  Â # 80 million  in 2009 .	World-record signing unveiled by Spanish giants at news conference in Madrid Bale says it feels "  absolutely amazing " to join the La Liga club The 24-year-old winger joins from Tottenham Hotspur for reported $ 132 million
CNN  -- What does it mean when 86 percent of the Americans surveyed last week by CNN/Opinion Research Corp. say they believe that their system of government is broken ? It probably means , Michael Kazin says , that Americans are behaving like they always do . A repeated theme in American history , says Kazin , a historian at Georgetown University , "  is Americans believing the country is in decline and then finding ways to rebound from both the fear of decline and the problems that gave rise to that fear . " There is reason for optimism , says Kazin , who specializes in populist movements and is the editor of The Princeton Encyclopedia of American Political History . For one thing , populist movements similar to , for example , Tea Parties , have reared up repeatedly in American history to rail against social inequities and faltering financial systems . But rather than heralding the end of the republic , he says , they "  often spur politicians to make changes that in the end make the country stronger . " What optimism ? For another view , click here Americans apparently understand this : Of the 86 percent in the survey who thought the government was broken , 81 percent say that it could be fixed . "  Most Americans are still optimistic about the future of the country , " Kazin says , "  and even of politics . " Kazin 's most recent book is "  A Godly Hero : The Life of William Jennings Bryan . " He is also co-editor of Dissent magazine . He talked to CNN.com last week  the interview has been edited for length  . CNN : You have said that the United States is doing rather well , and that what is in decline is a myth that America will always be richer , freer , and superior to other nations . So the country is not in decline ? Kazin : I think we are in trouble , but that 's not the same as saying we 're in decline . We have an economic crisis , unsolved problems , our political situation is deadlocked , many Americans are unhappy with the government . But we 've been there before . In the 1930 's there was such a period : the Great Depression . And what came afterward was victory in World War II and then the greatest sustained economic boom in American history . One of the continuing themes in American history is Americans believing the country is in decline and then finding ways to rebound from both the fear of decline and the problems that gave rise to that fear . I see no reason to believe that wo n't happen again . CNN : Why do some people think America 's greatness is waning ? Kazin : Many Americans believe that the United States is immune from history , that we have always been the greatest nation and are destined always to be the greatest nation -- and if we are n't living up to that promise , our politicians are doing something wrong . But the United States is doing well from the perspective of most of the rest of the world . If decline means that we are not the mightiest economy in the world by a long shot , then we might be declining . But it 's also quite possible that what we 're evolving into is being part of an interdependent world economy , which includes several powerful economic centers -- including Europe , China , Japan -- and if we can all get along together , it 's quite possible that it 'll be better for Americans rather than worse . " CNN : How would it be better ? Kazin : We would specialize in certain goods and certain services and other countries would specialize in others . That 's the way a world economy is supposed to work . We have tended to see our position vis-á-vis the rest of the world as a zero-sum game : if we are in decline , then the other countries must be gaining on us and that means we 're worse off , that our economy will decline and we 'll be vulnerable to threats from abroad . There have been periods in history where several powerful nations have been able to prosper together . -LSB- For example -RSB- roughly the period from the 1870s to World War I . That was also known as the Age of Empire , so the U.S. and European nations were conquering other peoples . But history does n't produce eras of unambiguous joy or unambiguous sorrow , it 's always more complicated than that . CNN : Can you talk about periods in history that resemble this one , but in which the country has miraculously pulled itself together and become better ? Kazin : There was a lot of fear of decline in the 1890s : a nationwide railroad strike , small farmers in the south and west joined the People 's Party ; the populist movement was gaining large numbers of adherents who accused the powers that be of a conspiracy against the interests of the common people . CNN : What happened ? Kazin : What happened was the depression ended and prosperity returned , and the United States soon became the most powerful industrial nation on earth . CNN : And what about the People 's Party ? Kazin : Some Populists rejoined the mainstream political system , but the populist movement was very beneficial in pointing out problems that needed to be addressed . The Populists helped build support for national regulation of the financial system -- which resulted in the Federal Reserve System -- as well as the income tax and the Tillman Act of 1907 , which banned direct corporate contributions to candidates . " CNN : Why do most of the fears of America 's decline seem to come from the political right wing and not as much from the left ? Kazin : Barack Obama is in power and most people on the left supported him and so they are ambivalent about opposing him now ; if he fails , they will have failed . The whole idea of a populist movement is rail against the establishment , in this case , the party in power . Conservative ideas have been the dominant ones over the past 40 years , the way liberal ideas were dominant from the Great Depression to the late 1960s . The left does n't have institutions that can generate mass protests right now . Just as with the original populists and the labor insurgency of the 1930 's , the actual demands that are raised by the populist movements do n't usually get met but the issues that are raised by those movements often spur politicians to make changes that in the end make the country stronger . CNN : So do you discern this vibe of pessimism in the culture -- a population beaten down by wars , a lousy economy , joblessness , etc. ? Kazin : Not beaten down . I think people are worried -- as they are in any recession , as they are when the political system seems not to be delivering solutions to problems people know exist . But there are a lot for ways in which the nation is quite strong . First of all , we have a very vibrant culture that is popular all over the world -- in sports , in entertainment -- our universities are considered the best in the world , people come from all over to study in the United States . And this is still the country to which most people would like to emigrate . Millions of people are n't trying to get into Russia , or Nigeria , or Japan . We 're not going to return to manufacturing inexpensive goods anytime soon -- but at the same time we 'll still produce high-tech goods , we have service industry that we export around the world -- people who build things . We still have some of the best engineers in the world , and I think once we realize that we have to produce green technology , we 'll be exporting that around the world . This recession was fairly deep and millions of people are still suffering . But compared to the Great Depression it 's been rather mild and short . I think the stimulus plan helped , I think bailing out the investment firms and the auto companies was also necessary . Morally , those huge Wall Street bonuses are reprehensible . But , absent a government takeover of the financial sector , keeping Wall Street in business was essential to any recovery . In every downturn , the government has stepped in to help stabilize things , and in every downturn , it 's worked . " CNN : And you think that will be the case again . Kazin : The one thing I point to as decline is the gap between the richest Americans and average Americans has increased quite a bit . There are a lot of reasons for that , but in a society where most people consider themselves to be middle-class that we are "  one people , " that gap should be troubling . It helps to generate a certain kind of populist rage -- about those bonuses , for example . Few Americans want an equal distribution of income , but most do believe in economic fairness , and so they get angry when one group seems to be gaming the system . Will this mean decline ? Not for the nation as a whole , but it may increase cynicism that there 's nobody able to solve our problems .	Michael Kazin says Americans ' worry about U.S. decline is repeated through history Americans may have to accept prospering with others , he says Fear of decline sparks populism , which often spurs positive change , he says Kazin : U.S. is strong , especially in culture , entertainment , services , intellectual capital
CNN  -- Iran executed a man in a rare public hanging in Tehran on Wednesday morning , local media reported . The man , identified only as "  Yaqub , " was convicted of stabbing a man to death in broad daylight in October , said the official Islamic Republic News Agency . The public hanging , which was attended by the victims ' family and large crowds of onlookers , took place in the main square of the affluent northern Tehran neighborhood of Sa'adat Abad . The October murder sparked outrage amongst Tehran residents after videos of the stabbing surfaced on the Internet and were replayed on Iranian state television . The killing took place in front of two police officers , the news agency said . Although executions are common in Iran , public ones are not . A death sentence can be handed down for crimes from murder to adultery . The latest execution brings the total number this year to 20 , according to a CNN count from local media reports . On Monday , Iranian authorities hanged seven convicted drug traffickers in the city of Kermanshah , the news agency said . Amnesty International says Iran only trails China in the number of executions worldwide .	The man is convicted of stabbing another in broad daylight , news agency says Executions are common in Iran ; public ones are not Amnesty International : Iran trails China in the number of executions worldwide
CNN  -- Richard Blystone was CNN 's senior correspondent in Europe throughout 1989 , witnessing and reporting on the momentous events of that year from the first protests in the communist Eastern Bloc to the fall of the Berlin Wall and revolution in Romania . CNN 's Richard Blystone reports from the former Iron Curtain in 1990 . The following year Blystone traveled the length of the former Iron Curtain to report on the new Europe emerging from its shadow . Here he recalls how the the divided continent had simply become the only reality that most people knew . It was there . Like the stop sign on the street or the wastebasket in the corner of the living room . Like a long , long overcast day . Just there . Growing up in America the Cold War , the East-West confrontation and the prospect of Mutually Assured Destruction were so prosaic you never really thought much about them . You could n't remember anything different . The situation seemed as immutable as the profile of the mountain tops or the patterns of stars in the night sky . And then , when I was 53 , in the length of a football season , it was gone . If you 're reading this online , chances are you do n't remember and ca n't ever know what it was like in the days before the collapse of communism . There was "  Duck and Cover , " a jingly film that showed little American children what to do in the event of nuclear attack . In later years , the black humor . Tom Lehrer 's line about "  someone will set the spark off and we will all be blown away . " Nothing to get excited about . If you were male , the U.S. draft loomed ahead , promising to take anything from six months to four years from your civilian life . Maybe more than that if you were in the Korea or Vietnam age group . During the Cuban missile crisis of 1962 , I was flying back and forth over the North Atlantic in a Navy patrol plane for 15 hours a day , not knowing what the hell was going on , trying not to dwell on the orders that could send us on a one-way mining trip to Murmansk Harbor if the balloon went up . For Germans and others along the line that divided Europe , the symbols of the threat of war were still harder to ignore . In Hungary in 1956 and in Czechoslovakia in 1968 Soviet troops had helped crush efforts to loosen Moscow 's grip . But ignore them they did . "  We could n't think about the wall , so we did n't , " said the mayor of a West German village standing right on the border , when we talked to him in 1990 . "  The bushes had eyes , " West German border guard Ernst Wackernagel told us , describing the creepy job of patrolling a few yards from the binoculars and guns of their East German counterparts . Very few of the people we taxpayers paid to know about such things had any idea how close the collapse was . A couple of years before , the former West German chancellor Helmut Schmidt had advised me tartly to quit asking whether Germany would ever be reunited . Not in his lifetime or mine , he said . When it came , we were all surprised we had n't seen it coming . The Poles and Hungarians had been levering into chinks in the wall for years . The rulers of the Eastern Bloc were largely aged , ossified , inflexible and corrupt , and those who served them were all that plus scared . Their system was beyond repair . Along came Mikhail Gorbachev , the first Soviet leader born after the Russian revolution , who saw things as they were and was tired of pouring money into a clapped-out old car . He became a hero to young people in the East . Near the end of August , activists from East and West had celebrated a "  Pan European Picnic " on the now-neutered border between Hungary and Austria . A few weeks later , the rush was on . CNN poured resources into the story . I was there , and will always be glad that I was . Poland , Germany , Czechoslovakia , Bulgaria . And finally , at the end of the year , poor tortured , abused Romania threw off the system in what I found the most emotionally charged days of the whole upheaval . But I was never satisfied with the way the West received it all . We had become used to instant gratification , and this was an example . The drama was over , the commercials came on , and world was supposed to live happily ever after . And it did n't . The whole experience made me realize that liberty is not a thing . It is a way of life . If you do n't practice it , you do n't have it . A couple of months later , three of us made a journey along the line to check on what was happening . We called it the Iron Curtain Odyssey . But that 's another story ...	"  Iron Curtain " dividing Europe felt permanent to those who grew up after WWII Former senior correspondent Richard Blystone covered momentous events of 1989 Blystone : East-West divide was "  like a long , long overcast day " Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev recognized system was "  clapped-out old car "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has charged six guards accused of assaulting detainees in May at Camp Bucca in Iraq , naval officials said Thursday . U.S. guards patrol at Camp Bucca in Iraq in May . The Army Criminal Investigation Division investigated alleged incidents that left two detainees with minor bruises . The division also investigated an incident in which eight prisoners were confined overnight to a housing cell that had been sprayed with a riot control agent , the Navy said . The six guards will face courts-martial . Seven other cases have been resolved through nonjudicial punishment , according to a statement from the commander of U.S. Naval Forces-Central Command . The courts-martial are expected to start within 30 days at Camp Bucca , which is in southern Iraq near the Kuwaiti border . The guards accused in the case are assigned to Navy Provisional Detainee Battalion 4 .	Navy guards accused of assaulting detainees at Camp Bucca Eight prisoners were confined to cell sprayed with riot control agent , Navy says Navy : Two detainees allegedly left with minor bruises
London  CNN  -- Famed for his rugged , immense portraits of the American West , Ansel Adams regularly tops lists of the 20th century 's greatest nature photographers . Adams has won countless awards , including the highest U.S. civilian honor , the Presidential Medal of Freedom . In his home country , he is one of the few photographers to have become a household name , following a 50-year career in which he captured some of the most iconic images of American National Parks and the country 's immense mountain ranges . Today , he is rarely the subject of the intense , approving attention he once was during his lifetime -- his endlessly reproduced photographs appearing to have lost the ability to enrapture and surprise viewers . An exhibition at the UK 's National Maritime Museum in London plans to wash away viewer 's apathy . Philippa Simpson , the museum 's touring exhibitions manager , aims to re-energize engagement with Adams ' photographs by drawing attention to the life imparted into his images by the irrepressible movement of water . The exhibition -- subtitled "  Photography from the Mountains to the Sea " -- is showing over 100 prints from the artist . "  Adams was a coastal boy and the interest in the sea , and water more generally , permeated his entire career , " says Simpson . "  By concentrating on that as a theme for the exhibition , we felt it was a challenge in a way to the image of Ansel Adams that has been passed down as a rather conservative photographer -- and we tried to draw out from the archives an alternative history of him as an artist . " As an avid explorer of California 's Golden Gate coast , water reappears in all its forms through Adams ' body of work . Refocusing the viewer 's attention on the running rivers , cloud , snow and ice in the images on display allowed Simpson to combine lesser-known photographs with Adams ' most celebrated works , she says . "  For us , what we really wanted to do was give a sense of the trajectory of his career -- how he 's come to be known , which is by his photography of the mountains specifically -- and then to say : we 're moving on from that . " "  It 's a subject that allowed  Adams  to play , which is why you get a huge variety . " Born in a suburb of coastal San Francisco in 1902 , Adams was the only child of a family who found wealth in the logging and freight trades and , soon after , lost it in the stock market panic of 1907 . Adams experimented with a "  pictorialist " style in his youth , producing some rarely-displayed photographs where he applied soft focus and hand-manipulated negatives to replicate the style of a landscape painter . But it was his later photographs , featuring meticulous composition and striking pinpoint clarity , for which Adams , who died in 1984 , became famous . The art critic Nancy Newhall , a contemporary of Adams , described the "  extreme depth of focus and extreme rendition of textures " that characterized his photographs . She tells how he was fascinated with the camera as a tool to both stop time at a precise moment and defy the capabilities of the human eye , bringing great spans of distance into sharp focus and creating exaggeratedly high-contrast black and white frames . The Maritime Museum 's exhibition explores how Adams ' depiction of water changes as he developed from the pictorialism 's impressionistic style to forge the crisp modernism for which he is now know . Simpson describes how vast movements of water -- frozen in time by Adams ' trademark razor-sharp shooting -- bring life to one of the most well-worn images on display in the exhibition . Adams ' "  Clearing Winter Storm " is a grandiose view of a Yosemite rock face capped by snow , obscured by parting cloud and penetrated by a rushing waterfall . "  It includes water in all its forms and speaks to the ideas of a fleeting moment -- the sort of ephemeral moment . It is a clearing storm , so that suggests a before and after and a sort of narrative within the picture , " Simpson says . "  It 's also a picture which I think looks very muscular and very solid and very geological . It kind of concentrates on these rocky forms , but actually it 's animated by a waterfall and by the dusting of snow and ice across the foreground . " While many visitors will continue to greet such images with awe , the criticism -- which the curator hopes to confront -- is also nothing new . During the Great Depression of the 1930s , his human-free landscapes drew scorn for romanticizing a "  wilderness " that was already colonized by tourism and for cropping out man 's influence . During this time , prominent French photojournalist Henri Cartier-Bresson complained : "  The world is going to pieces , and people like Adams ... are photographing rocks ! " In 1952 , Adams co-founded 5 Associates , a postcard printing company which today offers lithographic posters , seasonal greetings cards and month-by-month calendars bearing Adams ' images -- all of which have contributed to the ubiquity of his work . Simpson hopes a splash of water can flush out some of the best-loved qualities of his work and counter the perception of Adams as a capturer of lifeless landscapes . "  The idea of the shifting landscape is really important : that this was something which is always developing and changing , it 's not something which is static and monumental . " The exhibition runs until April 28 2013 .	Over 100 prints by the famous U.S. photographer on show at UK 's National Maritime Museum Adams ' photos of American West noted for meticulous composition and image clarity Photographer 's work endlessly reprinted but exhibition hopes to re-energize engagement
Madrid  CNN  -- Spanish investigators are trying to figure out how a 5-month-old baby died on a baggage carousel at an airport in Alicante . A spokeswoman for Spain 's airport authority , AENA , said Thursday it 's not clear how the baby ended up on the baggage belt for oversized luggage . "  The baby was on the baggage carousel , but could not have gotten there alone . Someone had to put the baby there . I do n't know how the baby got there , " said the airport spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . The infant 's mother , an American woman , arrived at the airport late Wednesday on a flight from London 's Gatwick airport with her baby and another young child , the spokeswoman said . The father , who is Canadian , was already there waiting at the Alicante airport , she added . The baggage carousel is a flat , black rubber-type belt that moves only in one direction and is only activated when oversized bags are sent out on it for pickup . It 's several feet long and passengers can stand on either side of it or at the receiving end , the spokeswoman said . She said it was not immediately known if the infant was placed on the belt while it was stopped , or once it had started moving . An unidentified security officer at the airport told CNN affiliate Atlas she did n't see the incident , but was told that "  the mother apparently put  the baby  down on the conveyer belt when she went to reach for something . He was crushed by the conveyer belt and it killed him . " Airport medical personnel rushed to the scene but were unable to revive the infant , the spokeswoman said . The Spanish Civil Guard said the baby 's death appears to be an accident , but an investigation is under way . At a loss : Comforting grieving parents After the baby was pronounced dead , the family had to wait for a judge to arrive , by Spanish law , so that the body could be moved . Civil Guards took statements from the parents at the airport , the airport spokeswoman said . The baggage belt for oversized luggage -- which includes infant car seats and baby strollers -- is at one end of a large baggage claims hall at the Alicante airport , which handles 9 million passengers a year , the spokeswoman said . The baggage carousel is in a secure area , and passengers go through it to claim their bags before they exit into the public arrivals hall . The father of the baby would not have had access to that area , the airport spokeswoman said . Civil Guard and National Police spokesmen confirmed the nationalities of the mother and father as American and Canadian , respectively . A U.S. Embassy spokesman in Madrid said that U.S. Consular officials are aware of the incident and are providing assistance . A spokeswoman for the Canadian Embassy in Madrid said she could not comment and referred inquiries to the Canadian government 's Department of Foreign Affairs in Ottawa . Spanish newspaper El Pais reported the family had come to the Alicante area , on Spain 's Mediterranean coast , for vacation , but authorities would not immediately confirm that . When terrible things happen : Helping children heal	It 's not clear how the baby ended up on the baggage carousel The mother , an American , also had another young child with her Authorities believe it was an accident but are investigating
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea said Monday that it had shut down operations at two nuclear reactors after discovering that they were using parts supplied with forged quality certificates . Halting the reactors to replace the parts will result in "  an unprecedented level " of strain on the nation 's power supply as it heads into the winter months , the Ministry of Knowledge Economy said in a statement . The controversy over the products used in the Korean reactors comes amid increased scrutiny of nuclear power worldwide following the crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in Japan during the aftermath of the earthquake and tsunami that hit the country in March 2011 . Read more : Radioactive levels staying high near Fukushima Daiichi plant The unverified parts in South Korea are products like fuses and power switches that do n't pose a risk of causing a radiation leak , authorities said . The plant operator , Korean Hydro & Nuclear Power Co. , found that eight suppliers had sold it a total of 7,682 items with forged quality certificates between 2003 and 2012 , according to the government . The total value of the products was around 820 million won , or $ 750,000 . The vast majority of those parts that were put into use went to two reactors at the Yonggwang Nuclear Power Plant in the southwest of the country , the government said . Those are the two reactors that are being shut down until at least the end of the year in order to replace all the unverified items . The two reactors account for about 5 % of South Korea 's national power supply , according to the government . Their suspension will significantly reduce the amount of energy supply that South Korea holds in reserve each day during January and February . Temperatures in areas of South Korea regularly drop well below freezing in the winter months . The government has called on relevant agencies to enact measures this month to counteract the expected pressure on the power supply from the shutdown of the reactors .	The shutdown will put an "  unprecedented " strain on power supply , authorities say The two reactors are halted because they are using unverified parts The government says there is no risk of a radiation leak from the parts in question Nuclear power is under increased scrutiny worldwide after the Japanese crisis
CNN  Li Na is Asia 's only grand slam singles champion and one of the most famous Chinese athletes of all time . The 2014 Australian Open winner announced her retirement last September and , on Monday , revealed she is expecting her first child with her husband Dennis . Two days earlier , Li sat down with CNN Open Court 's Pat Cash to answer questions from our followers on Facebook and Twitter . Here 's what she had to say ... Football fan ? Sivan in Malaysia asked : "  Bayern Munich because I stayed in Munich for a long time . The funny thing is  during  the World Cup , before it started they gave me a guess which team will win and I said Germany . They said ` no no no no . ' I said ` Yes , I 'm sure . ' Now I say I 'm sure because I like the Germany team . " Globetrotter One of our followers in India wanted to know about Li 's favorite places : "  For traveling I like to go to Germany . For tennis I always liked Australia . " BFF ? This question on tennis friendships came from India : "  Petra Kvitova . I like her a lot . Sometimes it 's strange on the women 's tour . Some players never talk . My team and her team were pretty special . We just finished a match , walking out of the court . Both teams talk like friends . I like that friendship . "  It 's not easy to find a good friend on the tour . " Biggest miss ? Karen in Switzerland wondered whether Li missed playing tennis : "  I miss my fans as well . But the tennis ... of course I miss it but I can not play . Maybe  I will  wait another year to see how 's the knee and then go back to the court . But not to play professionally . " Growing pains Twitter follower Midas was curious about how tennis had changed Li 's life : "  Tennis is my life . I grew up with tennis and now everything I know is from tennis . Also I meet friends from the tour . I learned a lot , if you have a low ranking how people treat you and if you have a high ranking how people treat you . It 's the same all over the world , not only in tennis . " Andre the giant Eddy wanted to know who Li looked up to in her younger days : Who is your role model ? Eddy Okporudhu , Facebook "  Andre Agassi . When I was young in China they did n't show much tennis . One day I turned on the television and I saw that tennis players can be like that . He had long hair , earring with jeans . That was pretty special for me , so I was like "  tennis players are so cool . "	Li Na won two grand slam titles during a successful career She won the French Open in 2011 and last year 's Australian Open The Chinese star retired last September due to ongoing knee problems
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Millard Fuller , who founded Habitat for Humanity International along with his wife , has died , officials said Tuesday . He was 74 . Millard Fuller appears with President Bush at a Habitat for Humanity event in Tampa , Florida , in 2001 . Fuller died early Tuesday "  after a brief illness , " said a statement on the Web site of the organization he currently headed , Fuller Center for Housing , in Americus , Georgia . "  Family and friends are mourning the tragic loss of a great servant leader and a genuine heart , " the statement said . Fuller had suffered from chest congestion for three to four weeks , said Holly Chapman , spokeswoman for the Fuller Center . He died about 3 a.m. en route to a hospital , she said . With his wife , Linda , Fuller founded Habitat for Humanity International in 1976 . The Alabama native rose "  from humble beginnings " to become a "  young , self-made millionaire , " according to his biography on Habitat for Humanity 's Web site . He and a college friend began a marketing firm while still in school , "  but as his business prospered , his health , integrity and marriage suffered , " the biography said . "  These crises prompted Fuller to re-evaluate his values and direction . His soul-searching led to reconciliation with his wife and to a renewal of his Christian commitment , " it said . The Fullers sold all their possessions , gave money to the poor and began searching for a new direction . They found Koinonia Farm , a Christian community near Americus in rural southwest Georgia , the biography said . Along with Koinonia founder Clarence Jordan and a few others , the couple initiated several enterprises , among them a housing ministry that built modest homes on a no-interest , nonprofit basis and made them affordable to low-income families . Homeowner families were expected to use their own labor to help defray costs on their home as well as homes for other families . Money to build homes was placed into a revolving fund , enabling more to be built , according to the biography . In 1973 , the Fullers moved to Africa to test their housing model , the biography said . Their project was launched in Zaire -- now the Democratic Republic of the Congo -- and was a success . "  Fuller became convinced that this model could be expanded and applied all over the world , " the biography said . When Fuller returned to the United States three years later , he met with a group of associates to create Habitat for Humanity International . According to its Web site , Habitat has provided shelter for more than 1.5 million people in more than 3,000 communities . "  I see life as both a gift and a responsibility . My responsibility is to use what God has given me to help his people in need , " Fuller once said , according to Habitat 's Web site . Former President Carter , a key Habitat supporter , fellow Georgian and a close friend , issued a statement Tuesday saying Fuller "  was one of the most extraordinary people I have ever known . " "  He used his remarkable gifts as an entrepreneur for the benefit of millions of needy people around the world by providing them with decent housing , " Carter said . "  As the founder of Habitat for Humanity and later the Fuller Center , he was an inspiration to me , other members of our family and an untold number of volunteers who worked side-by-side under his leadership . " See celebrities working on Habitat projects " In 1996 , President Clinton awarded Fuller the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation 's highest civilian honor , calling Habitat "  the most successful continuous community service project in the history of the United States . " Fuller left Habitat for Humanity in 2005 amid a dispute with the organization 's board . Habitat said in a statement at the time his termination culminated "  several months of differences between the Fullers and the board over allegations of inappropriate personal behavior of Millard Fuller toward a now-former female employee , " according to an article in the February 2005 edition of Christianity Today magazine . The organization noted there was insufficient evidence to corroborate the complaint , according to Christianity Today , but said Fuller engaged in "  a pattern of ongoing public comments and communications ... that have been divisive and disruptive to the organization 's work . " For his part , Fuller told the magazine he feared the board used the controversy to push him out to find a "  high-paid bean counter " instead of someone with "  strong Christian commitment . " "  We 've overloaded the board with ` money ' people , all of whom are nominal Christians , but many of whom are not spiritually grounded , " he told the magazine . "  Some seem put off by my overt declaration of Jesus . " After his departure , Fuller founded the Fuller Center for Housing , which its Web site describes as "  a nonprofit , ecumenical Christian housing ministry dedicated to eliminating poverty housing worldwide . " The center was founded after Fuller "  set out to expand his missionary vision " by returning to his roots at Koinonia Farm , a cooperative community dedicated to peace and service . A new mission statement was issued at Koinonia dedicating the Fuller Center as "  a Christ-centered , faith-driven organization witnessing the love of God by providing opportunities for families to have a simple , decent place to live , " according to the site . Funeral services are scheduled for Wednesday , said Chapman , the Fuller Center spokeswoman . Fuller will be buried at Koinonia Farm , according to the center 's Web site . CNN 's Hank Bishop contributed to this report .	Millard Fuller and wife Linda started organization in 1976 Habitat says it has provided housing for 1.5 million-plus people Fuller received Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996 Fuller left Habitat in 2005 amid dispute with governing board
CNN  The discovery of the tail of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 has fueled hopes that searchers may be close to recovering the plane 's crucial black boxes . The cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder are considered to be vital elements in figuring out the causes of commercial aviation disasters . Indonesia 's top search and rescue official says searchers are now "  striving " to find the black boxes  which are actually orange  . Here 's the lowdown on the devices , the information they are likely to hold and how investigators will go about extracting it . What do black boxes contain ? The two devices hold different kinds of information . The cockpit voice recorder contains "  every audio sound that occurs on the flight deck , " said Desmond Ross , an aviation safety expert . That can include things like conversation between the pilots , warning sounds from the plane 's systems and even hail hitting the windshield . "  It 'll have the sound of the flight attendant providing a cup of coffee to the pilot if that occurred on the flight , " Ross , a former pilot , told CNN . "  Everything that happened will be recorded . " The flight data recorder is a different beast . It stores a huge amount of information about the plane 's performance . "  The flight data recorder will provide information about all aspects about what was happening with the aircraft when the disaster occurred -- everything from speed , to altitude , to the individual settings of instruments , " said Greg Waldron , the managing editor of Flightglobal , an aviation industry website . "  It 'll give a very detailed picture of what was going on last Sunday when this crash happened , " he told CNN . Where are they ? In the Airbus A320-200 , the aircraft in question , the two flight recorders are housed in the tail . That has led to hopes that they could be within the grasp of the divers who took pictures of the tail section at the bottom of the Java Sea on Wednesday . Ross suggested that getting them out of the wreckage should n't be too tricky . "  If they have the tail and they have a few tools with them , they should be able to take those recorders out of the tail section without even having to raise the tail section to the surface , " he said . "  It 's not that hard . It 's done all the time for maintenance on the ground . " But the divers have to contend with murky waters and strong currents as they search the wreckage . Removing the flight recorders "  would be similar to removing a hard drive from a damaged computer , " Waldron said . "  It 's something that you 'd want to do very carefully , very slowly and very deliberately . " And AirAsia Chief Executive Tony Fernandes raised the issue of whether the piece of wreckage found by the search teams is the exact part of the tail containing the black boxes . "  I am led to believe the tail section has been found , " he tweeted . "  If right part of tail section then the black box should be there . " What if they 're not in the tail ? Waldron flagged the concern that the flight recorders may have got separated from the tail of the plane as the aircraft came down , noting that officials have n't reported detecting any pings from the devices ' locator beacons . "  They might have fallen free , which could create some issues , " he said . But even if the black boxes are no longer attached to the tail , Waldron said he thought searchers would probably find them within a matter of days or weeks . Peter Goelz , a former managing director of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  , said flight recorders can be difficult to pinpoint , even if they have locator beacons . "  The black boxes often become covered with silt and covered with metal . You have got to be directly over them , " he said . "  It is hard to find something in the ocean . It took us days to find the black boxes at TWA 800 . We were right over it . The pingers , we never picked up . " The batteries powering Flight QZ8501 's pingers are estimated to have around 20 days of power left . Will the black boxes have all the answers ? Experts seem optimistic that they will . "  We 're talking almost 100 % certainty that we will get all the answers from those two boxes , " Ross said . "  If the two pilots have been discussing the issue and they 're talking about the problem they 've got , that will tell a lot almost immediately , " he told CNN . "  The flight data recorder will tell all the speeds , the rate of descent , the cabin pressure -- everything that has basically gone wrong in the final moments of that flight will be evident . " Black boxes do n't provide the whole picture for aviation accident investigators , though . David Soucie , a former Federal Aviation Administration safety inspector , likens the process to "  peeling an onion apart and then putting that onion back together from the inside out . " Investigators map the debris found on the surface of the water . Then , they have to look for other pieces in the next level of sea for more clues , he said . "  So you might go down 50 feet or so , to see if there 's any floating debris there , " said Soucie , an aviation analyst for CNN . "  And you keep going down and mapping it as it goes . You see how the drift went and how the pieces of the plane moved . " During the investigation of Air France Flight 447 , more than 150,000 images of the plane 's wreckage site in the Atlantic Ocean were taken . It was important to "  mosaic them together " to give investigators a comprehensive view of the wreckage site , said David Gallo , who co-led that search after the French jet crashed in 2009 . How long will the investigation take ? If they are recovered , the black boxes will be taken to a lab in Jakarta to be analyzed , according to Indonesia 's National Committee for Transportation Safety  NTSC  , which is leading the investigation into the disaster . "  There will be a very careful , methodical process by which these things are opened up and by which the data is extracted , " Waldron said . "  This process is filmed , there 'll be officials on hand . So it 's kind of a long process . " The flight data recorder requires special software to retrieve the reams of data it contains . The NTSC 's final report into Adam Air Flight 574 -- which crashed in Indonesian waters on New Year 's Day , 2007 , killing all 102 people on board -- came out more than a year after the disaster . The report on Flight QZ8501 is likely to take at least year to cover all the different angles , according to Ross . "  It requires a lot of analysis and a lot of background-checking , as well , " he said . CNN 's Madison Park contributed to this report .	The cockpit recorder holds "  every audio sound that occurs on the flight deck , " former pilot says The flight data recorder will "  give a very detailed picture of what was going on , " expert tells CNN
CNN  -- A Russian tanker carrying fuel arrived in the Alaskan town of Nome on Saturday night , the Coast Guard said , as officials started preparations on delivering the much-needed supplies . U.S Coast Guard ice breaker Cutter Healy accompanied the fuel tanker Renda as it made its way through the frozen waters carrying 1.3 million gallons of petroleum products . "  The first step is to ensure the ice is safe for the personnel to walk on , " said Chief Petty Officer Kip Wadlow . "  Then they will work to connect the piping and check for leaks . Safety is our primary concern . " The cutter has broken through almost 300 miles of ice for the tanker on a journey that took them through southern Alaska 's Aleutian Islands . The voyage is the first-ever attempt to supply fuel to an Arctic Alaska settlement through sea ice . A company in Nome contracted the Renda to deliver the fuel after ice formed over the Bering Sea following a ferocious November storm that prevented the last delivery of the season via barge . The Coast Guard urged Nome residents not to go out on the ice to watch the operations , saying the behavior of the ice is unpredictable and ice conditions could change . Nome is not in immediate danger of running out of fuel , said Coast Guard Capt. Craig Lloyd , who is coordinating the mission . The town has enough fuel to last until about March , but the delivery was attempted now because it would have been more difficult then , he said . Officials considered flying in fuel , but it would have taken more than 300 flights , each carrying 4,000 to 5,000 gallons , to meet the town 's needs , said Jason Evans , chairman of Sitnasuak Native Corp. .	It is the first-ever attempt to supply fuel to an Arctic Alaska town through sea ice The Renda made its way through icy water carrying 1.3 million gallons of petroleum products Nome , Alaska , has enough fuel to last until about March
While secretary of state , Hillary Clinton was skeptical of early plans to trade Taliban prisoners for American captive Bowe Bergdahl , former officials involved in the process told CNN on Tuesday . Clinton pushed for a much tougher deal than the one with Qatar that secured the Army sergeant 's release in exchange for five terror detainees held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , they said . She left office in 2013 , but the former officials said they did n't know whether Clinton would have signed off on the swap that culminated this past weekend with Bergdahl climbing aboard a military helicopter . Clinton offered a measured defense of it in an appearance in Denver on Monday . But she but did not answer when asked directly if she would have approved , if still serving as America 's top diplomat . "  This young man , whatever the circumstances , was an American citizen -- is an American citizen -- was serving in our military , " Clinton said . "  The idea that you really care for your own citizens and particularly those in uniform , I think is a very noble one . " Bergdahl was the only remaining U.S. soldier captured during the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . Clinton 's thinking on the matter is in play as she considers whether to run for president in 2016 . Republicans have taken aim at President Barack Obama 's foreign policy , and some conservatives complain that negotiating with the Taliban illustrates weak leadership that could hurt America later on . Obama has defended his decision , saying , "  We do n't leave men and women in uniform behind . " Bergdahl , 28 , was captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan in June 2009 , and was apparently moved between that country and Pakistan at that time . Clinton did not trust the Haqqani network believed to have held him , the former officials said , and she was skeptical that the trade would lead to peace with the Taliban . She reportedly was also concerned about the ability to enforce any deal . The Haqqani network has ties to al Qaeda and the Taliban , and the United States has designated it a foreign-based terror organization . Republicans and Democrats in Congress had also raised serious concerns more than two years ago with the Obama administration about the possibility of such a swap , and inquired about conditions . Key members from both parties wrote Clinton about their concern , and Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein said they received a "  comprehensive response " that included "  security assurances and a promise of consultation with the Congress . " Feinstein and House Speaker John Boehner said this week they could recall no further consultations about the matter with the administration until last Saturday . A framework for negotiations approved by Clinton , however , had tougher measures aiming to ensure the detainees would not return to the battlefield , including releasing the prisoners in two phases . The former officials said that under her plan , the first three would be released and then the remaining two would be freed 60 days later when they released Bergdahl . She also wanted the Qataris to impose stricter restrictions and monitoring once they were in that nation 's custody , the officials said . Under the agreement reached with the Obama administration , the five detainees were transferred to Qatar where they can live freely but will be monitored for a year . American troops are due to wrap up combat operations in Afghanistan at year 's end with most forces leaving the country . While the deal resulting in Bergdahl 's release resulted from indirect talks mediated by Qatar , administration officials led by Marc Grossman , Clinton 's special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , met several times with Taliban leaders in 2011 and 2012 to discuss the issue . The meetings occurred before the Taliban broke off talks . Clinton wanted the prisoner swap to be one of a series confidence-building measures , which also included the opening of a Taliban office in Qatar 's capital , Doha , and a Taliban renunciation of terrorism , as part of larger peace efforts between the Taliban and Afghanistan . She also pushed Pakistan to use its influence with the Taliban to engage in the reconciliation talks to end the war , as the United States prepared to wind down in Afghanistan . "  You do n't make peace with your friends , " she told Congress in October 2011 . "  There first would have to be a demonstrated willingness on the Taliban 's part to negotiate and to meet the conditions already laid out for joining negotiations . " The Taliban office opened in June 2013 , but closed the same day when the group violated the terms by raising their flag , effectively killing talks for six months . Ultimately , the Obama administration agreed to release all of the prisoners at once and , because the Taliban said it would only negotiate over the prisoner exchange , abandoned its efforts at wider reconciliation when the talks resumed earlier this year . Who was swapped for Bergdahl ? Clinton on Monday said the ultimate outcome of the exchange is unknown right now . "  I think we have a long way to go before we really know how this is going to play out , " Clinton said . "  You do n't want to see these five prisoners go back to combat . There 's a lot that you do n't want to have happen . " But she added , "  You also do n't want an American citizen , if you can avoid it , especially a solider , to die in captivity . "	Former officials : Hillary Clinton was skeptical of prisoner trade plans Clinton was pushing for tougher terms and did n't trust the Haqqani network , they say She was also asking for a Taliban renunciation of terrorism
CNN  -- What can 40 goats and 20 cows buy a Kenyan man ? Chelsea Clinton 's love , if you ask Godwin Kipkemoi Chepkurgor . Hillary Clinton says she would let her daughter Chelsea know about a Kenyan man 's unique marriage offer . The Kenyan man first offered the dowry nine years ago to then-President Bill Clinton in asking for the hand of his only child . He renewed it Thursday after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was asked about the proposal at a Nairobi town hall session . CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , the session 's moderator , commented that given the economic crisis at hand , Chepkurgor 's dowry was "  not a bad offer . " However , Clinton said her daughter was her own person . "  She 's very independent , " she said . "  So I will convey this very kind offer . " Watch Clinton 's response to dowry offer " The audience laughed , but Clinton 's comments were no joke to Chepkurgor , who described the younger Clinton as a "  beautiful , disciplined and well-natured woman . " "  Of course I have never met her , but I like her family and how they stick together , " Chepkurgor told CNN . "  I 've waited for a long time . I 'm still waiting to meet her and express my love for her . " Chepkurgor operates a small electronics and computer shop in Nakuru , a major city northwest of Nairobi . He may still be waiting for Chelsea , but he 's not exactly single . He married his wife Grace , a college classmate , in 2006 . "  My wife has no problem with this , " he insisted . "  She listened to the answers given by Hillary and did not complain . " Polygamy is legal in Kenya , so Chelsea would be Chepkurgor 's second wife . "  Is that allowed in your side of the world ? " he laughed . In Kenya , a man proposes with dowry for the prospective bride , Chepkurgor explained . He said he stands by his initial livestock offer until someone makes a counteroffer . Chepkurgor , now 39 , first made his intentions known when all three Clintons visited East Africa in 2000 . He wrote a letter to the former president , offering himself as his only child 's suitor . He said he had not expected the secretary of state to address the issue during her visit to Kenya this week . However , he admits his chances might be rather slim . "  Unfortunately , I do n't have their contact information , " he said . "  I just want to convey my message of goodwill to the Clintons , " he said . "  And to all of America . "	In 2000 , Kenyan man offered cows , goats for Chelsea Clinton 's hand in marriage In recent town hall meeting , Hillary Clinton says she would convey offer to daughter Godwin Kipkemoi Chepkurgor is already married , says wife would n't mind
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The man tapped as Afghanistan 's next intelligence chief faces allegations of drug trafficking and torture that stem from his work as a powerful official in the rough-and-tumble Taliban-birthplace of Kandahar , according to testimony from a top Canadian diplomat and other sources familiar with the new appointee . A staunch Karzai loyalist and anti-Taliban fighter known for his experience and heavy-handed tactics , Asadullah Khalid is the country 's minister of tribal and border affairs who oversees its southern security forces . On Sunday evening , President Hamid Karzai officially nominated the Pashtun leader as head of the National Directorate of Security . But last week , top-level government leaks regarding the president 's choice stirred controversy in the region and protest from rights groups . Dogged by accusations of abuse and trafficking , Khalid must still pass a legislative vote of confidence before assuming the coveted leadership post atop the country 's main intelligence agency . Afghan president dismisses intelligence chief amid cabinet shakeup Much of the concern stems from the testimony of Richard Colvin , Canada 's former deputy ambassador to Afghanistan , who worked directly with Khalid while he was governor of Kandahar from 2005 to 2008 . In 2009 , Colvin testified before Canada 's parliament that his team had uncovered "  very credible " evidence of torture being used by Afghan authorities in Kandahar , which allegedly included Khalid 's direct involvement . "  He was known to us very early on , in May and June 2006 , as an unusually bad actor on human rights issues . He was known to have had a dungeon in Ghazni , his previous province , where he used to detain people for money , and some of them disappeared , " Colvin said in his testimony . "  He was known to be running a narcotics operation . He had a criminal gang . He had people killed who got in his way . " The Canadian diplomat also testified that "  in Kandahar we found out that  Khalid  had indeed set up a similar dungeon under his guest house . " "  He acknowledged this . When asked , he had sort of justifications for it , but he was known to personally torture people in that dungeon , " said Colvin . A high-level diplomatic source , who declined to be named , said a more recent independent review offered "  credible evidence that  Colvin 's account of Khalid had indeed  occurred , " though the source declined to elaborate beyond what was already in the diplomat 's public testimony . The Canadian inquiry was formed as a result of a complaint into whether detainees captured by Canadian soldiers and handed over to Afghan authorities in Kandahar were being mistreated . The investigation led to a new agreement in which Canadian officials were allowed greater access to Kandahar prisons , but it also shed light on the nature of NATO 's partnerships in the volatile Afghan south . Canada 's forces had been largely deployed to Kandahar , considered the Taliban heartland , which borders Pakistan and is thought to be essential to Afghan national security . A second source , who agreed to be identified only as a former Western official with considerable knowledge of Kandahar , said "  it was widely believed that  Khalid  got his hands dirty and did some of this  torture  himself . " But Khalid has rejected those accusations , blaming them on enemies threatened by his success . "  I know there is nothing  in terms of evidence  , " he said last week . "  This is just propaganda about me . " Karzai 's office also called the accusations false . But Human Rights Watch weighed in on Friday and called on the Afghan president to "  drop reported plans to appoint a senior official linked to torture , " referring to Khalid . "  He 's viewed as a pretty brutal , but reliable person to be fighting Taliban , " said the high-level diplomatic source , who declined to be named citing the sensitivity of the matter . "  When you see he was put into Kandahar after Ahmed Wali Karzai got killed , that 's significant . " Wali Karzai , the president 's half-brother and once a powerful southern political figure , was gunned down by a bodyguard in Kandahar last year . The Taliban claimed responsibility , though reports later surfaced that the killing may have instead stemmed from an internal dispute . Still , his death sent shockwaves across Afghanistan at a time when Taliban fighters appeared to be using assassination tactics against high-profile targets , many of whom were allied to the president . Analysts say Khalid 's redefined role over southern security forces may have afforded Karzai a needed ally , particularly in the absence of his younger brother . But it may have also cast Khalid as a more prominent figure leading up to the nation 's presidential elections , which are slated for 2014 . "  One possible course of action is that Karzai tries to retain power through a successor who is beholden to him -- sort of the Medvedev model , " said Sarah Chayes , a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , referring to how Russian President Vladimir Putin anointed Dmitry Medvedev as his successor in 2006 . "  Khalid is a candidate for that role . Moving him up to a more prominent and responsible position would advance that possibility , " said Chayes , who first met Khalid when he was appointed as Kandahar governor in 2005 . But abuse allegations surrounding the former governor are expected to renew old questions from Western allies , just as NATO eyes its 2014 withdrawal from Afghanistan . Considered an ambitious man despite dropping out of Kabul University , Khalid joined legendary Taliban-fighter Ahmad Shah Massoud , known as the "  Lion of Panjshir , " before the U.S.-led invasion in 2001 . He later worked in conjunction with U.S. Special Forces in southern Afghanistan , according to a former senior Afghan official , who declined to be named , citing security concerns . "  He 's thought of as a do-er , a field person . Not a desk person , " the ex-official said . "  And he is also one of the only ministers I know to travel to Kandahar by road , " a reference to the region 's perilous roadways that are often lined with improvised explosives . But the former official added that he knew of no evidence to support allegations of Khalid 's direct involvement in torture . "  Yes , there were people beneath him who made mistakes , but I have no evidence that he was directly involved , " he said . The U.N. Mission in Afghanistan estimates that torture has occurred with considerable frequency in Afghanistan , and says it is a particular problem within the country 's intelligence services . It found "  compelling evidence that 125 detainees  46 %  of the 273 detainees interviewed who had been in NDS detention experienced interrogation techniques at the hands of NDS officials that constituted torture , " according to a U.N. report . Torture , the U.N. said , "  is practiced systematically in a number of NDS detention facilities throughout Afghanistan . " The NDS is Afghanistan 's main intelligence agency and reports directly to the president and National Assembly . If confirmed , Khalid 's ascension atop the agency would bring a practiced Taliban-fighter and well-connected senior official to a security post critical to the president 's inner circle . Others who know him say allegations of abuse and drug trafficking are unfounded . "  He 's too smart for that , " said the former chief of staff of Kandahar 's chief of police . The former chief of staff , who goes by the last name Afghan but asked to keep his first name anonymous for security reasons , said Khalid "  did n't need private prisons . " "  He had the NDS , " Afghan said . "  And he was really good at intelligence in Kandahar . " Afghan also noted that the regional NDS chief reported directly to both Kabul headquarters and to Khalid , a practice thought to be commonplace in Afghanistan . Private detention centers did exist , and likely still do , he said , but just not under Khalid . For instance , a former Kandahar governor -- prior to Khalid -- had once maintained a private prison in Kandahar City across from his office , said Afghan , who noted residents were "  constantly complaining to us " that they or their friends or their family members had been tortured . "  People were taken out and questioned , hanged to death and beaten to death , " he said . However , the prison was apparently removed when Khalid assumed power in 2005 , Afghan added . CNN could not independently verify that account . If confirmed , Khalid would take over from Rahtamullah Nabil , 42 , whose two-year term has expired . Nabil 's predecessor , longtime intelligence chief Amrullah Saleh , is now an opposition leader . Meanwhile , Karzai on Sunday also floated replacement possibilities at the Ministries of Defense and Interior , which have been vacant for weeks . Bismillah Khan Mohammedi , a well-connected Tajik leader with robust ties to the Afghan army and police , was tapped to head up the Defense Ministry , Karzai 's office reported . But that move is also expected to stir discord among parliament lawmakers who recently dismissed Mohammedi from his post atop the Interior Ministry . "  This is classic Karzai , and trial balloon floating , " said Stephen Biddle , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  It could be to placate Tajiks . But it 's also entirely plausible that he 's floating an idea that he expects to be shot down . " "  In Afghan politics , these things are often four levels of gamesmanship , " said Biddle . The cabinet shakeup comes just one month after Karzai earned international praise for a sweeping set of proposed reforms meant to stem corruption in the war-wracked country . But his moves have also raised new questions about Afghanistan 's rising political players , particularly those expected to take over in the wake of the NATO withdrawal .	Asadullah Khalid is accused of drug trafficking and torture President Karzai has nominated him to lead National Directorate of Security Canadian official says Khalid a torturer ; other sources say that 's not correct
CNN  -- The Taliban , one of Osama bin Laden 's closest allies , confirmed late Friday that the al Qaeda founder had been killed by U.S. commandos during a raid in Pakistan . The admission by the Taliban comes on the heels of one earlier in the day by al Qaeda , removing any question about whether bin Laden 's closest allies and his terror network believed he was dead . Al Qaeda statement on bin Laden 's death Bin Laden "  embraced martyrdom as per the Will of the Almighty Allah during an abrupt attack by the American invading soldiers , " according to a statement released by the Afghan Taliban , which had for years allowed bin Laden 's terror network to operate in Afghanistan . Al Qaeda statement in Arabic  PDF President Barack Obama announced Sunday that bin Laden had been killed by U.S. commandos during a raid on a compound in Abbottabad , about 35 miles north of the Pakistani capital of Islamabad . Trove of data at bin Laden hideout provides first specific alert On Friday , Obama and Vice President Joe Biden met privately with members of the Navy SEAL Team 6 , the unit that conducted the raid . Among the SEALs that Obama met at Fort Campbell , Kentucky , was the one who fired the fatal shots at bin Laden , but he was not singled out to the president , a senior administration official said . Obama and Biden thanked the commandos and were briefed on the operation by the unit members who conducted it , according to a White House official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The official was not authorized to release the details of the meeting . Officials have said bin Laden was shot twice -- once in the head , once in the chest . He was buried at sea in what U.S. officials have described as a proper Islamic burial . Obama decided earlier this week not to release any photos of bin Laden 's body , saying he did not want to inflame Arab passions or appear to gloat . The decision drew sharp criticism from many , who wanted proof of the terrorist leader 's death . Others , including many in the town where bin Laden was killed , said they did not believe he was dead . But Friday 's acknowledgement by al Qaeda and the Taliban put to rest questions about whether bin Laden 's closest allies believed he had been killed by Navy SEALs . Al Qaeda confirmed its leader 's death in a Web statement and used that opportunity to taunt and threaten the United States . "  Sheikh Osama did n't build an organization that will vanish with his death or fades away with his departure , " according to the statement , which CNN could not independently authenticate . U.S. races to dissect possible terror plots The statement , which congratulates the "  Islamic Nation on the martyrdom of their devoted son Osama , " repeated themes and threats made over the years in prior statements by the terror group . Al Qaeda 's statement surfaced as protesters packed the streets of Abbottabad in a rally organized by Jamaat-e-Islami , Pakistan 's largest Islamist party . The demonstrators denounced the U.S. and Pakistani governments . First suspected drone strike in Pakistan since bin Laden raid The statement also expressed disdain for the efforts and motives of the United States , saying that the Americans managed to kill bin Laden "  by disgrace and betrayal . " "  Men and heroes only should be confronted in the battlefields but at the end , that 's God 's fate . Still we ask , will the Americans be able -- through their media outlets , their agents , their instruments , soldiers , intelligence services and their might -- be able to kill what Sheikh Osama lived for and was killed for ? How far ! How impossible ! " According to the statement , bin Laden recorded an audio message a week prior to his death regarding the revolutions sweeping the Muslim world and offering advice and guidance . Al Qaeda indicated that the release of this message is forthcoming . Meanwhile , the Taliban statement said bin Laden 's death will reinvigorate the "  jihad , " or holy war , against the United States and its allies . Bin Laden and the Taliban 's leader , Mullah Mohammed Omar , were said to have a close friendship . The Taliban said bin Laden has achieved martyrdom , something he had long worked toward . "  He reached his ambition with bravery , dedication and commitment in the last moments of his life , " the Taliban statement said . Meanwhile , investigators poring over material seized by the SEAL team found details about a possible attack on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 , and the intelligence led Thursday to a nationwide alert regarding rail security .	NEW : Taliban confirms that Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces NEW : Taliban says the terror leader has achieved martyrdom NEW : Confirmation removes any question on whether his closest allies believe he is dead The Taliban statement follows another one by al Qaeda
CNN  -- Our youngest child , Peter , was murdered on September 11 , 2001 , while attending a conference at Windows on the World at the World Trade Center . He was 25 years old when he died . When the towers fell , we were in France , on vacation to celebrate Steve 's 60th birthday . Peter , our daughter , Jane , and our son Jeff and his wife , Tobey , had all been with us for a week before flying back to the U.S. on September 8 . On the day of the attacks , we were terribly upset after hearing the news . But at first , we were not worried about our kids . Jeff and Tobey lived in Tulsa . Jane lived in D.C. but her job was nowhere near the Pentagon . Peter worked in midtown Manhattan for Bloomberg LP . But since he traveled throughout the city for his job , we became concerned . We desperately tried calling our kids but could not get a line out of France . It was n't until late in the day that we learned from Jeff that "  Pete was there . " The next day , Michael Bloomberg , who became mayor two months later , called to tell us that Pete was dead . My world stopped , and it still is totally out of kilter . News : Triple-amputee veteran gets ` smart ' home on September 11 Not Peter ! Pete was all laughter and sunshine and love . He was n't uncomfortable kissing his mother or father in public , or hugging his sister for no reason at all . He and Jeff traveled to fun places and laughed and laughed . Not Peter -- he was too full of life . Our mark on this Earth is our children . After his death , we knew we had to leave a mark that Peter existed and the world would be a better place because he lived . In searching for a way to honor his life , we learned that 1 billion people , almost one sixth of humanity , have directly experienced torture , terrorism or mass violence . Victims are left with lifelong emotional wounds preventing them from leading productive lives . In sub-Saharan Africa , the incidence of traumatic depression and PTSD exceeds that of HIV/AIDS , malaria and TB combined . Peter loved life ; he was compassionate and caring . There was nothing we could do for Pete , but returning survivors to life in his name was the perfect memorial . In March 2003 , we created the Peter C. Alderman Foundation . People often ask : "  Why are you dealing with traumatic depression and PTSD when there are so many greater problems in the world ? " Our response is simple : Billions of philanthropic dollars go into fighting HIV/AIDS , malaria and poverty . But if people do n't care whether they live or die , they will not follow through with their medication regimens , walk that extra mile for potable water or take advantage of microfinance . If you can restore hope , a person is less likely to strap on dynamite and kill innocent people . Opinion : 11 years after 9/11 : Who are the terrorists ? Our foundation started by training indigenous health workers , but we quickly learned that training by itself was not sufficient . We needed to provide a framework in which professionals could work . To that end , our foundation runs eight trauma clinics in Cambodia , Uganda , Liberia and Kenya . Establishing public-private partnerships with local governments , our foundation trains , supervises and pays its staff ; the government provides clinic space , in-patient beds and psychotropic drugs . Our foundation 's average annual cost per clinic is $ 30,000 . More than 30,000 children have been abducted in Uganda , and many of our patients are child soldiers , like Patrick . He has been treated in our Kitgum clinic for two years . Now he no longer has nightmares or flashbacks . He can sleep through the night and hold down a job . He no longer thinks of suicide . He has even named his new baby after his counselor at the clinic . Our foundation sponsors an annual African training conference on traumatic depression . Watch : The Alderman 's talk to CNNMoney At July 's fifth annual conference in Tanzania , attended by 500 mental health professionals from 22 countries , an imam from Somalia rose to say the opening prayer . He only spoke Arabic . When translated , we learned that he had said a prayer for Peter . Tears streamed down my face as I realized we were truly on the way to leaving that mark for Peter . The work has kept us functioning and given us a reason to get out of bed every day . Nothing can erase our pain , but our passion to leave a profound and indelible mark that Peter existed on this Earth has propelled us forward . Peter would be very proud of the foundation that bears his name . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth Alderman and Stephen Alderman .	Elizabeth and Stephen Alderman : Our youngest son , Peter , was killed on 9/11 After his death , they knew they had to leave a mark that Peter existed They set up the Peter C. Alderman Foundation to help people affected by terrorism Elizabeth , Stephen Alderman : Peter would be proud of the work that bears his name
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqi lawmakers approved a new government Monday and tapped former Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki as one of the country 's three vice presidents . Several key Cabinet posts remain vacant . Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi vowed to have nominations for the defense and interior minister posts ready to present to Parliament within a week . Monday 's Parliament vote , just a day before a constitutional deadline , comes as Iraq faces political turmoil and battles a surge of Islamist militants from ISIS . Along with al-Maliki , former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi and former speaker of Parliament Osama al-Nujaifi will also serve as vice presidents . Allawi and Al-Maliki are longtime political foes .	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General 's spokesman hails "  positive step towards political stability " Nuri al-Maliki is now one of Iraq 's three vice presidents Parliament approves a new government , but several key Cabinet posts are vacant Kerry : New Iraqi government is "  unquestionably a major milestone "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown 's trip to face trial in Washington will be on the Justice Department 's "  Con Air " prisoner airline , not on a private jet or a first-class commercial ticket as the singer hoped . Brown , 24 , was transferred into the custody of federal marshals after an extradition hearing Wednesday in federal court in Los Angeles , according to U.S. Marshals Service spokeswoman Laura Vega . Brown will be booked on a series of government planes that hopscotch across the country taking inmates from prison to prison , Vega said . The trip , with layovers in jails along the way , could take up to two weeks , she said . Unlike Brown 's usual mode of touring in luxury , he will be wearing handcuffs and possibly chains on his legs . Brown has been confined to the Los Angeles County jail since being booted from a court-ordered rehab program three weeks ago . The U.S. attorney in Washington petitioned for Brown to be extradited from Los Angeles to Washington for his April 17 trial . Brown and his bodyguard are accused of assaulting a man on a Washington sidewalk in October . The singer is on probation for the 2009 felony assault of then-girlfriend Rihanna . Brown 's attorney , Mark Geragos , tried to persuade Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin to release his client from jail so he could fly on his own to Washington . Prosecutors opposed that request and suggested the decision should be made by a federal judge . Brown 's legal troubles began five years ago when he beat Rihanna as the two were in a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street . He pleaded guilty to felony assault in June 2009 , which resulted in a sentence of five years of probation and 1,400 hours of community "  labor-oriented service . " The judge has revoked Brown 's probation twice in the last year , most recently because of his arrest on a sidewalk near the White House after allegedly punching a man . Brown voluntarily entered a rehab program a day after being released from a Washington jail in October , but he was kicked out a few days later for "  throwing a rock through his mother 's car window " after a family session at the center , a probation report said . Brown was upset because his mother said she wanted him to stay in treatment , the report said . Brown proceeded "  to walk outside and pick up a rock and threw it through his mother 's car window and it shattered , " according to a letter from the rehab center included in the probation report . His probation was revoked in November , but the judge allowed him to stay out of jail by entering a 90-day anger management and drug rehab program . Although he completed that program last month , the judge ordered him to remain a resident at the Malibu , California , treatment facility until another hearing April 23 . Brown 's probation officer reported at a February hearing that the singer "  continues to make great improvement " in dealing with anger , stress and drugs , but the judge decided he could not go free until after his trial for an assault charge in Washington on April 17 . If he is convicted in that case , the judge would decide at an April 23 hearing if Brown should complete his probation in jail . He was sent to jail on March 14 after he was kicked out of the second rehab program for rules violations . The judge said he was concerned about a "  provocative " statement counselors said Brown wrote on a card at the Malibu rehab center . "  I am good at using guns and knives , " according to a document read in court . The rehab program told Brown to leave because of that statement and two other rules violations , the document said . Brown refused a drug test -- which his lawyer denied -- and he touched elbows with a female patient , according to the document . Brown had been working on a highway cleanup labor crew in Los Angeles three days a week to fulfill the 750 hours of service remaining in his probation requirements , his probation report said . At that rate , Brown could complete the labor in mid-October and possibly be free from probation requirements by the end of the year . With his community labor work now on hold , his probation is expected to extend into 2015 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Chris Brown was taken by marshals after an extradition hearing in Los Angeles Brown 's hopscotch route to Washington on "  Con Air " could take up to two weeks Con Air is the nickname for the U.S Justice Department 's prisoner airplane system Brown was jailed in Los Angeles after he was booted from rehab three weeks ago
CNN  -- He 's invented breathable food , flavor clouds and olfactory telephones . Now David Edwards is bringing edible food-packaging to the table . Called Wikipearl , the wrapping is held together by calcium ions and can include particles of chocolate , nuts and seeds . The idea came out of a conversation Edwards , professor of biomedical engineering at Harvard , had with a sculptor about the concept of tensegrity . "  It 's a really interesting property and relevant in terms of rethinking our packaging , " he says . "  Suddenly packaging becomes part of the culinary experience . " Wikipearl ice cream and yoghurt were launched in selected Paris stores last June . Read this : The solar-powered watercrafts of the future Edwards began as a biomedical engineer in universities including MIT and Penn State . He left the latter in 1998 after he came up with the idea for inhalable insulin and was approached by Polaris Venture Partners to start a company , Advanced Inhalation Research , with three friends from MIT . It was sold in 1999 to biopharma company Alkermes . After three more years in academia at Harvard , Edwards left in 2005 for a sabbatical in Paris . "  I had a nebular notion to create an experimental cultural organization in the center of Paris , " says Edwards , whose book , ArtScience : Creativity in the Post-Google Generation , was published in 2008 . Read this : The ` talking ' streetlamps that save energy He founded Le Laboratoire , a contemporary art and design center , in 2007 . The first products to come out of Le Lab were Andrea , a plant-based air filter , and LeWhif , a chocolate inhaler . "  Our first products were viewed as whimsical and provocative and not taken seriously as commercial products , " says Edwards . "  Our commercial success now is completely based on being able to not care about the market and play with ideas . " Edwards says the AeroShot , an air-based energy shot with 100mg of caffeine plus B vitamins , will be in 50,000 stores by the end of the year . Also , last May , he opened an exhibition around the OPHONE , a device that allows users to send olfactory messages . "  I 'm fascinated by olfactive communication , " says Edwards . "  More than visual and auditory , it has real physiological impact . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Biomedical engineer David Edwards has invented fully edible packaging called Wikipearl Real foodstuff is combined with calcium ions to wipe out the need for plastic wrapping Wikipearl ice cream and yoghurt were launched in selected Paris stores last June
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher on Saturday denied that he is the man shown pointing at the Google Street View camera as it drove past his local pub in London last summer . Liam Gallagher says the figure captured on Google Earth outside a pub in London is not him . "  Just saw google earth apparently that 's meant to be me , who ... wears legwarmers with reeboks ?? Not this kid !! LG , " he wrote on Twitter . Though available for a while in the United States , Google Street View only launched in Britain last week . As in America , the launch in Britain prompted people all over the country to try to find themselves or spot funny images and famous faces on the service . Gallagher was apparently spotted outside The Queens pub in Camden , in north London , a place he 's known to frequent . The picture shows a man dressed in a dark T-shirt and long shorts sitting at an outdoor table . He points at the camera , obviously having seen the Google car and its Street View camera drive by . The service blurs people 's faces so it is hard to confirm whether it is Gallagher . Though the man is n't wearing legwarmers , Gallagher is apparently talking about the man 's ankle-high shoes and thick black socks .	Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher denies Google Earth appearance Fans said man captured on camera drinking outside London pub was singer Gallagher said the man was too embarrassingly dressed to be him
Washington  CNN  -- Video and audio baby monitors are intended to give parents peace of mind , but the federal government is warning parents that the devices can be deadly if not placed out of reach of small children . Since 2002 , seven children have died and three nearly strangled when they became entangled in the cords of devices intended for their protection . On Wednesday , the Consumer Product Safety Commission , along with the Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association , an organization representing makers of children 's products , launched a baby safety campaign to alert parents and caregivers about cord strangulation dangers . Get bumpers out of cribs , doctor group urges The key message -- keep baby monitors at least 3 feet away from cribs . "  Children are curious , they 'll reach out if they can get it within their grasp , and that cord ends up around their neck and strangling them , " CPSC Chairman Inez Tenenbaum said . For parents Charles Pereira and Lisa Rushton , the warnings come too late . In 2010 , their 10-month-old daughter , Savannah , died after becoming wrapped in the cord of her baby monitor . "  Most people buy them thinking that they 're a safety improvement for the child when , in fact , corded monitors present a very real threat to the life of a child , " Pereira told CNN . Getting the word out about the dangers of the cords has been a mission of Pereira and Rushton since their loss . The couple said Savannah had just learned to pull herself up into the standing position . "  We were so excited about it . And actually I recall saying to him , we 're going to need to take a look at everything and make sure that everything is safe around the house , " Rushton said . Children die after gas fireplace left on Wednesday 's warning marks the second time in two years that the CPSC has cautioned parents about cord strangulation dangers . The latest announcement was accompanied by the launch of a national baby safety campaign that includes a website , video and advertising warning of the dangers cords pose . Parents can also obtain free warning labels to attach to baby monitor cords . Rushton and Pereira were concerned about Savannah 's safety . "  I was very aware of the danger of cords . And it was something I kind of obsessed over -- which seems crazy at this point in time , " Rushton said . "  Where it was placed at the time , she was unable to reach it . But she reached a milestone just 24 hours before the accident occurred , and we did n't have an opportunity to reassess the room . " Stupid things parents do that put their kids at risk Parents wishing to obtain a free warning sticker for their baby monitor cord or more information can visit www.babymonitorsafety.org .	Seven children have died since 2002 after being entangled in baby monitor cords Government agency , trade group launch campaign to raise awareness of the risks The key piece of advice is to keep monitors at least 3 feet away from cribs Couple tell CNN of losing their baby daughter , who had just learned to stand
CNN  -- Arch rivals Barcelona and Real Madrid meet for the sixth time this season Saturday in an El Clasico clash which is likely to decide the destination of the Spanish title . Reigning champions Barcelona will have home advantage at their Camp Nou stadium , but trail Real by four points with only five games remaining . A draw would leave Los Blancos in pole position to reclaim the La Liga crown after four years but assistant coach Aitor Karanka said they would approach the heavyweight clash in positive fashion . "  We will play the same way we did in our last three games at the Camp Nou . We did everything in our power in three different championships and gave good performances , " he told the official Real Madrid website . Karanka , once again fronting up to the media in the absence of his boss Jose Mourinho , said that whatever the outcome his team were still in good position for ultimate success in the championship race . "  I believe the three points at stake are important because there fewer games left in the competition . Whatever the score , four games will remain and we 'll continue to work as naturally as we 've been doing so far . Win , draw or lose , this team is doing a very good job this year and we will keep it up . " he added . Barcelona have cut into Real 's lead , which stood at 10 points just over a month ago , with draws against Malaga , Villarreal and Valencia holding up the pacesetters . By contrast , Pep Guardiola 's Barcelona have mounted a late charge with 11 straight La Liga wins with Lionel Messi in free scoring form with 18 goals in that run . It has taken his personal tally to the season to a remarkable 63 in all competitions . Fellow superstar Cristiano Ronaldo has also maintained his scoring streak for Real , 53 for the season and tied with Messi in the battle for the ` Pichichi ' trophy awarded to top striker in La Liga . Both have 41 . It 's no wonder Guardiola believes the battle between the two might well decide the outcome of Saturday 's showdown . "  Leo Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo feed off each other , they are apart from everyone else . We 're lucky to be afforded the chance to enjoy some great football players . They are decisive players . They score when the team is playing well or when the team is playing poorly , " he told reporters . Unusually , both teams go into the frenetic atmosphere of an El Clasico clash off the back of rare defeats . Real lost 2-1 Tuesday at Bayern Munich in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal , while Barcelona suffered a 1-0 reverse at Chelsea 's Stamford Bridge stadium 24 hours later . They will be favorites to turn around the ties in their home legs to set up the possibility of a seventh El Clasico of the season in the final at Bayern 's Allianz Arena next month . Keir Radnedge , the executive editor of World Soccer , told CNN that neither side was likely to be affected by the setbacks . "  The extra day 's rest might be important  for Real  but there were no serious injuries for either side and after all they both just lost by one goal , " he said . For now the focus will be on the league clash and the odds are against Mourinho , despite his incredible managerial record in four countries . Since taking charge at the Bernabeu in the summer of 2010 his team has only beaten Barcelona once in 10 attempts , the final of the Copa Del Rey last season with Ronaldo scoring the winner in extra time . Radnedge believes Mourinho will be making La Liga success for his team a priority , even over the Champions League crown . "  La Liga very definitely , " he said . "  They want to get past this jinx and I would imagine if Mourinho achieved that he could move on to his next challenge , " he said . But his side will have to buck the form book . This season their Catalan rivals have beaten them over two legs in the Spanish Super Cup and the quarterfinal of the Copa Del Rey , again over two legs . A 3-1 league win for Barcelona in December in the Bernabeu may also be a pointer . Midfield star Xavi scored in that win and will be making a record 32nd El Clasico appearance should he get on the pitch on Saturday night .	Barcelona and Real Madrid meet in El Clasico at the Camp Nou on Saturday Real four points clear of their arch-rivals in the Spanish La Liga title race Under Jose Mourinho , Real have beaten Barca just once in 10 attempts Both sides lost Champions League semifinal first-leg ties in midweek
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Just moments after departing Washington 's Union Station , as the tour bus drove past the U.S. Capitol , Mel Bruce made an announcement to a handful of tourists . "  Most sadly for us , we close the doors after 42 years of service . Today is the final run for Tourmobile , " said Bruce , a tour guide for Tourmobile Sightseeing . The company announced that Monday would be its last day of operation . The company claimed unique status among tour operators in the nation 's capital by having the exclusive contract for sightseeing bus tours of Arlington National Cemetery . For many Tourmobile employees , the end of the line means more than the end of a job . "  It was just a shock , we were just stunned by it , " Bruce , 63 , said after dropping off a group of tourists at Arlington . For Bruce , giving brief history lessons to out-of-towners came easy , since growing up in the area gave him the chance to witness history firsthand . "  I was at the Lincoln Memorial with my family to hear firsthand Martin Luther King Jr. deliver his ' I Have a Dream ' speech , " Bruce said over the loudspeaker as the bus drove past the newly dedicated memorial to the civil rights leader . Bruce became a tour guide for the company in the summer of 1972 -- when Tourmobile was in its third year of business -- but he left after four years to try his luck on Broadway . After a 33-year absence , he returned in 2006 . Much remains the same , he said . "  Everyone in the world is still eager to see the sights that they have only seen up to now in paintings , books and magazines . " According to the company 's website , Tourmobile , which started operations in 1969 . employs 300 seasonal workers and serves "  upwards of 2 million riders annually . " The tour buses take visitors to many of the capital 's most famous sites , including the Lincoln Memorial , the Washington Monument and the National Mall . What 's next for the company is unclear . "  We are currently unable to provide any information regarding future tour services , " a message on the company 's website said . Bruce blamed the company 's demise on the sagging economy and more competition in the area offering similar services . Starting Tuesday , wlth Tourmobile no longer running , there will be no bus tours for visitors at Arlington National Cemetery until a new contract is awarded through bidding that will be overseen by the National Park Service . The cemetery covers 624 acres and has 4 million visitors a year , many of whom may find walking the sprawling hallowed grounds too difficult . The park service hopes to have a new tour bus company in place before the end of the year . "  This is a bittersweet time for the  National Park Service  and Tourmobile , as they have faithfully served the needs of millions of visitors for over 42 years , " said Steve Whitesell , regional director of the park service 's National Capital Region . "  Times change , and we are ready to enter a new era for visitors to access our national parks in greater Washington . " Tourist Gretchen Neu , from Racine , Wisconsin , was visiting Washington for the first time and could not imagine touring the cemetery on foot . "  Absolutely not . I mean , you have to have some mode of transportation other than your own car , " Neu said , sitting on the Tourmobile bus as it left the cemetery . Families with loved ones buried at Arlington National Cemetery and those with disabilities will still be able to drive their own cars on the property . Another thing that set Tourmobile apart from other tour operators was the type of buses it used -- more like trams that are common at theme parks . The red , white and blue Tourmobile trams that many Washingtonians have become used to seeing came from Universal Studios in California . "  They are truly relics of a whole other era , " Bruce said just before making his final trip of the day . "  It seemed that that operation worked so well in California that they wanted to try it out here , and that 's how it was born . " What was born over 40 years ago is coming to an end , but Bruce said he 's not ready for retirement and wants to keep showing off the place where he grew up . "  I greet the world every day , and it 's a privilege for me to show the world my hometown , " he said .	Tourmobile Sightseeing began showing visitors the sights of Washington 42 years ago The company announced that Monday would be its last day of operation The company had an exclusive contract for tours of Arlington National Cemetery The National Park Service says it hopes to have a new tour bus company in place by year 's end
CNN  -- A Mali separatist movement on Sunday said it was prepared to act against Islamic militants following the destruction of three sacred tombs in Timbuktu , and called on the United States and France "  to help us kill them . " The tombs , a 15th-century shrine to Muslim saints , are part of a UNESCO World Heritage site in Timbuktu . UNESCO on Saturday condemned the destruction and called for it to stop . The U.N. agency , which sponsors cultural , scientific and educational programs to further peaceful relations between nations , has received reports that three of the site 's 16 mausoleums were "  completely destroyed , " UNESCO Director General Irina Bokova told CNN on Sunday . They are the mausoleums of Sidi Mahmoud , Sidi Moctar and Alpha Moya . Islamic militants set fire to sacred tombs in Timbuktu Timbuktu Mayor Ousmane Halle said that Muslims on their way to Friday worship at the tombs were stopped and threatened by armed men from Ansar Dine , a militant group that seeks to impose strict Sharia law . Ansar Dine has threatened to continue the destruction . "  It 's very , very bad for the Azawad people and the whole world what Ansar Dine has done in Timbuktu . We condemn it completely , " Moussa Ag Assarid , spokesman for the Tuareg rebels ' National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad , or MNLA , said Sunday . The group promotes a separate state it calls Azawad . "  We are ready and preparing to right with these terrorist organizations , " Assarid said . "  We will move soon , and  are  taking our arms and vehicles and material , but we still need help . " The MNLA claims Islamist extremist groups including Ansar Dine , Boko Haram and al Qaeda have seized control of Timbuktu along with the towns of Gao and Kidal , and have killed top MNLA leaders there . "  We call on the USA , France and all other countries who want to stand against Ansar Dine , Boko Haram and al Qaeda who are now holding Timbuktu , Gao and Kidal to help us kill them and help the people in those cities , " Assarid said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is "  concerned by the worsening security and humanitarian situation in northern Mali " and reports of the destruction , his office said in a statement . "  Such attacks against cultural heritage sites are totally unjustified , " the statement said . Witnesses said the destruction began on Friday . "  The militants broke the doors and wooden gates to the grave and then used the cloth inside to set fire to the tomb , " said Sankoum Sissoko of Timbuktu . "  They started chasing people away , telling them they should n't worship a saint , a human being . " The World Heritage Committee on Thursday accepted the request of Mali 's government to place Timbuktu on the list of endangered UNESCO sites . That request was reportedly what angered the militants , who accused UNESCO of cooperating with the government . Timbuktu 's treasures at risk France , the former colonial power in Mali , also condemned the attack , calling for an end to the violence . Mali was plunged into chaos by a military coup in March that ousted former President Amadou Toumani Toure . Since then , the Tuareg rebels and the Islamists have taken advantage of the uncertainty to attempt to seize control over the northern portion of the nation . Rebels burn Timbuktu tomb CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Tuareg rebels say they want the United States and France to help Three tombs at a UNESCO World Heritage site in Timbuktu are reported destroyed Islamist militants say they will continue the destruction
Washington  CNN  -- Psst ! Here 's a truth : Politicians lie . They lie about their personal lives like Anthony Weiner did . And Eliot Spitzer . And Mark Sanford . And Bill Clinton . And John Edwards . Shall we go on ? They lie about policy too . America 's top spy , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper had to issue a statement explaining why he testified before Congress that the U.S. government is not gathering dossiers on American citizens when it 's now clear that the U.S. government is gathering all their Internet and phone data . They lie to supporters . When some Republicans pledge to repeal Obamacare , it might be what the voters back home want to hear . But the lawmakers know it 's not going to happen . Boehner says House will keep trying to stop Obamacare They change their policies between fundraising , campaigning , and governing . President Barack Obama opposed a mandate that people get health insurance when he ran for president . But that did n't stop him from signing one into law . Was that a lie ? Clapper , America 's top spy , found himself admitting to giving "  erroneous " information to Congress . He had testified at a Senate committee that the government was not collecting vast amounts of data from most Americans . "  No sir , " Clapper said . After Edward Snowden leaked NSA secrets , Clapper was forced to write a letter to the Senate Intelligence Committee and apologize . "  I have thought long and hard to recreate what went through my mind at the time , " he said , adding that , "  My response was clearly erroneous -- for which I apologize , " Clapper said . So maybe Eliot Spitzer told the truth about lying when he said on NBC recently , explaining why it 's OK for him to run for office again after his 2011 prostitution scandal , "  I think we all know that politicians dissemble all the time about negotiations , on substantive issues and probably on personal issues as well . " A lot of baseball players have been in the news recently for lying , too . In New York , already coming to grips with the two cads running for citywide office , Alex Rodriguez 's relationship with the truth is about as tenuous as his relationship with the Yankees . He had said he did n't take performance enhancing drugs  PEDs is what they 're calling them these days  . But he tested positive . The Milwaukee Brewers ' Ryan Braun got suspended by Major League Baseball for the rest of the season . He 's now admitted to taking performance-enhancing drugs . That means he lied when he stood in front of TV cameras in 2012 and said , "  I 'd bet my life " PEDs did n't enter his body . They did . And Braun 's life is n't over . He 'll be eligible to play again next year . Let 's be clear , just about everyone lies , according to the experts . And a little lying is OK . Opinion : Will ` sexting ' city give Weiner a pass ? "  The ones who never lie are probably the people we do n't want to be around very much , " said Robert Feldman , dean of the College of Social and Behavioral Sciences at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst . "  They tell us we 're putting on weight or do n't look very good that day . " "  Society socializes us to be deceptive and to tell people the kinds of things they want to hear , " he said , adding that most people get away with most of their little lies . But little lies can beget big lies . And when someone gets away with lying enough and they can justify it to themselves , that 's when you end up with bald-faced lies like Edwards saying the love child was n't his . It was . Or Braun swearing on his life that he had n't taken the drugs . He had . "  So most of the time we get away with our lies , " said Feldman . "  We 're not questioned and it 's fairly easy to be deceptive . A lot of what we see from people who come out with these egregious kinds of lies is they have experience with getting away with being deceptive so they do n't think about the consequences . " Dr. Shaul Shalvi , a psychology professor at Ben Gurion University in Israel , has studied what entices people to lie . In one experiment , participants were given a dollar each time they hit a number on a die . He found they were more likely to lie the more chances they got . "  It is easier to shuffle the facts than to invent new facts , " he said . Why we act on stupid impulses Perhaps Lance Armstrong justified lying about his own long-term use of performance-enhancing drugs because he was feeding his own inspirational narrative as a cancer survivor , Shalvi said . Of course , Armstrong was also enriching himself . Shalvi did n't want to offer an opinion on Weiner or Braun , but Feldman said voters should beware . "  In one sense , society seems to be encouraging people to lie . And then they do this calculus that it 's not going to be that bad , " he said , referring to Bill Clinton , who weathered his lie about having sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky and today is a respected elder statesman . "  If you elect these guys and you expect them to be honest , you 're deluding yourself because they have a history of deception , " said Feldman . "  The best predictor of future behavior is what they 've done in the past . If Anthony Weiner wins this election , the message is that you can do virtually anything and get away with it , multiple times . " Read more : Has the road to political redemption gotten shorter ?	New York Democrat Anthony Weiner is the lastest politician to admit to missteps in his personal life Eliot Spitzer in a recent interview : "  I think we all know that politicians dissemble ... " Expert : "  Society socializes us to be deceptive and to tell people the kinds of things they want to hear " "  If you elect these guys and you expect them to be honest , you 're deluding yourself , " expert added
New York  CNN  -- Bail was set Wednesday at $ 500,000 for a New York film student accused of slashing a cab driver 's throat after asking the driver if he was Muslim . Michael Enright pleaded not guilty last month in the August attack , and the judge said then he would wait to set bail for Enright until he was medically cleared from Bellvue Hospital Center 's psychiatric ward , where he was ordered for mental evaluation in early September . The Manhattan district attorney 's office said if bail is made , Enright must wear a monitoring bracelet and surrender his passport as well as adhere to an 8 p.m. curfew . Enright is facing charges of second-degree attempted murder as a hate crime , second-degree assault as a hate crime , second-degree aggravated harassment as a hate crime , and fourth-degree criminal possession of a weapon in the August 24 incident , according to New York police . Cab driver Ahmed Sharif survived the attack . The Taxi Workers Alliance said Sharif , 43 , a practicing Muslim originally from Bangladesh , was slashed across the neck , face , shoulder and hand . Bleeding profusely , Sharif escaped and flagged down a police officer , who arrested Enright . Authorities said Enright was intoxicated at the time of the incident ; they found an empty bottle of scotch in a backpack he had with him . The attack occurred amid public debate over plans to build an Islamic cultural center and mosque to be called Park51 two blocks from the site of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center . Enright , 21 , was a film student at the School of Visual Arts in Manhattan . People who know him described him after his arrest as someone who worked to build bridges across religious and ethnic boundaries . They were "  shocked and dumbfounded , " said Robert Chase , executive director of Intersections International . Enright volunteered with the nonprofit group , which partially funded a trip he took in the spring to Afghanistan . As part of his thesis , Enright shot a film on American soldiers serving there , Chase said . CNN 's Marina Landis contributed to this report .	Defendant Michael Enright 's bail is set at $ 500,000 If he is freed on bail , he must wear a monitoring bracelet and surrender his passport Enright is accused of stabbing a cab driver after asking the driver if he was Muslim
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- Charmian Gooch , the anti-corruption crusader who co-founded Global Witness , called Tuesday night for action to lift the veil on who owns corporations around the world . She made that wish as she accepted the $ 1 million TED Prize at the TED2014 conference . "  My wish is for us to know who owns and controls companies so that they can no longer be used anonymously against the public good . Let 's ignite world opinion , change the law , and together launch a new era of openness in business . " Her call to expose criminals and corrupt officials came at the end of the first full day of TED 's 30th anniversary conference . Earlier , another speaker on transparency , Edward Snowden , argued his case that NSA surveillance programs infringe privacy for no real benefit . In her TED Prize wish , Gooch made the case that the identity of corporate owners should n't be kept private . She said the development of a public registry of corporate ownership would enable the exposure of tax evasion , terrorism , drug trafficking , conflict minerals , sanctions busting and political corruption . "  This truly is a scandal of epic proportions hidden in plain sight , " Gooch said . In states such as Delaware , she said , it 's easier to set up a company than to get a library card , and in 10 minutes of online shopping you can have a corporation to shield your identity . As examples of the need to ferret out the true ownership of companies , she cited the investigation of the assets owned by the ousted regime of Viktor Yanukovych in Ukraine and said the impoverished people of the Democratic Republic of Congo had been cheated of a billion dollars by anonymous companies . Gooch and her two Global Witness co-founders have also received the $ 1 million Skoll Award for Social Entrepreneurship . Global Witness was founded 20 years ago and gained fame in part from its reporting on how the diamond trade was fueling conflict in Africa . She says the UK government and the European Parliament are "  on board " in support of the public registry , and that her group is working to get support from the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama . "  America is the next big target , " Gooch said . "  It has to come on board . " She said the United States and United Kingdom account for a majority of the cases in which shielded corporate ownership is used to hide crime . Two U.S. senators , Democrat Carl Levin of Michigan and Republican Chuck Grassley of Iowa have introduced a bill that would require states to ask people seeking to set up corporations to disclose their true owners . "  Today , money launderers , arms dealers , drug lords , terrorists and tax evaders are too often able to conceal their misconduct behind a wall of corporate secrecy , " Levin said in a statement . The topics of secrecy and privacy came up in a different context when Snowden told the TED2014 conference from an undisclosed location in Russia on Tuesday that "  we do n't have to give up our liberty to have security . " Appearing on a small screen mounted on a rolling , swiveling robot that looked a bit like an upright vacuum cleaner , the former National Security Agency contractor said , "  I am proof that you can go up against the most powerful intelligence agencies in the world and win . " Snowden said he does n't think of himself as a hero , but TED curator Chris Anderson asked the audience of 1,200 whether he had performed a heroic act , and many agreed . Tim Berners-Lee , the inventor of the World Wide Web , was asked to come on stage and also said he would classify Snowden as a hero . A minority of those in the audience raised their hands to say they considered Snowden 's release of classified government information a "  reckless " act . Snowden endorsed Berners-Lee 's argument that this year 's 25th anniversary of the Web should be the occasion for a new "  magna carta " establishing the right to online freedom . He said people deserve a right to privacy when they order a book online , call their families or travel and should n't be subject to how the government will interpret their acts later . Snowden argued that surveillance has n't prevented terrorist acts and that the fight against terrorism is a cover for intrusive government agencies . The most important thing private companies can do to protect consumers is to encrypt their data , Snowden said . He said the action of someone ordering a copy of the book "  1984 " on Amazon can be discovered by intelligence agencies because the data is not encrypted . Asked about criticism by former Vice President Dick Cheney that he has done enormous damage to America 's national security , Snowden said that "  going to war with people who are not our enemies , in places that are n't threats , does n't make us safe . " Snowden , who has worked with journalists to reveal the secrets he obtained from his work with the NSA , said there will be more revelations . "  Some of the most important reporting to be done is yet to come , " he said .	Charmian Gooch , co-founder of Global Witness , awarded $ 1 million TED Prize Her group campaigns for disclosure of true owners of corporations to fight corruption TED conference also features Edward Snowden , who assails NSA surveillance Snowden says some of his most important revelations have yet to be made
Cameron , Arizona  CNN  -- His high-wire walk did n't start well . Perched on a 2-inch-thick metal cable , 1,500 feet in the air , daredevil Nik Wallenda spat on his hands and wiped the soles of his moccasins . "  These shoes feel slippery . There 's dust on this cable , " the lifelong tightrope walker said Sunday as he was just beginning his quarter-mile trek across the Little Colorado River Gorge near the Grand Canyon without the aid of a safety tether . But an agonizing and an anxiety-filled 22 minutes and 54 seconds later , Wallenda had crossed to the other side , running the final steps to become the first person to traverse the gorge near Grand Canyon Park in Arizona . The wind was worse than he anticipated , he said at one point . And twice he stopped , knelt and regained his composure . "  I was fatigued until I was three-quarters of the way across , and then it was all adrenaline , " he said . The feat was watched by a worldwide audience , according to the Discovery Channel , which televised the event in the United States . At the end , the seventh-generation aerialist threw down his balancing pole , kissed the ground and hugged his wife and three children . "  I can finally breathe again , " Erendira Wallenda said . When asked how he planned to celebrate his successful walk , Wallenda mentioned eating a rib-eye steak . He is a member of the famous Flying Wallendas , founded by his grandfather Karl in the 1920s . But the family 's circus roots go back further than that , Nik said . "  My family has done this for seven generations and 200 years , and I 'm carrying on a legacy . This is something I 've done since I was 2 years old , and it truly is my passion . " Daredevil completes walk across Niagara Falls Wallenda skywalks over Florida highway	Nik Wallenda walked across a wire 1,500 feet above a river in Arizona He said the wind was worse than he expected Without safety rigging , he made the quarter-mile journey with just a balancing pole When asked how he planned to celebrate , he mentioned eating a nice steak
SANTO DOMINGO , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- You 've got your spot on a lounge chair angled into the hot Caribbean sun , with tall , slender palm trees jutting out over your head . As you gaze at the calm turquoise waters and sip that refreshing rum drink , you may ask yourself , "  What more could I possibly want ? " Visitors can climb the tower at Fortaleza Ozama for a view over the rooftops and out to sea . For many travelers to the Dominican Republic , that chair -- usually secluded inside a mega all-inclusive resort complex -- is the sole destination . And do n't get me wrong , it 's a great one . The Dominican Republic 's stretches of sand are some of the best on the planet . But if you never leave the high walls of your tourist compound , you 're missing out on a gem of a capital city . Santo Domingo is the New World 's first city , with 16th-century buildings , quaint colonial streets , romantic ruins and a lively atmosphere . All you need is a full day to experience the city 's architecture , culture and food . Plus , it 's only a $ 9 coach bus ride from Punta Cana . So when you begin to tire of the antics of the "  animation team " at the resort , and the color of your skin starts to resemble the papaya or watermelon you 're eating , consider a short trip to Santo Domingo . Founded soon after Christopher Columbus set foot in the New World , and run by his son Diego , the city became the colonial capital of the Americas and launch pad for further Spanish expeditions . Despite several raids by pirates , the oldest section of town remains largely intact . Known as the Zona Colonial , it contains many European "  firsts " in the Western Hemisphere including the first street , cathedral , hospital and university . How to see it all in a day Start at the heart of the zone , Parque Colón , a square that borders the cathedral and is always full of life . You can sit and watch children chase pigeons as you gaze up at the simple beauty of the oldest cathedral in the Americas . Next , head over to the oldest fortress in the New World , Fortaleza Ozama , built in the early 1500s . There you can climb the tower for a view over the rooftops and out to sea . Back on street level , walk up a couple blocks to the expansive Plaza España , site of two museums and a hangout for locals , especially in the evening , when kids crisscross the square on scooters or fly kites , and couples sit quietly together . The Museo de las Casas Reales and the Alcázar de Colón -- Diego Columbus ' palace -- show you how the wealthy Spanish lived when they came to the early colonies and provide some history of the island 's colonization -- all for a buck or two . Next , head over to a pair of impressive ruins . Gaze up at the towering walls and arches of the Americas ' first hospital , Hospital de San Nicolás de Bari . Then , just up a picturesque bend in the road lined with colorful houses , you 'll find the large ruins of Monasterio de San Francisco . Pirate attacks and earthquakes brought down the monastery . The hospital was merely abandoned in the 18th century , and later dismantled for safety . Now let yourself wander a bit through the streets , checking out the colorful surprises around every colonial corner . You 'll discover the varied architecture of people 's homes , and get a view into Dominican city life . In just a few blocks , I ran across a pickup game of baseball , the national sport and passion , in the middle of the street , with adults using just a broom handle and roll of tape ; several "  kiddie " pools in the streets , where both children and adults were cooling off in the afternoon heat ; and a handful of corner parks alive with activity . After exploring , your final destination is the zone 's main drag , Calle El Conde . This pedestrian-only street is the place to shop . You 'll find street sellers hawking colorful artwork ; music stores to pick up that merengue and bachata music you 've heard blaring out of everyone 's stereos ; and jewelry shops featuring native amber and the sky-blue stone larimar found only in the Dominican Republic . By now , you 've certainly worked up an appetite walking in the hot sun . Parque Colón and Plaza España each have a row of chic sidewalk cafés , although they 're a bit pricey and touristy . Consider wandering a bit through some side streets to find a more local establishment , where you can feast on typical cuisine such as la bandera dominicana  a red beans and rice dish  , several stews , fried plantains or yucca and delicious tropical fruits . And if you still feel like dancing the night away , hop in a taxi to the Malecón , Santo Domingo 's seafront boulevard , where the large hotels have popular dance clubs pumping merengue until the wee hours of the morning . The bus ride Getting to the capital city from the beach areas is cheap and relatively easy . Expreso Bávaro runs from the Punta Cana area for $ 9 in an air-conditioned and comfy coach bus . On your four-hour ride , you 'll get a glimpse of some smaller Dominican towns , a towering modern cathedral , distant mountains and vast sugarcane fields . Metro and Caribe Tours provide similar services from the beaches on the north coast around Puerto Plata . The buses to/from Punta Cana do n't run long into the evening  they leave each side at 7 a.m. , 10 a.m. , 2 p.m. , and 4 p.m.  , so you 'll want to make this an overnight trip . The Zona Colonial has several boutique hotels that are quaint , clean and reasonably priced . You could even arrange to fly out of Santo Domingo 's Las Americas airport , rather than Punta Cana .	Santo Domingo , the Dominican Republic 's capital , was the New World 's first city Explore 16th-century buildings , colonial streets , romantic ruins and Dominican city life Cheap , comfortable buses connect to the city from beach areas
CNN  -- Real Madrid could be without star striker Cristiano Ronaldo for the next three weeks due to the Portugal captain 's hamstring injury . The world 's most expensive player started in Saturday 's Madrid derby despite coming off with an injury against Lyon in midweek , but left the field in the second half of the 2-1 win over Atletico . He had returned against the French team after sustaining a thigh injury during Real 's 7-0 defeat of Malaga on March 3 . Coach Jose Mourinho admitted he had taken a risk by playing the club 's 26-year-old top scorer , saying : "  I did n't want the championship to end today and Cristiano Ronaldo is very important to us . " A statement on Real 's website revealed that the former Manchester United player will miss Portugal 's home friendly games against Chile on March 26 and Finland three days later , both in Leiria . He is likely to miss Madrid 's next La Liga game against Sporting Gijon the following weekend , and is battling to be fit to face English club Tottenham in the first leg of the European Champions League quarterfinal on April 5 . "  After a medical control and scan at the Sanitas hospital , Cristiano Ronaldo is suffering from a first-grade lesion to the hamstring in his left leg . The player will be out for three weeks , " the club said on Sunday . Meanwhile , Villarreal moved up to third place in La Liga with a 1-0 victory at Athletic Bilbao on Sunday . Marco Ruben 's 58th-minute header put the Yellow Submarine above Valencia on goal difference ahead of the visit by league leaders Barcelona on April 3 . Valencia remained on 54 points , 24 points behind Barca , after suffering a third successive defeat , losing 1-0 at home to Sevilla . Croatian midfielder Ivan Rakitic fired in a left-foot volley in the 70th minute to boost seventh-placed Sevilla 's hopes of qualifying for Europe , leaving the club behind Bilbao on goal difference . Valencia , beaten 4-0 by Zaragoza last weekend following the club 's Champions League exit , went close to scoring as Brazilian striker Jonas Goncalves hit the post and Juan Mata had an effort pushed onto the bar by Sevilla goalkeeper Javi Varas . Fifth-placed Espanyol suffered a seventh defeat in nine games as Malaga moved off the bottom with a 2-0 home victory . Venezuelan striker Jose Rondon scored both goals to move to 12 this season as his team won back-to-back matches for the first time in 2010-11 . Hercules dropped to the bottom after a 4-0 home loss to 10th-placed Osasuna , with the promoted club left level on 26 points with Almeria -- who lost 1-0 to fellow strugglers Sporting Gijon . Racing Santander stayed a point above Gijon after beating Real Sociedad 2-1 . Levante joined Osasuna and Sociedad on 35 points with a 1-0 win at Deportivo La Coruna thanks to a last-minute winner by striker Ruben Suarez .	Cristiano Ronaldo ruled out for the next three weeks due to a hamstring problem Real Madrid star will miss international matches and possibly a Champions League tie Villarreal claim third place in Spain after winning 1-0 against Athletic Bilbao Valencia drop to fourth on goal difference after losing by same score at home to Sevilla
CNN  North Korea has expressed regret over the killing of four Chinese citizens by an army deserter near the China-North Korea border , China 's foreign ministry said on Wednesday . The runaway soldier shot four Chinese citizens after a robbery attempt in late December in Helong , a city near the Tumen River that divides the two countries . China 's foreign ministry spokesperson said North Korea voiced regret over the incident after China lodged a formal diplomatic complaint against them on Monday . "  The DPRK side expressed its regret that such incident happened , and conveyed its sympathy to the family of the victims , " said Hong Lei , spokesperson for China 's Ministry of Foriegn Affairs in a press conference . The defector was shot by the Chinese police in a manhunt operation , and has died from injuries suffered during his capture according to the ministry . He added that the incident is being handled as an individual criminal case . There have been previous reports of runaway North Korean soldiers and citizens attempting robbery in search of food . A restaurant owner who lives in Dandong , another city bordering North Korea , recalled a harrowing incident in early 2013 . "  One night , I heard a dog barking outside , so I got up to check what was going on . In the dim lighting , I saw a man dressed like a North Korean soldier stealing things from my restaurant , " the unnamed owner was quoted in The Global Times . "  I yelled at him and he held up his gun as if he was ready to shoot . I was terrified and ran back to my room . He stole some meat and fled by speedboat . " In most cases , intruding soldiers were after food , and do not have the intention to harm people , making it rare that such violent cases would occur , reported the Chinese state-run newspaper . Thousands of North Koreans have tried to flee the country in hopes to escape the totalitarian regime . However , China has a uniform policy for sending defectors back to North Korea , ruling them as "  illegal economic migrants . " READ MORE : Chinese ` snakehead ' gangs offer only escape for North Korea 's defectors CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	North Korea voices regret over killing of four Chinese citizens by army deserter China had lodged a diplomatic complaint to Pyongyang A DPRK soldier shot four after a robbery attempt near the border in late December
Swat Valley , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Sabaoon School for boys in northern Pakistan is anything but average . Nestled amid the bucolic charm of the Swat Valley 's fertile terraced fields and steeply rising crags it looks idyllic . But if you get up close , a harsher reality becomes clear . Two army check-posts scrutinize visitors entering the sprawling site . Once inside , the high razor wire-topped walls around the classroom compounds create a feeling reminiscent of a prison . The boys here , aged 8 to 18 , were all militants at some point . Some are killers , some helped build and plant improvised explosive devices , and others were destined to be suicide bombers until they were captured or turned over to the Pakistani army . All of them are at the school to be de-radicalized . Ninety-nine percent of the boys , I am told , have never heard of Osama bin Laden , despite the fact he was killed by U.S. Navy SEALs in the next valley over from here . What has radicalized these boys instead , the school 's director says , is what turns teenagers the world over to crime : poverty , poor education , limited prospects and often lack of parental control . It is in this setting that the boys have made ready recruits for Taliban scouts who wean them on tales of the U.S. drone strikes that have killed scores of Pakistani women and children over the past few years . EXCLUSIVE : Musharraf admits to secret drone deals The walls of the school , I learn , are not so much to keep the boys in , but to keep the local Taliban out . A few years ago they held sway in the Swat Valley , and while the army has since reclaimed control , the militants remain a threat -- particularly for the teachers . The boys here are being schooled in basic math and literature . Drama and sports are also encouraged , as is art . Physiologists evaluate the boys and offer council , and a religious scholar is attempting to draw them away from extremist ideology and back towards mainstream Islam . For Pakistan it is a new approach to radicalism that has been forged out of necessity . The director tells me the need for more resources in Swat is huge . Just a few days before our visit , a dozen more child militants were arrested by Pakistani officials . The U.N. Special Rapporteur on drones , British lawyer Ben Emmerson , recently visited Pakistan and told me : "  The consequence of drone strikes has been to radicalize an entirely new generation . " READ MORE : U.S. drone program by the numbers In early March he spent close to a week in Pakistan meeting government officials and tribal leaders , some of who claim to have lost family members in strikes . Since 2003 there have been more than 350 drone strikes in Pakistan , but no one has a reliable figure for precisely how many have been killed . The New America Foundation estimates that in Pakistan , drones have killed between 1,953 and 3,279 people since 2004 -- and that between 18 % and 23 % of them were not militants . The nonmilitant casualty rate was down to about 10 % in 2012 , the group says . A study by the Bureau of Investigative Journalism estimates that since 2004 , Pakistan has had 365 drone strikes that have killed between 2,536 and 3,577 people -- including 411 to 884 civilians . U.S. President Barack Obama has maintained the strikes are necessary for defeating al Qaeda and the Taliban , but others including Emmerson have their doubts . READ MORE : U.S. drone kills 4 , Pakistani sources say He said : "  Through the use of drones you may win the immediate battle you are waging against this particular faction or that particular faction ... but you are losing the war in the longer term . " Emmerson 's legal insights will form the basis of his report to the U.N. , expected later this year . For the United States , at least , it could make for a damning read . Emmerson says the drone strikes are illegal under international law as they violate Pakistan 's sovereignty and fly in the face of Pakistani government calls for them to desist -- and that they also legalize al Qaeda 's fight against America . He said : "  If it is lawful for the U.S. to drone al Qaeda associates whereever they find them , then it is also lawful for al Qaeda to target U.S. military or infrastructure where ever  militants  find them . " Until now the U.S. has used its own lawyers to give legitimacy to the covert war being waged by drones . Now Emmerson believes it is time to challenge them . "  There is a real risk that by promulgating the analysis that is currently being developed and relied up by the United States they legitimize , in international law , al Qaeda , by turning it in to an armed belligerent involved in a war and that makes the use of force by al Qaeda and its associates lawful , " he told me . The boys of Sabaoon School are at the sharp end of the drone debate and are living with its consequences . And in the relative safety of these classrooms , there 's little doubt change is long overdue . Drones killing innocent Pakistanis , U.N. official says	Sabaoon School in Pakistan 's Swat Valley works to de-radicalize local youth U.N. Special Rapporteur : U.S. drone strikes here have radicalized a new generation Up to 3,500 people have been killed in Pakistan by U.S. drone strikes since 2004 Between 18 % and 23 % of those killed were not militants , according to one report
Mother Nature Network  -- The phrase "  organic farming " was coined in 1940 by Lord Northbourne , a British author and Olympic athlete who helped launch the organic movement . Joined by fellow organic pioneers like J.I. Rodale , Lady Eve Balfour and Albert Howard , he championed farms as natural ecosystems , and railed against chemical fertilizers and pesticides . "  The farm itself must have a biological completeness , " he wrote . "  It must be a living entity ... which has within itself a balanced organic life . " Those words still resonate with many farmers and shoppers today , however , they were drowned out for decades by famine . Earth 's human population grew 293 percent in the 20th century -- compared with an average of 22 percent each of the previous nine centuries -- and farmers could n't keep up . As hunger spread , an Iowa agronomist named Norman Borlaug came to the rescue in the early 1940s , using man-made pesticides , fertilizers and crossbred crops to start the Green Revolution , which saved countless lives and won him the 1970 Nobel Prize . MNN : How to cut costs when shopping at the farmers market It also highlighted a common critique of organic farming : It 's already hard to feed billions of people , even without rules against spraying chemicals or swapping genes . Borlaug 's methods often raised yields while reducing acreage , and it seemed for years he 'd proven the organic movement wrong . But "  chemical farming , " as Lord Northbourne called it , lost some luster when synthetic pesticides and fertilizers were linked to environmental ills like cancer , blue baby syndrome , dying eagles and dead zones . Ecologists warned of gene pollution from genetically modified organisms , and overuse of livestock antibiotics was widely blamed for drug-resistant "  superbugs . " This created an opening for organic farming in the late 20th century , and today there are an estimated 1.4 million organic farms worldwide , including some 13,000 certified in the U.S. . Yet despite these gains , organic farms still struggle to match the output of conventional ones -- no small detail since there are now about 6.9 billion people on Earth , three times the 1940 population . And with that number forecast to hit 9 billion by 2050 , the future of organic farming remains unclear . MNN : Farms of America from the 1930s and '40s It seems especially murky during economic dips like the recent recession , when higher-priced products of all kinds tend to suffer . But does organic food 's premium price translate into any real health or environmental benefits ? Critics like Alex Avery do n't think so -- the conservative author and researcher has compared "  organic-food fanatics " to the terrorist group Hezbollah , and wrote a book in 2006 called "  The Truth About Organic Foods " that , according to his website , "  strips bare organic myths . " While supporters say organic farming merely reveals the true cost of food , Avery and other critics say it makes food unaffordable . Aside from supporting synthetic pesticides and fertilizers , they 've focused their ire lately on critics of genetically modified organisms . "  For nearly a decade these agri-extremists have attempted to totally block agricultural biotechnology , " Avery wrote in 2003 , calling GMOs "  the most important and critically needed agricultural advance in human history . " A brief history of organic farming Early farmers had no choice but organic farming , and they still achieved some major milestones over the years , like taming the first grains in Mesopotamia or turning a thin grass called teosinte into plump , protein-packed corn . Agriculture has stayed largely organic for most of its 10,000-year history , from the first Fertile Crescent plots to the plantations of colonial America . Some plants would control pests and soil quality naturally , and humans helped by rotating their crops ; if extra fertilizer was needed , manure usually filled in . But some farmers used toxic additives as early as 4,500 years ago , when Sumerians dusted crops with sulphur to kill insects . Within a few centuries , the Chinese were killing lice with heavy metals like arsenic and mercury , a strategy later applied to crop pests . MNN : Where to find coupons for organic or natural products Arsenic remained king of bug killers from medieval times up to the mid-1900s , when science found something more effective . DDT had been created in 1874 , but it was overlooked as an insecticide until 1939 , when Swiss chemist Paul Müller made a world-changing discovery that won him a Nobel Prize . German chemists had already invented a process by then for synthesizing ammonia to make nitrogen fertilizers , for which they also won Nobel Prizes . Borlaug then mixed these and other modern tactics to fight famines in Mexico , India and the Philippines , securing his own place in history . Meanwhile , a rival revolution still simmered below the surface , advocating ancient tools like compost and cover crops . It was led in the U.S. by magazine magnate and Rodale Institute founder J.I. Rodale , who popularized organic farming in the 1960s and '70s as environmental attitudes were already in flux . When Congress officially defined "  organic " in 1990 and set up national certification rules , it quickly triggered an organic bonanza . USDA-certified acreage grew by an average 16 percent a year from 2000 to 2008 , and still grew 5 percent in 2009 even amid the recession , points out U.S. National Organic Program spokeswoman Soo Kim . "  I 'm no forecaster , " she says , "  but I 'd have to say there 's a strong demand for it , and I would expect that to continue . " For more on the benefits and downsides of organic farming , read the complete story at MNN.com . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	World population outgrew ability of farmers to feed everyone in the early 20th century Growers started using more pesticides , fertilizers J.I. Rodale popularized organic farming in the 1960s and '70s Sales of organic foods continue to rise
CNN  -- Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is known for bold disagreement , conservative arguments , pointed questions and the occasional crude hand gesture , and still , it 's been an intense few months for one of the high court 's most polarizing figures , with biting insults hurled in his direction . Last month , Scalia dissented in the U.S. Supreme Court 's 5-4 health care ruling , writing that the court undermined values of "  caution , minimalism , and the understanding that the federal government is one of limited powers . " Three days earlier , when the high court mostly rejected Arizona 's immigration law , Scalia 's minority opinion showed he was "  more than usually outraged , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . In a solo dissent read from the bench , the 76-year-old dressed down the Obama administration and suggested Arizona would n't have entered the union if it had known how the ruling would come down : "  If securing its territory in this fashion is not within the power of Arizona , we should cease referring to it as a sovereign state . " While many call Scalia a brilliant legal mind , his dissent on the court 's Arizona immigration decision was accused of being too political , "  more like a right-wing blogger or Fox News pundit , " according to Politico . The Daily Beast called it "  his churlish and self-aggrandizing and probably unethical tirade . " An opinion in Salon called Scalia an "  increasingly intolerant and intolerable blowhard : a pompous celebrant of his own virtue and rectitude " -- in short , the headline said , a "  ranting old man . " Liberal Washington Post opinion writer E.J. Dionne Jr. called for Scalia to resign . "  Justice Scalia , by the end of the term , was apoplectic , " SCOTUSblog publisher Tom Goldstein told NPR this week -- and even that , Goldstein said , might be an understatement . "  Justice Scalia cares so passionately about these issues that he wears his heart on his sleeve and the blood runs through his pen . " It 's hardly the first time the justice 's words and actions have sparked debate and criticism . He 's the longest-serving justice on the court currently , one who opposes abortion , gay rights and affirmative action . He advocates for separation of powers and consistently votes in favor of free speech , even when he does n't agree with what 's said . "  If it were up to me and I were king , I would take scruffy , bearded , sandal-wearing idiots who go around burning the flag and put them in jail , " Scalia once said of a decision that upheld the right to burn the U.S. flag -- a decision he agreed with . In 2004 , he refused to recuse himself from a case involving Dick Cheney , even though he 'd gone duck hunting with the vice president when the court was considering an appeal involving Cheney 's energy task force . The same year , a U.S. marshal guarding the justice confiscated a reporter 's tape recorder and erased comments he made at a Mississippi school . The Justice Department found the marshal had violated the law , and Scalia apologized , but denied the seizure . Sometimes , he need not bother with opening his mouth or picking up his pen : When confronted by a reporter outside a Boston church in 2006 , Scalia used a certain Italian hand gesture some call vulgar . "  I do n't think he cares , " Scalia biographer Joan Biskupic told CNN in 2009 . "  He 's got these intense feelings he 's not going to keep in check . " Scalia was born in Trenton , New Jersey , an only child who went on to have nine children of his own with his wife , Maureen McCarthy . "  Nino , " as friends and family call him , was the lone offspring of two immigrant Italian families and "  the center of their universe , " said Biskupic , who published "  American Original : The Life and Constitution of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia " in 2009 . But that meant he carried the burden of his extended family 's attention and desire for success . He attended Harvard Law School and went on to practice law . He also taught law at the University of Virginia , the University of Chicago , Georgetown and Stanford and work as an assistant attorney general and judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals before Ronald Reagan nominated him to the Supreme Court . "  I found the conflicts in terms of being a product of two different families continue to reveal himself , " Biskupic said . "  The father was quite cerebral , was a professor , always had his nose in a book , he did n't abide any kind of silliness . And his mother 's side was much more flamboyant . You had these contrasting families , and , as I write in the book , he learned to deal with conflict and tension early on in his life , and went on to readily generate it as an adult . " His demeanor on the bench and in writing is n't a facade for the public , Biskupic said . "  He actually is very confrontational behind the scenes , just as he is in public . He 's very defiant . But he also can be quite funny , quite casual , generous and decent , " Biskupic said . "  His best friend on the bench is Justice  Ruth Bader  Ginsburg " -- a low-key , liberal justice but , like Scalia , a native New Yorker who loves opera . "  He 's many things . He 's very consistent on the law , but he 's a lot of things in terms of his personality , " she added . Indeed , he has a reputation as a language appreciator and grammar geek , as well as a voracious questioner with fierce opinions about almost everything . Bryan A. Garner , a lawyer who collaborated with Scalia on two books , 2008 's "  Making Your Case : The Art of Persuading Judges , " and "  Reading Law : The Interpretation of Legal Texts , " told The New Yorker they nearly a canceled the second text , released last month , over a disagreement about contractions like "  do n't " and "  ca n't . " While Garner found them acceptable , Scalia "  finds them ` intellectually abominable , but commercially reasonable . ' " "  Justice Scalia is an intellectual pugilist , throwing some very hard punches , " Garner told The New Yorker . His colleagues on the bench know his style well . In a 2011 tribute to Scalia 's 25 years on the bench , Roberts noted Scalia was nominated in 1986 "  and the place has n't been the same since . " No other justices spoke during the tribute -- they just smiled . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia wrote bombastic dissents on major opinions this term Scalia faced criticism and a call to resign after his dissent on Arizona 's immigration law The Supreme Court justice will appear on "  Piers Morgan Tonight " at 9 p.m. ET Wednesday
CNN  -- Watching the returns in key congressional and gubernatorial races on election night , you might be forgiven for thinking the 2014 midterm elections were a slam dunk for Republicans , with voters roundly endorsing not only conservative candidates but also conservative ideas . But that means you have n't paid attention to the ballot measures . In votes on everything from "  fetal personhood " amendments to the minimum wage , voters even in the reddest of red states sided with the progressive camp . As Ben Casselman of FiveThirtyEight succinctly summed it up in an Election Night tweet : "  So voters want a higher minimum wage , legal pot , abortion access and GOP representation . Ok then . " Here 's a look at the befuddling outcomes in ballot measure contests , contrasted with the other results on Election Night , and what they might portend for the future . Minimum wage Voters in three states -- Arkansas , Nebraska and South Dakota -- voted to approve increases in their state minimum wage rates . In Nebraska , for instance , voters decided to raise the state minimum wage from the current federal minimum of just $ 7.25 an hour to $ 8.00 in 2015 and $ 9.00 in 2016 . In South Dakota , voters approved a measure to raise the federal minimum wage up to $ 8.50 next year , and after that have their minimum wage increase with inflation . Voters in Alaska are also expected to approve a similar measure . And in Illinois , voters backed a nonbinding measure encouraging lawmakers to raise the minimum wage in that state . This happened even as the same voters chose to send Republicans to Washington and their state capitols -- the same Republicans who have been blocking minimum wage legislation . Confused ? Perhaps the voters were , too . For instance , in Alaska , enthusiasm for raising the minimum wage was so strong going into the election that Republican Senate candidate Dan Sullivan reversed his previous position opposing the minimum wage hike and came out in support of the ballot measure . As Katrina vanden Heuvel wrote in the Washington Post , anticipating these votes , "  It shows , once again , that the American people want to see genuinely progressive reforms " -- even when , vexingly , they are n't voting for progressive candidates . Marijuana legalization Either because Snoop Dogg is the most influential political voice in America or because weed is really , really popular -- or maybe both -- Oregon and Washington , D.C. , both passed ballot measures to legalize the use and possession of small amounts of marijuana . Voters in Alaska were expected to approve a similar measure . Meanwhile , voters in at least three Michigan cities backed measures to remove fines for small amounts of marijuana possession  as have other Michigan cities in past elections  . And while voters in Lewiston , Maine , voted against pot legalization , the city of South Portland just down the road voted to endorse legalization . The main buzz kill was in Florida , where a constitutional amendment to legalize medical marijuana failed to garner the 60 % of votes needed to pass . The measure got just 58 % support . And finally in Washington state , where weed is already legal , voters debated the next burning topic : how to tax it . As of this writing , the results of the Washington measure were , let 's just say , hazy . Restrictions on pregnant women It 's distinctly possible that conservatives in Colorado were high when the proposed a so-called "  fetal personhood " ballot measure . Similar measures already failed on the ballot in 2008 and 2010 but that did n't stop extremists from trying again . They put a measure on the ballot to amend the Colorado state constitution to include fetuses in the definition of "  person " and "  child " in the state 's criminal code , a change that would unleash all kinds of dangerous ramifications not only for reproductive freedom in the state , but for fertility treatments , birth control and the basic rights of pregnant women . Thankfully , yet again , Colorado 's "  personhood " amendment failed by an almost 2-to-1 margin . Oddly , Colorado voters elected Republican Cory Gardner , who co-sponsored and defended similar "  personhood " legislation -- though Gardner tried to run away from his anti-abortion stance late in the race . Also Tuesday night , a similar measure to restrict the rights of pregnant women was struck down by a roughly 2-to-1 margin in North Dakota -- a state that Mitt Romney won in 2012 by a similar margin . In Tennessee , by a 54-46 % margin , voters did approve a measure to modify the state 's constitution to explicitly restrict abortion rights and give state legislators unfettered power to regulate -- and ban -- abortion services . There are already stringent restrictions on abortion in Tennessee but not codified in the state 's constitution . Now the state constitution designed expressly to protect the rights and liberties of all Tennesseans has been severely altered to deny rights to women in the state and restrict the basic freedom to control their own bodies . Gun safety A little over a week before the election , a student in Marysville , Washington , opened fire inside a high school , shooting five classmates . Three of the victims died , as did the shooter , who took his own life . This undoubtedly was fresh in the mind of Washington state voters as they considered two competing ballot measures in the election : one to require background checks on all gun sales , including those bought at gun shows and online , the other to prevent the state from passing any background checks measures unless or until the federal government does so first . Voters passed the first measure and rejected the second . Polling before the vote found that support for expanding background checks increased following the shooting . Hopefully , other states wo n't wait for mass atrocities before enacting similar common-sense gun safety laws . Meanwhile , voters in Alabama and Mississippi passed constitutional amendments codifying the right of people in those states to "  hunt , fish and harvest wildlife . " As if doing so were somehow in jeopardy . But in the context of laws to promote safe access and ownership to guns , both measures were cast in a political context -- and both were supported by the National Rifle Association . Criminal justice reform Voters in California backed a major change in the state 's criminal justice code . Minor drug and theft charges will now be considered misdemeanors instead of felonies and come with shorter prison sentences -- a maximum of one year in jail instead of three years under current law . The change will affect 1 in 5 of those incarcerated in the state who are sentenced for minor drug possession or writing bad checks . Thousands will be able to petition to have their sentences immediately reduced . The ballot measure was supported by everyone from George Soros and his Open Society Institute to Jay Z to CNN 's own Newt Gingrich , all of whom think California has better things to spend its money on than warehousing citizens for petty offenses . Gambling Voters in Massachusetts voted not to repeal a 2011 law that allowed gambling in the state , in effect revoking the license of three already-operating casinos there . California voters looked likely to reject an off-reservation casino by one Indian tribe . And Colorado voters rejected a measure to allow expanded betting at horse tracks -- which is probably a good thing being that it 's Colorado , the first state to legalize marijuana . Though it is presumably still legal for Coloradans to informally bet on whether the horses are high .	Sally Kohn : Results of ballot initiatives favored progressive outcomes , defied GOP sweep Three states voted to hike minimum wage even as they elected GOP candidates Several states voted to legalize possession of small amounts of pot Kohn : Restrictions on pregnant women failed in 2 states , passed in Tennessee
CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news update at 2:05 a.m. ET -RSB- CNN  -- A tornado touched down in Golden City , Missouri , early Monday morning and tore through two counties , Barton County Emergency Management Director Tom Ryan said . The number of injuries and extent of damage were not immediately clear . -LSB- Breaking news update at 1:56 a.m. ET -RSB- CNN  -- Two people missing from a trailer park in central Oklahoma have been found , Pottawatomie County Sheriff Mike Booth said . The two residents were not there when a tornado devastated Steelman Estates , destroying homes . -LSB- Earlier story , updated at 11:25 p.m. ET -RSB- Four-state tornado outbreak kills 1 CNN  -- At least one person was killed and around a dozen injured Sunday when a string of tornadoes tore through four states , ripping roofs off homes , downing power lines and tossing trees like matchsticks . The death happened at a trailer park in Pottawatomie County , Oklahoma , said Sheriff Mike Booth . He had no details , other than that the deceased was an adult male . Rescue crews were picking through the mangled metal remains of mobile homes as darkness fell Sunday . As many as 26 tornadoes were reported in Oklahoma , Kansas , Illinois and Iowa , according to the National Weather Service , with Oklahoma and Kansas being the hardest hit . Some of those reports might have been of the same tornado . Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin declared a state of emergency for 16 counties . One tornado touched down near Wellston , Oklahoma , taking out power lines and damaging several homes , according to video from CNN affiliate KFOR . The affiliate 's helicopter pilot estimated the funnel cloud to be about a half-mile wide . "  It 's tearing up everything , " the pilot said . "  Just ripping everything up in its sight . " Aerial video from KFOR and CNN affiliate KOCO showed severe damage near Wellston and near Carney , Oklahoma . Roofs were ripped from homes , branches stripped from trees and roads were filled with debris . Tornadoes were also reported east of Dale , west of Paden , and near Prague in Oklahoma . Part of Interstate 40 in Shawnee , Oklahoma , was shut down in both directions Sunday night after a tornado touched down there , overturning multiple tractor-trailers . Eleven patients were being treated at St. Anthony Shawnee Hospital in Shawnee , Oklahoma , said spokeswoman Carla Tollett . Ten were not critical and will be released , while one remains in critical condition , she said . Still more tornadoes were spotted in Iowa , near Earlham , Huxley and east of Dallas Center , according to the weather service . It did not mince words , telling people to take cover there , as elsewhere . "  You could be killed if not underground or in a tornado shelter . Complete destruction of neighborhoods , businesses and vehicles will occur . Flying debris will be deadly to people and animals , " it said in a Kansas advisory . The twisters are part of a severe weather outbreak that is sweeping through the region as storms move east . Baseball-sized hail , wind gusts and tornadoes are threatening to pummel parts of the central Plains and Midwest through Monday . "  We still have a couple of active cells , and so we do n't know for sure that it 's over yet , " said Jerry Lojka with the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management . Beyond the Midwest , other areas saw severe weather on Sunday . In Atlanta , serious flooding was reported amid storms producing heavy rainfall . Here 's a quick look at CNN meteorologist Melissa Le Fevre 's forecast for Monday for hard-hit Midwestern states : Kansas The surface front may stall on Monday , leading to showers and thunderstorms through the day . Localized heavy rainfall may lead to the need for flood watches and warnings . Oklahoma There is a threat for strong storms in the late afternoon . With the heavy rain that will occur through the weekend , flooding could become a problem Monday night . Iowa Showers and storms are expected to develop on Monday afternoon . Large hail is possible and though the tornado threat looks low , it can not be ruled out . Missouri Flooding is expected to become an issue after localized heavy rainfall . Afternoon storms could produce large hail , damaging wind gusts and possible tornadoes . In St. Louis , storms will reorganize during the afternoon and evening hours . Threats include large hail , damaging winds and the possibility of tornadoes . CNN 's Nick Valencia , AnneClaire Stapleton , Sean Morris , Jackie Castillo and Alexandra Steele contributed to this report .	NEW : A tornado strikes Missouri early Monday , a county official says "  We do n't know for sure that it 's over yet , " says an official Tornadoes tear through Oklahoma , Kansas , Illinois and Iowa One person is killed in Pottawatomie County , Oklahoma
Paris  CNN  -- Severe weather continued to disrupt travel across Europe Thursday , as heavy snowfall forced a border closure between France and Luxembourg and stranded thousands of airline passengers in Germany 's busiest airport . The relentless snowfall shut down traffic on the A31 , a major highway , which prompted the closing of the border . The severe weather also forced German officials to cancel 239 flights and order a four-hour shutdown of the Frankfurt airport . German 's second largest airport , in Munich , announced the cancellation of 51 flights , most of them resulting from canceled flights at other airports . The border closing and flight cancellations come a day after heavy snow paralyzed travel in the Paris region , where officials suspended air traffic at one of Europe 's busiest airports , closed several highways and shut down the Eiffel Tower . The tourist attraction reopened Thursday as officials downgraded a weather warning for central France from orange to yellow . French police urged motorists to avoid driving unless absolutely necessary to get to work . However , Gérard Gauzet , director of Paris motorways , said Thursday morning that "  traffic should be back to normal by mid-afternoon . " The Paris Metro is also running smoothly , but weather continues to delay some bus traffic , which was completely shut down by snow on Wednesday . At Charles de Gaulle airport , "  air traffic is almost back to normal , " according to an airport spokeswoman . "  However , passengers should be prepared for delays and cancellations depending on the airline , " the spokeswoman said . Snowfall shut down air traffic for several hours in the afternoon Wednesday . The Wednesday traffic jams in the Parisian metro area set a new record . According to the National Center for Highway Information , snarled traffic lined 420 kilometers of roadways around the capital . Shelters opened in the region to take in stranded motorists , and many people reported spending the night in their offices after being unable to get home . Some disruptions were also reported on the region 's railways Wednesday , with the high-speed TGV trains limited to a speed of 230 kph instead of the usual speeds of up to 320 kph , and several trains were delayed . Journalist Celine Martelet of radio station RMC told CNN affiliate BFM-TV on Wednesday she had been blocked on a highway near Paris for three hours . "  There 's an incredible silence , not one noise , " she said . "  People are leaving their cars and trying to go on foot . I saw one man on skis , who was going to find his wife who was stuck in a traffic jam two kilometers away . He was going to help her get out of her car . " CNN 's Alanne Orjoux , Saskya Vandoorne and Winnie Andrews contributed to this report	Thousands of air travelers are stranded at Frankfurt 's airport French commuters are urged not to drive unless absolutely necessary The Eiffel Tower reopens
Cairo  CNN  -- It was a welcome more suited for a rock star than a wanted man . A mob of cheering fans surrounded Egypt 's high court on Sunday , chanting Bassem Youssef 's name . Two years ago , Youssef was a heart surgeon producing satirical YouTube videos from inside his Cairo apartment . Now , he 's one of Egypt 's best-known television personalities , with a nationally broadcast program that has drawn comparisons to Jon Stewart 's "  The Daily Show " for its irreverent take on Egyptian politics . But the popularity he won by pushing the boundaries of free speech comes with a price . Egypt 's public prosecutor summoned Youssef for questioning on Sunday , accusing him of insulting President Mohamed Morsy and Islam . He was released on $ 2,200 bail in response to three lawsuits filed against him , the prosecutor general 's office told CNN . Youssef 's satirical commentary did n't stop during his questioning on Sunday . The blue-eyed comedian offered a steady stream of Twitter posts about the experience . He mocked officers recording his physical description for asking him his eye color as he stood in front of them . He poked fun at the prosecutor 's office , tweeting that officials could not find a laptop to see episodes from his show . "  A policeman and a lawyer from the General Prosecutors Office want to take their pictures with  me  . Could this be the reason I was summoned ? " he wrote . The prosecutor has said Youssef 's weekly show is insulting not just to the president but to Islam itself . In recent days , some lawyers filed complaints on behalf of Egyptians making those allegations . But the prosecutor has provided no details , and Youssef is a practicing Muslim . It is a crime in Egypt to insult any religion . In December , Youssef said that he thought Morsy and other Egyptian politicians were accepting his show , "  Al Bernameg "  "  The Program "  . "  I think this is actually the best time to have a political satire program in Egypt , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  Basically we are the drama queen of the world , with everything happening . We 're kind of the international political soap opera , " he said . "  So it 's a great time and era to have a political satire to comment on everything that 's happening . " But he noted that some Egyptians had accused him of being anti-Islam . "  I 'm proud to be an Egyptian and a Muslim , " he told Amanpour . "  My mom is always concerned every time I go on TV . She 's afraid that I 'm going to be caught and put in prison . But you know , that 's what moms do . But I satirize . The way it goes down with people , many are actually accepting it . And actually , it 's empowering a lot of people that they think that this speaks on their behalf . " Recently some people critical of Morsy 's government have been arrested or brought in for questioning , a tactic critics have said is reminiscent of the ousted Hosni Mubarak government . Some have accused the government of trying to stifle free speech . "  Pathetic efforts to smother dissent and intimidate media is a sign of a shaky regime and a bunker mentality , " Mohamed ElBaradei , an Egyptian opposition leader and former director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency , wrote in a Twitter post Saturday . In January , Morsy told CNN he was committed to allowing free speech in his country . Social media helped propel Youssef to fame , and social media posts swelled in support of him Sunday . But after he was released on bail , the TV host offered a more serious message to his 1.2 million Twitter followers : "  Touched by people 's support and media attention , however , there are many more activists being prosecuted that deserve to get that support . " CNN 's Ian Lee reported from Cairo . CNN 's Amir Ahmed reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Neda Farshbaf and journalist Adam Makary contributed to this report .	Complaints have been filed alleging that Bassem Youssef insulted Islam , Egypt 's president The popular Egyptian television host is released on bond after questioning by prosecutors Youssef is a satirist whom some compare to Jon Stewart for his irreverent take on politics While he was questioned , he mocked officials in a string of Twitter posts
Defense attorneys for Amanda Knox are expected to present their final arguments in Italy Thursday continuing an effort to to counter prosecutors ' portrayal of her as a cunning "  femme fatale . " Knox 's attorneys statements Thursday follow arguments presented earlier this week by the lawyer of her co-defendant . Lawyer Giulia Bongiorno said on Tuesday that Knox is not the character the media has painted her as and urged a jury to acquit Knox and his client , Rafaelle Sollecito , of murdering Meredith Kercher . Bongiorno compared Knox to the voluptuous cartoon character Jessica Rabbit , who protests , "  I 'm not bad , I 'm just drawn that way , " in the movie "  Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? " Bongiorno , who represents Sollecito -- Knox 's former boyfriend -- said the whole trial was based on DNA evidence "  on which mistakes were made , " and urged the jury to "  abandon imagined fantasies " and acquit the pair . Knox and Sollecito are fighting their conviction for killing Kercher -- Knox 's roommate -- in Perugia , Italy , in 2007 . Knox and Sollecito were convicted in 2009 . Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison , while Sollecito got 25 . As she began her closing arguments Tuesday , Bongiorno said there was no physical trace of Knox or Sollecito in the room where Kercher was found murdered . "  The room speaks only of Rudy " Guede , the other man convicted separately of killing Kercher , Bongiorno told the jury . Knox and Sollecito 's defense teams have suggested Guede , who is already serving a 16-year sentence for the murder , could have been the sole killer . Evidence that Guede was in the room shows that "  no one could enter that room and not leave any trace , " said Bongiorno , who represents Sollecito . She urged the jury to think about her client as they made their decision . "  The lives of this kid and his parents have been destroyed . You must today evaluate if - if - if these kids committed the crime , " Bongiorno told jurors . Bongiorno , one the highest-profile lawyers in Italy , attacked media coverage of the trial as sensational , saying it could have affected what witnesses told the court . She rejected the notion that Knox and Sollecito were into violent sex , saying they rubbed noses in "  Eskimo kisses . " The lawyer also attacked the circumstances under which Knox was interrogated by police the night of the murder , saying she was interrogated by "  hostile " officers , which made it impossible to trust what she said that night . "  If one is not calm , anything can happen , " Bongiorno argued . And she hammered home attacks on DNA evidence that have been a key part of the appeal . She said police could have contaminated the crime scene or the evidence , playing video from the police investigation itself to make her point . Knox and Sollecito are appealing the convictions together , having been convicted in a joint trial . Both defendants were in court Tuesday , with Knox in a long-sleeved pink sweater and Sollecito in a long-sleeved prune-colored shirt . Their parents were in court as well . On Monday , the lawyer for Kercher 's family showed photos of the British murder victim 's bloodied body , pointing out multiple stab wounds . He urged the Italian jury not to overturn Knox and Sollecito 's convictions . "  I show you these pictures to show you the pain of Meredith , " Francesco Maresca said . "  She did n't have defensive wounds . It means that she was tied up , that she had more than one aggressor , " the lawyer said . "  Given the type , number and locations of the wounds , there had to be multiple attackers , " he insisted , rejecting the defense theory that Guede acted alone . He attacked as "  useless " a review of DNA evidence that may cast doubt on the original convictions . Knox avoided looking at the photographs of Kercher 's body as they were shown . Lawyers for the civil suits related to the case presented their closing arguments Monday . At the hearing , another lawyer called Knox two-faced and "  diabolical . " "  Within her lives a double soul : one which is angelic , good , compassionate ... tender and ingenuous , " Carlo Pacelli said . But she had another side , he said : "  A Lucifer-like , demonic , satanic , diabolical one which sometimes leads her to borderline and dissolute behavior , " saying that was the Knox who had killed her roommate . Pacelli sought to portray Knox as sexually promiscuous and a difficult roommate as he fights for damages for his client , Patrick Lumumba . Knox accused Lumumba of the murder in 2007 . He was arrested but released after his alibi checked out . He later sued Knox for libel , winning 40,000 euros  $ 54,000  in damages . A verdict in the appeal could come as soon as October 1 .	The case is adjourned to Thursday , when Knox 's lawyers will give their final arguments Rafaelle Sollecito 's defense lawyer compares Knox to Jessica Rabbit He says it 's time to end the false image of Amanda Knox once and for all Knox and Sollecito are fighting their murder convictions
It 's one of the most influential offices in a building full of partisan bickering and mudslinging -- and its leader is supposed to rise above politics . The Congressional Budget Office director 's term is up in less than two weeks and recent reports indicate Republicans wo n't give Democratic appointee Doug Elmendorf another four years leading the office charged with projecting the cost of bills . Instead , Republicans may look to pick a successor whose numbers will better jive with theirs . The potential shake-up comes as Republicans -- including influential House Budget Chairman Tom Price of Georgia -- push to change how the office makes its calculations . Rather than having the office crunch the numbers on new policies based on the current economic landscape , Republicans would like to employ a method called "  dynamic scoring . " This approach takes into account people changing their behavior based on the policy changes , which the GOP feels will make it easier to push for tax cuts . That 's because under "  static scoring , " tax cuts show up in the budget simply as a revenue loss . But under dynamic scoring , the CBO would theoretically take into account GOP arguments that such cuts would stimulate economic growth and as a result either pay for themselves or create even greater tax revenue down the road . And the stakes are high when it comes to other highly debated policies . Over the next two years , Congress is expected to debate everything from the budget to immigration reform , and will rely on the CBO to estimate the costs . Those numbers can drive the political debate , as they are highly cited in the media and by politicians seeking advantage . Plus , there 's Obamacare . Republicans have vowed to hone in on Obama 's signature piece of domestic legislation , which they say will add $ 131 billion to the deficit over the next 10 years , a stark contrast to the CBO 's projections that the 2010 law will reduce the deficit by about $ 124 billion . Though CBO projections have been steeped in a strong tradition of independent , nonpartisan analysis over the office 's 40-year history , some say Republicans could appoint a director who would insert his bias as he or she looks at the cost and economic impact of proposed legislation . Founding CBO director Alice Rivlin , a Democrat , said political appointees from both sides of the aisle have upheld that nonpartisan tradition since she became the office 's first director , winning respect from both sides of the aisle , and she believes that tradition will continue . "  One would hope that you would have a CBO director who does not let ideology get in the way of making good estimates , " said Rivlin , who now works at the Brookings Institution . " -LSB- Congress -RSB- values having a credible institution that they can rely on to give them the best estimates possible . " But Stan Collender , a former House and Senate budget committee staffer , said the hyperpartisan climate in Washington could lead Republicans to pick a budget director who would stray from the office 's impartial mission . "  This could be the beginning of the end of the congressional budget office if it loses credibility , " said Collender , now the executive vice president at Qorvis MSLGROUP . "  It 's not clear that whoever the Republicans pick will be nonpartisan . The fact that it 's been relatively true in the past does n't mean it 's going to continue in the future . " "  What 's going on now is you 've got one side , whoever 's in charge , trying to impose their will on the other , " Collender said . It 's not atypical for a new majority in Congress to appoint one of their own to the CBO once the incumbent 's term is up , but the conservative charge not to reappoint Elmendorf as director comes amid a racket of support from economists on the left and the right . RELATED : David Koch is a ` social liberal ' but votes with his wallet Greg Mankiw , former chairman of President George W. Bush 's Council of Economic Advisors , wrote in a blog post last month that Elmendorf has demonstrated both "  competence and impartiality " and "  shown himself to be scrupulously nonpartisan " as CBO head . "  I understand that GOP leaders may be tempted to put their own stamp on the Congressional Budget Office . But sometimes the benefits of continuity transcend ideology and political affiliation , " Mankiw wrote . And Democrats , many of whom have had their own complaints about Elmendorf , would go haywire if Republicans look to change the character of the CBO . "  Any effort by Republicans to interfere with the professional integrity of the CBO by selecting someone to push their failed ` trickle down ' economic theory of tax cuts for the wealthy through dynamic scoring would undermine the credibility of CBO and the entire budget process , " said Rep. Chris Van Hollen , the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee . Incoming House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price 's spokesman declined to comment on whether Elmendorf would be replaced in January . But former CBO director and Republican appointee Doug Holtz-Eakin said he believes the "  ratio of rhetoric to reality here is extremely high . " "  There 's always a concern that the next CBO director is going to politicize the place , " said Holtz-Eakin , now president of the American Action Forum . "  It never happens . " But even if a CBO director would never "  put their finger on the scales , " Holtz-Eakin said , the CBO director does have influence over what issues and studies are prioritized . And the party leadership is sure to drive their priorities into the office with their own person at the helm . And to really change procedure , congressional budget leaders would need to alter the budget office 's rules for calculating the legislation costs -- something Price has tried to do through legislation . Putting someone in charge who would eschew the rules as they are would set a serious precedent , one that could hurt Republicans if Democrats take back the Hill .	Republicans likely wo n't reappoint congressional budget director Doug Elmendorf when his term ends next month Two ex-CBO directors say the office will remain nonpartisan , but others worry the hyperpartisan environment could change the calculus The next CBO director could have a big impact on key pieces of legislation , from budget negotiations to Obamacare This comes despite Elmendorf 's high ratings among both right - and left-leaning economists
CNN  -- Col. Kevin Brown stood tall and proud and often ventured "  outside the wire " with his soldiers in Baghdad . Under the sizzle of the Iraqi sun , I watched him meticulously pin medals on their uniforms . When he retired in 2011 , he walked the Appalachian Trail to clear his head and began a tough Ph.D. program in security studies at Kansas State University . A stellar military career in hand , Brown had his life on track . Except for one thing . He harbored an emptiness within , the kind that rushes in after a hard-fought , 15-month combat tour ends . He felt responsible , still , for the lives he touched at war . One of them was a girl named Noor al-Zahra Haider . He 'd wondered all these years what had happened to the child his soldiers helped save . He sought out people who might have an answer -- Army buddies , journalists and an Iraqi sheikh he 'd befriended in the neighborhood where Noor used to live . But no one knew . He finally connected with her Wednesday through a package from America . The goods were donated , but they were delivered to Noor 's home in Baghdad largely because of Brown 's efforts . Viewers write in to help Iraq 's ` miracle baby ' For Noor , crippled by spina bifida , it 's a gift that is sure to bring relief . She received a new wheelchair and other things to help her cope with her disability . For Brown , it means fulfillment , closure -- if there is such a thing -- to one part of his life at war . Since his encounter with Noor almost seven years ago , Brown 's uneasiness had festered . Then in March , on the 10th anniversary of the start of the Iraq War , Brown saw a CNN story about Noor . I had journeyed back to Baghdad to find her . He watched the accompanying video , incredulous that the 3-month-old baby he knew was now 7 years old . He was relieved , excited even , that she was alive . He cried . He laughed . He could not get the headline -- "  The Unfinished Miracle of Baby Noor " -- out of his head . The word "  unfinished " gnawed at his soul ; that sense of responsibility hung heavy . "  I hope that you might consider keeping me informed of anything you learn from here forward , " Brown told me in a message after finding me on Facebook . "  It would help me help my soldiers keep knowing that if they did any one thing right in Iraq , it was saving a little girl 's life . "  I personally struggle with what I can do as an individual and will offer my services -- as a champion , with money , as a connector -- in any way within my means . " I was embedded with Brown 's soldiers when they discovered Noor , then only 3 months old , during a raid on her family 's house in the city of Abu Ghraib a few days before Christmas 2005 . She 'd been born with a severe form of spina bifida , a spinal cord defect that was certain to kill her . The medical treatment she needed was not available in war-ravaged Iraq . The soldiers wanted to shuttle her out of Baghdad for the critical care she needed . When I spoke with Brown a few days ago , he recalled how he had stood at brigade headquarters at Camp Liberty and made his case for why the U.S. Army should help send an Iraqi baby to America . Iraq , 10 years later : A people in need One child matters , he said . He spoke on behalf of his soldiers . They saw Noor as a tangible act of goodness amid the chaos of Iraq . Brown was persuasive . Noor boarded a C-130 transport plane with her grandmother and father and came to Atlanta , where doctors successfully operated on her . She became known to the world as Baby Noor . Her smile enthralled everyone who saw her on television screens and newspaper pages . She was labeled Iraq 's miracle baby . After six months , in June 2006 , she was returned to Baghdad , where life is not easy for anyone and even less so for a poor family caring for a child with special needs . Surgery saved her life , but Noor was paralyzed from the waist down . She could n't walk or go to the bathroom by herself . Doctors said it would always be that way . Her family also paid a price for their association with Americans -- Noor 's father says he was abducted by men linked to al Qaeda . They accused him of spying and demanded a stiff ransom . I 'd not seen Noor since 2008 . In February , I returned to Baghdad to find her . She was no longer the smiling , chubby baby I remembered . She 'd grown into a frail girl who rarely smiled . Sadness blanketed her face . Her family feared for her future . They did not have the means to have her examined by specialists . They were running out of medical supplies such as catheters . Noor was susceptible to urinary tract infections and often complained of headaches -- doctors had inserted a shunt to drain the fluid that collected in her brain . What would happen to her as she grew older ? No one would marry a disabled woman in Iraq , her aunts said . Noor 's grandfather begged for help . She might have had a semblance of a normal life here in the United States , where she could have had access to advanced urological care and the comforts of life . But in Baghdad , long after the Americans left Iraq , Noor was struggling to survive , to even feel joy . Readers responded to Noor 's story and sent in donations to Childspring International , an Atlanta-based Christian charity that sponsored Noor 's stay in the United States in 2006 . With some of the money , Childspring purchased a two-year supply of catheters , laxatives , books , crayons , pencils , teddy bears , toothpaste and a pediatric wheelchair with gel pads , foot rests and adjustable handles . For Noor , it would be like upgrading to a BMW after years of driving a rundown Chevy . Iraq newsmakers : Where are they now ? But the organization had no contacts in Baghdad . How would it get all the stuff there ? That 's when Brown stepped in . As a retired Army officer , he had connections with people in the U.S. Embassy . Within days USAID 's Iraq Access to Justice Program and the Iraqi Alliance of Disabilities Organizations were involved . CNN staffers , who knew where Noor lived , helped take the shipment Wednesday to the family home in southwest Baghdad . Noor 's grandfather , Khalaf Abbas , was thankful for the wheelchair and supplies . Among those he named was "  Mr. Brown . " In the context of Iraq , the gift for Noor is not big . It is but a blip in a story of war that is overflowing with sorrow and loss . But for Noor 's family , it was a sign that those who had given her a chance at life had not forgotten her . "  We know now that you are not going to leave us , " Abbas said . No one ever doubted that saving Noor 's life was a good thing . But was there any thought put into what would happen afterward to her and the family ? Should she have been brought to America and then returned to a place like Iraq , where medical care was next to nothing and where her family paid a price for accepting help from Americans ? I asked Brown the same question I had asked his soldiers who were involved with Noor 's journey to America . "  Was it the right thing to do ? " "  Unequivocally , yes , " he replied . He and his soldiers did n't just save a life that day . They 'd saved a life that continued . "  You know that scene in ` Saving Private Ryan ' that is cut across the beginning and the end of the movie ? " Brown asked me a few days ago on the phone . I know the one , I tell him . It 's the scene when an aging Ryan kneels down at the grave of his captain , who he 'd served alongside in the thick of battle . Before he died , the captain had said to Ryan : "  Earn this . " Reflecting on those words and the price that was paid for having saved his life , Ryan turns to his wife of many decades and asks : "  Am I a good man ? " It 's a scene that gets Brown every time . "  I think we all want to be told that we were ` good men , ' despite our personal flaws , foibles , failures , missteps and the overall funk of what that conflict in Iraq felt like , looked like and came across like to both us and the citizens back home , " Brown told me . "  Perhaps the Noor story shines that light on a time when we were good men and earned our nation 's respect whether they were looking or not ... whether they knew it or not , and it gives us some comfort amongst the shades of gray we experienced there . " For Brown and his soldiers who plucked Noor from her home all those years ago , the gift delivered this week represented a lingering desire to do something right in the end . So that the story of Iraq 's miracle baby did not remain "  unfinished . " Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter	Col. Kevin Brown had wondered about Noor , the Iraqi baby his soldiers helped save A CNN story about Baby Noor struck a chord with him Brown helped deliver donations from America for the disabled girl He did not want the "  miracle " of Baby Noor left unfinished
London  CNN  -- Film-making was not an obvious career path for the young Annemarie Jacir . The daughter of Palestinian parents , she spent 16 years growing up in Saudi Arabia -- "  a country of no cinema , " she says -- where public movie theaters have been banned for more than three decades . Jacir , who is also a poet , thought she wanted to write fiction , perhaps do screenwriting . But the possibility of film-making was not something that occurred to her until much later . Just as well it did . The Jordanian-Palestinian director 's second feature film , "  When I Saw You , " has been winning awards at film festivals around the world , part of a wave of Arab women filmmakers recently gaining critical acclaim worldwide . Having won prizes at film festivals in Abu Dhabi , Oran , Cairo and Berlin , the film will have its UK premiere next month in London at the Bird 's Eye View Film Festival , an event devoted to championing women filmmakers and which is this year focusing on Arab cinema . Among the films on the schedule - six features , nine documentaries , plenty of shorts -- is director Haifaa Al Mansour 's feature debut "  Wadjda " -- the first ever feature by a Saudi woman , and the first feature film to be shot entirely in the conservative kingdom . Clearly things are changing . "  In the last couple of years we 've seen the sudden emergence of women from across the Arab region winning big awards at the international festivals , " said Will Young , producer of Bird 's Eye View , which was founded in response to the fact that only about 10 % of movies worldwide are made by women . The week-long festival begins on April 3 in London . Watch : Saudi film breaks boundaries Set in Jordan in 1967 , Jacir 's film tells the story of an 11-year-old Palestinian refugee , Tarek and his mother , displaced by war to the Harir camp in Jordan . "  I was interested in the time period of the late '60s with the liberation movements -- the moment before everything went bad , everything got corrupt , " she said . "  Young people dreamed of a better world and had agency in their own lives . " Jacir said that aside from funding possibly being harder to come by for women , she did not believe she encountered any particular obstacles related to her gender because , as a Jordanian-Palestinian director , she was creating films in a place without an established industry . "  When you 're coming from a country in which everyone 's building up together , I do n't feel boxed in as a woman , " she said . "  It 's much easier to work as a woman in a country that does n't have an established system the way Egypt or Hollywood does , one that women have traditionally been left out of . " Watch : A great year for Middle Eastern cinema Recent interest in the Gulf , as evidenced by the rise of film festivals in Abu Dhabi and Dubai , had led to increased funding opportunities , which she had taken advantage of for her second feature . "  The Gulf is interested in film and supporting filmmakers , " she said . "  With my film , there was no censorship , there was no control of the subject -- that 's a concern for a lot of filmmakers when you take funds , especially from conservative countries . " Sabine El Chamaa , a Lebanese director whose latest short "  Un Mardi  One Tuesday  " won first prize in the short film category at the Dubai Film Festival and will be screening in the Bird 's Eye line-up , agreed . "  There have been Arab filmmakers for a long time ... it 's just that the film industry , whether for women or men , is one that is difficult because there 's no funding and you have to figure out your own manner of making films , " she said . Even once films are made , filmmakers face obstacles , with distribution proving a particular challenge . While Jacir 's films gained theatrical releases in a number of western countries , she also wanted to share them with Jordanian and Palestinian move-goers . "  Your cast and crew are from that country , " said Jacir . "  You hope there 's a broader audience but I think it 's really important to prioritize your own audience and share your film with them . " Read also : Man-made desert lake - bird-watcher 's paradise or ecological disaster ? But cinema owners in the region are often reluctant to support local films . "  They say nobody wants to see local films , they want to see Hollywood films , " said Jacir Despite a positive reception at festivals , her first feature film did not gain theatrical release throughout the Arab world , leading her team to distribute the film themselves throughout the Palestinian Territories . It was then that she had encountered "  the other problem for cinema in the Arab world " - piracy . "  Go into any DVD store and for one dinar , all these films are available , " she said . "  I had dinner a recently with a friend of my mother 's and she said really innocently , ' I loved Salt of this Sea , I found a copy of it then I made 100 copies and gave it to my friends . They do n't see how that hurts the filmmaker . " Despite the obstacles faced in bringing their vision to the screens , Young said the recent a success of Arab women filmmakers "  was something incredibly exciting both within the industry and for audiences . " "  Both  Jacir and Al Mansour  come from countries that previously did n't have role models of women directors - hopefully that can encourage a new generation to express themselves . "	Arab women directors will be showcased in a forthcoming film festival in London Their films have picked up awards at film festivals around the world The directors say their gender presents no particular obstacle to success in a tough industry Increased film funding from Gulf countries in recent years has boosted Arab cinema
Peekskill , New York  CNN  -- Police in Peekskill are investigating whether four men accused of brutally beating an Ecuadorian man can be charged with a hate crime , officials said . Julio Serrano , 39 , remains in critical condition after he was attacked Saturday , police said . Detective Sgt. Raymond Henderlong said police are still gathering information on whether hate was a motive in the attack in the small Hudson River town . "  We are going to exhaust every avenue to see if this was racially motivated , " Henderlong said . "  We are looking into whether they were targeting him because of his background . " Police said Serrano was walking near his home early Saturday when he was attacked . Surveillance video shows him staggering up a flight of stairs after fleeing his attackers , who follow and eventually ambush him as he seeks refuge in a building . Serrano suffered severe head injuries . Ronnie Juett , 23 ; Jarron Sligh , 23 ; and Keith Walker , 18 , have been charged with gang assault , police said . Jamar Walker , 19 , is awaiting arraignment in Peekskill County Court . According to the 2000 census , Peekskill has a population of about 22,000 . Nearly 22 percent is of Hispanic or Latino origin . Peekskill Police Chief Eugene Tumolo said it is possible that Serrano was beaten "  because of the fact he is a Latino male , and a lot of these people are immigrants . " "  Even animals should n't be beaten like this . Nothing human , nothing alive should be beaten the way this poor man was . It was an incredibly cowardly and vicious attack , " he said . In April , jurors convicted a Long Island man of manslaughter as a hate crime in the death of an immigrant from Ecuador . Jeffrey Conroy was tried in the death of Marcelo Lucero , 37 , who was fatally stabbed in the chest on November 8 , 2008 , in Patchogue . Conroy was also found guilty of gang assault and conspiracy as well as of assaulting three other Latino men on Long Island . Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center said that increasingly virulent hate speech emerging from anti-immigrant groups has a role in recent attacks on immigrants . "  This is yet another example of America 's anti-immigrant propaganda to demonize immigrants , " Potok said . "  We 've seen these cases popping up around the nation because of this type of hate speech . Words have consequences , " he said .	Ecuadorian man beaten Saturday in Peekskill , New York Four men are accused in the attack "  Nothing alive should be beaten the way this poor man was , " police chief says
In his zeal to promote nuclear power , filmmaker Robert Stone inserted numerous half-truths and less-than-half-truths in his new documentary "  Pandora 's Promise , " which CNN is airing on November 7 . One of Stone 's more misleading allegations was that scientists at a U.S. research facility , the Argonne National Laboratory , were on the verge of developing a breakthrough technology that could solve nuclear power 's numerous problems when the Clinton administration and its allies in Congress shut the program in 1994 for purely political reasons . Like the story of Pandora itself , the tale of the integral fast reactor  IFR  -- or at least the version presented in the movie -- is more myth than reality . In the final assessment , the concept 's drawbacks greatly outweighed its advantages . The government had sound reasons to stanch the flow of taxpayer dollars to a costly , flawed project that also was undermining U.S. efforts to reduce the risks of nuclear terrorism and proliferation around the world . Read what Robert Stone has to say In the film , scientists who worked on the IFR program unsurprisingly sing its praises . For example , Charles Till , a former program manager , claimed that the reactor "  ca n't melt down " and would therefore be immune to the type of catastrophes that occurred at Three Mile Island in 1979 and Fukushima in 2011 . Others told Stone that the reactor , by "  recycling " its own used , or "  spent , " fuel , would conserve uranium resources and produce much less nuclear waste than conventional reactors . But the reactor 's advocates did n't tell the whole story , and Stone did not include anyone in the film who could have provided a more balanced and realistic assessment . What did "  Pandora 's Promise " leave out ? First , it does not clearly explain what a "  fast reactor " is and how it differs from the water-cooled reactors in use today . Most operating reactors use a type of fuel called "  low-enriched " uranium , which can not be used directly to make a nuclear weapon and poses a low security risk . The spent fuel from these water-cooled reactors contains weapon-usable plutonium as a byproduct , but it is very hard to make into a bomb because it is mixed with uranium and highly radioactive fission products . Fast reactors , on the other hand , are far more dangerous because they typically require fuels made from plutonium or "  highly enriched " uranium that can be used to make nuclear weapons . In fact , fast reactors can be operated as "  breeders " that produce more plutonium than they consume . To produce the large quantities of plutonium needed to fuel fast reactors , spent fuel from conventional reactors has to be reprocessed -- chemically processed to separate plutonium from the other constituents . Facilities that produce plutonium fuel must have strong protections against diversion and theft . All too often , however , security at such facilities is inadequate . In the IFR concept , which was never actually realized in practice , reactor-spent fuel would be reprocessed using a technology called pyroprocessing , and the extracted plutonium would be fabricated into new fuel . IFR advocates have long asserted that pyroprocessing is not a proliferation risk because the plutonium it separates is not completely purified . But a 2008 U.S. Department of Energy review -- which confirmed many previous studies -- concluded that pyroprocessing and similar technologies would "  greatly reduce barriers to theft , misuse or further processing , even without separation of pure plutonium . " See the Department of Energy review here  PDF Other Department of Energy studies showed that pyroprocessing , by generating large quantities of low-level nuclear waste and contaminated uranium , greatly increases the volume of nuclear waste requiring disposal , contradicting "  Pandora 's Promise 's " claim it would reduce the amount of waste . See Union of Concerned Scientists fact sheet  PDF And what about Till 's claim that the IFR ca n't melt down ? It 's false . "  Pandora 's Promise " referenced two successful safety tests conducted in 1986 at a small demonstration fast reactor in Idaho called the Experimental Breeder Reactor-II  EBR-II  . But EBR-II operators scripted these tests to ensure the desired outcome , a luxury not available in the real world . Meanwhile , the EBR-II 's predecessor , the EBR-I , had a partial fuel meltdown in 1955 , and a similar reactor , Fermi 1 near Detroit , had a partial fuel meltdown in 1966 . See U.S. Department of Energy information posted by the International Atomic Energy Agency  PDF Moreover , fast reactors have inherent instabilities that make them far more dangerous than light-water reactors under certain accident conditions , conditions that were studiously avoided in the 1986 dog-and-pony show at EBR-II . Perhaps the biggest myth in the film is the notion that all U.S. research on fast reactors was terminated . In fact , the IFR program 's demise was a shutdown in name only . The Department of Energy has continued to fund research and development on fast reactor technology to the tune of tens of millions to hundreds of millions of dollars a year . The IFR Fuel Reprocessing Facility in Idaho shown in the film -- in reality , a plant called the Fuel Conditioning Facility -- has been operating for decades , essentially as a jobs program , to reprocess spent fuel from the now-defunct EBR-II , despite the system 's serious problems . In 2000 , the Department of Energy promised that all the fuel would be processed by around 2007 . Three years later , it delayed the projected completion date to 2030 . Till 's assertion in "  Pandora 's Promise " that "  we know how to do these things " does not square with the difficulties the Department of Energy has encountered in trying to operate this troubled plant . But if CNN viewers are persuaded by the "  Pandora 's Promise " IFR sales pitch and think the federal government should throw even more good taxpayer money after bad , I have two words of advice : Caveat emptor .	Scientist : "  Pandora 's Promise " offers "  half-truths " promoting integral fast reactors Government : IFRs cut "  barriers to theft , misuse " of plutonium , which is used for weapons Film falsely says IFRs ca n't melt down , says Edwin Lyman of the Union of Concerned Scientists
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- When Burmese commuters have an accident they do n't dial 911 or any ordinary emergency service . They call the country 's version of Marlon Brando , a heartthrob in the 1980s and 90s who turned his back on the film industry to run a fleet of ambulances and bury the nation 's dead . A household name in Myanmar , which is also known as Burma , Kyaw Thu has starred in more than 200 films , and even took home a Myanmar Academy Award in 1994 for best actor in "  Da-Byi-Thu Ma Shwe Hta . " He followed it up with best director for "  Amay No Bo " in 2003 , but by then his head had already been turned by the story of an old woman left to die alone in hospital . "  The doctor warned the patient 's family that she was close to death . After that they disappeared . A few days later she passed away -- so this dead body had no owner , " Kyaw Thu told CNN at this office on the outskirts of Yangon , Myanmar 's largest city . He later found out that the woman 's family could n't afford a funeral service . At the time , it was n't uncommon ; poor families would often sneak out in the dead of night to bury their dead , he said . And so began the Free Funeral Service Society , founded in collaboration with multi-award winning late Burmese writer and director Thukha , which now also provides a free library , education , medical , dental care and disaster relief . From films to funerals Kyaw Thu 's decision to leave the film industry was n't entirely his own . In 2007 , he was arrested and later banned from the film industry after being accused of supporting the Saffron Revolution . That year , the Myanmar military staged a violent crackdown on the largest anti-government demonstrations since 1988 . Led by monks , tens of thousands of Burmese marched through the streets to protest plans to cut fuel subsidies . Kyaw Thu does n't deny that he helped them but says that the society 's policy of aiding people "  regardless of social status , national and religion " meant that no one was turned away . He says he 's on better terms with the current government led by President Thein Sein , who came to power in 2011 , ending 50 years of military rule . However , he says not enough is being done to repair the country 's patchy public services and protect the country 's poor . "  We are showing the government what we need to do , " he said . He claimed the government is out of touch with what 's happening on the ground , as are foreign investors , who he says go straight to the capital Naypyidaw to listen to politicians rather than the people . "  I want to make a suggestion : before they go to Naypyidaw they should meet the CSOs and NGOs who are really doing things for Burma so they know what 's really happening , " he said . "  So after they meet with the CSOs and NGOs they 'll have information -- they 'll know the reality . So they can criticize and they can negotiate and they can discuss with the government and other parties . " He says other parties need to do more to deliver on their promises by using their own funding , rather than seeing him as a bank . A country on the mend ? Kyaw Thu spoke with CNN as hundreds of delegates arrived in the country for the World Economic Forum on East Asia , two days of talks on how the country can shake off the legacy of its past . As well as basic , if not non-existent , public services , the country is saddled with crumbling buildings , potholed roads , a patchy telecommunications network and an outdated electricity network that only services a quarter of the population of 60 million people . Under the control of military leaders , Myanmar 's economy stagnated so much so that in 1990 its per capita GDP growth was at a similar level to that recorded in 1900 , according to a recent report from McKinsey & Company . There 's much that needs to be fixed , but money is needed . Kyaw Thu 's society relies on donations and an army of volunteers -- around 500 a day -- who do everything from carrying caskets to preparing bodies for burial . Trained doctors and nurses man the hospitals and clinics where patients are offered everything from eye surgery to maternity care and blood transfusions . The extent of their work can be seen in hundreds of laminated photos pinned on notice boards , which line the halls of the company 's headquarters . One shows a newly married couple -- still in their wedding clothes -- carrying a casket ; they came to volunteer straight after the service , he said . Others show shots of aid workers digging wells and bringing supplies to cyclone-hit residents , students sitting learning in class and then , incongruously , a couple of images of mutilated bodies -- all part of a day 's work for the society . Message to Burmese people : ` Please be united ' Kyaw Thu may be incredibly popular in Myanmar , providing services that in many countries are promised by politicians , but he says he has no plans to enter politics . "  No , " he said , shaking his head , "  I have no ambition to make a political party . " He says his motivation is altruism ; he does n't need power , glory or adoration . "  When we are giving the aid to the people , we do n't expect any kind of benefit or opportunity . When we help , if they 're happy , I 'm also happy . " He supports Nobel laureate and leader of the National League of Democracy , Aung San Suu Kyi -- her image hangs on the walls of his office -- but says Burma 's people need to drop their unquestioning admiration of Suu Kyi and her father , the late General Aung San , and start following their lead . "  People are not following their speech . They are very impressed . They say we love Aung San Suu Kyi , we love General Aung San ... but they 're not following their policy . They 're not implementing what they 're saying . This is the problem with Burmese people . " Kyaw Thu is dismayed by the outbreaks of ethnic violence around the country that have strained relations between Burmese Buddhists and the minority Muslim population . He said the society has not been allowed to travel west to Rakhine State where Rohingya Muslims are alleged by human rights groups to be suffering systematic abuse amounting to "  ethnic cleansing . " "  They  the government  say it 's very dangerous and very difficult . So we have no chance to go to the desperate people , " Kyaw Thu said . He said the pace of Myanmar 's transformation , from a military state to thriving democracy at peace with ethnic rivalries , depends on the attitudes of ordinary people . Decades of military rule had produced bad attitudes , he said . "  If the attitudes of normal citizens change and are good -- within five years it will change , " he said . "  I want to give the message to all people in Burma : Please be united . " Han Thar Nyein contributed to this report .	Award-winning Burmese actor gave up films to operate free funeral services Kyaw Thu was considered a heartthrob in the 1980s and 1990s He formed Free Funeral Service Society after hearing the story of a woman abandoned in hospital Society now provides ambulance , hospital , disaster relief and education services
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A group of Latino farmers is scheduled to return to federal court Thursday to argue that the government has discriminated against them in providing loans , disaster relief and other financial aid . Farmer John Carillo says he was turned down for a USDA loan because of discrimination . The suit , known as the Garcia case , alleges Latino farmers were denied financial aid from 1981 to 2000 that white farmers were able to get . "  The discrimination we 're talking about has been well-documented , " said attorney Stephen Hill , who represents the Latino farmers . The farmers filed the discrimination lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Agriculture in 2000 and sought class-action status , meaning that all the individual complaints and suits could be heard as one . A judge denied class-action status , leaving 81 complaints to be settled individually in several states . The class could have included 20,000 farmers , the government said in court . Watch some Latino farmers tell their stories " A hearing in the case was initially was scheduled for Tuesday , but was postponed for two days -- and could be delayed even longer . Hill has filed a motion asking the federal court to postpone the hearing pending a ruling from the Supreme Court on the class-action issue , or until November 23 , whichever is later . The Justice Department , which is representing the Agriculture Department , has opposed class-action status , saying each case "  should be handled on its individual merits . " The Justice Department also is not interested in settling the case , government attorney Lisa Ann Olson told a federal district court judge in an August hearing . "  It is not in the interests of the United States to do so , " Olson said . "  To settle at this point would be picking a number out of thin air . " The farmers say if they are forced to fight the government individually , many families will not be able to afford the legal battle and their discrimination cases may never be heard . Thursday 's hearing in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia is being held to determine whether any progress has been made in the case and to set a schedule and a mechanism for how to get the cases resolved , U.S. District Judge James Robertson said at the August hearing . The Latino farmers note that African-Americans who filed an identical discrimination lawsuit against the government in 1997 were granted class-action status and have been awarded about $ 1 billion in settlements to 15,000 farmers . The farmers also point out that former Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman testified before Congress in 1997 that the USDA had a long history of discrimination . Glickman served as agriculture secretary from 1995 to 2001 . "  Good people lost their farmland not because of bad weather , bad crops , but because of the color of their skin , " Glickman told lawmakers . Farmer John Carillo says he 's one of those people . His father built a thriving family business in Salinas , California , that included acres of chili and tomato fields , a packing house and a cooler for production . It 's all gone now . Carillo said he applied for a USDA loan after devastating floods in 1995 but was denied . "  Our American dream was to have the whole family work together and to succeed as a Hispanic farming company , " he told CNN . CNN correspondent Thelma Gutierrez contributed to this report .	Latino farmers say they were refused USDA aid that was available to white farmers One major issue : Can individual suits be combined into a class-action suit ? Similar suit by black farmers in 1997 was given class-action status Former agriculture secretary says department has long history of discrimination
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- French rescuers in Haiti on Wednesday pulled from rubble a girl who they believe could have been trapped since the January 12 earthquake . The 16-year-old girl was found in poor condition but was stable and talking , French spokesman Marcel Orcel said . One of her legs may have been broken , rescuers said . After a 45-minute effort to extract her from the debris , the girl was transported in a helicopter to the French medical ship Sirocco . iReport : Haiti 's missing and found | Full coverage Rescuers found the girl after a group of Haitians approached the French embassy in Port-au-Prince and said they could hear a voice in the rubble . The rescuers followed them to the site and made contact with the girl , rescuer Claude Futilla said . They found the girl dehydrated , weak and with low blood pressure , leading the French crew to believe that she 'd been buried since the earthquake struck Haiti 15 days ago , Futilla said . It was believed that she had access to water where she was , in the bathroom of her house . Finding shelter , aid , supplies The girl , whose name was not immediately available , said "  thank you " in French as she was taken away from the debris on a stretcher , covered with a heating blanket . CNN 's Alec Miran , Justine Redman and Gary Tuchman contributed to this report .	French rescuers believe she 'd been buried since the earthquake struck 15 days ago Girl was found in poor condition but was stable and talking It took six hours to extract her from the rubble It 's believed that she had access to water in the bathroom of her house .
CNN  -- Lights went off across the world Saturday as millions of homes and businesses went dark for one hour in a symbolic gesture highlighting concerns over climate change . The lights go off Saturday at the Houses of Parliament and the Big Ben clock tower in central London . More than 2,800 cities and towns worldwide dimmed their lights at 8:30 p.m. local time for the third annual Earth Hour -- a day-long energy-saving marathon spanning 83 countries and 24 time zones . In New York , the Empire State Building , Central Park and the George Washington Bridge went dark at 8:30 p.m. ET . The Philippines topped this year 's participation for Asia , with more than 650 communities taking part in the event , according to Earth Hour 's Web site . The light illuminating the face of the landmark Big Ben clock tower in London , England , went out at 8:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  . In Dubai , iReporter Sharad Agarwal turned out the lights and sat down to a candlelit dinner with his family . "  I personally believe in going green and everything that goes with it , " Agarwal told CNN . In Australia , floodlights of the Sydney Opera House were extinguished as the city 's iconic harbor kicked off events for Earth Hour . The event 's Web site reported that hundreds of people lined the harbor for a glimpse of the dimming skyline at 8:30 pm . Sydney became the birthplace of the Earth Hour campaign in 2007 when 2.2 million turned off their lights , igniting a grass-roots movement that has become a global phenomenon . In China , illuminations at major buildings including the "  Bird 's Nest " Olympic Stadium and the Water Cube were extinguished as 20 cities joined in , according to the official Xinhua news agency . Other landmarks around the world expected to join the World Wildlife Fund-sponsored event were the Egyptian pyramids , Vatican , Niagara Falls , the Eiffel Tower , the Empire State Building , the Acropolis in Athens and the Las Vegas casino strip . CNN iReporter Marie Sager of Los Angeles , California , said she planned to hike up to the Griffith Observatory to experience the massive lights-out event . "  A good portion of the city is participating . We 'll see the Capital Records sign go out . A lot of these places have n't turned out their lights in awhile , " Sager said . Event sponsors hoped participating U.S. cities would set an example for the rest of the world . Watch actor Edward Norton and Carter Roberts of the World Wildlife Fund discuss event " "  We think we are going to have 100 million people around the world sending a message that climate change is real , and we need to take action now , " World Wildlife Fund CEO Carter Roberts told CNN . "  The world is watching to see what America is going to do , " he said , "  because if America acts on climate change , the world will follow . " Earth Hour events got off to an unofficial start in the remote Chatham Islands in the southern Pacific Ocean where locals switched off their diesel generators , organizers said . Shortly afterward , 44 New Zealand cities and town joined in the event . Organizers say they hope this year 's event will send a message to world leaders meeting Copenhagen , Denmark , in December for a major summit on climate change . "  We are asking one billion people to take part in what is essentially the first global vote for action on climate change by turning off their lights for one hour and casting a vote for earth , " said executive director Andy Ridley .	Lights go out over Sydney Harbor as city launches Earth Hour 650 communities in Philippines flip the switch Millions of homes and businesses were expected to join event Organizers hope event will send message on climate change to world leaders
CNN  -- The main road connecting the Syrian capital of Damascus with the city 's airport was open , but no flights were operating Friday , according to an opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Fighting between rebels and forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad disrupted much of the capital , and there was no Internet service throughout much of Syria for a second day . Fighting killed another 106 people across the country , according to an opposition group that counts casualties . Government forces and rebels battled in towns near the airport , which was closed on Thursday , the opposition group said . The possibility it could fall to rebel forces would be a significant development in the nearly two-year conflict . Rebel control of the airport "  would have a psychological effect " on the government and people who live in Damascus who support the regime , said retired U.S. Army Gen. Mark Kimmitt , a former top military aide to former President George W. Bush . "  The civilians in Damascus will feel cut off from the outside world , " Kimmitt said . State run media blamed the violence on "  terrorists . " Al-Assad loyalists and members of the Alawite minority  the al-Assads are Alawites  might flee to neighboring countries , while others could take up arms to defend al-Assad . As the rebels worked on gaining ground at the airport , they told CNN on Friday that they had pushed al-Assad 's forces from the al-Omar oilfield in the city of Deir Ezzor , which is in an oil-rich region . They have been battling Syrian forces there for weeks . Al-Assad 's forces remain in control of five major oilfields in Deir Ezzor , the opposition said . Those killed on Friday including six people in Aleppo and two in Damascus , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . CNN could not confirm government or opposition claims about violence and casualties as Syria has severely restricted access for journalists . A Syrian government information minister said that "  terrorists " -- which is how the Assad government refers to rebels -- cut the Internet service . But Matthew Prince , CEO of CloudFlare , a leading Web security firm , said the government is almost certainly responsible because of the outage pattern . Rebels have routinely used the Web to transmit images of the civil war . The uprising in Syria began in March 2011 , largely inspired by Arab Spring protests that toppled hardline regimes in Egypt and Tunisia . Al-Assad 's government responded by arresting , beating and shooting protesters , experts and witnesses said . The crackdown ignited a vicious armed conflict that has killed more than 40,000 civilians , according to the opposition Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria . More than 380,000 Syrians have fled the violence , the United Nations reports , to become refugees in neighboring countries such as Turkey and Lebanon . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Road to the airport opens , but the Internet is still down , the opposition says Rebels and Syrian forces battle in oil-rich Deir Ezzor At least 106 people have been killed in fighting across Syria on Friday , opposition says Rebels taking the airport would be ` psychological ' blow to the regime
CNN  -- Five people died when a regional airliner crashed and caught fire just short of a runway in Red Lake , Ontario , Canada , police said . Two people survived the Bearskin Airlines crash Sunday night , said Ontario police Sgt. Rob McDonough . He said a male passenger managed to pull a female passenger to safety before the plane was engulfed by flames . Two pilots and three passengers died . They were not identified . McDonough said everyone aboard was a Canadian citizen . The 19-passenger Metro Fairchild had taken off from Sioux Lookout . The Transportation Safety Board of Canada said its investigators would arrive at the scene Monday .	Bearskin Airlines flight crashes just short of runway in Red Lake , Ontario One passenger pulls another to safety before flames engulf plane Two pilots , three passengers killed All aboard were Canadian citizens
CNN  -- Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi is clinging to power despite a wave of opposition due in part to a legacy of decentralized authority and divided tribal politics that has been reinforced during the embattled strongman 's four-decade rule , analysts told CNN Tuesday . Gadhafi 's grip on power nevertheless appears to be weakening , a fact illustrated by the recent defections of a number of prominent Libyan diplomatic officials . Libya 's ambassador to the United States and deputy ambassador to the United Nations are among those now pushing for Gadhafi to step aside . In eastern Libya , groups of armed people in civilian clothing have been guarding the streets and appear to be in firm control . Two Libyan fighter pilots defected to Malta with their jets on Monday rather than follow orders to bomb their fellow citizens . But Gadhafi has been able to carry through on a brutal crackdown resulting in the apparent deaths of hundreds of Libyans . He pledged Tuesday to die "  a martyr " before voluntarily relinquishing power . Opposition to Gadhafi is hampered by the fact that Libya 's sense of national identity is "  very weak , " said Robert Danin , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . Tribal loyalty in the sparsely populated North African country comes first -- a fact which makes it extremely tough for Gadhafi 's opponents to present a unified front . For years , Gadhafi has effectively played different tribes against each another while using Libyan oil wealth to generate patronage and buy off potential opponents , Danin said . A resulting decentralized power structure beneath the very top levels of the Libyan government has made it easier for the longtime leader to survive in the face of a growing push for change . To the extent that Gadhafi has empowered others in his regime , he has placed his trust in a few key members of his own ethnic group , according to Jennifer Cooke , head of the Africa program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . Using tools of co-option and coercion , he effectively shifted power away from the city of Benghazi and the eastern portion of the country -- traditional bases of opposition to his rule . Recently , Gadhafi further bolstered his power by bringing in mercenaries from neighboring countries such as Sudan and Chad . Libya 's armed forces remain relatively weak by design , Danin noted . Gadhafi has worked over the years to prevent the creation of a military that could become unified in opposition to him , a development that contributed to the overthrow of the Egyptian and Tunisian governments . "  This has been an absolute rule , " Danin told CNN . "  There have been no countervailing institutions . " Egypt , in contrast to Libya , had at least "  some organized political opposition , some freedom of the press , and some freedom of association , " traditions which proved critical in the overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak . Gadhafi , much like his counterparts in Iran , has also not hesitated to use brutal force when necessary . He has shown "  no reservations about bombing people into submission , " Cooke noted . Adding to the hurdles faced by would-be reformers : Tripoli 's lack of a strong tradition of vibrant intellectual discourse and dissent . "  He 's been very successful in tamping down any potential opposition from an intellectual class , " Cooke said . And while Libya has a wealthy business community , "  there 's fear to speak out on the issues , " she added . Can Gadhafi survive the winds of change ? If he falls , Cooke asserted , it will likely be due to opposition from the military 's middle ranks -- an officer corps that has been subjected to repeated purges in the past . While the purges have helped Gadhafi maintain his hold on power over the years , they have n't made him very popular , she noted . To the extent that the outside world can influence events in Libya , there will be a continued push for rapid change , Danin argued . Western European countries such as France , Germany and Italy are extremely dependent on Libyan oil and can not tolerate instability there . "  If Libya descends into civil war with major disruptions in the oil market , this could really hit Europe in its pocketbook , " he said . "  We 're in uncharted waters now , " Danin noted . "  It seems that the regime is rotting from within . ... It 's hard to see how he puts the genie back in the bottle . If he does , it 'll require such enormous brutality that Libya will become a true international pariah . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Moammar Gadhafi has clung to power partly by creating obstacles to a unified opposition Libya is dominated by tribal politics -- a tradition that hampers opponents Gadhafi has repeatedly purged the military , the institution most likely to bring about change Europe is very dependent on Libyan oil , not prepared to deal with extended instability there
Washington  CNN  -- The National Mall 's Martin Luther King Jr. . Memorial will be ready for events later this month commemorating the 50th anniversary of his "  I Have a Dream Speech . " Sandblasting on King 's monument was completed Thursday night after delays over a company not having proper insurance . The National Park Service 's Historic Preservation Training Center ended up doing the work , said spokeswoman Carol Johnson . The park service , which was not initially aware that the sandblasting would be required , is "  very happy " with the completed project , she said . The remainder of the scaffolding will be taken down in coming days . The completion of the work follows the removal of a controversial written message inscribed on the memorial 's side . The memorial had originally included a paraphrase from the famed Civil Rights leader 's "  Drum Major " speech that read : "  I was a drum major for justice , peace and righteousness . " In 2011 , famed poet Maya Angelou , a friend of King , pointed out that the statue took the original quote out of context in a manner that she said made King look arrogant . Americans urged to live MLK 's ideals at memorial dedication Two months before he was assassinated in 1968 , King in fact said : "  If you want to say that I was a drum major , say that I was a drum major for justice . Say that I was a drum major for peace . I was a drum major for righteousness . And all of the other shallow things will not matter . " The work at the site is expected to cost between $ 700,000 and $ 800,000 , according to Bob Vogel , superintendent of the National Mall and Memorial Parks . The money is coming not from taxpayer dollars but from a fund established for repairs . The memorial , designed by Chinese artist Lei Yixin , opened in the summer of 2011 . It features a large statue of King carved into the centerpiece "  Stone of Hope , " a large block set apart from the memorial 's "  Mountain of Despair , " from which it appears to emerge . King gave his famous speech at the Lincoln Memorial on Aug. 28 , 1963 .	Sandblasting completed on King Memorial That follows removal of controversial passage 50th anniversary of King speech this month
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has stood by his post-match tirade against officialdom after his side lost 2-0 to bitter rivals Barcelona in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal tie Wednesday . Mourinho spoke of a "  scandal " and favoritism towards Barca as both he and central defender Pepe were sent off in the second half . Down to 10-men , Barcelona brilliantly exploited the advantage in the Bernabeu and scored two late goals through Lionel Messi . UEFA said Thursday that it had started a disciplinary inquiry into the unsavory incidents which marred the clash of the Spanish giants . Barcelona are also lodging an official complaint to the European governing body after Mourinho 's comments . But Mourinho told gathered reporters Friday that he would have no more to say on the subject , claiming pictures of the incidents would back up his claims . Blog : No way Jose , you 've gone too far this time "  An image is worth more than a thousand words . I said what I said and I have nothing to add , " he told the official Real Madrid website . "  Whoever criticizes my words must criticize the images and think that the photos have been edited by photoshop and that the video was staged . " Mourinho said he would be resting key players for this weekend 's Spanish league match against Real Zaragoza ahead of the return tie in the Nou Camp Tuesday . Despite his pessimism about the eventual outcome after Wednesday 's defeat , the Portuguese coach refused to write off Real 's season . "  Our morale is good in all aspects . The season is not over and only finishes at the end of May , " he claimed .	Jose Mourinho defends his post-match tirade after his side lost to Barcelona Mourinho was sent to the stands for complaining about red card for Pepe Portuguese coach says pictures of the incidents back up his claims
CNN  -- When Tiffany Wilson noticed a small growth on her left hip , she did n't think much of it . Tiffany Wilson , 41 , found a bump on her hip that she thought was a pimple . It turned out to be skin cancer . "  It was bizarre , " recalled the 41-year-old salon owner from Minneapolis , Minnesota . "  I just thought it was a pimple . " Wilson , who is African-American , ca n't say exactly what prompted her to point out the bump to her physician , but she said she remembered thinking the diagnosis would n't be anything serious . "  It never occurred to me that it was skin cancer , " she said . But it was . She had basal cell carcinoma , the most common skin cancer . Wilson spent long hours as a child in the summer sun at Lake Nokomis in Minnesota and went to the tanning bed before visiting relatives in the Caribbean , she said . She also said she never wore sunscreen . "  Back then , I just do n't think people were aware of the effects -LSB- of the sun -RSB- , " she said . Those may seem like obvious red flags to people who are sun-conscious , but they were foreign concepts to Wilson , which is why her diagnosis came as a shock . "  I just assumed , ` I 'm a person of color , I 'll be OK , ' " she said . Dermatologists say they are concerned because skin cancer rates are increasing among minority groups in the United States . Like Wilson , many people of color often mistakenly believe skin cancer is not something they should be worried about . Pigmentation is no ` free pass ' The reasoning is not completely far-fetched : Darker-skinned people do benefit from the protective effects of skin pigmentation . In fact , some studies suggest that for the darkest skin tones , pigmentation cells provide a natural sun protection factor , or SPF , of about 13 . The problem is many dark-skinned people believe that means they are born with a natural immunity to skin cancer . "  Pigmentation does n't give you a free pass , " said Dr. Charles E. Crutchfield III , a dermatologist specializing in ethnic skin and the doctor who treated Tiffany Wilson . "  It does n't matter what color your skin is , everyone can get skin cancer . " Bob Marley , for example , died of malignant melanoma , the most lethal type of skin cancer , that spread to his lungs and brain . All types of skin cancer are increasing among blacks and Hispanics , and their melanomas are more often fatal because they are usually caught later , according to the American Academy of Dermatology . Crutchfield pointed out that pigmentation may have sun-protective qualities but even for the darkest skin it falls short of the AAD 's recommendation of a daily SPF of at least 15 for everyone . Crutchfield feels many ethnic groups are missing that key part of the message , if they are getting the message at all . Blog : How to pick the right sunscreen Researchers acknowledge that many of the messages regarding skin cancer prevention have traditionally targeted fair-skinned people , a group 10 times more likely to develop melanoma . Now , dermatologists say , more needs to be done to encourage all groups to take precautions against sun damage . A Consumer Reports survey found only 27 percent of people with self-described darker skin applied sunscreen when they were in the sun for four hours or more , compared with 64 percent of people with self-described light skin . The American Cancer Society estimates that in 2009 there will be more than 1 million unreported cases of basal cell and squamous cell skin cancer -- most of them curable -- and that more than 68,000 cases of melanoma will be diagnosed . For melanoma , the key to a cure is early detection . That 's why dermatologists caution everyone to be vigilant and learn the risks for their skin type . "  Race is very important because not all skin is the same , " said Dr. Susan Taylor of The Skin of Color Center , a dermatology group focusing on the needs of patients of color . According to Taylor , people with darker skin often get diagnosed at later stages because the cancers often appear in atypical locations . Melanomas in African-Americans and darker-skinned Hispanics and Asians develop more commonly on the palms , soles of the feet , toenails , fingernails and in mucus membranes like around the mouth and genitals , she said . In Caucasian and lighter-skinned Hispanics , melanomas more frequently appear on the back in men and on the legs in women . Also , the signs of melanoma may vary depending on skin tone . "  Skin hue can affect the way lesions look , " Crutchfield said . "  Things that appear red in white skin often look completely different in skin of color . " Historically , research and teaching was done on fairer-skinned people , making it more challenging for physicians to recognize suspicious moles on darker skin . While these differences present challenges , they are certainly not barriers . Experts say , the best thing to do is keep it simple . "  If you have any lesion or mole change at all , or if you have a spot that bleeds and does n't heal in three weeks , see a physician or a dermatologist , " Dr. Crutchfield recommended . "  That 's something everyone can do . " Visit the American Academy of Dermatology Web site to find free screening locations in your state Another piece of simple advice : "  All racial groups need to use sunscreens , " Taylor stresses . The American Academy of Dermatology recommends using a broad-spectrum sunscreen that protects against both deep-penetrating UVA rays and burn-causing UVB rays . Not all sunscreens protect against both . Visit the Environmental Working Group 's Skin Deep cosmetic safety database Tiffany Wilson is heeding that advice . She said she 's learned that when it comes to prevention , the worst thing you can possibly do is nothing . "  I use extreme caution in the sun and make certain that I use a sunscreen , even on a cloudy day , " she said . "  You should n't underestimate the rays of the sun . "	Dermatologists report increased incidence of skin cancer among people of color Minorities often believe pigmentation makes them immune to skin cancer More than 1 million new cases of skin cancer are estimated in 2009 Every 62 minutes , one American dies of melanoma
New York  CNN  -- Aircraft will soon shoot high-resolution photos of the Long Island , New York , beach area where the search for a missing woman has led to the remains of at least eight people . Airplanes and helicopters will begin circling the barrier island beach later this week as federal , state and local search efforts continue , Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer told reporters on Wednesday . "  The high-resolution technology should be able to provide a detailed representation of the area and will extend through Nassau County , " Dormer said . "  We 're hoping the technology will help identify skeletal remains that may still be out there . " The aerial imagery will supplement police-dog search units , which expected to resume searching later this week . Meanwhile , diver teams are already scouring the waterways on the north side of the barrier island . Eight different sets of confirmed human remains have been found in Suffolk County , Long Island , since December , in what police say could be the work of a serial killer or killers . Additional remains -- including a human skull -- were uncovered Monday . Police have not said whether the latest remains are from different people , or if they could have come from the eight victims . Some of the remains found Monday in a Nassau County wildlife preserve were wrapped in a "  black plastic product " similar to a plastic bag , a law enforcement source said Wednesday . The remains "  appeared to be part of a lower extremity , " the source said . Medical examiner investigators are trying to determine the age and sex of the remains and attempt to find out how long they were at the location before being discovered . Federal agents first joined police in their investigation in December , after four bodies had been found . That discovery on a quarter-mile stretch of Oak Beach indicates that "  they were dumped there by the same person or persons , " Dormer told reporters at the time . "  It 's too coincidental that there were four bodies in the same location . " They were all found stuffed in bushes along an isolated strip of waterfront property . The grisly find occurred as police searched for 24-year-old Shannan Gilbert , who was last seen alive in May 2010 in the Gilgo Beach area . Gilbert 's sisters said Shannan was an escort who was visiting a client . They said she ran from the man 's house and called 911 , claiming that someone was trying to hurt her . In a strange series of events , a local resident -- who lives a few miles from where the remains were found -- said a young woman who "  looked like she was partying all night " came to his door at about 5 a.m. on May 1 . "  She was screaming ` Help me , help me ! ' and said somebody was chasing her , " said Gustav Coletti , who lives in the town of Oak Beach . He described the woman as a "  young , light-brown-haired person in her early 20s . " Coletti said he called 911 after opening his front door to the woman , prompting her to flee into the weeds along an embankment near his house . Moments later , Coletti said an "  Asian-looking man " man driving a dark-colored sport utility vehicle pulled up alongside his home , looking for the woman . "  Things got out of hand at a party and I 'm just looking for her , " Coletti quoted the man as saying . When Coletti told the man that he had called police , the man said he "  should not have done that " and drove toward where girl had fled , Coletti said . But he says it took police more than four months to question him about the incident , potentially losing crucial evidence over that time frame . Coletti later told CNN that he believes the woman he saw that night was Gilbert . CNN can not independently verify that claim . Dormer said Wednesday that he has "  no idea when the detective spoke to whomever you 're talking about , " referencing Coletti . Police said they received a written statement from Coletti in June . Gilbert 's body has not been among the remains identified . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	8 sets of confirmed human remains have been found in Suffolk County More remains and a skull were found Monday Police have not confirmed that the newly found remains were of different people Resident says it took police more than four months to question him as a potential witness
CNN  -- She 's not so much the pinup girl of British horse racing as the "  pinned-together girl . " Hayley Turner has been a trailblazer for female jockeys in the UK , but it 's taken its toll on her tiny frame -- and she does n't mind at all . "  I could break bones all day long , " says the 31-year-old , who once received fan mail addressed to "  Hayley Turner -- Hospitalized somewhere in Cambridgeshire . " "  I do the same as the lads and get injured the same , " she adds . "  It 's not a man 's world , not at all . Okay , more men do it but there are women too . " A year ago Turner lay crumpled on the turf at Doncaster racecourse . She had moved her mount Seal of Approval to the inside rail to vie for victory in the home straight , but the horse clipped the heels of a rival and crashed to the ground at full pelt on top of her . Her pelvis was broken , along with three vertebrae , just 10 days after she returned to racing following five weeks out with a broken ankle -- which to this day is still held together by screws . Turner 's most serious accident was in 2009 , when she was also trampled by her horse . She was found on the turf by medical staff with blood oozing from both her ears and her nose . "  I do n't remember a thing , which is odd as I think I was conscious at the time , " she says . "  With all the blood , it was obvious I 'd bruised my brain quite badly . It was n't stressful for me but it was for my family as it was a case of ` how bad is this ' for them . Was I going to be brain-damaged for life ? " She made a full recovery but was then told by authorities she could not race for a full year , a decision she later appealed with the backing of her family -- and won 60 races that shortened season . "  My family hate the injuries as it 's always a case of ` let 's go to hospital and see how bad it is , ' " she admits , "  but when I 'm not training I 'm just annoying , ringing them the whole time , asking what they 're doing . "  So I think they 're happier when I get back riding . " In 2008 , Turner was the first female jockey to ride 100 winners in a UK season , from nearly 1,000 races that year . She was the first past 500 career victories , the first outright Group 1 winner and , in reality , the first from Britain to have forged a full-time career in horse racing . Turner has more than 50,000 Twitter followers , making her more popular on the social website than high-profile Canadian jockeys Emma-Jayne Wilson and Chantal Sutherland , who have the edge in on-track wins . Her time at the top has coincided with an increasing number of women coming through the ranks in both her domain of flat racing as well as jump racing , but she is reluctant to reflect on the influence she has had on them . "  I feel happy for what I 've done , personal pride , but anything more than that I do n't think I 'll appreciate until I stop riding , " says Turner , whose first race was in 2000 -- almost three decades after women were first permitted to compete by the Jockey Club . "  I might look back and think , ` Actually , I did quite well with that . ' But as I said , I work with the lads and like the lads . I do n't feel any different and I do n't get treated any differently by the other jockeys or trainers . " One difference is that at race meetings the two changing rooms are divided between the sexes , which can sometimes mean Turner has a room to herself . "  I love that as I can have a bit of a lie-down , so that 's a perk , " she admits . Despite her down-to-earth tomboy attitude , she did wryly admit to Tatler 's website this year that she had once won a race on a horse called Wonderbra -- whose mother was named Supportive . But more of an honor has been riding winners owned by Britain 's Queen Elizabeth -- the grand patron of the nation 's racing and breeding scene . Unlike most of her peers , Turner did not come from a racing background . She hopes that will inspire aspiring riders to think , "  If Hayley 's done it , why ca n't I ? " Her mother used to be a freelance horse-riding instructor and now runs a business finding new homes for retired racehorses , but the track was never a great interest in the Turner household . "  Actually it still is n't , " says Hayley . "  My parents like the Shergar Cup  a prestigious event held at Ascot where she has competed in an all-female team  and , if I 've got a ride in a big race , they 'll watch it . But the main follower is my nanna . "  She 'll look up my races the night before and know where I 'm riding . If I win a race she always tells my mum so , after every win , I 'll get a text from my nanna and my mum . " Her pathway into the sport was through a one-off taster session at a horse-racing school a friend was attending . She tagged along and that was it ... she was hooked . "  I left school and was n't that interested in anything , " Turner says . "  I did quite well at PE and textiles but this happened . It was then I became determined to be the best I could be , and I think that would have been the same whatever work I 'd got into . " Not once have her family asked her to give up the sport she loves : "  I think they know it would make me even more determined . " And worrying about the risks is not an option -- if she did , Turner fears she would lose the courage to ride again . As proof of her determination , she has twice ridden Seal of Approval since last year 's accident . She does , though , with her warped sense of humor , like to blame her previous brain injury on "  when I do stupid things , which is often " -- but the reality is there are no scars from that 2009 incident . Fully fit from her latest stint sidelined in the latter part of last year , Turner is again competing in the British Champions Series , which began in May and culminates at Ascot on October 18 in the richest racing day on the UK calendar , with Â # 3.75 million  $ 6 million  in prize money on offer across the five events . She won two BCS races in 2011 , ranking seventh in its inaugural year , but is playing catch-up this season . She has 25 wins overall from 377 starts , compared to 60 from 449 in 2013 . "  I 'm just happy to be riding . It 's not been my best season but I 'm not too worried by that -- there 's been some tough times to come back from , " Turner says . "  You can be forgotten quickly as a jockey but I 'm getting my foot back in the door . I 'm getting plenty of rides and I 'm happy with that . "	History-making female jockey Hayley Turner has made history in flat racing Not even broken bones or head injuries have kept her away from the Sport of Kings Turner is adamant that being a jockey is not a man 's world and women can thrive She says of her many injuries in her career : "  I could break bones all day long "
CNN  -- The shelling and sinking of a rust-stained fishing trawler in Alaskan waters ends its aimless voyage more than a year after a tsunami swept it off the east coast of Japan . The U.S. Coast Guard said it opened fire on the roughly 200-foot trawler Thursday after it determined the "  unmanned , unlit , unmarked vessel " posed a hazard to mariners and Alaska 's marine environment . The Ryou-Un Maru caught fire and capsized in more than 6,000 feet of water about 180 miles southwest of the port city of Sitka , said Petty Officer 1st Class David Mosley , a Coast Guard spokesman . It was a dramatic end for the Japanese squid trawler . It was bound for a scrap yard before becoming part of a giant debris field generated by a tsunami that struck the island nation following a 9.0-magnitude earthquake on March 11 , 2011 . "  It 's really one of the first significant pieces of tsunami debris to make its way across the Pacific Ocean , " Mosley said . The ship drifted undetected until late last month when a Canadian coastal air patrol spotted it several hundred miles off the Queen Charlotte Islands , an archipelago on the north coast of British Columbia . It captured the imagination of the public , which followed the final days of "  the ghost ship " in media reports and tracked its progress on Canadian and U.S. Coast Guard websites . "  I think it captured a lot of people because it survived . It was swept away by the tsunami . It 's believed lost . It 's forgotten about . And it spends an entire year at sea , a summer , a winter and it makes it all the way across the Pacific Ocean , " Mosley said . The Japan coast guard identified the trawler and its owner after Canadian officials provided the identification number on the hull of the ship . It was moored at Hachinohe in the Aomori prefecture when the tsunami hit last year . The ship drifted into U.S. waters over the weekend , traveling about a mile per hour and making its way toward the rich fishing waters of the Gulf of Alaska , Mosley said . At that point , the U.S. Coast Guard determined it posed a threat to other ships navigating the area as well as a potential environment hazard , he said . The U.S. Geological Survey and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration advised the Coast Guard where the ship 's sinking would have the least environmental impact . "  The potential for a pollution incident is unknown at this time , but officials have limited concerns about any biological threats due to the length of time the vessel has been at sea , " the Coast Guard said in a statement . The Coast Guard has been continuously broadcasting the vessel 's location to mariners . It will continue the warnings through Friday morning until it conducts an aerial survey to determine its sinking left behind no potentially hazardous debris , Mosley said . The trawler 's planned sinking was temporarily halted Thursday morning when the Coast Guard ship , the Anacapa , based out of Petersburg , Alaska , arrived to find a Canadian ship inspecting the trawler . "  They wanted to claim the vessel for salvage , " Mosley said . "  At that point , there was a meeting to discuss whether they had the means to tow or salvage the vessel , " he said . "  They determined it would be too unsafe . At that point , they were asked to leave the area . " The Anacapa opened fire Thursday afternoon with its 25 mm cannons , blowing holes into the side of the Ryou-Un Maru , the Coast Guard said . It took more than four hours for the trawler to sink . CNN 's Leslie Tripp , Tina Burnside , Jake Carpenter , Jack Maddox and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The ship sunk in more than 6,000 feet of water , an official said The Coast Guard capsized it by opening fire on the roughly 200-foot trawler The trawler posed a threat to mariners and the marine environment The boat is part of a giant debris field making its way toward North America
CNN  -- The surgeon who performed heart surgery Wednesday on former first lady Barbara Bush said Thursday that she is recovering well from the 2 1/2 - hour surgery in which her aortic valve was replaced with a pig valve . Former first lady Barbara Bush had heart surgery Wednesday in Houston , Texas . "  From our perspective , this was a very routine procedure , and we expect her to make an excellent recovery , " Dr. Gerald Lawrie told reporters at Methodist DeBakey Heart & Vascular Center in Houston . Bush had experienced "  severe narrowing of the main valve that lets the blood come out of the heart into the circulation , " Lawrie said . "  This valve , instead of being a soft , flexible structure that opens and closes , breaks down , " he said , adding that calcium deposits cause it to stiffen , which can result in fluid in the lungs and progressive deterioration . He said an echocardiogram showed her condition was "  extremely severe . " Typical symptoms of problems with an aortic valve include shortness of breath , fatigue , weakness and swelling , he said . Though his patient is 83 , "  she 's a very fit lady , " which helped make the operation a "  relatively straightforward " procedure , " he said . Diagnosed with the condition less than a week before the surgery , Bush entered the operating room at 7 a.m. and , after an hour of preparation during which lines were attached to her and anesthesia was administered , the main work began , Lawrie said . In all , she was on a heart-lung machine for 55 minutes ; the implantation of the valve took 45 minutes , he said . She required no blood transfusion . Bush was back in the intensive care unit by 10:45 a.m. , where she awoke "  quicker than most " patients of her age , he said . He described her as "  very lucid . " "  She recognized all of us immediately and actually started tearing us up with some humorous comments just as soon as we took that tube out . " He predicted she would remain in the ICU until Friday or Saturday , and then be transferred to a standard hospital floor for another five to seven days . But already , he said , she is "  walking around the room a little bit . " Bush 's husband of 64 years , former President George H. W. Bush , visited her shortly after the operation . "  I 've been a nervous wreck about it , " said the former president , who said he had received telephone calls of support from President Obama and all the other surviving former presidents . "  I think there is a lot of interest because of who she is , " he said , his voice cracking . "  She looks well . I just came from her room and she 's doing well . I keep saying , ` You look great . ' -LSB- She says -RSB- ` Do n't tell me that . ' But you know , she does ... she looks well to me -- and beautiful . " Bush added , "  She 's in command . She 's in control of our whole family . " Asked to describe what occurred between the two when he saw her , he said , "  I do n't remember any words . I 'm not the anecdotal one in the family . It was just a reunion of two people who love each other . " Afterward , the former president turned to a hospital administrator and said , "  I 'm sorry I get emotional , but I ca n't help it . " The Bush family matriarch is the mother of former President George W. Bush and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush .	Surgeon : "  We expect her to make an excellent recovery " Surgeons spent 2 1/2 hours replacing Barbara Bush 's aortic valve with a pig valve Echocardiogram showed her condition was "  extremely severe " Doctors think the former first lady will be in ICU until Friday or Saturday
New York  CNN  -- A woman suspected of snatching an infant from a New York hospital in 1987 was in custody Sunday after surrendering to authorities in Connecticut and will face federal kidnapping charges , authorities said . Ann Pettway turned herself in to the FBI office in Bridgeport , Connecticut , Sunday morning , FBI spokesman William Reiner said . She is expected to appear Monday in a New York federal court to face federal kidnapping charges , Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said . A law enforcement source previously told CNN that Pettway contacted a Bridgeport police officer via Facebook from Stratford , Connecticut . Reiner and Bridgeport police spokesman Detective Keith Bryant would not comment on that report . Reiner also would not comment on whether Pettway was cooperating with police . A warrant had been issued Friday in North Carolina for Pettway 's arrest . She is suspected in the abduction of Carlina Renae White . After 23 years , White tracked down her real mother earlier this month , saying she had had a nagging feeling all her life that she was brought up by a family she did n't belong to . Earlier , Bryant told reporters that Pettway was spotted at a pawnshop in Bridgeport on Saturday She was seen at Joe David Pawnbroker at about noon , asking about pawning jewelry , he said . A store employee called police after recognizing the woman from news reports , Bryant said . "  By the time our officers arrived , she was gone . They canvassed the area and did n't find her . " Authorities used surveillance video from the store to confirm the woman was Pettway . "  Based on that video and what we have in the database , it 's her , " he said . "  They 're 100 % sure . " The North Carolina warrant sought Pettway 's arrest for allegedly violating her two-year probation sentence on attempted embezzlement charges , said North Carolina Department of Corrections spokeswoman Pamela Walker . As part of her probation , she would have had to get permission to leave North Carolina , Walker said . Pettway had not gotten such permission , Walker said . White 's mother , Joy White , told the New York Post last week that she last saw her daughter when she was 19 days old . She took her to a Harlem hospital on August 4 , 1987 , because the baby had a high fever , a New York police official said . Carlina was admitted to the hospital , and her mother went home to rest . When she returned , the baby was gone . "  That was a big part of my heart that was just ripped apart , " Carlina White 's biological father , Carl Tyson , told the Post regarding her disappearance . Carlina White told the Post that Pettway raised her . Pettway was pregnant in 1987 , she said , but lost the baby . Carlina White was raised under a different name , but always felt she did not belong to the family , said Ernie Allen , president and CEO of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . Her suspicions grew after the woman who raised her could not produce a birth certificate for her . "  I just started typing in Yahoo and Google different articles -- anything that pulled up in 1987 with any child that went missing -- and I came across the article , and the baby picture just struck me because ... it looked like my daughter , " Carlina White , who has a 5-year-old daughter , told the Post . On January 4 , Joy White 's phone rang . The woman on the other end said she was Carlina , and sent a picture taken in 1987 in which she bore a striking resemblance to a baby picture Joy White had held on to . A DNA test proved the link . The family has since been joyously reunited . "  This is what I wanted ever since I found out that lady was n't my biological mother , " Carlina White told the Post . "  I just hope that the officials will be able to get her in their hands so we could just hear her side of the story now . " Her biological family , meanwhile , wants justice . "  I want her to go to jail ... for what she did and what she did to my family , " said Lisa White-Heatley , Joy White 's sister . "  She destroyed my family . " CNN 's Nina Golgowski contributed to this report	NEW : Ann Pettway will face federal kidnapping charges Monday FBI says Pettway turned herself in to FBI office Source says Pettway contacted an officer on Facebook Kidnapped baby , now 23 , was reunited with her biological family this month
President Barack Obama on Friday said that Sony Pictures made a mistake in canceling the release of a movie after a cyberattack from North Korean-backed hackers . "  I am sympathetic to the concerns that they face . Having said all that , yes , I think they made a mistake , " Obama said at a news conference Friday . "  Let 's not get into that way of doing business . " Obama 's statement came hours after the FBI announced North Korea is officially responsible for the cyberattack on Sony Pictures , an attack law enforcement officials called a "  game changer . " "  We can not have a society in which some dictators someplace can start imposing censorship here in the United States because if somebody is able to intimidate us out of releasing a satirical movie , imagine what they start doing once they see a documentary that they do n't like or news reports that they do n't like , " Obama said . "  That 's not who we are . That 's not what America is about . " U.S. government agencies have presented the White House a list of options to respond to the North Korean hack , according to U.S. officials briefed on the matter . The range of options includes economic and banking sanctions -- but , the officials said , the list does not include adding North Korea to the list of state sponsors of terrorism . The United States will respond "  proportionally " to the attack , Obama said , though he would not say how the U.S. would specifically retaliate . He did note that the U.S. has beefed up its cybersecurity infrastructure , but that "  occasionally there are going to be breaches like this . " An FBI investigation linked the malware , infrastructure and techniques a group of hackers called "  Guardians of Peace " used in the Sony attack to previous North Korean cyberattacks . The North Korean-backed hackers broke into Sony 's servers , published private emails and information and threatened to attack movie theaters screening "  The Interview , " a comedy film about an assassination plot on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . Sony Pictures Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton rebuffed Obama 's criticism in an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , saying his company did not make a mistake . Instead , Lynton said Obama , the press and the public "  are mistaken as to what actually happened . " Lynton pinned the decision to pull back from the planned Dec. 25 release on the major movie theater companies that told Sony they would not screen the film . "  We have not caved , we have not given in , we have persevered , and we haven to backed down . We have always had the desire to have the American public see this movie , " Lynton said . So far , no major video on demand distributors or streaming services have offered to carry "  The Interview " to Americans , Lynton explained , despite a wave of suggestions that Sony distribute the film outside of movie theaters . And despite enduring what he called "  the worst cyberattack in American history , " Lynton said his studios would make the movie again , but may have "  done some things slightly differently . " Obama added that the U.S. has "  no indication " that any other country was involved in the North Korean attack . Secretary of State John Kerry also sounded off on what he called a "  brazen , " "  provocative and unprecedented " attack . "  We are deeply concerned about the destructive nature of this state sponsored cyber-attack , " Kerry said in a statement . "  These lawless acts of intimidation demonstrate North Korea 's flagrant disregard for international norms . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein said that the onus is on the government and the international community to act in the face of this cyberattack -- the latest in a string of attacks on major corporations in recent years that have also included J.P. Morgan Chase and Target . Stressing the "  monumental size " and the "  extortion " aspect of the cyberattack on Sony , Feinstein called for an "  international agreement " to confront cyber threats and said the U.S. government needs to take action to better protect companies from those types of threats . "  We are going for bloodshed , I believe , if we do n't stop it , " she said on CNN . "  I would hope that we can convince the North Koreans that this carries a very heavy price . " And the idea of a foreign government launching a destructive attack on an American company over an ideological matter elevated this hack to "  one of the highest priority investigations we 've worked on , " one law enforcement official told CNN . U.S. officials also tell CNN the hackers routed the attack through servers in countries from Asia , Europe and Latin America , even some in the U.S. â $ ` The hackers used common DNS masking techniques to make it look like it was coming from those places , but the National Security Agency and FBI were able to track it back to North Korea . North Korean internet traffic is routed through China , which is one way they are able to hide their activity , but the FBI was still able to trace it back to the origin , sources tell CNN . And Obama also addressed North Korea 's motives , noting that attacks came after a comedic , satirical movie . "  The notion that that was a threat to them I think gives you some sense of kind of what regime we 're talking about , " Obama said . The FBI called North Korea 's actions "  outside the bounds of acceptable state behavior " in a statement released Friday and called cyberthreats "  one of the gravest national security dangers . " The FBI did not use the words "  terror " in their statement . The investigation linked the "  tools " of the Sony hack to North Korean cyberattacks in March 2013 against South Korean banks and media outlets . Former Sen. Chris Dodd , the Chairman and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America , released a statement Friday after the FBI announcement slamming the North Korean attacks by "  cyber terrorists , bent on wreaking havoc " as a "  despicable , criminal act . " "  This situation is larger than a movie 's release or the contents of someone 's private emails , " Dodd said . "  This is about the fact that criminals were able to hack in and steal what has now been identified as many times the volume of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress and threaten the livelihoods of thousands of Americans who work in the film and television industry , as well as the millions who simply choose to go to the movies . " Related : Cyberattacks skyrocket Bruce Bennett , a North Korean expert at the RAND Corporation told CNN that he consulted informally on the field as a favor to Lynton , who sits on the RAND Board of Trustees . "  He asked RAND 's president if he had a Korean expert to speak to in order to help sort out how to handle the picture and RAND 's president asked me to do that . We had a couple of brief conversations , viewed the movie and sent some comments , " he said , adding "  this was not a paid consultency . " Bennett said he suggested Sony let the State Department know about the film and the potential political issues involved and offered to call Robert King , the State Department 's envoy for North Korean human rights . He said "  I simply notified him of what was going on . " King told Bennett the film "  was an American business decision and the State Department does n't get involved in things like that . " Bennett said he did not show King or anyone at the State Department the film and said he was skeptical that anyone at the State Department saw it . Referring to the State Department , Bennett said "  their attitude was that they were glad to know about it , but it was not their role to intercede . " In addition to King 's discussion with Bennett , the State Department has acknowledged that Assistant Secretary for East Asian Affairs Danny Russell spoke with Lynton about the film , but denied he had any involvement in its script or creative direction . State Department spokeswoman said she did not know of anyone at State that screened the movie , though it is not clear still if State officials knew how the movie ended . "  I did not come across anyone who saw the movie in advance , " Spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in an interview Thursday on CNN 's The Lead with Jake Tapper . Sen. John McCain on Friday said the cyberattack amounted to "  an act of war " on Friday and said the U.S. should retaliate in kind with cyberwarfare . "  This is the greatest blow to free speech that I 've seen in my lifetime probably , " McCain said Friday on Arizona radio station KFYI 550 's "  The Mike Broomhead Show . " "  We have to respond in kind . We have lots of capability in cyber and we ought to start cranking that up . " McCain plans to hold a cybersecurity hearing into the Sony hack in the first two weeks of the next Congress , when he takes over as the chairman of the Armed Services Committee .	President Barack Obama calls Sony 's decision to cancel movie showing ' a mistake . ' The FBI called North Korea 's actions "  outside the bounds of acceptable state behavior " Officials tell CNN that the hackers were routed through severs in Asia , Europe and Latin America
CNN  -- Manchester United manager David Moyes says he and his slumping team are "  desperate " to turn things around -- and hopes the reversal of fortune begins in the Champions League . The defending Premier League champion did n't lose any ground in the title race -- although repeating was already looking unlikely -- but the Red Devils did slip 12 points behind a Champions League spot after the most recent round of games last weekend . And United was n't just beaten on Sunday . It was outclassed by arch-rival Liverpool at Old Trafford , 3-0 . While Liverpool routinely threatened thanks to the likes of in-form pair Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge , United 's high-profile duo of Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie were never a problem for the Reds ' sometimes shaky defense . With Liverpool controlling the midfield , United struggled to gain a foothold and managed just one shot on target . "  The players are capable of turning it around , " Moyes was quoted as saying by Manchester United 's website . "  We 're all desperate to put things right and make sure we play better to give the supporters here something to shout about . " The manner of the defeat piled more pressure on Moyes , who is in his first season at the helm at Manchester United after replacing managerial great Alex Ferguson . Former Liverpool defender Alan Hansen said Moyes is "  fighting for his future " and that if United exited the Champions League against Olympiacos and then lost to Manchester City in the league , "  there will be serious doubts over whether Moyes can continue . " According to British bookmaker William Hill , Moyes is the joint third favorite -- behind West Bromwich Albion 's Pepe Mel and Norwich 's Chris Hughton -- to become the next Premier League manager to depart . West Bromwich Albion and Norwich are struggling near the relegation zone although West Brom won Saturday at Swansea . Manchester United faces an uphill battle to reach the last eight of this season 's Champions League after a 2-0 reverse in Greece : Only once has the team lost a first leg in the competition and advanced -- in 2006/2007 against Roma . But Olympiacos has lost all 11 of its previous encounters in England and United has won all of its home games versus Greek opposition . Given United 's position in the Premier League , winning the Champions League might be its most feasible path to appearing in next season 's competition . United last failed to compete in the Champions League in 1995/1996 . "  We have to go for the throat to get the win , " said Moyes . "  We wo n't be gung-ho but we will certainly go with a mindset to overhaul the deficit as quickly as we can . "  We wo n't be reckless as we could find ourselves with a bigger mountain to climb but we can be forceful . We have to be if we 're to keep ourselves in the Champions League . " United midfielder Juan Mata , bought in the January transfer window for a club record $ 61 million , said United 's pedigree in Europe -- it has amassed three titles in Europe 's top club competition while Olympiacos has yet to make the semifinals -- could be a factor . "  Everything went bad  against Liverpool  , " Mata wrote in his blog . "  It was a tough defeat and I want to tell you that we will give everything we have in order to forget about this in the remaining games . And there is a very important one around the corner . "  We know the history of this club and its achievements , based on a winning spirit . That is what we need to beat Olympiacos and get through in the Champions League . "  The storm will pass and the sun will rise again , " the cup-tied Spaniard also said . "  I have no doubt . Besides , no one said this would be easy . "	David Moyes says his slumping team is "  desperate " to turn things around Man United 's loss to Liverpool leaves the club 12 points behind a Champions League spot United must also overturn a 2-0 deficit against Olympiakos to advance in Europe United has never lost a home game to Greek opposition in the Champions League
The finger-pointing began almost immediately -- and with good reason . A mere few inches of snow had shut down Atlanta , forcing children to spend the night at schools , stranding drivers on interstates and making the city a laughingstock to the country . Why did this happen ? Who 's to blame ? And , more importantly , could this happen elsewhere ? Perhaps . Unlike Boston and New York , with their long-established infrastructures and diverse mass transit systems , Atlanta resembles the new American city . It 's not just a city but also a region ; a metro area that claims its outlying suburbs as its own -- as do Orlando and Dallas and Charlotte . It spans 28 counties sprawled over an area the size of Massachusetts . On Tuesday , a rare weather phenomenon mixed with poor planning and an overdependence on cars conspired to create a perfect storm . What can other cities learn from Atlanta 's debacle ? Let 's comb through the claims and realities : Ugly remnants after storm clobbers Deep South CLAIM : This fiasco could have been avoided if Atlanta had a mass transit system like Boston 's or Chicago 's Both Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed and Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal put much of the blame on the fact that everyone -- government , businesses and schools -- all tried to go home at the same time , clogging highways for hours . "  I said immediately yesterday that releasing all of these folks was not the right way to go , " Reed said Wednesday . "  If I had my druthers , we would have staggered the closures . " REALITY : Yes , it could have But the problem highlights how Atlanta and cities like it depend almost exclusively on cars . Atlanta does have a commuter train system , but it does n't serve the whole metro area . While the city has a workday population of 1 million , the metro area 's population is 6 million . And when offices and schools let out Tuesday , the masses got into their cars to head to the suburbs . An expansive public transportation system would have undoubtedly alleviated some of the ensuing traffic stress . This week 's debacle is also disturbing because if another catastrophe were to hit and roads were the only path out , Atlanta would be in the same situation again . While a recent poll shows that many in the metro Atlanta area support expanded mass transit , the city has n't figured out a way to pay for it . A transportation tax proposal recently failed , with some saying it would have spent too much money on roads instead of light rail . Was Atlanta asleep at the wheel ? CLAIM : Atlanta needs a city government more like New York 's Former Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , who coordinated relief efforts along the Gulf Coast after Hurricane Katrina , said things would have gone more smoothly this week if Atlanta 's city government was more like New York 's . "  They need to have in Atlanta the same type of government you have in New York City , where the mayor controls the city and everything around that city , and the mayor can make decisions on road closures ; he has emergency powers as when schools close , " he said . The schools and the government should have been closed Tuesday , he said . REALITY : The metro area has many leaders Metro Atlanta comprises 140 cities and towns -- most of which have their own leaders making their own decisions . And even within the city of Atlanta , Reed does n't call all the shots , like New York 's mayor . Reed said he does n't have the ultimate say on some issues . For example , Atlanta Public Schools was responsible for deciding when to send students home . And the state is responsible for clearing interstate freeways . But the mayor also said he would have done some things differently . "  We made a mistake by not staggering when people should leave , so I will take responsibility for that -- in lessons learned , " Reed said Wednesday . "  If we had to do it again , we would have said , ` Schools , you go first , private sector , you go second , and government goes last . ' And so I think that would have helped . " Snow-stranded children CLAIM : This was an "  unexpected storm , " and Atlanta did n't play it safe like New Orleans did As thousands of Atlanta commuters sat motionless on interstates Tuesday night into Wednesday , Georgia 's governor said the path of the storm caught officials off guard . "  We have been confronted with an unexpected storm that has hit the metropolitan Atlanta area , " Deal told reporters late Tuesday night . He said as of 10 a.m. ET on Tuesday , "  it was still , in most of the forecasts , anticipated that the city of Atlanta would only have a mild dusting or a very small accumulation , if any , and that the majority of the effects of the storm would be south of here . Preparations were made for those predictions . " REALITY : No it was n't , and Atlanta should have The National Weather Service put the entire Atlanta metro area under a winter storm warning at 3:38 a.m. Tuesday . The agency warned of 1 to 2 inches of snow accumulation and said it would begin "  as early as mid-morning and last into tonight . " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said Atlanta had plenty of warning . Myers himself had predicted that up to 2 inches of snow would fall . In reality , just over 2 inches of snow landed in Atlanta . While that 's nothing for most Northern cities , it can be a huge burden for Southern cities not accustomed to it . Contrast Atlanta 's response to New Orleans ' . It , too , was hit with snow and ice this week , but it decided to play it safe by closing certain roads . To be sure , New Orleans responded slowly to the disastrous Hurricane Katrina . But it 's learned to heed warnings . Georgia 's governor said he 's also learned from this week . "  We all have some lessons we need to learn here from this , " Deal said . "  And I think we all will . " Opinion : Stranded in Atlanta CLAIM : Atlanta did n't pre-treat roads the way Buffalo  and many other Northern cities  do It was a common refrain from drivers who sat more than 10 hours on Atlanta roads : Where are the salting trucks ? Ashley McCants spent half a day in her car before she gave up , got out and carried her son 2 miles to a stranger 's house , where they spent the night . During those 12 hours , she did n't see a single salting truck or snowplow . "  It was disheartening , " McCants said . "  I felt like everyone knew this was coming . " She said the amount of snow "  was not that horrible . " But "  Atlanta was not prepared for it . " REALITY : Atlanta is n't entirely responsible , and the city does n't have the capacity While many pointed their fingers at the mayor , Atlanta 's only responsible for surface streets in the city . It 's actually the state that 's responsible for maintaining interstates , where much of the gridlock occurred . The Georgia Department of Transportation commissioner said crews had been deployed farther south , but then scrambled closer to Atlanta as the storm got under way . But the traffic already choking the roads also blocked salt and sand trucks and snowplows . Myers , who is originally from Buffalo , New York , said streets there are salted well in advance of a coming storm . But Atlanta does n't have the capacity for that kind of treatment . "  We simply have never purchased the amount of equipment necessary , " he said . "  Why would you in a city that gets one snow event every three years ? Why would you buy 500 snowplows and salt trucks and have them sit around for 1,000 days , waiting for the next event ? " Stranded drivers tell their stories	Atlanta does n't have a diverse transit system The city 's mayor does n't call all the shots The state , not the city , is responsible for treating interstate roads The governor said he was caught off guard by the storm 's path
Although it 's been in the works -- and riled alarmists  Whoopi Goldberg had some choice words to share back in May  -- for a while , New York City 's "  Latch On NYC " initiative , which will be put into practice in 27 of the city 's 40 hospitals beginning on September 2 , has caught a recent wave of inflammatory flack among various ` news ' sources , mom bloggers , and more . NYC 's Mayor Bloomberg announced the initiative shortly after the AAP released its new breastfeeding recommendations , which cite an ever-growing body of data supporting breastfeeding 's benefits to babies , moms , and the economy , and stressed hospitals ' important role in this picture . His initiative also followed the public appeal of dozens of consumer and health organizations , to hospitals , to stop doling out corporate formula swag bags to every new mom they discharge . Breastfeeding 's health benefits are indisputable , as are its dismal rates among American moms . Parenting.com : 15 toddler superfoods On the up-side , however , studies have shown repeatedly that exposure to information about breastfeeding increases moms ' desire to give it a whirl . And early , hands-on support  followed by a supportive workplace and public sphere  helps make it really happen . Since US health officials hope to almost double the nursing count by 2020 , hospitals seem like the logical place to start . It surprises me that Latch On NYC has received such vocal criticism . And frankly , much of the recent criticism is based more in the alleged "  Breastfeeding Debates " and their crossfire than in , you know , reality . More on that in a minute . First , here 's the Latch On NYC Plan : In addition to a pro-breastfeeding public transport poster campaign  not the first in the country by any means  , voluntarily complying hospitals will : - Enforce the New York State hospital regulation to not supplement breastfeeding infants with formula unless medically indicated and documented on the infant 's medical chart - Limit access to infant formula by hospital staff - Discontinue the distribution of promotional or free infant formula - Prohibit the display and distribution of infant formula advertising or promotional materials in any hospital location What this means is : Nurses must document the dispensing of formula to new moms , citing a medical reason for its necessity . I.e. nurses will need to actually talk with new moms , and provide them with information and support in trying to breastfeed before they hand out formula . Given the difficulty I had in getting any breastfeeding support after my NYC hospital delivery , I would have welcomed some policy backing my requests . But for new moms who just plain do n't want to breastfeed , this definitely represents a change of tides ... not by much , though . No one will be forced to breastfeed if they truly do n't want to , obviously . Parenting.com : Best cities for families This policy provides an official way to hold hospitals accountable , rather than to condemn women 's choices . In fact , the initiative clearly states that "  Mothers who decide to formula feed and can not afford formula will be referred to WIC  Women , Infants and Children  , a food and nutrition program for low-income families . " I.e. the government is still giving out free formula to those who want to feed it to their babies but ca n't afford to buy it . This is hardly an anti-formula-feeding campaign .  But it definitely is a pro-breastfeeding one  . Next up , limiting formula access means only that there 'll be an extra step between a mom delivering her baby and a nurse handing her formula . Namely , the mom will need to ask for it . Again , I read this as a way to hold hospitals accountable for attending to each patient personally . Finally , Discontinuing corporate swag  promotional materials and actual formula  is a big deal , and a huge step . Karol Markowicz 's  of the New York Post  opinion that "  a mother is n't going to choose to feed her baby formula because she got a free lanyard or tote bag " notwithstanding , the fact is that corporations are , by definition , the opposite of charitable organizations ; they vie for access to new moms in-hospital because , a  brand loyalty is not to be underestimated , and b  mothers assume hospitals have their patients '  i.e. the moms and babies they care for  best interests at heart . Parenting.com : 36 tips for breastfeeding success So if a given formula is provided -- along with "  informational literature " -- actually IN the hospital , that formula must be , by affiliation , a baby 's - best-interest choice .  It 's a subconscious , logical conclusion .  Of course babies can , and do , thrive on formula , but there 's no debate in the medical field as to breast milk 's nutritional superiority . By providing education and support around breastfeeding , and removing formula manufacturers from the picture , hospitals are actually operating with increased professional integrity ; they are actually providing the best possible care to patients . And in some cases , this will mean providing formula to babies ... Is it really so horrible that this wo n't come with a bunch of PR from Nestle ? No.As far as the controversy and crossfire is concerned , the Post 's Karol Markowicz , despite her anything-but-objective objections to the initiative , made one apt , if obnoxiously-presented , point in her critique . Lisa Paladino , of Staten Island University Hospital , had been quoted in this other Post article , explaining that under the new system , a nurse will need to sign out each bottle of formula issued . Markowicz writes , "  Perhaps Paladino has never been around a hungry infant , but she should anticipate a cacophony of screams while perpetually understaffed hospitals find nurse 's aides to sign out formula like it 's morphine . " While her analogy is rather unhinged , her point about understaffing is important ; I was really kind of freaked out , post-delivery , by how little the nurses seemed to care for -- or even check on -- my well-being . When the ` nurse button ' proved pointless , I ended up hobbling down the hallway , barefoot , in search of a glass of drinking water . I was , meanwhile , nervous about my own abilities with a newborn , and the lack of nurse oversight made me afraid that if my baby needed something while with me in my room  something even more urgent than breastfeeding support , which definitely was n't forthcoming  , there would n't be a good way to get medical help ... In a hospital . Yeah . I know my breastfeeding experience -- and entire post-delivery experience -- would have been improved with better post-natal care , along with one-on-one breastfeeding help . Bloomberg 's initiative , along with the recent research pointing to the crucial role that hospitals play in breastfeeding success , will hopefully motivate hospitals to equip themselves with adequate nursing staffs in order to really attend to helping new moms get their bearings -- around breastfeeding , and otherwise . If they do n't , this plan could backfire . But if they do , and it succeeds , it could prove to be a positive model for hospitals to follow , nation-wide . Parenting.com : The most awkward pregnancy photos ever For her part , Markowicz has little else to offer . She dubs Bloomberg 's initiative an "  anti-formula crusade " and writes that breastfeeding hardly needs a policy-backed boost , stating , "  a mere 50 years ago , 75 percent of American infants were using formula ; breastfeeding was the odd way to feed a child . " True , but fifty years ago -- 1962 -- was not exactly a progressive time in American history , particularly for women and babies : Thalidomide for morning sickness ? Twilight Sleep births ? Hello ? Markowicz has cited the least natural point in mainstream American birth practices as a way to ostensibly ` naturalize ' formula feeding 's prime place in our hospitals today . It 's a flimsy argument , and a strange respose to a  voluntary  change in policy here in 2012 . Those who are kicking up  badly-written , and poorly supported  dust around Latch On NYC are fueling negativity for its own sake , as well as divisiveness for the sake of attention  and page views , which add up to advertising sales  . Let 's not get sucked in . At the end of the day , the post-delivery hospital stay is , under normal circumstances , quite brief . A couple of days wo n't keep formula-minded moms from feeding their babies formula . But it can make all the difference in getting moms who want to breastfeed onto a successful track . And greater numbers of successfully breastfeeding babies will make for a healthier population of babies , and moms , overall . This is a fact . This is why Bloomberg jumped in to this incredibly controversial territory -- breastfeeding issues and corporate interests in health care  wow , double-whammy  -- in the first place . Getting swept up in demonizing him , or in any uproar around this new policy , distracts from what the initiative really means for new moms  more support  and for hospitals  step it up  . It 's going to be okay ! It 's not 1962 anymore . What do you think of the Latch On NYC initiative ? What do you think all the uproar is really about ?	New York City 's Latch on NYC initiative will promote breastfeeding for new moms Opponents say the campaign creates obstacles for mothers who prefer to use formula The initiative will be put into place in 27 of the city 's 40 hospitals starting on Sept. 2 Parenting.com 's Taylor Newman says the plan is n't as restrictive as some make it out to be
This week , the U.S. Navy forsook a tradition dating back to the 1800s . Why ? Because it 's now too easily confused with the musings of an Internet lunatic . Naval commanders this week announced that they would be getting rid of a rule that all official communications should be in all-caps . It 's a tradition dating to the 1850s , when the military used teletype machines that did n't have lowercase letters . The change is meant to simplify communication and is supposed to save the Navy $ 15 million because it can get rid of a dedicated messaging service and use regular old e-mail instead . But we have to think not wanting to sound like you 're shouting at someone who SAID SOMETHING WRONG ON THE INTERNET played a role , too . The most gentle message can come across as psychotically aggressive when typed in all caps . So as the Navy transitions , we decided to round up five of our favorite examples of all-cap craziness . The Kanye mea culpa Perhaps it 's not a rant , as such .  Though he 's certainly been no stranger to them  . But we had to go with the time Kanye West slammed down the caps lock to apologize , on his blog , for his infamous stage-bombing of Taylor Swift at the 2009 Video Music Awards . "  I 'M SOOOOO SORRY TO TAYLOR SWIFT AND HER FANS AND HER MOM . I SPOKE TO HER MOTHER RIGHT AFTER AND SHE SAID THE SAME THING MY MOTHER WOULD 'VE SAID . SHE IS VERY TALENTED ! I LIKE THE LYRICS ABOUT BEING A CHEERLEADER AND SHE 'S IN THE BLEACHERS ! ... . I 'M IN THE WRONG FOR GOING ON STAGE AND TAKING AWAY FROM HER MOMENT ! ... " Of course , in the grand tradition of half-apologies , he spends several of his remaining loud sentences justifying the moment he interrupted Swift 's acceptance speech to say that Beyonce should have won instead of her . "  BEYONCE 'S VIDEO WAS THE BEST OF THIS DECADE !!!! I. . . WELCOME TO THE REAL WORLD !!!! EVERYBODY WAN NA BOOOOO ME BUT I 'M A FAN OF REAL POP CULTURE !!! ... I 'M STILL HAPPY FOR TAYLOR !!!! BOOOYAAAWWWW !!!! YOU ARE VERY VERY TALENTED !!! ... I 'M NOT CRAZY YALL , I 'M JUST REAL . " Gotcha . The Bakery flame-out Having your restaurant appear on "  Gordon Ramsay 's Kitchen Nightmares " is bad enough . Having the host quit on you because you 're too hard to work with is even worse . Flaming out about it on Facebook in a series of profanity-laced all-caps outbursts ? Priceless . Amy 's Baking Company , in Scottsdale , Arizona , experienced just that last month after appearing on the show with the famously acerbic chef . So , after the show aired , the smart thing to do would be to take to social media to calmly explain how your restaurant was misrepresented , right ? Or , you can try this : "  WE DO NOT NEED THIS . YOU STUPID PEOPLE . ... DO NOT BLAME US BECAUSE YOU CAN NOT AFFORD QUALITY . THE YELPERS , AND NOW THE REDDITS , NEED TO BACK OFF . YOURE NOT RIGHT BECAUSE OF SOME TV SHOW . " A Facebook freakout ? Wrong you are , apparently : "  WE ARE NOT FREAKING OUT WE DO NOT CARE ABOUT A ` WITCH HUNT ' I AM NOT A WITCH . I AM GODS CHILD . P -- OFF ALL OF YOU . F -- REDDITS , F -- YELP AND F -- ALL OF YOU . BRING IT . WE WILL FIGHT BACK . " Believe us when we tell you they were just getting started . Things got so bad that Amy 's has since created a new Facebook page . Nearly a month later , let 's just say that it 's still not polite coffee talk . The Comic Sans LeBron slam Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert 's 2010 open letter to fans after LeBron James left the team for the shores of South Beach is mainly remembered for another typographical choice . His fiery screed was typed in Comic Sans -- an Internet-reviled font that is sort of hard to read without giggling . But it was the single sentence he decided to go all-caps with that makes this list : "  I PERSONALLY GUARANTEE THAT THE CLEVELAND CAVALIERS WILL WIN AN NBA CHAMPIONSHIP BEFORE THE SELF-TITLED FORMER ` KING ' WINS ONE " As you NBA fans may have noted , James already has one title under his belt with the Miami Heat and he 's currently in the finals playing for number two . The Cavs ? Still waiting . I 'll tweet you , babe OK , Cher , we get it . Donald Trump rubs a lot of people the wrong way . From the tone-deaf self-promotion to the strident political views , Mr. Apprentice has mixed it up with everyone from irreverent sports blog Deadspin to CNN 's own Wolf Blitzer . So when the pop-music icon caught on to an effort to boycott Trump 's line of neckties , she was so worked up she had to do it in all-caps . "  I 'll NEVER GO TO MACY 'S AGAIN ! I did n't know they sold Donald Trump 's Line ! If they do n't care that they sell products from a LOUDMOUTH , " Cher wrote on Twitter . Then : "  RACIST CRETIN , WHO 'D LIE LIKE ` HIS RUG ' TO GET SOME CHEAP PRESS ! I CANT BELIEVE MACY 'S THINKS HE 'S THE RIGHT ` MAN ' 2 REPRESENT THEIR NAME ! " Say what you will about The Donald . At least he did n't resort to all-caps in his response . " @cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career ! " Trump wrote . We did n't say it was classy . Just that it was n't in all-caps . Drunk Hulk Is drunk OK , we did n't say they were the worst all-caps rants . Just the top ones . And it 's hard to top an enormous green rage monster who has knocked back a few too many . Twitter 's Drunk Hulk , one of our favorite parody accounts , tweets sort of exactly like you 'd imagine a witty , pre-intervention Hulk would tackle the topics of the day . On government surveillance : "  IT GREAT GOVERNMENT RECORD EVERY PHONE CALL ! NOW DRUNK HULK FIND OUT WHAT WAS SAID WHEN DRUNK HULK CALL YOU LAST NIGHT ! " On really sad fantasy epics : "  GAME OF THRONES ! GO TO YOUR ROOM ! AND THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU DONE ! " On a Billy Joel classic : "  IF YOU SEE MAN MAKING LOVE TO TONIC AND GIN AT BAR ! NO SING SONG ABOUT IT ! CALL POLICE IMMEDIATELY ! " His whole Twitter feed is an all-caps rant . And we 're not going to tell him to stop , are you ? What did we miss ? Let us know about some of your favorite rants in the comments .	The U.S. Navy has announced it will no longer communicate in all-caps Tradition dated back to teletype machines of the 1800s Even innocent messages seem aggressive online when they 're capitalized From Kanye West to Cher , here are some of our favorites
CNN  -- The man immortalized by Martin Scorsese 's film "  Goodfellas " has died . Henry Hill , a former member of the Lucchese family of mobsters , died Tuesday in a Los Angeles hospital , according to a statement on his website . Hill passed away one day after his 69th birthday . The cause of Hill 's death has not yet been released . The self-proclaimed mobster first came onto the media scene in the nonfiction book "  Wiseguy , " by journalist Nicholas Pileggi , detailing the "  never-before-revealed day-to-day life of a working mobster -- his violence , his wild spending sprees , his wife , his mistresses , his code of honor , " according to the book 's back cover . The 1990 film , "  Goodfellas , " depicted the rock-n-roll lifestyle of New York City mobsters -- everything from wealth and women to drugs and death . AMC has ` Goodfellas ' series in development "  You never rat on your friends and you always keep your mouth shut , " Hill 's character , played by Ray Liotta , was told in the movie . However , when Hill became worried his mob associates were out to kill him he became a police informant and "  ratted out " scores of other gangsters . As the New York Times reported , the largest crime in which Hill participated was a theft at New York 's Kennedy International Airport , when the clan stole $ 5 million in cash and another $ 1 million in jewels from a Lufthansa cargo terminal . Hill testified against his compatriots and was not prosecuted for the crime . He lived in relative obscurity until the film 's success drew him out of hiding . Later in life , Hill became somewhat of a media magnet , appearing frequently in mafia documentaries and as a guest on "  The Howard Stern Show . " The mobster was quite prolific on his website , goodfellahenry.com , dedicating an entire section entitled the "  How to Be a Mobster Guide " to dispensing tricks of the trade . In the guide , which he wrote was meant to be purely humor , Hill described how to "  pistol whip " , how to look good while on the run and the best ways to hide a corpse . Hill 's longtime companion , Lisa Caserta told CBS News that he died surrounded by family members and that years of smoking and a recent heart attack were cause for his poor health . 2011 : Original ` Goodfella ' Henry Hill talks mafia busts	Then man who inspired mobster film , "  Goodfellas , " passed away at the age of 69 Tuesday Hill was a gangster , turned police informant whose story was immoratlized in Martin Scorsese 's film He lived in relative obscurity until the film 's popularity drew him out of hiding Hill 's longtime companion , Lisa Caserta , told media he died surrounded by family members
CNN  -- Authorities made a series of arrests at Occupy Wall Street protests in California and Georgia on Tuesday and Wednesday , with clashes in one city that involved tear gas being used on demonstrators . Police said they fired the tear gas on protesters in Oakland , California , after the crowd threw paint and other objects at officers . Among the injured in the clash was a two-time Iraq war veteran , Scott Olsen , who sustained a skull fracture after allegedly being shot in the head with a police projectile , according to Iraq Veterans Against the War . Olsen , a former Marine , was in serious but stable condition Wednesday afternoon at Highland General Hospital in Oakland , said Dottie Guy , a member of the veterans group who told CNN by phone that she was visiting Olsen at the hospital . Among a growing number of war vets participating in the Occupy movement , Olsen was peacefully marching from a downtown library toward City Hall in an effort to reclaim an encampment that had been cleared out by police , the veterans group said . During Tuesday 's clash in Oakland , plumes of smoke could be seen in the city as about 500 people defied calls to leave an area of downtown Oakland , according to police . Protesters had camped for weeks in several areas in the city , including near City Hall , police said . "  The city remains committed to respecting free speech as well as maintaining the city 's responsibility to protect public health and safety , " Oakland police said in a statement . Oakland resident Andrew Johnson said he decided to leave when police threatened arrests , soon after hearing explosions as tear gas canisters were fired into the air . "  I think at first it was a pretty inspiring sight , " he said of the protesters . "  It was inspiring to see people so impassioned . But when the police action began , it was a pretty unnerving sight . Just to see that energy turn into panic and anger was unsettling . " In Atlanta , police arrested demonstrators at a downtown park overnight . The arrests came after Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed said he sent ministers to the park "  to see if we can find a way to resolve this amicably . " Reed told CNN affiliate WSB that concerns were increased when a man in the park was seen with an assault rifle . "  We could not determine whether the weapon was loaded and could not get additional information on the weapon , " he said . Authorities ordered people to leave the park around midnight Tuesday , WSB said , going from tent to tent with flashlights . Arrests began taking place about 12:45 a.m. Organizers had asked protesters to be peaceful if police took action , and most were , WSB said . Many gathered in the center of the park , locked arms and sang "  We Shall Overcome , " as police led them one by one to waiting buses . A protester at the park said he was scared . "  It 's very intimidating , " said Malcolm McKenzie . "  I believe what we 're doing is right , but we 're going to jail . It hurts to see America do this to people who want change . " It was unclear how many people were arrested in the two cities . CNN affiliate KGO reported that at least 85 people were arrested during an early morning raid in one part of Oakland and there were other arrests throughout the day . In Atlanta , WSB reported 53 were arrested . In Oakland early Tuesday , police dismantled a tent camp set up by protesters in a city park . The overnight camping had to end because of health and safety concerns , Oakland police said in a statement . "  There were a series of safety conditions , including numerous reports of fighting , assault and threatening/intimidating behavior " at the camp , police said in a statement . Medical responders could not get to the scene to provide medical care on at least two occasions , and fire and police also could not get through . "  Sanitation conditions worsened with frequent instances of public urination and defecation , as well as improper food storage , " the police statement said . "  The existing rodent problem in the park was exacerbated , and authorities were unable to control it because of the campers ' presence . Graffiti , litter and vandalism also posed problems , police said . After the camp was dispersed , the protesters reconvened for demonstrations later in the day , the affiliates said , prompting the new clashes . Video from the Oakland clashes showed a chaotic scene , with protesters running from clouds of tear gas . Oakland and Atlanta are two of many cities worldwide dealing with the Occupy Wall Street protests , the leaderless movement that started in New York in September . Next round of protests to be closely watched Demonstrators have typically railed against what they describe as corporate greed , arrogance and power , as well as repeatedly stated their assertion that the nation 's wealthiest 1 % hold inordinate sway over the remaining 99 % of the population . Meanwhile , Occupy Wall Street expanded its message to include a call for better health care for the "  99 percent , " marching to a shuttered Greenwich Village hospital slated to become high-end condominiums . Several hundred protesters from Zuccotti Park spent their afternoon connecting their message to the health care debate , converging on the offices of Blue Cross Blue Shield , rallying with doctors and nurses , before heading to the site of the former St. Vincent 's Hospital . The hospital closed April 30 , 2010 , and there has been a bitter public debate since over plans to build high-end condominium apartments in a neighborhood with overcrowded schools and no other public health care . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Amber Lyon , Steve Turnham , Rose Arce , Nick Valencia , Jessica Jordan and Rich Phillips contributed to this report	One protester , a war vet , has his skull fractured by a police projectile , group says In Oakland , police say they fired tear gas after a crowd hit them with paint In Atlanta , demonstrators are arrested at Woodruff Park "  It hurts to see America do this to people who want change , " an Atlanta man says
CNN  -- Los Angeles Lakers center Andrew Bynum was forced to retire from the fourth game of the NBA finals with an ongoing knee problem , as his team went down 96-89 to the Boston Celtics . Bynum had fluid drained from his knee just days before the first game of the best-of-seven series last week , but until now the injury has not hampered his performance . However , the 22-year-old spent almost half of Thursday night 's game in Boston on the bench , only managing 12 minutes of action in the second half as L.A. 's East Coast rivals leveled the finals at 2-2 . "  Obviously we miss Andrew when he 's not out there , " the Lakers ' Spanish center Pau Gasol told his team 's official Web site . "  He 's been so effective blocking shots and rebounding . Those two things alone are a big plus for us . " Trailing two points going into the last quarter , the Celtics came from behind to win the game to prevent the defending champions from pulling ahead in the series . Paul Pierce was Boston 's top scorer , finishing with 19 points . But veteran Celtics players Glen Davis and Nate Robinson were instrumental in their team sealing the win . Coming off the bench Davis scored nine of his 18 points in the final quarter and Robinson all of his 12 . "  I just felt like a beast . I just felt like I could n't be denied , " Davis told the official NBA Web site . "  It was all will and determination . This is where you grab the moment . All you can do is play in the moment . " Lakers coach Phil Jackson believes that his team were outplayed by the New Englanders , especially in the closing stages of the game . "  They really stepped on it in the fourth quarter , " said Phil Jackson . "  We seemed to not be able to stop the momentum of their game . And Jackson has hinted at a change of tactics in the next game in order to make the most of guard Kobe Bryant , who scored 33 points but was not effective in the fourth quarter . "  He was tired , " Jackson said . "  Physically he had to work too hard in the course of the game , and he could n't finish it out like he wanted to . We 'll have to do something different the next game to get him off the floor and keep him ready for that fourth quarter . " The Lakers are now hoping they can bounce back in game five , hopefully with the help of a fully fit Bynum , and not allow the Celtics to take a series lead . "  I think we have enough in our arsenal to produce , " said Gasol . "  We know what to do , we know how to get it done . Game five will take place in Boston on Sunday , before the series moves back to L.A. for the sixth , and if required , seventh game . The Celtics are seeking a record breaking 18th NBA title , and the Lakers their 16th .	Boston Celtics beat the L.A. Lakers 96-89 in the fourth game of NBA finals to level series Lakers ' Andrew Bynum was forced to withdraw from the game with a knee problem Veteran Celtics players Glen Davis and Nate Robinson helped Celtics come from behind in final quarter L.A. 's Kobe Bryant scored 33 points but tired in the closing stages of the game
