CNN  -- Over Valentine 's Day weekend in 2003 , a group of Italian thieves broke into a massive vault in the heart of Antwerp , Belgium 's diamond district and got away with an estimated $ 500 million worth of precious stones and diamonds . While the rest of the city was busy celebrating romance and love , these tenacious men peeled open safe deposit box after safe deposit box , leaving excess treasure on the ground like it was garbage . When the security guard came to unlock the vault door on Monday morning , he found it already opened and the vault floor littered with millions of dollars worth of diamonds , gold , semiprecious gems and other items the thieves left behind . Everyone was stunned . Despite the heavy security , the unimaginable happened . Drag queens , fake beards , chocolates : Notable diamond heists Ten years later , it happened again . On Monday night , a well-organized group of armed men dressed like police officers swarmed a passenger plane in Brussels , Belgium , and made off with about $ 50 million worth of diamonds . It just shows -- you can never let down your guard when it comes to diamonds . The problem with safeguarding diamonds is that they are so incredibly valuable and easy to resell that thieves will always be trying to get their hands on them . It is important for those tasked with securing such high value items to never grow complacent . The more valuable a target , the more likely that there will be those out there biding their time and learning the mechanics of the security measures in order to break them . Once a heist occurs , it is nearly impossible to trace back the stolen diamonds . Just as banks have problems with robbers desiring their cash , those in the diamond trade have to constantly prepare for the possibility that one day , after years and years of nothing happening , they will be under attack . In the 2003 heist , the vault was thought to be impregnable in part because of the surrounding high security of the Antwerp diamond district . But the clever thieves bypassed the security by entering through the rear of the building that held the vault via a garage door that opened outside the secure portion of the district . After that , they had to beat a combination lock , key lock , heat detector , motion detector , light detector and more . Monday 's heist involved a transfer of diamonds from the Antwerp diamond district to the Brussels airport . I 've seen these diamond runs before . A Brinks armored truck arrives in nearby Antwerp , passes through the extensive security surrounding the diamond district and picks up cash and diamonds . Then it takes the valued goods to the Brussels airport to be flown to diamond centers around the world . Key elements of the security in these runs include the armored truck , which would be difficult , although not impossible to neutralize . The runs are also accompanied by police officers equipped with submachine guns and body armor . Antwerp 's diamond district , much like Brussels ' airport , has hundreds of closed circuit cameras , armed guards and barriers against unauthorized vehicles as part of its security measures . The thieves must have watched and noticed that as impressive as this security looks , there were holes . Or perhaps they had an inside source that alerted them to a vulnerability . Once the trucks arrived at the airport with their police escort , they would make their delivery and then leave . So for a very small window of time , only unarmed cargo workers would guard the jewels . Those transporting diamonds assumed that the security at a major international airport would be enough to protect their goods . Now they know they ca n't assume anything . The thieves just needed to get around all the normal airport security that prevented them from walking into the airport and getting to the plane through the front door . There were holes in the airport 's security wide enough to drive a truck through , and that 's literally what happened . The thieves cut some fences , drove onto the tarmac , grabbed the diamonds and got out fast . In the age of terrorism , it is shocking that armed men were able to make it onto a tarmac right beside an airplane filled with passengers . The thieves took advantage of this assumption by everyone involved that an airport tarmac is a safe place . The people transporting the diamonds should have made sure they were secure until the moment the plane lifted off the ground and maybe even have someone on board to protect them in flight . Instead , the armed police who brought the diamonds to the airport were gone by the time the robbers drove up to the plane . Anytime that you are protecting something of enormous value , you need to stay aware that there are smart , talented people who will spend the time needed to carefully dissect the security and exploit any weakness in it . Those protecting diamonds need to be running scenarios where they imagine ways to negate or bypass their own security . Perhaps outside experts -- or teams -- could be used , one side trying to achieve a criminal objective , while the other thinks of ways of beefing up security to prevent them . Ten years after the world-record-setting diamond heist in Antwerp , this week 's diamond robbery is a sharp reminder that sophisticated criminal outfits are still out there and that even the most impressive security system could have unnoticed holes . As long as we value diamonds , there will be those who apply their intelligence and creativity to stealing them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Scott Andrew Selby .	On Tuesday , armed men pulled a heist and made off with about $ 50 million worth of diamonds Scott Andrew Selby : You can never let down the guard when it comes to diamonds He says there are always clever people who will try to exploit any holes in the security Selby : Those tasked with securing highly valuable items should never grow complacent
CNN Student News  -- May 16 , 2014 Is it possible  and is it feasible  to build a high-speed rail line connecting China to the U.S. ? With discussions underway , CNN Student News explores the planned route . We also report on a troubling start to California 's wildfire season , and we look back at the Supreme Court decision that led to desegregation in U.S. schools . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What interviews and images would you include in an educational report about the 9/11 attacks ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What one , general word is often used to refer to an unmanned aircraft ? 2 . What country , the world 's second most populated , is sometimes called the world 's largest democracy ? 3 . What international organization is holding discussions on what future robots should and should not be allowed to do ? 4 . What Washington , D.C. landmark celebrated its reopening this week , after its earthquake repairs were completed ? 5 . Homs is an ancient city in what war-torn , Middle Eastern nation ? 6 . Approximately what percentage of wildfires in the U.S. are caused by people ? 7 . What national cemetery in Washington , D.C. is observing a 150th anniversary this year ? 8 . What potentially deadly virus , first confirmed in Saudi Arabia in 2012 , has reached the U.S. ? 9 . What 1954 Supreme Court case established that segregation in public schools is unconstitutional ? 10 . What sea passage separates the U.S. and Russia by about 50 miles ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- The United States is a Pacific power . Not only do millions of Americans live in states that border or are firmly rooted in the Pacific , more than 300,000 military service members and civilians who support them are stationed throughout the Pacific . Countless American businesses and farmers also rely on access to this expanding market that has become an engine of global economic growth . In addition to reflecting our values , our foreign policy must reflect the fact that our prosperity and security is intimately linked with that of the Asia-Pacific . Having just returned from this critical region , we heard directly from senior U.S. military commanders , along with key leaders in Japan and South Korea , about the desire for bolstering alliances that have been the cornerstone of stability in Asia . We also met senior Chinese officials in Beijing and U.S. business leaders in Shanghai about potential opportunities and challenges accompanying China 's dramatic rise . Asia 's continued economic growth is not certain , and the region is threatened by a despotic and volatile North Korean regime armed with nuclear weapons . Many nations are concerned that China will use its growing economic and military power to coerce its neighbors . Our allies and adversaries alike have seen how America failed to enforce its "  red line " in Syria , and they are questioning whether we have the resolve to respond decisively to challenges in Asia . Our partners are watching America 's response to Russia 's invasion of Ukraine . They fear allowing an assault on Ukraine 's territorial integrity to stand will invite challenges to the established international order and fuel already tense maritime territorial disputes that threaten stability in Asia . For decades , America has deterred threats to peace in Asia , and these partners worry America lacks the commitment and capabilities to back threats with action . America can not lead in the region if it is thousands of miles away . The indispensable symbol of American strength and leadership is the U.S. carrier fleet . Protecting key international shipping lanes -- vital to our own economic stability -- has long been a central mission of the U.S. Navy . But it is a mission that requires the forward basing of significant American naval resources , most importantly aircraft carriers such as the USS George Washington . We were honored to board the George Washington at its forward port facility in Japan and visit its crew . This aircraft carrier is due for a midlife overhaul , but the administration 's proposed budget does n't include funding for this much-needed service , putting the future of it and the 11-carrier fleet in jeopardy . Our military commanders were clear about the need for the unique power projection capabilities provided by our aircraft carrier fleet . These commanders know our allies and adversaries alike are watching to see if America allows its military superiority to wither , and struggle every day to reassure their counterparts throughout the region . America can not keep the peace alone -- nor have we . Our allies have welcomed American military forces on their soil for decades , allowing the United States to project military power far from our shores and enhancing our security here at home . We are encouraged by the desire of these allies to contribute more to regional security , but much work is needed to help them bolster their defenses , encourage greater coordination among them and reassure our allies and adversaries of our enduring commitment to Asia . The sheer economic dynamism of Asia is impressive , and more than half of the world 's population lives there . It is important for America 's economy that billions of Asian consumers are able to purchase our goods , services and agricultural products more easily . This is why we support the Trans-Pacific Partnership , which is needed not only to facilitate greater trade across the Pacific but also to establish the economic rules of the road firmly for the 21st century . A trade agreement based on mutually beneficial terms will promote real economic growth and real jobs here at home . We saw in China the stunning scope of economic growth that has lifted millions out of poverty and bolstered our own economic fortunes . But we were also struck by the absence of political and religious freedom in China . While in Shanghai , we learned of the plight of a Catholic bishop under house arrest for refusing to be subservient to the Communist Party . And we visited a synagogue that by government edict is only open on High Holy Days , just a few times a year . We believe that with economic freedom there should also be political freedom , and we call upon the Chinese government to respect the universal human rights of its own citizens . America has a bright future in Asia , but only if we seize it . Our trip coincided with President Barack Obama 's visit to the region . Both Republicans and Democrats delivered similar messages about the importance of our alliances in Asia and our commitment to the region . Now we must back our words with actions . Unless the United States reinvests in its military , strengthens its alliances and displays strong leadership , we will see increased threats , greater risk of instability and economic turbulence in a region of pivotal importance to America 's future . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	A GOP delegation , fresh back from Asia trip , looks at U.S. standing in region Asia 's continued economic growth is not certain , these lawmakers say They fear that China will use its economic and military power to coerce neighbors They argue U.S. carrier fleet overdue for upgrades that administration has n't budgeted
CNN  -- Paul Anthony Ciancia was a newcomer to Los Angeles -- a 23-year-old Catholic school graduate and son of a popular Fraternal Order of Police member back in New Jersey . According to a profile emerging of the suspected gunman , he also harbored anti-government views and fears of an ominous New World Order when he walked into Los Angeles International Airport on Friday . Police say Ciancia pulled an assault rifle out of a bag and opened fire in the airport , killing Transportation Security Administration officer Gerardo Hernandez , 39 , and wounding several others , including at least two other agents , in what appeared to be an orchestrated assault on members of the federal agency . A federal criminal complaint was filed Saturday afternoon charging Ciancia with murder of a federal officer and commission of violence in an international airport , U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. said . Investigators unable to interview suspect Ciancia remained hospitalized Saturday . FBI Special Agent in Charge David Bowdich described him as "  unresponsive . " "  We are unable to interview him , as of today , " Bowdich said . Asked at a news conference if Ciancia had any known run-ins with TSA officers , Bowdich said , "  To this point , we have found none . " Shooter : "  Are you TSA ? " Eyewitnesses said Friday 's shooter walked from person to person , calmly asking , "  Hey , are you TSA ? " "  I just shook my head , " Leon Saryan , a traveler at the airport , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  And he kept going . " Ciancia was eventually shot multiple times in the chest and taken into custody as he allegedly continued his eerily calm run through the airport 's Terminal 3 . He had enough ammunition to "  have literally killed everyone in that terminal , " Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said . Ex-roommate in L.A. shocked In the hours after the attack , with the terminal at one of the world 's busiest airports still closed , authorities were piecing together a picture of the man in hopes of finding answers . If they 're looking for telltale signs of trouble from before he moved to Los Angeles about a year and a half ago , nothing has emerged , at least publicly . John Mincey , who said Ciancia was his roommate in a Los Angeles apartment complex until February , said he was "  absolutely shocked " by the charges . "  From knowing this guy , I ca n't believe that he would -- it just does n't make sense , " Mincey told CNN affiliate KABC-TV . "  He would always talk about documentaries he would watch , " but Ciancia never talked about "  any hatred , " Mincey said . Mincey told KABC he had lunch last week with Ciancia , who said he was going to New Jersey for the holidays and hoped to make amends with his family . Chaos , terror unfold inside LAX Terminal 3 No history of mental illness in New Jersey Allen Cummings , the police chief in Ciancia 's hometown of Pennsville , New Jersey , said Ciancia has no history of violence or recorded mental illness . Family members told police he did n't seem troubled the last time they saw him -- when he visited family for a wedding this summer . "  Obviously , you know , they 're upset , " Cummings told CNN . "  I mean , this is a shock to them . It 's a shock to our community . " Ciancia grew up in a quiet , wooded neighborhood just minutes from the Delaware Memorial Bridge , according to The News Journal in Wilmington , Delaware . Houses there are far apart , nestled in the woods at the end of driveways sometimes hundreds of feet long . He once worked in a popular auto repair shop owned by his father , an associate member of the local Fraternal Order of Police who neighbors say has always been known for how well he takes care of customers there . Remembered as quiet high school student The younger Ciancia graduated in 2008 from an all-boys Catholic school , the Salesianum School , in Wilmington , according to Brendan P. Kennealey , the school president . Classmates there described him as awkward , saying he never fit in . "  In four years , I never heard a word out of his mouth , " David Hamilton , who graduated with Ciancia in 2008 , told the Los Angeles Times . "  He kept to himself and ate lunch alone a lot . I really do n't remember any one person who was close to him . " Texts alarmed family It was n't immediately clear Saturday why he moved across the country . But that may have been where the first signs of trouble began to surface . In texts to his brother and father , Ciancia said he was unhappy and discouraged living in Los Angeles , according to an intelligence source with knowledge of the investigation . The source spoke on condition of anonymity , citing the ongoing investigation . It was one of those text messages that made his family think something bad was about to happen . "  Basically , the text message was just a message to the little brother , and the way it was written , they had some concern about it , and that 's when they brought it to our attention , " Cummings said . The intelligence source described his texts as "  angry " and "  rambling . " LAX shooting underlines security vulnerabilities Father called hometown police chief The father called Cummings about 1:30 p.m. ET on Friday . Cummings , in turn , called the Los Angeles Police Department , asking them to check on him and make sure he was OK . When they checked , he was n't home . The next Cummings heard , he said , were media reports linking Ciancia to the shooting . Angry note found on suspect A note found on the alleged shooter paints a picture of an angry young man . The materials included a rant that appeared to refer to the New World Order as well as anti-TSA and anti-government claims , a federal law enforcement official said Saturday . The New World Order is a common conspiracy theory focused on a secretive group of international elites bent on controlling the planet and forming a one-world government . Sources : Note said "  kill TSA " Investigators found information on the suspect expressing not just anti-federal government sentiment but also anger at the TSA specifically , according to a federal law enforcement official . Multiple reports cite police sources saying the note included language saying he wanted to "  kill TSA " and "  pigs . " The evolution of those thoughts , and how they may have led to Friday 's bloody shooting , is a story that is yet to unfold . "  We are currently investigating his background and more about him , " FBI Special Agent in Charge David Bowdich told reporters . CNN 's Greg Botelho , David Simpson , Deborah Feyerick , Chelsea J. Carter , Joseph Netto and Paul Matadeen contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI unable to interview wounded LAX shooting suspect Paul Anthony Ciancia NEW : FBI has found no evidence of prior TSA incidents involving suspect Federal charges filed against Ciancia for murder of officer and violence in an airport Ciancia sent "  angry , rambling " texts to his brother and father , police say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Early assessments by two aid agencies suggest that Vietnam looks set to escape the scale of death and devastation wrought by Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines . The typhoon made landfall early on Monday morning in northern Vietnam , packing winds of 120 kph  75 mph  , before weakening to a tropical storm and heading to southern China . Haiyan has claimed up to 10,000 lives in the Philippines and flattened whole towns . The state-run Vietnam News Agency reported that five people had been killed . "  In general , we do not anticipate that the damage will be on the scale of Haiyan in the Philippines but there will be recovery needs , " said Snigda Chakraborty , country manager of Catholic Relief Services Vietnam . "  The typhoon has really weakened but it also changed its direction to where communities were not that ready , " she said . The typhoon , which had initially been forecast to hit central Vietnam , skirted the country 's long coastline on Sunday before making landfall near Ha Long Bay , a popular tourist destination known for its limestone peaks that jut dramatically out of the Gulf of Tonkin . Authorities had evacuated more than 800,000 people from provinces and cities in the storm 's path . Michael Annear , Vietnam country representative for the International Federation of the Red Cross , said the threat for heavy rain , flash floods and landslides remains as Haiyan moves into China . "  We 're concerned about the rain that 's predicted -- 200 mm to 300 mm -- across the northeast part of Vietnam , " he said . "  Flooding and landslides are the biggest risks . Wind damage is also a risk though we have early reports that only 100 households were damaged . " China raised its highest "  red " typhoon warning on Sunday , with southern Chinese provinces of Guangxi and Guangdong and the island of Hainan expected to be affected . Six people were confirmed missing on Sunday afternoon after their cargo vessel got lost in the South China Sea , Xinhua said . Typhoon Haiyan made landfall in the Philippines on Friday but the extent of the damage and loss of life is still becoming clear .	Early assessments suggest Vietnam will avoid devastation wrought by Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines The typhoon made landfall early on Monday morning in northern Vietnam Typhoon has since weakened and now a tropical storm Threat of floods and landslides remains as Haiyan moves into southern China
CNN  -- The body of a Massachusetts Air National Guard pilot with "  numerous deployments to the Middle East " has been identified after his F-15C fighter jet crashed Wednesday in Virginia , an Air National Guard official said Friday . Lt. Col. Morris "  Moose " Fontenot Jr. , based out the 104th Fighter Wing in Westfield , Massachusetts , was killed in the crash . An Air Force Academy graduate , Fontenot earned the Meritorious Service Medal , the Air Medal , the Aerial Achievement Medal , the Air Force Commendation Medal , the Air Force Achievement Medal and the Combat Readiness Medal , among others , for his service . He had more than 17 years of F-15 flying experience . He also completed active-duty assignments in Japan , Washington , Idaho , Florida and Alaska . He joined the Massachusetts Air National Guard in February . His body was found in the mountains near Deerfield Valley , Virginia , on Thursday evening , according to Lt. Anthony Mutti , spokesman for Barnes Air National Guard Base . The search for the single-seat aircraft was complicated by the remote , wooded location of the crash , near the Virginia-West Virginia border . Before losing contact , Fontenot had reported an in-flight emergency , according to Col. James Keefe , 104th Fighter Wing commander .	Lt. Col. Morris Fontenot Jr. was a member of the Massachusetts Air National Guard His body was found in a remote area of Virginia after his jet crashed Wednesday He had been deployed numerous times to the Middle East , received several honors
CNN  -- A South Florida man killed his wife and son with a crossbow , drove 460 miles to try and kill his other son , and then slit his own throat . The violent , long-distance rampage took Pedro Maldonado Sr. from one end of the state to the other . While the Broward County Sheriff 's Office continues to piece together a time line , detectives believe Maldonado shot and killed his 47-year-old wife , Monica Narvaez-Maldonado , and their 17-year-old son , Pedro Maldonado Jr. , with a crossbow in their Weston townhouse sometime on Monday . Weston is located about 13 miles west of Fort Lauderdale . The sheriff 's report says Maldonado , 53 , then drove about 460 miles north to Tallahassee in an attempt to kill his older son , JosÃ © Maldonado , who attends Florida State University . "  His dad did try to shoot him with the same handheld crossbow and the arrow hit Jose 's ear , " Dani Moschella , a spokeswoman for the sheriff 's department , told CNN affiliate WSVN . "  Then his father tried to choke him , and JosÃ © luckily was able to get away . " JosÃ © Maldonado never reported the attack to police , but it was his father 's confession to a friend on Tuesday that set authorities on his trail . The Broward Sheriff 's report says Pedro Maldonado called a friend in Miami and admitted to killing his wife and son . A short time later , authorities found their bodies in the South Florida townhouse . Did Montana newlywed blindfold husband before pushing him off cliff ? Later in the day , authorities learned that Maldonado might be in the Lake City area , about 100 miles east of Tallahassee . The Columbia County Sheriff 's Office found his SUV at a hotel . After trying to contact Maldonado for hours , they entered his room and found him dead early Wednesday . He slit his own throat , authorities said . Man kills wife , dogs in home "  I knew them . They were good neighbors . I never heard anything from the house -- no screaming , no fighting , nothing , " neighbor Ana Maldonado , who is not related to the family , told WSVN . "  Terrible . I do n't see why parents have to get the kids involved . If you have a problem , solve it . "  Do what he did far away , by himself , but leave the family alone . " Cops : Husband kills wife with AK-47 CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Authorities say Pedro Maldonado killed his wife and son with a crossbow He then drove 460 milles to Tallahassee in an attempt to kill his other son Maldonado later called a friend , admitting to killing two family members He took his life in a Lake City hotel room , authorities say
ROME . Italy -- Italy and Roma striker Francesco Totti has threatened to quit the Italian Players Association , in a row over the starting date of the next Serie A season . Roma striker Totti has complained that the Italian players are never listened to . The row began last month , when the Italian Football League , which is run by the presidents of clubs in the country 's top two divisions , voted to start the season on August 26 . In doing so , they ignored a request by Italy coach Roberto Donadoni to play the first round of matches midway through the month , to give his players time to gain match-fitness ahead of Euro 2008 qualifiers against France and Ukraine in early September . "  I 'm ready to leave the Italian Players Association . We are the principal actors , but also the people who are never listened to , " Totti was quoted as saying in Italian football magazine Dieci . "  This is the moment in which we must make our voice heard . We wanted to start on August 19 , to have an extra week 's rest at Christmas and allow the national team to come into the big matches in September better prepared . "  Those who decided  on August 26  did n't care at all about Donadoni 's needs . " Serie A is one of the last major European leagues to start next season . The opening round of English Premier League matches is scheduled to start on August 11 , while the French Ligue 1 will kick off on August 4 . E-mail to a friend	Francesco Totti threatens to quit the Italian Players ' Association The Italy and Roma striker is upset over the early start to the new season He says : We are the principal actors , but ... are never listened to . "
CNN  -- Mitt Romney hates apologies . That 's why he leaped to the conclusion that , in the wake of the killing of Libya Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three other State Department employees , the Obama administration had issued an apology for America 's actions . "  It 's a terrible course for America to stand in apology for our values , " Romney declared . "  It 's disgraceful that the Obama administration 's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks . " What Romney called a disgraceful response by the Obama administration to the Libyan killings was in fact a statement issued before the killings by America 's Cairo Embassy condemning an anti-Islam film that portrays the Prophet Mohammed as a child molester . The title of Romney 's 2010 campaign autobiography , "  No Apology : The Case for American Greatness , " makes it clear that his hatred of apologies runs deep . Unfortunately , such hatred ignores history . What Romney , who after disparaging 47 % of Americans for being dependents has insisted there was nothing wrong in what he said , fails to understand is that presidential apologies are nothing new . What 's more is that they apologize without drawing critical backlash from their fellow conservatives . Bill Clinton 's 1998 apology for the failure of America and the international community to respond quickly to the 1994 genocide in Rwanda may be the most memorable public apology by any contemporary president . But two of the most conservative Republicans in recent history , it is worth pointing out , have issued telling public apologies of their own . The most moving of these conservative apologies was the one that Ronald Reagan made in 1988 on signing the legislation that provided $ 1.25 billion in reparations , along with a formal apology from the government , for the forcible relocation of 120,000 West Coast Japanese-Americans after the 1941 Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor . In signing the bill , Reagan , who as an actor was living in California at the time of the relocation , made clear that the money offered to the victimized families was less important than the public apology . "  No payment can make up for those lost years , " Reagan said . "  So what is important in this bill has less to do with property than with honor , for here , we admit a wrong . " Today those words have taken on enduring form . In Washington they are engraved on the National Japanese-American Memorial to Patriotism During World War II , which is within blocks of the Capitol . In addition to Reagan 's words , the memorial features a towering sculpture of two bronze cranes , each with one wing pointing to the sky and the other pinned down by barbed wire . Two decades later , George W. Bush , the Republican closest in ideology to Ronald Reagan , made a similar statement of regret . In a 2008 video conference with Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki of Iraq , Bush apologized for the actions of an American sniper in Iraq who used a Quran for target practice . "  He apologized for that in the sense that he said that we take it very seriously , " White House press secretary Dana Perino told reporters after the video conference . "  We wanted them to know that the president knew that this was wrong . " The impacts that Reagan , Clinton and Bush hoped their individual apologies would have turned out to be as different as their politics . That is to be expected . For their apologies were never just based on calculation . At their core was the shared belief that a presidential apology is not a sign of weakness so much as a chance for a new beginning , a way to shed the indefensible and start fresh . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Nicolaus Mills : Romney 's hatred of apologies shows in his book 's title : "  No Apology " Mills : Romney slammed Obama "  apology " that was never made ; but he forgets history Mills : Clinton apologized for Rwanda , Reagan apologized for WWII Japanese internments Mills : Even George W. Bush said he was sorry for sniper using Quran for target practice
London  CNN  -- The tension is mounting for some of the world 's most inventive young minds as this year 's James Dyson Award reaches its climax . Judges recently chose their international shortlist of 20 inventions -- 15 of which will go forward to this year 's final and the chance to scoop the Â # 10,000  $ 15,500  first prize . The competition , which is open to students and recent graduates in participating  currently 18  countries , has attracted over 500 entries this year , says the UK company . From "  Airdrop Irrigation " -- a condensation-producing device which waters plant roots in arid areas -- to a prosthetic arm controlled by brainwaves called "  AMO Arm , " the shortlist showcases a range of novel responses to the competition brief : "  Design something that solves a problem . " Medical designs feature prominently . A massage machine which uses PVC bags and infrared heat pads aims to soothe the pain of arthritis sufferers , while the "  MediMover " helps transfer hospital patients safely from their beds to trolleys or surgical tables . Another , the "  Rabbit Ray , " explains medical procedures to children by demonstrative play . Other entries include an energy-saving flywheel from Germany which powers kitchen appliances , space-saving furniture from Japan and a design called the "  Ecoclean , " which its Spanish inventor says improves floor hygiene . British inventor James Dyson is best known for creating the bag-free vacuum cleaner and recently launched a new fan heater called the "  Dyson Hot " which uses the same blade-free technology found in his "  Air Multiplier " fan . James Dyson talks to CNN A full shortlist can be found here . The overall winner will be announced on November 8 .	International shortlist announced for the James Dyson Award Twenty inventions from 18 countries currently vying for first prize of Â # 10,000 Overall winner will be announced on November 8
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa -- South African fast bowler Dale Steyn took a career-best five for 34 as the Proteas took a tight grip on the first test against New Zealand in Johannesburg . Steyn 's career-best 5-34 was his fourth five-wicket haul in 14 tests . New Zealand were bowled out for 118 in reply to South Africa 's 226 and the home side piled on the agony by reaching 179 for two in their second innings . Hashim Amla and Jacques Kallis shared an unbeaten stand of 159 as South Africa stretched their lead to 287 . South Africa 's bowlers excelled to bring their side back into the game after their disappointing first innings . They snapped up five wickets in the morning session when the Kiwis could only muster 56 runs . Former New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming made 40 but the next best score was new cap Ross Taylor 's 15 . Fleming was struck on the right forearm by Steyn and did not field during the afternoon . Coach John Bracewell said he had gone for precautionary X-rays but there was only bruising . New Zealand , 41 for two overnight , lost nightwatchman Shane Bond , bowled by a Steyn yorker , before Makhaya Ntini claimed the crucial wicket of Fleming , who was well caught by AB de Villiers diving to his left at third slip . Scott Styris and Taylor scraped 19 runs in 10 overs before more wickets tumbled . Steyn 's figures bettered his previous best of five for 47 against the same opponents at Centurion two seasons ago . It was his fourth five-wicket haul in 14 tests . Ntini took three for 47 and Kallis two for 11 . South Africa made an uncertain start to their second innings with openers Herschelle Gibbs and captain Graeme Smith out cheaply , but Amla and Kallis blunted the attack and then took charge . They batted together for 205 minutes , Amla facing 230 balls and hitting 13 boundaries in his 85 while Kallis hit 12 fours off 122 deliveries in reaching 76 . The Kiwis were left to regret Brendon McCullum 's failure to hold a chance from Amla off Shane Bond , when the batsman had only scored two . "  The ball was hard and new and we were trying to get momentum . It cost us a lot , " said coach John Bracewell . E-mail to a friend	South Africa lead New Zealand by 287 with 8 wickets standing in the 1st test The Proteas reach 179-2 in their second innings after the Kiwis are 118 all out South African paceman Dale Steyn takes a career-best 5-34 .
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Investigators have raised the wreckage of the helicopter involved in Saturday 's deadly mid-air collision over the Hudson River , but they were still looking for the small plane involved in the crash , authorities said Sunday . Divers unload a body from their raft onto a police boat Sunday . Nine people are believed dead in the crash . New York police said they believed side-scan sonar pointed them to the wreckage of the Piper Saratoga PA-32 just north of where the helicopter went down , but Deborah Hersman , chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board , said swift current and low visibility were hindering divers . The search stopped as a storm approached Sunday evening and will resume Monday morning , police said . Nine people , including five Italian tourists , were aboard the two aircraft when they collided over the river shortly before noon Saturday . Seven bodies had been pulled out of the river by Sunday afternoon , Hersman said . Authorities believe none of the nine people aboard the two aircraft survived the crash . Neither aircraft was required to carry electronic "  black boxes " that record cockpit voices and flight data on larger planes , but electronic navigational devices on board might retain some information that could help the probe , Hersman said . Investigators are trying to establish the facts of the crash but wo n't determine the probable cause for some time , Hersman said . See where the collision occurred " "  We are looking at everything . Nothing has been ruled out at this point in time , " she said . Most of the Eurocopter AS350 had been lifted out of the Hudson on Sunday and taken to a pier in Hoboken , New Jersey , across the river from Manhattan , for examination , Hersman said . The helicopter was taking the five Italians on a 12-minute sightseeing tour around New York and had taken off from a heliport in midtown Manhattan shortly before the crash , she said . Watch crews search for victims " New York police identified the pilot of the helicopter as Jeremy Clark , 32 . He had worked for the operator , Liberty Helicopter Sightseeing Tours , for about a year and a half and had 2,700 helicopter flight hours , Hersman said . iReport.com : Were you there ? Send images His passengers were Michele Norelli , 51 ; Fabio Gallazzi , 49 ; Filippo Norelli , 16 ; Giacomo Gallazzi , 15 ; and Tiziana Pedroni , 44 , all of Bologna , Italy . The plane took off from a Philadelphia-area airfield Saturday morning , landed at New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport and was bound for Ocean City , New Jersey , with three people aboard -- the owner and pilot , Steven Altman , 60 , of Ambler , Pennsylvania ; his brother , Daniel Altman , 49 , of Dresher , Pennsylvania ; and Daniel Altman 's son Douglas , 16 . Controllers lost contact with the plane at 11:53 a.m. , when it was at an altitude of about 1,100 feet , Hersman said . View images from the scene " Hersman said the NTSB has recorded eight accidents and one "  incident " involving Liberty , but Saturday 's crash was the first to involve fatalities . Previous accidents included a 2007 case in which a helicopter crash-landed in the Hudson from a height of 500 feet , but without injuring passengers ; a 2008 incident in which one helicopter taking off clipped another on the ground ; a 2008 incident in which a pilot caused "  substantial damage " to a helicopter while landing during an instructional session . In 2001 , a Liberty pilot made an "  improper decision " to continue flying in poor weather at night , causing the helicopter to hit trees , according to the NTSB . Marcia Horowitz , a spokeswoman for the tour operator , said Liberty executives "  are cooperating fully " with investigators . "  Right now , the company is focusing its efforts on cooperating with the NTSB and giving as much information as it can , " Horowitz said . "  At this time , their priority is to help with the family of their pilot , and of course the families that were involved in the accident . " Investigators will focus on radio communications along the congested air corridor at the time of the crash and examine any pictures or video contributed by the public , Hersman told CNN earlier . Witness accounts and still photographs already provided "  good information " to investigators , she said . A witness told investigators he saw the airplane approach the helicopter from behind , and the plane 's right wing make "  contact with the helicopter , " Hersman said . The witness , another Liberty pilot who was refueling at a nearby heliport , said he tried to warn the helicopter pilot but got no response . Other witnesses reported seeing debris flying from the helicopter as it slammed into the water . Arnold Stevens , who saw the collision from the W Hotel in Hoboken , said the helicopter "  dropped like a rock , " while one of the plane 's wings was sheared off and it began "  corkscrewing " into the water , he said . The busy airspace surrounding Manhattan has been the site of several recent aeronautical accidents . Earlier this year , a US Airways plane with 155 people on board ditched into the Hudson after apparently striking birds upon takeoff from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , officials said . Capt. Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger 's landing , which resulted in no deaths or serious injuries , was captured on closed circuit television . In 2006 , Yankees pitcher Cory Lidle , 34 , and his flight instructor were killed when the ballplayer 's plane crashed into a high-rise apartment building near the East River , city officials said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Seven bodies pulled from water ; two others believed dead Search stops Sunday evening because of weather , will resume Monday Authorities investigating Saturday 's collision of helicopter , plane over Hudson River Pilot on ground says he tried to warn helicopter before accident
Washington  CNN  -- Congress will miss President Obama 's deadline to enact health care reform by the end of the year , a key Democratic senator said Tuesday . Illinois ' Dick Durbin , the second-highest ranking Democrat in the Senate , said he hopes , at best , to pass the Senate 's version of a health care bill by that time . If the Senate manages to pass a bill , a congressional conference committee would need to merge the House and Senate proposals into a consensus version requiring final approval from each chamber before moving to Obama 's desk to be signed into law . Durbin 's assessment came as former President Clinton made a rare visit to Capitol Hill to discuss the health care issue with Senate Democrats . Clinton tried but ultimately failed to pass a health care overhaul in the early 1990s . The failure is considered one of the reasons for the GOP takeover of Congress in the 1994 midterm elections . "  Whatever their differences are , I just urged them to resolve their differences and pass a bill , " Clinton said on Capitol Hill . "  I also believe , you know , people hired us to come to work in places like this to solve problems and stand up and do it . " Clinton told the senators that they had a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to push through a reform package that is crucial to the country 's long-term economic health . "  He made a strong case for getting it done this year , " said Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon . "  He is brilliant , " said Sen. Kent Conrad of North Dakota . "  He is able to penetrate through the fog of policy and politics better than any person I 've heard . " Durbin blamed the shifting timeline on a slower-than-expected cost analysis from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office on legislation being crafted under Reid 's direction . He also cited an uncertain schedule for floor debate . Durbin said he hopes debate in the full Senate will begin before Thanksgiving . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid himself has signaled uncertainty over whether the fractious Senate could meet Obama 's goal of passing a bill this year . Among the many obstacles Reid is facing is whether to include a government-run public option . The majority leader has proposed including an option that would give states until 2014 to decide whether to opt out . But several Democratic moderates -- as well as Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine , the lone Senate Republican to vote for reform -- have expressed deep reservations over the idea . Reid has little room to compromise and maneuver . He would need the support of every Senate Democrat and Connecticut independent Joe Lieberman -- an opponent of the public option -- to get the 60 votes necessary to cut off a likely GOP filibuster . Lieberman has faced a backlash from Democrats and liberal protesters over his threat to filibuster any bill that included a public option . On Tuesday , police arrested six demonstrators in Lieberman 's Capitol Hill office after a group protesting his views on health care legislation refused to leave . Lieberman was not there at the time . A group calling itself the Mobilization for Health Care for All littered the floor and hallway with symbolic "  money " and said that campaign donations to Lieberman by the insurance industry have affected his judgment of health care legislation . The group is upset that Lieberman refuses to support the public option , which they believe would reduce the number of people without health care insurance . Democrats . meanwhile , could resort to reconciliation -- a budgetary maneuver that would require only a simple majority in the 100-vote chamber -- but such a move would add complications to the legislative process and further erode what is already a poisonous political atmosphere . Democratic leaders in the House and the Senate , however , have reached agreement on a broad range of changes that could affect every American 's coverage . Among other things , they have agreed to subsidize insurance for a family of four making up to roughly $ 88,000 annually , or 400 percent of the federal poverty level . They 've also agreed to expand Medicaid and create health insurance exchanges to make it easier for small businesses , the self-employed and the unemployed to pool resources and purchase less expensive coverage . They 'd also limit total out-of-pocket expenses and prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . Insurers would also be barred from charging higher premiums based on a person 's gender or medical history . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Paul Courson , Jill Dougherty , Brianna Keilar and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Dick Durbin hopes to have Senate version of bill passed by end of year President Clinton makes Capitol Hill visit to talk about health care reform Senate majority leader has expressed doubts about passing legislation Public option remains major obstacle to reform measure
CNN  -- Seth MacFarlane : Sarah Palin expressed outrage at a Fox television program , created by MacFarlane , for joking about people with Down syndrome and making an apparent reference to her 22-month-old son , Trig , who has the genetic disorder . The former Alaska governor said on her Facebook page that she was too angry to offer a coherent response , so she had her daughter Bristol release a full statement on the family 's behalf . The Palins directed their criticism at the prime-time Fox cartoon , "  Family Guy . " In Sunday 's episode , a teenaged female character with Down syndrome told another character that "  my mom is the former governor of Alaska . " A song and dance routine by another character also used language that ridiculed people with disabilities . According to the show 's Web site , "  Family Guy " earned an Emmy nomination in 2009 for Outstanding Comedy Series , "  only the second animated series in television history to be honored with such distinction . " On the show , MacFarlane performs the voices of the father , Peter Griffin , and his 1-year-old son , Stewie , who is , the Fox Web site reports , "  a diabolically clever baby whose heterosexuality is hanging by a thread . " MacFarlane is also the voice of the intellectually superior family dog . The Web site Seth McFarlane Unlimited reports that MacFarlane began drawing cartoons at the age of 2 and is the recipient of two honorary degrees . While receiving the one from Harvard in 2006 , he delivered the Class Day Speech playing the roles of several of the characters from "  Family Guy . " He also received a degree in 2007 from his alma mater , the Rhode Island School of Design . CNN Political Ticker : Palin slams Fox 's ` Family Guy ' ` Family Guy ' : About the show Dalai Lama : The Tibetan spiritual leader is on his way to the United States for a number of speaking engagements and is scheduled to meet with President Obama on Thursday , even though China has warned that such a meeting would harm ties between it and the United States , a White House spokesman said on February 2 . "  The president told China 's leaders during his trip last year that he would meet with the Dalai Lama , and he intends to do so , " Bill Burton told reporters earlier this month . China warned that ties between two of the world 's superpowers would be strained if Obama met with the Dalai Lama . "  It will seriously undermine the foundation of Sino-U.S. political relations , " said Zhu Weiqun , a Communist Party official who is in charge of talks with representatives of the Dalai Lama . Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of advocating for Tibetan independence from China . In explaining Obama 's intention to hold the meeting , Burton said the Dalai Lama "  is an internationally respected religious and cultural leader , and the president will meet with him in that capacity . " Tibet is technically autonomous from the central Chinese government , but the Dalai Lama and others have said they favor genuine autonomy and resent the slow erosion of their culture amid an influx of Han Chinese , the most numerous ethnic group in China . Zhu said there would be no compromise on China 's control of Tibet . The 14th Dalai Lama was born in July 1935 . According to his official biography , the child named Lhamo Dhondup at that time was recognized at the age of 2 as the reincarnation of the 13th Dalai Lama . He went through years of monastic training and assumed political power in 1950 , a year after China 's invasion . The Dalai Lama ultimately fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule . He lives in exile in the north Indian town of Dharamsala . CNN : White House says Obama will meet with Dalai Lama CNN : Discord over Dalai Lama DalaiLama.com : A brief biography Jesse Sullivan : The 25-year-old from Petersburg , Illinois , has been living for two weeks at the corner of Florida and North Capitol Avenues in Washington . He 's been living there in a tent to show solidarity with Haitian families in crisis , he says , and to remind people that emergency shelter is still sorely needed for victims of the January 12 earthquake . When CNN reached him by phone in his tent Tuesday , he explained that he was recently in Washington to figure out how to work in Afghanistan , but realized that the situation in Haiti was a more pressing need . So he went to the Haitian Embassy to volunteer in any way he could . He says a minister at the embassy came up with the official-sounding title "  special assistant to the Haitian Embassy for relief and reconstruction , " which Sullivan now uses informally . When he passed a nearby statue of the Indian political and spiritual leader Mahatma Gandhi , Sullivan read the inscription , "  My Life is My Message , " and the idea of staying in the tent came to him . Sullivan , who has a master 's degree in global governance and diplomacy from The University of Oxford in England , says he plans to live in the tent for at least one month . "  If I can still be effective , I 'll stay there for a year . " The tent is pitched in the private parking lot of a pizza restaurant with the permission of its owner . Sullivan told CNN , "  The police stop by to make sure I 'm OK and not too crazy . " He says his parents are a bit concerned , yet somewhat relieved . "  My initial plan was to head to Afghanistan , but for my dad and mom , anything that 's not Afghanistan makes them pretty happy . " Next week , Sullivan plans to hold a news conference at his tent to announce his "  Live for Haiti " campaign . He said , "  It 's not about us saving Haiti . This crisis has the opportunity that Haiti is going to save us from a narrow American dream -- one that does n't recognize that we are connected to people around the world . " Live for Haiti Samuel J. Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber : Just when you think someone 's 15 minutes of fame are up , politics manages to reset the clock . Wurzelbacher , who gained notoriety during the last presidential campaign as "  Joe the Plumber , " spoke this past weekend in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , at an event on behalf of state Rep. Sam Roher , who is running for governor . Scott Detrow of Pennsylvania 's Public Radio Capitol News reports that Wurzelbacher told him that more than 200 politicians wanted his support , but he 's backed only five so far . He 's now supporting grass-roots Tea Party movements . During his speech , Wurzelbacher said he does n't support Sarah Palin any more because the former Alaska governor is backing Sen. John McCain 's re-election effort . "  John McCain is no public servant , " he told the room , calling McCain a career politician . When Detrow pointed out that without McCain , he 'd just be plain old Sam Wurzelbacher of Ohio -- Joe the Plumber would n't exist -- his response was , "  I do n't owe him s -- . He really screwed my life up , is how I look at it . " Wurzelbacher told the reporter , "  McCain was trying to use me . I happened to be the face of Middle Americans . It was a ploy . " Wurzelbacher first gained fame in 2008 when he told candidate Barack Obama that he was worried that rolling back President Bush 's tax breaks would prevent him from buying a plumbing company that would earn between $ 250,000 and $ 280,000 a year . Joe the Plumber was born . State House Sound Bites : A few minutes with Joe the Plumber Carly Simon : "  You 're so vain , you probably think this song is about you / You 're so vain , I 'll bet you think this song is about you / Do n't you ? Do n't you ? " Thirty-seven years ago , Simon 's song was No. 1 and she had just married singer-songwriter James Taylor . So everyone wanted to know : Who is the subject of the song ? Who is that vain ? All these years later , people still want to know . Simon has never revealed the answer . But at Carlysimon.com , she does list some of her former boyfriends : Mick Jagger , Cat Stevens , Warren Beatty , Kris Kristofferson . Simon has also never made a music video of the song .  For purists , Janet Jackson did sample "  You 're So Vain " in her 2001 music video , "  Son of A Gun . " Simon has just announced a contest on the Web site , inviting fans and filmmakers to create a music video , using the original or new version of her song . She will screen all entries herself , select a winner , and meet the filmmaker -- whose winning entry will also be premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival . Simon says she has always been amazed by the attention given to the mystery person in the song . In 2004 , she gave hints to CNN : "  Well , I guess for those who are interested in clues -- the name of the person it was about had an E in it . " That could indicate Jagger , Beatty or James Taylor . She continued , "  Maybe I could disclose another letter . OK , it also has an A. " In announcing the music video contest , Simon does not indicate that she will ever reveal the name . CarlySimon.com What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Sarah Palin reacts to ` Family Guy ' creator for jokes about Down syndrome President Obama to meet with Dalai Lama despite protests from China Carly Simon hosts music video contest , but does n't reveal who is "  so vain "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  At any moment , Saudi troops could march through Yemen , heating up an already intense conflict that could have ramifications across the Middle East . On Monday , a Saudi-led coalition of nine countries continued airstrikes against Shiite Houthi rebels , who have captured key parts of Yemen and ousted that country 's President , and who could spread Iran 's influence in the region . And the notion of an Iranian proxy power in Yemen is unacceptable to many -- especially Iran 's staunch rival Saudi Arabia . ` Tricky issues ' remain in nuclear talks with Iran "  I think the Saudis ... feel directly , physically threatened by what is happening , " said Richard Haass , president of the Council on Foreign Relations . But if the coalition takes the fight to the ground in Yemen , the consequences could be severe . Houthis are battle-hardened guerrilla fighters and could cross into Saudi Arabia . They 've already threatened suicide bomb attacks inside Saudi Arabia . And Yemen , already the home base to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , now teeters on the brink of becoming a failed state and an even more fertile breeding ground for extremism . Here 's the latest on the crisis in Yemen and its impact around the world : Saudi-led airstrikes targeted Houthi military posts and weapons depots in the capital city of Sanaa on Monday , two Houthi commanders told CNN . Yemen 's Defense Ministry said a Saudi airstrike hit Al-Mazeraq refugee camp in Haradh , near the Saudi border , killing at least 40 internally displaced people and injuring 250 . The group Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  tweeted that one of its teams had received "  30 wounded plus 15 dead bodies following airstrike on IDP camp today . " Previously , airstrikes hit Houthi militant groups , smashed their air defense guns and crumbled key infrastructure , a Saudi official has said . Egyptian warships fired on the road that runs from the Yemeni port town of Zinjibar into the key coastal city of Aden but did not fire on Aden directly , according to an official with Yemen 's Southern Movement . The road is the eastern approach to Aden and is one of the three main roads into the city . The Egyptian naval barrage is intended to block the Houthi advance on Aden and push those fighters back , the source said . Egyptian warships had deployed to the Bab al-Mandab strait last Friday , according to media reports , intent on protecting that passage that is the only access from the Arabian Sea to Egypt 's Suez Canal . The coalition 's campaign has been dubbed Operation al-Hazm Storm . The Arabic term "  al-Hazm " can be translated as "  determinant " or "  decisive . " Saudi Arabia and Egypt have both talked about the possibility of putting boots on the ground . On Saturday , Yemeni Foreign Minister Riyadh Yaseen said he expected coalition troops to be in Yemen within days . Saudi leaders have said that if troops do go in , they wo n't leave until they have degraded the Houthis ' ability to fight . The Houthis are apt guerrillas . A fight on the ground could prove bloody and lengthy . The conflict splits the region along religious lines . Operation Decisive Storm 's largely Sunni coalition includes Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Kuwait , Bahrain , Qatar , Jordan , Morocco , Egypt and Sudan . On Monday , Pakistan 's government said Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had chaired "  a high-level meeting " of senior officials to review the situation in the Middle East . "  The meeting concluded that Pakistan remains firmly committed to supporting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Saudi Arabia in accordance with the aspirations of the people of Pakistan , " it said in a statement . "  It was emphasized that Pakistan stands committed to playing a meaningful role in arresting the deteriorating situation in the Middle East . In the same context , and to facilitate early resolution of the crisis and to promote peace and unity of the Muslim Ummah  community  , the Prime Minister would be contacting the leadership of brotherly countries , " the statement continued . The Shiite Houthis are allied with Iran , a majority Shiite nation . Saudi Arabia has accused Iran of boosting the Houthis ' weaponry for their offensive . Iran has sharply denounced the Saudi-dominated intervention in Yemen . On Sunday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused Iran of trying to use the conflict in Yemen to "  take over the whole Middle East . " The United States has supported the coalition 's efforts . While it is helping the Saudi-led team with logistics and locating targets , the U.S. is not participating in active battle . Dozens have died in the airstrikes , Houthi commanders said . The rebel commanders also said the coalition struck the Houthi-controlled Al Anad air base , which was used as the headquarters for U.S. counterterrorism operations before Houthi rebels took control of it . The Houthis claimed they shot down a Sudanese jet and captured the pilot on Saturday . They distributed photos of a pilot and wreckage to back up the claim . The Yemeni crisis erupted when Shiite Houthi rebels , who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country , began seizing the capital and other parts of the country last fall . Houthis moved into Sanaa in September , sparking battles that killed hundreds of people . Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi fled the capital over a month ago . In January , Houthis surrounded the presidential palace . Hadi resigned and was put under house arrest . He escaped in February and went to the coastal city of Aden , but declared he was still the country 's leader . Last week , Hadi went to Sharm el-Sheikh , Egypt , to attend the Arab League summit , where he is rallying support for Operation Decisive Storm . Even from afar , Hadi had strong words for the Houthis : "  You violated the sovereignty  of Yemen  , " he said , "  and you bear the responsibility for what happened and what is going to happen . " That Arab League summit produced a notable agreement : the Sharm el-Sheikh Declaration , which paves the way for a united Arab force that would be ready to fight insurgents if a member country came under attack . Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi actually called for a joint Arab force last month to fight ISIS . But the agreement over the weekend carries extra significance amid the battle against Houthis in Yemen . Egypt : It 's time for an Arab coalition against ISIS The logistics and details of the joint Arab force have yet to be worked out . But the declaration also urges the Houthis to immediately withdraw from Yemen 's government institutions and to surrender their arms to "  legitimate authorities . " Many U.N. representatives have had to flee the chaos . And Saudi naval special forces have rescued dozens of diplomats , a Saudi official said . The conflict in Yemen also led to the withdrawal of U.S. special forces earlier this month , seriously undermining counterterrorism efforts in a country that has been a stronghold for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Haass , of the Council on Foreign Relations , said what 's happening in Yemen could devolve into a long , protracted religious war . "  You have civil wars , you have proxy wars . You have regional wars all in one , " he said . "  And these things have so many logs on the fire , to use the metaphor , that they ... burn and burn and burn for a long time . " Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa ; CNN 's Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , Anas Hamdan , Tim Lister and Ian Lee contributed to this report .	Saudi airstrikes kill 40 at refugee camp , Yemen 's Defense Ministry says Egyptian warships shell road leading to key port city , said official with Yemen 's Southern Movement Yemen 's foreign minister says he expects coalition ground troops to arrive within days
While President Obama has reignited a national conversation over rising college costs with his new proposals , those suggestions are unlikely to dramatically lower costs soon . And the president has not given many specific suggestions how to cut these costs that have been rising dramatically faster than people 's income . Tuition fees are roughly double the share of income then they were in the 1960s . Let me offer five suggestions on how to lower post-secondary educational costs . This list is not comprehensive , but full implementation of even some of them could reduce the burden that colleges impose on students , parents and taxpayers . First , adopt the three-year bachelor 's degree as in Europe . Students at prestigious schools like Oxford and Cambridge receive their degrees in three years , and they still get first-class jobs . Diminishing returns sets into collegiate study like anything else , and much of the material in the last two years of college is of marginal importance , with the possible exception of some demanding majors such as engineering and architecture . The feds could simply say undergraduate student eligibility for financial assistance ends after 90 semester hours of study . This approach should reduce the cost of a B.A. degree by something on the order of 25 % . A less cost-saving variant of the three-year plan would keep the degree at its traditional 120 semester hour length , but have students go to school year-round for three years . We really do n't need the summer off to plant crops as people did hundreds of years ago . Facilities would get greater utilization , lowering capital costs . College graduates would gain an extra year working full-time . Faculty usually will teach additional courses for far less than the average pay per course taught regularly . Maintenance costs of facilities per student would also fall . Second , make it possible for students to use MOOCs  massively open online courses  and other low-cost , online options , allowing for lower cost "  blended " degrees combining perhaps two years of traditional classroom experience with an equal amount of online training . This would cut the cost of quality degrees perhaps 40 % . Without any governmental involvement , teachers and entrepreneurs have brought hundreds of high-quality but free or low-cost courses to the internet -- Udacity , Coursera , EdX , StraighterLine , Saylor Foundation , Khan Academy and Twenty Million Minds Foundation are examples of a few providers or facilitators of quality instruction . Yet students seldom get credit for these courses . The barriers are not technological , but legal or involve overcoming special interest obstruction . Students need to be examined on the online material , with safeguards assuring the registered student is actually being tested . Obstacles to accrediting these innovative approaches need to be overcome . The federal government , which accredits the accreditation agencies , could tell these agencies they must allow accredited schools to accept as much as 60 % of coursework from MOOC or related providers . The federal government ca n't deliver the mail or run a national medical care system efficiently , so they should not be the prime mover here . Where is the Gates Foundation or Warren Buffet when we need them ? Third , offer a traditional residential degree for 40 % less by dramatically reducing labor and capital costs . The typical university employs twice as many "  professional non-instructional personnel "  administrators  per 100 students as it did 40 years ago . Why not create new universities with staffing near the 1970 norms -- a university without sustainability and diversity coordinators or an army of public relations specialists , where faculty teach extensively rather than do trivial research that no one reads , and where there are no expensive intercollegiate athletic programs for the amusement of non-students . Specifically , ask the faculty to teach four classes per semester instead of two or three . Build few buildings but utilize them extensively , including on Fridays , weekends and summer months . Have a least two faculty members for each administrator  the ratio now is often one to one  . Prohibit faculty from teaching trivial courses in their specialty . Do we really need courses on "  Lady Gaga and the Sociology of Fame " taught to students who are clueless about Beethoven , Shakespeare and van Gogh ? Limit the pay of all employees to no more than that of the president of the United States or less . Could existing universities do this ? They have n't , so state governments might have to create new institutions from the ground up . Fourth , create a National College Equivalence Test similar to the high school GED . A good national test of basic reading , writing , mathematical and general knowledge about our institutions and society could be administered by , say , the Scholastic Testing Service , or ACT . High scores on the test would lead to a "  college equivalence certificate . " Most students want a diploma as a ticket to a good job . Employers could use scores on the equivalency test as an alternative certification device , and individuals could take the test anytime -- even home schooled kids with little formal education . Fifth , get the federal government out of the student financial aid business . There is good evidence the 11.7 % annual growth in federal student financial aid over the past decade  and similar growth earlier  has encouraged colleges to raise tuition fees and finance a costly academic arms race . Lower income Americans are a smaller proportion of recent college graduates than in 1970 , before Pell Grants began . If we implement the first four reforms , the need for student financial assistance will dramatically decline . The current system breeds high dropout rates , rewards poor performance  students lingering in school get more aid than those graduating promptly  and encourages kids to enter college who would be better off entering trade schools or apprentice programs . Ending these inefficient federal programs would save tens of billions annually . In short , there are lots of thing we can do to make colleges more affordable beyond the president 's idea of providing good consumer information by rating colleges .	President Obama is proposing steps to reduce costs of college Richard Vedder says more useful steps would include shortening college to three years He says the number of administrators has grown too much , other costs could be cut Vedder : Year-round schooling and online teaching would do much to reduce tuition
CNN  -- Doug Kirchoff does n't think chance explains why a bottle full of messages washed up on the shore of Horn Island , Mississippi . Kirchoff , the supervisor of a crew doing cleanup after the BP oil spill , was astonished by the content of the four letters found inside the bottle last month . "  What we found was it was about a soldier that lost his life in the Afghanistan war and his family had written him a series of letters kind of sharing their thoughts and emotions , " Kirchoff said Thursday . In them , family members wrote letters to their beloved son and brother , Pvt. James Prosser , 21 , a Welsh soldier who was killed in September 2009 . "  Each person when we unwound the letters , started opening one letter at a time and reading one letter at a time , " Kirchoff said . "  As we found out after about two letters the whole occasion turned real somber and we were kind of taken aback and were like , ` Wow ! This is a little more than we anticipated at first . ' " In January , Prosser 's mother , Sarah Adams , her son , her daughter and the latter 's boyfriend dropped the bottle in the Atlantic Ocean at Barbados , 1,300 miles from the Mississippi coast , Adams said . It was a bottle of sambuca , his favorite , she said , and each of them sipped sambuca themselves in Prosser 's honor when the bottle was launched . Kirchoff said finding the bottle was like something out of a Hollywood movie . He and the cleanup crew managed to find the family through the internet and contacted them , according to news reports . They also signed a T-shirt and sent it to Adams , Kirchoff said . He sees a parallel between Prosser 's death and the oil spill disaster . "  It seems too good to be true . Both of us fighting different tragedies , " Kirchoff said . "  One in war and us fighting the battle with the oil spill . It just seems like it was just meant to be . " "  It does feel like ... our crew was destined to find this bottle . " Prosser 's mother agrees . She told CNN 's Kyra Phillips on Friday : "  I think the bottle took the journey it was meant to make . Somehow it was meant to turn up there , and with those guys . " Sarah Adams said she and her family had all but forgotten about the bottle they dropped in the ocean when they were on vacation . She said it was more about honoring Prosser , not about someone finding the bottle . Adams related part of its contents : "  I am and always will be so proud of you , James . Not only because you were a soldier , but more so because of the wonderful , honorable young man you were . ... Your gorgeous smile will stay with me always . " She hopes that someday she will be able to see the place where the bottle washed ashore . In the meantime , she said , she is asking that the workers who found it seal it and keep it . CNN 's Jonathan Wald and journalist Christopher Turner contributed to this report .	Gulf oil cleanup crew finds four letters in a bottle The letters were written by relatives of a Welsh soldier slain in Afghanistan They put the bottle in the Atlantic Ocean at Barbados
CNN  -- A man in Connecticut walks into an outpatient clinic for his daughter to receive an electrocardiogram and sonogram . He later receives a bill for a "  facility fee " of $ 5,000 that his insurance will not cover . A new resident in California looks for a primary care doctor but must wait 3 weeks for an appointment to get refills on medication . A 25-week pregnant woman who works two part-time minimum wage jobs can not afford the $ 50 co-pay for regular visits or the $ 200 in prenatal vitamins her doctor recommends . When her labor begins , she goes to the emergency room where her baby is delivered . Do any of these stories sound familiar ? Probably . The United States health care system ranks dead last among 11 peer nations for overall quality and costs . According to Commonwealth Fund 's latest findings , we have the least efficient , least fair and worst health outcomes among the nations surveyed . Americans have the highest death rate , the highest infant death rate and worst health at age 60 . Yet Americans pay more than double what people in these other nations pay . It sounds bad , and it is . Let 's try to look at it another way . Imagine you and someone from the town nearby are each going out for dinner . You have to go to restaurant A. There , you can only be seated if you have paid a membership fee . You receive a menu with no prices or descriptions of the meal and are served food you did n't expect and that is barely warm . But the decor is nice and the restaurant has fun commercials on television . Your neighbor has to go to restaurant B. There , the menu items are described clearly . He can see the prices , and the food that arrives at the table looks like what he ordered . The decor is n't much to write home about , and there are n't any commercials . When restaurant A is all you know , then , well , it is what 's for dinner . But when you learn about restaurant B -- and how your neighbor pays less for more -- suddenly that cold meatloaf from restaurant A does n't cut it . No one would tolerate such a terrible dining experience at restaurant A , especially not when a perfectly good meal is to be had across town at restaurant B . In the United States , our experience as health care consumers is a lot like dining at restaurant A -- a business that under normal market conditions would likely be closed within a week . The membership fee required for entry is your paid insurance premium . The menu with no prices is your treatment plan . Health care services are offered and rendered by providers without any real discussion of cost either to the health care facility or the customer . You agree -- because you need the medical care , and when the bill arrives later you learn it costs far more than you expected , even if you used insurance . Sadly , the U.S. health care system has been consistently low in ratings . Commonwealth Fund ranked the United States last in 2010 , 2007 , 2006 and 2004 . And consumers know how bad things are . The 2013 Health and Workplace Benefits survey found that 55 % of Americans rank U.S. health care as either "  poor " or "  fair . " What should surprise all of us is our willingness to tolerate such a broken industry . We do not usually buy products or use services for the lowest quality for double the price . Unless , of course , there is a reason . Some would argue that health care is a service that is unlike any other in our economy . We purchase health care often unwillingly , or at times of great stress and medical concern . There is a huge gap in knowledge and power between doctors and nurses and patients . There is an almost total lack of transparency about cost , quality and outcomes among various insurance providers for different kinds of procedures or between health care facilities . And to add insult to injury , there is no restaurant B at which we can dine . Unless we move to Switzerland . Previously , the United States differs the most from peer countries for its absence of universal health insurance coverage . Now that the Affordable Care Act requires everyone in the United States to purchase health insurance , will our problems be solved ? Hardly . The Affordable Care Act has made the United States a little more like Germany and Switzerland , but requiring citizens to purchase health insurance will not be the silver bullet for our health care woes . France and Canada have universal health insurance coverage and still rank 9th and 10th . What we must do is demystify the process of buying health care in the United States . Clear and accurate quality standards , price transparency , and more easily accessible outcome information are essential to allow consumers to make better choices . The Healthcare Blue Book and the Leapfrog Group 's Hospital Safety Score are great examples , but we need more things like that . The United States can learn from what other countries have done right . Our government , hospitals , doctors , insurance companies and consumers can change our abysmal health care system if we put our mind to it . Because no one wants to eat an overpriced meal at a bad restaurant night after night , year after year .	Recent report shows U.S. health care system ranks last among peer nations Summer McGee : We have least efficient , most expensive system in world She says what 's surprising is our willingness to tolerate such a broken industry McGee : Clear quality standards , price transparency are essential to improvement
Tokyo  CNN  -- The Japanese government has affirmed that $ 29 million from its budget for post-earthquake and tsunami reconstruction is going toward extra security measures for the country 's whaling fleet , angering environmental activists like Greenpeace . The whaling industry is "  siphoning money away from the victims of the March 11 triple disaster , at a time when they need it most , " Junichi Sato , executive director of Greenpeace Japan , said this week , referring to the earthquake , tsunami and nuclear crisis that struck Japan in March . But Tatsuya Nakaoku , an official from the Japanese Fisheries Agency , said Thursday he funds would help "  support the reconstruction of a whaling town and nearby area , " which was devastated by the natural disasters . "  Many people in the area eat whale meat , " he said . "  They are waiting for Japan 's commercial whaling to resume and it is their hope for recovery . " The government had said earlier this year , after it passed the tsunami reconstruction budget , that it would strengthen "  measures against acts of sabotage by anti-whaling groups , " Nakaoku said . The government earmarked a total of 498.9 billion yen  $ 6.4 billion  of the reconstruction budget for spending on fisheries . Of that , 2.28 billion yen has been put into extra security measures for the whaling fleet , which left port for its annual hunt Tuesday . Japan 's whale hunts are conducted by the Institute of Cetacean Research , a nonprofit research organization overseen by Japan 's Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries . An official from the Japanese Coast Guard said the deployment of guards this year to protect the fleet from obstruction by anti-whaling activists was the largest yet , but declined to give exact numbers . The Coast Guard had previously provided protection to the fleet for its 2007-08 and 2010-11 hunts . Last season 's whale hunt in the Southern Ocean was cut short when anti-whaling activists from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society blocked strikes on the animals . Sea Shepherd said its actions saved 800 whales , and the organization has promised to be back in force this season . Japan has faced international pressure to curtail its whaling activities . In 2010 , Australia initiated proceedings in the International Court of Justice to stop Japanese whaling . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Greenpeace says money is being "  siphoned away " from the disaster victims The government says the funds help support the recovery of a devastated whaling town Officials : The deployment of guards with this year 's whaling fleet is the largest yet
CNN  -- The violent cycle of retribution and retaliation only seems to be worsening . As militants fire volleys of rockets from Gaza , Israel is responding with waves of airstrikes . As Hamas vows to make its enemy pay the price , Israel is calling up hundreds of recruits and strengthening its positions around Gaza . Tensions between Palestinians and Israelis have always simmered in plain view , erupting periodically into deadly spasms . Could it be happening again ? "  I do not want to over-dramatize , but the last few hours may have been , God forbid , the tipping point , " Ari Shavit , a prominent Israeli author and journalist , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday night . "  What we see is different sides who do not want escalation ... they are dragged into something that is becoming very violent , very dangerous . " Israel prepared to expand operation against Hamas in Gaza ` The blood is up ' Long-standing resentments have boiled over in recent weeks following the kidnapping of three Israeli teenagers in the West Bank , which Israel blamed on Hamas . The militant group praised the abductions but denied responsibility . Israel responded by cracking down on Hamas operations in the West Bank , arresting hundreds of activists and conducting widespread searches of homes . When the three teenagers ' bodies were found last week in a field in the West Bank , anger erupted in Israel . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed that Hamas would pay . The mood darkened further when a Palestinian teenager was abducted and killed in Jerusalem in what police say could be a revenge killing . The news sparked clashes between protesting Palestinian youths and Israeli security forces in Jerusalem . Throughout that grim week , Israel and Hamas continued to trade fire across the Gaza border . "  You have got politics . The blood is up . You have got retaliation , " said Aaron David Miller , a Middle East expert at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . ` Clouds are getting dark ' The region has many depressing precedents when it comes to violence . In recent decades , Palestinians launched two armed uprisings against Israel , known as Intifadas , that each went on for years . In late 2008 and early 2009 , Israel carried out airstrikes and then a ground offensive against Hamas in Gaza that killed hundreds of Palestinians . In November 2012 , the two sides fought a bloody eight-day conflict that ended in a cease-fire . The region appears to be careering toward another confrontation . "  It 's difficult to see how this stops . At what point does one of the sides say , ` You know what ? Let 's have a moment where we make a preemptive concession , we do some kind of peace talks , ' " said CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . "  That 's not in the cards right now . " The Israeli military is nonetheless gathering its forces near the border with Gaza . "  They are talking about an escalation , " said CNN 's Ben Wedeman . "  Perhaps not on the scale of November 2012 or the war at the end of 2008 , beginning of 2009 , but definitely there 's a feeling that the clouds are getting dark over Gaza and things could get much worse . " On Tuesday , Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said the security operation against Hamas "  will probably not end within several days . " And the Israeli military was gathering its forces near the border with Gaza . "  They are talking about an escalation , " said CNN 's Ben Wedeman . "  Perhaps not on the scale of November 2012 or the war at the end of 2008 , beginning of 2009 , but definitely there 's a feeling that the clouds are getting dark over Gaza and things could get much worse . " ' I still think no ' There are reasons why violence may not engulf the whole region . Although clashes flared in some areas of Jerusalem after the killing of the Palestinian teenager last week , the unrest does n't so far appear to be spreading . The Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz reported that "  many East Jerusalem officials expect the turmoil to die down . " It noted that West Bank cities have not joined the violent protests . "  Are we on the tipping point of a third Intifada ? A major sustained escalation ? " Miller asked in a conversation with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  I still think no . " Palestinian people are "  far more interested in social-economic issues , " Miller said . "  They know the pain and suffering caused by the second Intifada that achieved very little . And even Hamas , I suspect , weakened by the fact that they do n't have much support from Egypt or Turkey , bad governance , economic mismanagement in Gaza , I 'm not sure they are prepared for sustained battle either . " ` No angels here ' Shavit said that since the collapse of U.S.-sponsored peace talks earlier this year , Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas have failed to halt the descent into crisis . "  What we see in recent months is that the extremists on both sides are taking the agenda and are actually cornering these two leaders and actually dragging us into conflict , " he said . He faulted Netanyahu for failing to control hardliners in his government and not acting in time against violent Jewish nationalists . But Shavit also criticized Abbas for agreeing to a pact with Hamas after years of divisions between the two factions . "  There are no angels here , " Shavit said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry also has to face tough questions about the unraveling situation . "  Some of us here warned a few months ago ... that the moment you try to have peace in this land , the way Secretary Kerry did in a courageous way , you can not step back , " Shavit said . "  And from the moment that negotiations collapsed in late March , this illusion that you can go back to Washington , deal with China and Ukraine and ignore the Middle East , was a dangerous illusion . " Role for U.S. ? Now , it appears tricky for the United States to play a role in calming the situation . "  I 'm not sure , frankly , that the Secretary of State wants or should put himself in a situation right now of trying to negotiate a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas , " Miller said . The U.S. government lists Hamas as a terrorist organization . During the 2012 conflict in Gaza , Egypt brokered the cease-fire . But that was under Islamist-backed former President Mohamed Morsy , who has since been ousted and replaced by the country 's former military chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi . The new Egyptian president has "  very poor " relations with Hamas , according to Zakaria . And in the current climate , "  I do n't think an outside mediator is going to help , " he said . Even Hamas has been losing support to more radical elements in recent years , Zakaria said , which has put the movement under pressure to act . "  On both sides , there is an internal compulsion , an internal dynamic which is pushing them to a confrontation that maybe they do n't rationally want , " he said . And those who will pay the price for the unwanted conflict are likely to be the civilians of Gaza and southern Israel .	"  The blood is up . You have got retaliation , " a Middle East expert warns Analysts say the escalating conflict between Israel and Hamas appears set to continue But a broader Palestinian uprising against Israel seems less likely Both sides are sinking into a confrontation they do n't necessarily want , analysts say
CNN  -- If you bet on the princess , you win . Monaco 's Princess Gabriella Therese Marie was born at 5:04 p.m.  11:04 a.m. ET  Wednesday , beating her brother Jacques Honore Rainier into the waking world by two minutes , the royal family announced on Facebook . The twins are the first children born to Charlene Wittstock , the former South African Olympic swimmer who married Prince Albert II in 2011 . Their birth took place at the Princess Grace Hospital Monaco , named after Albert 's mother -- and late legendary Hollywood actress -- Grace Kelly . "  The Princess and the children are doing well , " the royal family said . Prince Albert had n't been married before , but he did have two children born out of wedlock in 1992 and 2003 . Yet it 's the twins born to Wittstock who will get first crack at the throne , because Monaco law dictates that "  succession passes , upon death or abdication , to the direct legitimate  descendant  of the previous prince . " And in this case , it would be Albert 's son Jacques , even though he arrived after his sister . While Gabriella will be the "  second child in the line of succession , " according to the royal family , Jacques "  is the Crown Prince " and receives the title of Marquis of Baux  in Provence  . Princess Gabriella is now known as the Countess of Carlades  in Auvergne  .	Princess Gabriella is born at Princess Grace Hospital , 2 minutes before her brother But Prince Jacques is next in line for the throne , under Monaco law The twins are the first children born to Prince Albert II and his wife Charlene
Byblos , Lebanon  CNN  -- The ancient town of Byblos has long been a draw for visitors to Lebanon 's picturesque west coast . Home to a fascinating history , it is believed to have been the first Phoenician city and can be dated as far back as 7000 BC . But these days Byblyos  or Jbeil as it is more commonly known in Arabic  dances to a very different tune . Every summer a 600 strong production crew comes together to put on the Byblos International Festival  BIF  , transforming the Mediterranean town into an unlikely haven for music lovers . This year 's event witnessed a record number of artists on stage in one night -- a testament to how popular and ambitious the event has become . "  Lebanon and this particular venue , for those who have experienced it , has a particular aura , " said Naji Baz , the festivals producer and artistic director since 2003 . For Baz , the festival is a full time job , which he and his core team spend all year working on without pay . It 's this passion and commitment that has allowed them to convince international stars like the Gorrillaz , Patti Smith , Snow Patrol and Lana Del Rey to perform at Byblos . "  Artists do talk to each other , so each one who came here over the past 13 years has become our best ambassador . " Artistic roots BIF first began in the 1960s and ran periodically through the next four decades before becoming an annual fixture since 2003 . The spectacular setting backlit by a 12th-century castle has become the event 's defining feature . But putting on the show does n't come without its challenges . "  We 're in the site that 's 2,500 years old so each time you need to use a hammer , you have to get proper written authorization from the Ministry of Tourism and stuff because it 's very much a protected site , " Baz said . Ancient artifacts are n't the only obstacles . Putting world-renowned artists on show is an expensive business . Baz describes how this year 's festival will cost between $ 4 million and $ 4.5 million . Sponsors and public funds take care of $ 1.5 million worth of this cost meaning the extra $ 3 million must be met ticket sales . Just to break even on expenses , therefore , the event has to sell 40,000 tickets . Whereas most other festivals rely on ticket sales for a third of their income , in Byblos they make up 75 % of revenues . Regional unrest Then there 's the difficulty of bringing international musicians and fans to a country that has experienced its fair share of turmoil in recent years . Visitor numbers have been dipping since the war in neighboring Syria began three years ago . "  We 're relying almost solely on locals  for ticket sales  , " Baz explained . 2014 headline act Marcel Khalife , a Lebanese singer and composer , led an ensemble of 160 musicians . He spoke of the concerns of his fellow artists on visiting and performing in his country . "  I always play with large orchestras around the world , " Khalife said . "  However , here in Lebanon in these difficult situations to be able to carry out this sort of work is not easy . "  People come warily because maybe something will happen , an explosion , so it was difficult . " Fortunately for Baz and Khalife , this year 's event has been a success despite all of the difficulties entailed with staging such a sizable event in this part of the world . "  We 're achieving our quantitative goals year after year because Lebanon has got a strong middle class and a strong need for cultural events , " Baz said But after all the drama and the stress of ensuring everything goes off without a hitch , there is now another pressing concern for the indefatigable organizers . How to begin preparing for next year .	Byblos International Festival attracts music lovers from across the world World famous acts like Gorillaz and Snow Patrol have played the event over the years Instability in Lebanon and the wider region has caused headaches for the organizers
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Zsa Zsa Gabor 's recovery from hip replacement surgery last month has been slower than predicted , but her daughter disputed a report that the actress "  suffered a setback " Saturday . "  She is no different than she was from yesterday or the day before , " Francesca Hilton , who was at her mother 's hospital bedside , said Saturday . She was awake watching TV and eating , Hilton said . Gabor 's husband , meanwhile , told CNN that she "  went into shock " Saturday morning , delaying her release from Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center that had been planned for this weekend . The 93-year-old actress is now expected to go to her Bel Air , California , home Monday , Prince Frederic Von Anhalt said . Von Anhalt said Hilton would not know of her mother 's condition because he has told doctors not to talk to her . The stepfather and stepdaughter have had a cold relationship in recent years that included a legal fight over a mortgage on Gabor 's Bel Air mansion . The German prince , 67 , married Gabor 24 years ago . Francesca Hilton , 64 , is Gabor 's only child , the product of her second marriage to hotel magnate Conrad Hilton . Gabor , who suffered a broken hip in a fall from her bed July 17 , underwent surgery July 19 . Von Anhalt initially predicted she would leave the hospital just a few days after the surgery . Gabor 's fall happened as she reached to answer the phone while watching the television game show "  Jeopardy , " which is "  a must-see show " for the actress , her husband said . Gabor has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , he said . The crash occurred when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her other husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge ; " "  The Story of Three Loves , " 1953 ; "  The Girl in the Kremlin , " 1957 ; and Orson Welles ' classic "  Touch of Evil , " 1958 . In 1989 , Gabor was sentenced to 72 hours in jail for slapping a Beverly Hills police officer after a traffic stop . She also had to perform community service at a battered women 's shelter . The other Gabor sisters were Magda , the oldest , who died in 1997 five days shy of 83 , and Eva , the youngest , who died in 1995 at 76 . Magda , an occasional stage actress , also was married to Sanders at one time . Eva is probably best remembered for her role as a socialite turned farmer 's wife on the 1960s TV sitcom "  Green Acres . "	Gabor 's daughter says her mom is eating and watching TV The actress ' husband says a setback delayed her release Saturday Gabor is now expected to go home Monday The 93-year-old actress suffered a broken hip in July
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Twelve jurors must decide whether the marriage of a Mexican soap opera actress to a California pizza delivery man was a fact built on love or fiction designed to fool immigration agents . The question is apparently not easy for jurors who told the judge late Wednesday that they needed to return for more deliberations Thursday . Their answer could send the couple to prison . Jurors can compare the tearful testimony of the actress proclaiming love for her husband to evidence that she engaged in a romance with a photographer less than a year after her wedding . The prosecutor argued Fernanda Romero paid Kent Ross $ 5,000 to be her husband in June , 2005 so she could get a U.S. work visa . "  Why would anybody have to be paid to marry her ? " asked defense lawyer Michael Nasitir , pointing to the beautiful actress-singer-model . Romero and Ross were both 23 when they had a Los Angeles wedding . Only the bride 's mother and a handful of others attended , but Romero said a larger wedding was impossible because he is a Mormon and she 's a devout Catholic . There was no honeymoon , which Special Assistant U.S. Attorney James Left argued was evidence of a sham marriage . "  You 'd figure they could go somewhere , Palm Springs , San Diego , " Left said during closing arguments Wednesday . They did have pictures together , which the prosecution suggested were staged to show immigration officials who would decide on her green card . When immigration agents conducted a surprise "  bed check " at Romero 's Los Angeles apartment in October , 2007 , they found her , but not him . They found Ross at a Hollywood apartment , they testified . Romero testified that she really loved Ross when they got married and she intended to build a life with him . The first months were "  very loving , fun , " she said . "  We socialized together , passionate . It was the honeymoon stage . " But his drinking and late-night cavorting split them just seven months after their wedding , she said . "  We started to fight a lot , sweat a lot , throw things . It was not healthy . " Her defense lawyer argued jurors only have to conclude that the marriage was real when it began . "  There are all kinds of marriages , " Nasitir said . "  No one else knows if people are in love . " The case is unusual because marriage fraud charges are usually litigated by immigration authorities rather than prosecuted as criminal cases . U.S. District Judge Manuel Real blocked the defense from using much of the evidence they said would show it was only investigated because Romero was turned in by a vengeful photographer angry that she rebuffed his romantic advances . She met Markus Klinko at a Hollywood casting call about the same time her marriage was "  on the rocks , " she said . Klinko , a 49-year-old Swiss native , is the star of his own reality TV show , Bravo 's "  Double Exposure . " Romero said the relationship initially was "  professional and creative , " but she eventually engaged in a "  short affair " with Klinko as he helped with her modeling career . "  I felt very pressured and I was vulnerable , " Romero said as she cried . "  It was the biggest mistake I 've done in my life . " Her friendship with Klinko turned into a nightmare when she decided to end the affair , she said . "  Mr. Klinko wanted more and more and he knew I was n't able to give it to him , " she said . Klinko threatened to turn her in to immigration officials , she said . "  He was losing it , he was very psycho , " Romero said . "  I was very scared , because he would n't stop . " The federal complaint against Romero said the immigration investigation began after agents were given evidence gathered by a private detective hired by Klinko . When Klinko testified for the prosecution last week he said it was "  completely incorrect " that his motivation was to get Romero deported . Instead , the investigator was gathering evidence to be used in a lawsuit against Michael Ball , the founder and owner of the Rock & Republic fashion company , Klinko said . The criminal complaint named Ball as a target of the federal investigation , alleging that he helped arrange the sham marriage while Romero was modeling for his company . Klinko said his lawyer turned the evidence over to the government only because he feared Klinko might be extorted by Ball . "  My case has never been against Fernanda , " Klinko said after his testimony . "  I wish her the best . " They could get between 15 and 21 months in prison if convicted , though such cases usually produce shorter sentences , according to the prosecutor . Romero 's show business career began in Mexico at age 16 when she joined the ensemble Frizzby , her Internet Movie Database biography says . The group toured Mexico and Central America , releasing two top-10 singles , it says . She started hosting television shows and appearing on commercials in Mexico when she was 18 , it says . Romero has appeared in print and TV ad campaigns for Rock and Republic , Clean and Clear , Pepsi , Apple and JCPenney , it says . "  She was cast in Telemundo 's original production ` Wounded Soul , ' where she was not only a lead actress , but also a lead singer , performing two songs in the soap opera 's soundtrack , " her online biography says .	Jurors told the judge Wednesday they needed more time to decide Fernanda Romero is a Mexican actress who also models The actress allegedly paid a California man $ 5,000 to marry her
CNN  -- AT&T is joining the expanding field of home security and automation , introducing a wireless service that will let homeowners use their mobile devices to remotely set alarms , turn on lights or even shut off water . Called AT&T Digital Life , the service will connect users with a vast array of domestic devices and appliances , including cameras , door locks , smoke and carbon monoxide detectors and thermostats . It will run on AT&T 's IP-based wireless platform and can be accessed via smartphones , tablets or PCs . And despite being from AT&T , it will work regardless of the user 's wireless carrier . The company plans to begin trials of the service in Atlanta and Dallas this summer . "  AT&T Digital Life will change the way people live , work and play -- and meets a clear need in the market , " said Kevin Petersen , senior vice president of Digital Life for AT&T Mobility . "  The service is smart , simple and customer-centric -- freeing homeowners to do the things they want to do without compromising on the things they need to do to care for family and home . " Digital Life joins other existing products and wireless companies that are taking advantage of people 's increasing reliance on mobile devices . Comcast offers a home-security feature through an iPhone app . Verizon offers a similar service , while home security market leader ADT features ADT Pulse on approved devices . In a news release from AT&T , Larry Hettick , a research director for market-research company Current Analysis , says that Digital Life "  promises to be as robust as anything in the marketplace today . " He said he was impressed with the system 's wireless platform and ability , unlike some existing services , to work with a wide range of different devices .	AT&T enters the home-security field with a service called Digital Life It will let homeowners remotely control alarms , locks and other items through phones or tablets It will roll out this summer on a trial basis in Atlanta and Dallas
London  CNN  -- A former trader for Swiss banking giant UBS was convicted Tuesday on two counts of fraud and sentenced to seven years in prison over what prosecutors called a "  staggering " $ 2.3 billion loss in unauthorized trading . The court found Kweku Adoboli guilty of two counts of fraud by abuse of position . He was acquitted on four other charges . The court sentenced him to seven years in prison on one count and four years on the other . The sentences will run concurrently , authorities said . Read more : Accused UBS bank trader ` sorry beyond words ' The loss was among the largest ever to a bank in unauthorized trading , analysts have said . Prosecutors said the case boiled down to simple dishonesty . "  Behind all the technical financial jargon in this case , the question for the jury was whether Kweku Adoboli had acted dishonestly , in causing a loss to the bank of $ 2.3  billion  , " Andrew Penhale , deputy head of the Crown Prosecution Service , said in a statement . "  He did so , by breaking the rules , covering up and lying . In any business context , his actions amounted to fraud , pure and simple . " "  The amount of money involved was staggering , impacting hugely on the bank but also on their employees , shareholders and investors , " he said . "  This was not a victimless crime . " UBS issued a statement saying it is pleased the case is over and thanked authorities , but declined further comment . Adoboli , who denied the charges against him , was "  sorry beyond words " for the UBS loss , his lawyer said last year . British authorities charged the trader September 16 , one day after his arrest over the unauthorized deals at UBS . Britain 's Financial Services Authority , the Serious Fraud Office and the Crown Prosecution Service were involved in investigating the case . Read more : UBS revises loss up to $ 2.3 billion in unauthorized trade UBS said none of its clients ' funds were affected by the losses . The company posted a profit in the third quarter despite "  the unauthorized trading incident , " it said in its quarterly report , but its investment banking division recorded a loss of 650 million Swiss francs  $ 708 million  . The charges against Adoboli led to the resignation of UBS chief executive Oswald J. Gruebel two days later . At the time , UBS chairman Kaspar Villiger said in a statement the bank regretted Gruebel 's decision . Gruebel "  feels that it is his duty to assume responsibility for the recent unauthorized trading incident . It is testimony to his uncompromising principles and integrity , " Villiger said .	NEW : Former trader Kweku Adoboli is sentenced to seven years in prison Adoboli was convicted Tuesday on two counts of fraud and acquitted on four other charges His actions constituted "  pure and simple " fraud , a prosecutor says He was charged in connection with a $ 2.3 billion loss in unauthorized trading at UBS
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Rap star T.I. was sentenced in Atlanta federal court Friday to one year and one day in prison and ordered to pay a $ 100,300 fine on weapons charges related to purchasing machine guns and silencers . T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , has mentored at-risk students as part of his community service . The rapper , whose real name is Clifford Harris , reached the terms of the sentence in a plea agreement with prosecutors last year . "  I would like to say thank you to some , and apologize to others , " Harris said at his sentencing . "  In my life , I have been placed in the worst-case scenario and had to make the best of it , " he said . "  Most often , things I have learned have been from trial and error . I knew no way to protect myself than to arm myself . " He was dressed in a gray suit and black shirt and tie . Harris , 28 , also was sentenced to some property forfeiture , supervised release for three years after his prison sentence , 365 days of home confinement and 1,500 hours of community service . He has already served 305 days of home confinement and 1,030 hours of service . He also must undergo DNA testing and drug counseling , can not own firearms and must submit to reasonable searches and a financial audit . Watch the rapper 's interview with CNN 's T.J. Holmes " "  We are very pleased with the result in this case , " U.S. Attorney David E. Nahmias said . "  Mr. Harris has received a significant penalty for the serious firearms offenses he committed . ... "  His prison sentence was reduced from what it might have been , but the public got something very significant in exchange : the extensive and unique community service program that Mr. Harris committed to doing when he pleaded guilty . "  By all accounts , his community service has been a remarkable success -- it certainly exceeded our expectations -- and there is still more to come when he gets out of prison . " Watch T.I. urge others to learn from his mistakes " Former Atlanta Mayor and U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young spoke on behalf of Harris , comparing black-on-black violence to the Ku Klux Klan decades ago . Young said he regarded working with Harris not so much as a chance to help him but more as "  an opportunity for him to help me . " "  We hit it off immediately , " Young said . "  It was a grandfather type of relationship . " Bishop Eddie Long of the New Birth Baptist Church also spoke in support of Harris . Harris will be taken into custody no earlier than May 19 . The plea agreement , which federal authorities called unique , allowed the rapper to remain out of prison for a year while he performed community service . In that time , he mentored at-risk students at 58 schools , 12 Boys & Girls Clubs , nine churches and many other nonprofit organizations , according to court documents . Young said he and Harris went to a hospital for paraplegics in New York . "  He heard the testimonies of guys in their 50s and 60s who talked about being shot back when they were 16 , " Young said . "  A perfect example for me in my ministry , and that would n't be possible without the willingness of this court to try new things . " Meanwhile , the rapper has released his sixth CD , "  Paper Trail , " which has sold close to 2 million copies , according to Nielsen SoundScan . The multiplatinum rapper also has starred in the MTV reality show , "  T.I. 's Road to Redemption : 45 Days to Go , " which chronicles his efforts to shave years off his sentence by completing his community service . The show features him talking to schools and community groups "  about how to avoid the trouble he now finds himself in , " according to the network 's Web site . Harris ' fall from grace was sudden and dramatic , played out on the streets of his hometown of Atlanta in 2007 . That year , Harris had starred in the film "  ATL " and could be seen in Chevy commercials with NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. . Harris had been named to the Forbes list of top-earning rappers , banking an estimated $ 16 million in 2006 . Then he was arrested in October 2007 in an Atlanta parking lot hours before he was to perform at the BET Hip Hop Awards . Harris was caught in a federal sting after his bodyguard-turned-informant delivered three machine guns and two silencers to him , prosecutors said . The rapper had provided the bodyguard with $ 12,000 to buy the weapons . Harris was not permitted to own any guns , however , because he was convicted in 1998 on felony drug charges -- possession of crack cocaine with intent to distribute -- in Cobb County , in suburban Atlanta . For his court hearing Friday , Harris ' attorneys submitted more than 100 letters from officials who thanked him for his community service since the weapons arrest . One of the letters was from Georgia Supreme Court Chief Justice Leah Ward Sears , who said Harris did an "  outstanding job " talking to a group of teenagers about not breaking the law . "  If only one young person in that courtroom listened to Mr. Harris -- and I believe they all did -- we are all better for it , " Sears wrote . "  He was honest , humble and inspirational . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper and Lateef Munger contributed to this report .	Rapper T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , sentenced on weapons charges He also must forfeit property , have supervised release , do more community service T.I. was arrested in federal sting hours before appearance at BET awards show He has mentored at-risk students as part of community service
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday denied a stay of execution appeal from Teresa Lewis , scheduled to be the first woman executed in the United States in five years . Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell previously rejected a clemency request from the death row inmate , who is set to die by injection Thursday evening . Lewis , a 41-year-old grandmother , pleaded guilty to her part in the 2002 slayings of her husband and stepson in their rural home near Danville , Virginia , about 145 miles from Richmond . Two male co-conspirators -- the triggermen -- were given life in prison without parole . McDonnell last week refused to issue a stay for Lewis , who is the first woman scheduled to be executed in Virginia in nearly a century . "  Having carefully reviewed the petition for clemency , the judicial opinions in this case , and other relevant materials , I find no compelling reason to set aside the sentence that was imposed by the Circuit Court and affirmed by all reviewing courts , " the governor wrote . "  Accordingly , I decline to intervene and have notified the appropriate counsel and family of my decision . " Lewis and her lawyers had formally asked the governor to spare her life , arguing she has an IQ that is borderline mentally retarded and that she was manipulated to commit the crimes by a dominant male co-defendant . She pleaded guilty to her participation in the murders , but now regrets her actions . "  I just want the governor to know that I am so sorry , deeply from my heart , " she recently told CNN . "  And if I could take it back , I would , in a minute ... I just wish I could take it back . And I 'm sorry for all the people that I 've hurt in the process . " Lewis had admitted to police she concocted the plot to kill her husband , Julian Lewis , and his son , C.J. Lewis , an Army reservist set to be deployed to Iraq . At the time , she was having an affair with Matthew Shallenberger and paid him and then-19-year-old Rodney Fuller to commit murder for the victims ' insurance money . Court records show Lewis gave the two killers cash to buy weapons and left the door of the rural home open for easy entry . Teresa was in bed with her husband when he was blasted with a shotgun by Shallenberger . Julian Lewis survived long enough to tell police : "  My wife knows who did this to me . " C.J. Lewis was killed by Fuller in his bedroom down the hall . Despite her guilty plea , a state judge later sentenced Lewis to death while sparing the lives of triggermen Shallenberger and Fuller . The judge at sentencing called her "  the head of this serpent . " The state argued Lewis was the mastermind of the murders-for-hire , and officials say she does not deserve mercy . "  I can frankly say that Teresa Lewis is as evil a person as I 've ever met , " said David Grimes , commonwealth 's attorney for Pittsylvania County , who was at the scene of the crimes shortly after they occurred . "  I would wager with some assurance that you would n't find anyone who knew her before this event occurred who thought she was mentally retarded , or had a limited mentality -- that it would ever cross their minds . " Her supporters say Lewis is deeply remorseful and has been a model prisoner , helping fellow female inmates cope with their circumstances . "  I do feel I could be a lot of help to some of the women -- which I have already . From my understanding I 've already helped a lot , to change their lives , or made them look at their lives in a different way , " she told CNN . Amnesty International and best-selling author John Grisham are among those supporting leniency . Grimes said Lewis has a "  fairly low " IQ but noted courts have concluded she is not mentally retarded . The state also argued Lewis waited 45 minutes after the shootings before calling police and that she had involved her then-16-year-old daughter in the plot . Defense lawyer Jim Rocap argued that such evidence suggested "  Teresa could not have been the mastermind . " "  Shallenberger has stated , and the experts that have examined her agree , that she was being used by Shallenberger , not the other way around , " he said . Lewis ' attorneys say that Shallenberger admitted he used Lewis to get at the $ 250,000 she would receive in the event her stepson died . A letter from Shallenberger to another woman , they say , said that the only reason he slept with Lewis was "  so she would give me the insurance money . " "  She was exactly what I was looking for , " he wrote . "  Some ugly bitch who married her husband for the money and I knew I could get to fall head over heels for me . " Furthermore , they said , Shallenberger said he "  manipulated the whole thing " and "  knew he was going ` take ' Lewis from the moment he met her , " according to an affidavit from one of their investigators . But Shallenberger , who committed suicide in 2006 , refused to sign the affidavit and actually tore up and ate part of it . Still , Grimes said , his investigation showed that Lewis took an active role in the plot , that she connived and manipulated everyone from her late husband to her lover to her children . From early on , he said , Lewis schemed several different ways to get the inheritance money . She helped plan an earlier plot to kill her husband that failed . From CNN 's Bill Mears	Grandmother , 41 , scheduled to be executed Thursday U.S. Supreme Court declines to issue stay Teresa Lewis ' attorney said she did not mastermind the killings
CNN  -- In her thoughts and prayers over the past year , Nadine Devilme has thanked God countless times for saving her baby after Haiti 's earthquake . She 's also wanted to thank the doctor who treated Jenny Alexis after the 2-month-old spent four days alone , crushed in the rubble with nothing to drink . There was one problem : Devilme never knew the doctor 's name , never knew exactly whom to thank for treating her daughter 's fractured skull and crushed chest and then arranging for her to be airlifted to a hospital in Miami . Meanwhile , the physician who saved Jenny , Dr. Karen Schneider , an assistant professor of pediatric emergency medicine at Johns Hopkins , has spent the past year wondering how the baby was doing . "  I want to know , is she walking , starting to talk , is she playing , because when she first came to me , I did n't think she 'd be able to do any of those things , " Schneider said . "  I did n't think she would live . " Finally , on Monday , the baby many call a miracle and the doctor who brought her from the brink of death were brought together . "  One of the few success stories of that horrible time !! " Haitian couple await baby 's return Last week , Schneider sent me an e-mail asking if I had contact information for Jenny 's parents . "  I would love to connect with her parents and see how she is doing !! " she wrote . "  It is one of the few success stories of that horrible time !! " Schneider , also a member of the Catholic order the Sisters of Mercy , had a layover Monday in Miami on her way to Haiti to work with cholera victims . We decided to meet up with Jenny and her family . Jenny 's parents have lived in Miami since April after obtaining visas to enter the United States . When we arrived at the family 's apartment , Devilme brought us into Jenny 's room , where she was taking her afternoon nap . "  Oh my gosh , she 's so big ! So big ! " Schneider exclaimed when she saw Jenny . "  Marche ? Marche ? " she asked , using the Creole word for "  walk . " "  Is she walking ? " "  Yes , yes ! " Devilme told her . "  Her smile , it goes up on both sides ? Or does it droop on one side ? " Schneider asked , concerned that trauma to Jenny 's head during the earthquake might have damaged the baby 's facial nerves . DNA testing confirms they 're the parents Devilme , who 's learned some English in her nine months in Miami , assured the doctor that Jenny had a normal smile . Once Jenny awoke , she proved she 's a normal toddler , grabbing toys , saying "  Mama , " taking a visitor 's keys off a table and walking outside even after she 'd been told not to . "  She looks like nothing ever happened , " Schneider said . "  And we did n't think she would live two hours . " Devilme called over an interpreter to translate from Creole to English . "  I would like to say thank you for saving my daughter , because I always wanted to meet you and I never had the opportunity , " Devilme told Schneider . "  For me , it 's just a great thing to be able to say thank you to you . " "  You 're welcome , " Schneider said as she hugged Devilme . "  It 's such a gift to be able to see this baby . " When they met Monday , Schneider agreed to be Jenny 's godmother . A risky procedure When the earthquake struck , Devilme was in one part of her home in Port-au-Prince , and Jenny was in another part with her baby sitter . Devilme was injured and taken to a local hospital , and her husband , Junior Alexis , who was unharmed in the quake , returned to their ruined home to search for Jenny in the rubble . He could n't find her , but four days later , someone else found Jenny amid the concrete and flagged down a journalist who was driving nearby , who took the baby to a makeshift hospital run by the University of Miami and Project MediaShare . Schneider , the head of pediatrics at the hospital , had been up for 30 hours straight and had finally lain down for a nap when a nurse woke her up to take care of Jenny . "  She was n't conscious , and she had head trauma -- she had an indentation in her skull , " Schneider told Devilme on Monday . "  And another thing that terrified me was her chest was completely caved in and everything was pushed to one side . " But Schneider 's biggest concern was after four days without any liquids , Jenny was so dehydrated she could n't even get an IV into her veins . With no other choice , she delivered fluids directly into Jenny 's leg bones , a risky procedure . Once Jenny was stabilized , Project Medishare paid for a private jet to fly her to Miami . "  Miracle " comes full circle with reunion "  This was a big , fancy executive jet , " she told her . "  And I laid Jenny down , and she peed all over the leather , and then she opened her eyes for the first time and smiled at me . " Seeing that the baby was hydrated enough to urinate , Schneider felt for the first time Jenny might survive the two-hour flight to Miami . "  I was so thrilled , but the pilot was n't so happy she 'd peed on his leather seat , " she told Devilme , laughing . An uncertain future Devilme said she hopes to find a job and send Jenny to day care , but she 's had trouble finding both . Her husband already works at a local restaurant . The family has permission to stay in the United States for two years . The International Rescue Committee is supporting them while they 're in the United States , including helping them apply for health care benefits for her physical therapy . Her arms , which had surgery , continue to heal . "  I lost everything in Haiti , " Devilme said . "  I have nothing to go back to , so I do n't know what 's going to happen . " Schneider thinks Jenny has a bright future . "  She 's a miracle baby , " she told her mother . "  For almost four days , she had almost no fluid , and yet she survived . I 've always said God has a special plan for her . " CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this report	Doctor treated Nadine Devilme 's daughter 's fractured skull and crushed chest "  We did n't think she would live two hours , " Dr. Karen Schneider says Jenny is a normal toddler , with a big smile
CNN  -- In middle school , a lot of kids think it 's cool to cuss and toss around four-letter words like a soccer ball at recess . McKay Hatch , 16 , launched an initiative to curb the use of profanity . But when McKay Hatch was in eighth grade , he called foul on the cussing he heard . Hatch started the No Cussing Club . It began at his school and then , through his Web site , attracted members of all ages from all 50 states and 30 countries . His efforts even got the attention of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors , which declared the first week of March "  No Cussing Week . " CNN 's Nicole Lapin spoke to the 16-year-old about the recent success of his movement and the trials he overcame to start it . The following is an edited transcript of the interview . McKay Hatch : Actually , when I first went to my parents about the idea , my dad was kind of like , ` No , no , do n't do this . ' He knew I 'd get bullied and teased , which I did , and more . I got a lot of death threats from people , but I realized that through this whole thing that these people were bullies and I was n't going to let them win . Watch the entire interview with McKay Hatch " Nicole Lapin : Well , you received not only death threats we should say , McKay . Your site was hacked into , prostitutes were sent to your house . Were you ever scared by any of those threats ? Hatch : At first I was actually pretty scared because they said , ' I know where you live . ' Our address was posted online on a really big Web site and at first I was scared . But like I said , these are bullies and they wanted me to be scared and I was n't going to let them win . Lapin : Even with the bullies , even with the threats , is this now in 30 different countries with thousands of members ? Is it worth it ? Hatch : It 's definitely worth it . Now we have members in all 50 states and 30 countries . People are signing up with our Web site nocussing.com and they 're taking the pledge to use language to uplift and make people feel good about themselves . That 's what this whole club is . Lapin : It 's not really about just cussing . It 's also about civility . Hatch : Yeah , it 's about talking to people with civility like you said , and making people feel good about themselves and talking to people with respect . That all starts with your words and how you choose to use them .	McKay Hatch , 16 , started a No Cussing Club to encourage civility Club has grown on the Internet with members in 30 countries Teen says he received death threats for starting club His efforts led to an official No Cussing Week in Los Angeles County
CNN  A tenacious Tunisia broke the deadlock in Group B to put one foot in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations . The 2004 champions were the first team to win a match in the so-called "  Group of Draw " with a 2-1 victory over Zambia . The second qualifying place from Group B is still up for grabs , however , after Cape Verde and the Democratic Republic of Congo played out a goalless draw in the late game . That result will cheer the free-flowing Zambians , who had created the best chances as dusk began to settle around the tree-fringed Estadio De Ebebiyin . Captain Rainford Kalaba and Emmanuel Mayuka fed off one another up front but shot after shot failed to find its target . The 2012 champions -- who had not lost an AFCON match since 2010 -- had to wait until the 59th minute for Mayuka to fire them into a deserved lead . Kalaba darted through the Tunisia defense to set up Mayuka , who buried the ball deep into the net and celebrated with a series of back flips . The striker 's acrobatics proved more painful just minutes later . As he stretched to reach another cross from Kalaba , his legs split wide and he was eventually carried off the field . The untimely injury to the talismanic striker , who is on the books of English Premier League side Southampton , was the turning point of the match . While he was being treated on the sidelines , Tunisia spied a chance to take a run at 10-man Zambia . The equalizer , a tap in by Ahmed Akaichi , came all too easily . As darkness fell on the town of Ebebiyin , in the north east corner of host nation Equatorial Guinea , the crowd raised its voice , urging on a winner . The decisive goal came from Tunisia captain Yassine Chikhaoui in the 89th minute when the FC Zurich player rose clear , heading the ball into the net . "  That was not the Zambia I know , " the team captain Kalaba told reporters . "  I do n't know what came into the mind of my colleagues after we scored . I was shocked to see the way they played . " Tunisia now leads Group B on four points ahead of Cape Verde and DR Congo on two points and Zambia , which has a single point . The second match at the lively Estadio De Ebebiyin saw Cape Verde and DR Congo play out a physical , often scrappy , draw . Cape Verde represent the smallest country at AFCON -- the island territory stretches to just 1.5 square miles -- but the ` Blue Sharks ' have big ambitions . At its tournament debut in the 2013 edition of AFCON , the islanders reached the quarter finals and Rui Aguas ' men came close to joining Tunisia on the cusp of the last eight again , Thursday . The ball was inches from the line when defender Admilson Barros -- known as Gege -- attempted to bundle it into the net only to be denied by the swift fingers of Robert Kidiaba . The Congo DR keeper then stooped low to brilliantly deny Heldon Ramos when he had wriggled his way clear on goal . The Leopards ' threat was blunted early in the match when West Bromwich Albion midfielder Youssouf Mulumbu limped off . Cedrick Mabwati emerged as Congo DR 's target man but there was ultimately no breakthrough for either side . The "  Group of Draw " may be no more but Zambia , Congo DR and Cape Verde are all hunting an elusive win in Monday 's decisive Group B matches .	Tunisia stage a late comeback to defeat Zambia 2-1 in the Africa Cup of Nations Ahmed Akaichi and captain Yassine Chikhaoui find the net for Tunisia Congo DR and Cape Verde draw to keep Group B qualification hopes alive
EW.com  -- Actress Jeanne Cooper -- star of "  The Young and the Restless , " which earned 23 nominations this morning from the Daytime Emmys -- has returned to the hospital due to an undisclosed illness . Cooper , 84 , was recently discharged after spending several weeks in treatment , but her son Corbin Bernsen posted on Facebook that a return was necessary . "  Not sure what to pray for at this point or what we even want for her , " Bernsen wrote . "  I know in my heart there is more for her to do in this world , but I also know there is a season for all things . I want more than anything comfort for her . I want her to have peace . This is that tricky place where you start to weight all things , not what we need to do , actions to take , but instead open ourselves for enlightenment as to what God has planned for her and ultimately what is best for her . She is a fighter and I know she 'll continue that . But when you 're a boxer in the corner , bruised and bloodies from battle and demands to keep going , what do you do ? I 'm saying my prayers this morning , asking for guidance . " John Grisham writes ' A Time to Kill ' sequel Cooper 's absence has not affected the soap . In fact , her character , Katherine Chancellor appeared in today 's episode . Cooper has been on the CBS soap since 1973 . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jeanne Cooper has returned to the hospital due to an undisclosed illness Cooper stars on "  The Young and the Restless , " which earned 23 Daytime Emmy noms Cooper , 84 , was recently discharged after spending several weeks in treatment
CNN  -- What do the 2010 heat wave in Russia , last year 's Texas drought , and the 2003 heat wave in Europe have in common ? All are examples of extreme weather caused by climate change , according to a new study from NASA scientist James Hansen . "  This is not a climate model or a prediction but actual observations of weather events and temperatures that have happened , " he wrote in a Washington Post opinion piece meant to accompany the study . "  Our analysis shows that it is no longer enough to say that global warming will increase the likelihood of extreme weather and to repeat the caveat that no individual weather event can be directly linked to climate change . To the contrary , our analysis shows that , for the extreme hot weather of the recent past , there is virtually no explanation other than climate change . " The study , which was published by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , looks at the past six decades of global temperatures and finds what Hansen described as a "  stunning " rise in the frequency of extremely hot summers . It compared what is happening now to what was happening between 1951-1980 . In those years , extremely hot temperatures covered less than 0.2 % of the planet . Now , those temperatures cover about 10 % of the land area , the study said . It dismissed the idea that specific weather patterns are by themselves sufficient to explain today 's extreme anomalies . Phenomena like La Nina have always been around , but large areas of extreme warming have only come about with climate change , the study said . "  The odds that natural variability created these extremes are minuscule , vanishingly small . To count on those odds would be like quitting your job and playing the lottery every morning to pay the bills , " wrote Hansen . Hansen directs research at the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York and is a longtime environmental activist .	James Hansen argues that rising global temperatures are fueling an increase in extreme weather He cites a 2010 heat wave in Russia and last year 's Texas drought as examples Hansen , an activist , directs research at the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies
CNN  -- Roma became the first team in Serie A history to win its opening 10 games of the season after a 1-0 victory over bottom feeder Chievo , a result that also restored the Giallorossi 's five-point advantage at the top of the table over Juventus and Napoli . Roma bossed possession -- amassing 65 % overall -- but when the hour mark passed and the match remained scoreless it appeared as if Chievo would engineer an upset and take a point in the Eternal City . Club legend Francesco Totti could n't bail out Roma , since he was out injured . Marco Borriello , however , struck in the 67th minute with a header to put an end to Chievo 's resistance . Borriello 's effort was one of 18 shots for Rudi Garcia 's Roma , while Chievo only mustered two . Roma ground out a 1-0 win at Udinese on Sunday to make it nine in a row and match the feat of Juventus during the 2005/06 season . Juventus was later stripped of its title that campaign as part of a match-fixing scandal . Atletico keeps pace Days after pledging his international future to Spain instead of Brazil -- the country of his birth -- Diego Costa scored again as Atletico Madrid beat Granada 2-1 to keep the pressure on Barcelona in La Liga . Costa moved ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo in the scoring charts on 12 goals when he converted a penalty in the first half and ex Barcelona front man David Villa also found the back of the net from the spot in the second half . Villa won both penalties . Granada pulled a goal back in injury time after Atletico 's Filipe Luis was sent off in the 89th minute for a second yellow but Atletico hung on for a vital victory despite not playing at its best . "  What really makes me happy is the effort made by the players , " Atletico manager Diego Simeone told the club website . "  It 's not easy to win , win , win and keep winning . " Atletico improved to 30 points , one behind the Catalans , after improving to 10 wins and a defeat . Despite Lionel Messi 's month-long scoring slump in the league , Barcelona beat city rival Celta Vigo 3-0 away on Tuesday to temporarily move four points ahead . Real Madrid completes the top three . In a hole following a Clasico defeat to Barcelona on Saturday , Ronaldo bagged a hat-trick and Gareth Bale scored his first goals at the Bernabeu in a 7-3 thrashing of Sevilla on Wednesday . Impasse continues in France A strike by clubs from Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 moved ever closer after French President Francois Hollande refused to budge on plans to hit high earners with a hefty 75 % tax rate for two years . A meeting with club owners did little to change Hollande 's mind Thursday , meaning the teams look certain to sit out games between November 29 and December 2 . The scheme , which could be implemented next year , was initiated to help reduce France 's budget deficit although the clubs argue they 're unfair targets since many of them are struggling financially . "  Club representatives have not been heard despite several constructive proposals , " the Union of Professional Football Clubs said in a statement on its website . "  This tax , which was initially meant for the richest , will in our case impact companies in debt . " Those who earn more than 1 million euros  $ 1.38 million  a year would have to pay the 75 % rate . But it 's the clubs , not the players , who would have to cough up the funds .	Roma sets new record in Serie A by winning its 10th straight game to start season Marco Borriello scores in the second half to give Roma a 1-0 win over last-place Chievo In Spain , Atletico Madrid kept pace with Barcelona by beating Granada 2-1 A strike in France moved closer after the French president refused to budge on tax policy
Atlanta  CNN  -- In October 1991 , I came to America with my wife , my 6-year-old son and my mother-in-law . Last month , we celebrated the 20th anniversary of our life in this country . I remember the journey from what was then the Soviet Union vividly . Being driven to Sheremetyevo airport in Moscow , the long goodbyes with my family and friends . I remember the faces of my crying mother , my puzzled father . They were afraid of what would happen to their son and their grandson in a strange land . As we were leaving , I had to brace myself for the possibility that I would not see my family again . After all , the Iron Curtain , although rusty and crumbling , was still around . The unknown lay ahead , and it was scary . Thirty-three years in the Soviet Union were over . I felt like our lives were about to start anew . For us , life in Moscow was actually not bad at all . Family and numerous friends always compensated for living behind the Iron Curtain and numerous day-to-day shortcomings . My generation grew up in a culture of near-deprivation , constant shortages of everything imaginable . But that was nothing compared with the lives of my parents and especially my grandparents ' . I recall how people used to stock up on everything . Everyone 's refrigerators were actually packed with food . And , as I said , we made it through with the support of friends and family . But since my early childhood , I had heard about the "  Zapad " -- the West , in Russian . And the older I grew , the more attractive Zapad seemed . I can still visualize my grandfather opening a package from his brother , who lived in New York . Unheard-of luxuries : Parker pens and Gillette razors wrapped in glitzy plastic . We were asked to get off the plane for the layover at Gander airport . Sunny skies , fall colors , very warm compared with slushy Moscow . That 's how I remember our arrival in North America . At JFK International airport , we were told to follow the line for new immigrants . We then stayed with my friend 's parents in New Jersey . We experienced hospitality and goodwill like we never had before . My friend 's parents gave our family of four shelter and fed us for nearly two months . Once , they had been new immigrants , too . When we came to Atlanta , we were surprised . Everyone was driving cars , and there were no sidewalks to walk on . Once , when we walked on a street looking for an apartment to rent , a friend from CNN pulled up and offered us a ride . He ended up driving us around for the rest of the day . A lot has changed since then . I have been working for CNN since 1992 . My son is a young man who lives in New York City , where he works in book publishing . My wife is an IT specialist whose long working hours are hard to be envious of . Last year , I was diagnosed with a brain tumor . I had to undergo surgery and have been monitored and given treatment since . But , for now at least , I like to consider myself healthy . I am in good physical shape , and I continue to work full time at CNN . I see friends and enjoy a bottle of fine wine . I rejoice when I listen to music in my car . My illness taught me to appreciate life . I feel grateful every day : for a beautiful day , for what I have . That 's why Thanksgiving is so meaningful to me . In a way , I feel like every day is Thanksgiving . But on Thanksgiving Day , the last Thursday in November , everyone in America feels the same way -- I hope . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Igor Krotov .	Twenty years ago , I moved to the U.S. from the Soviet Union with my family , says Igor Krotov I have worked for CNN since 1992 , and my son is now a young man , he says Last year I was diagnosed with a brain tumor , and I had to undergo surgery , Krotov says Krotov : My illness taught me to appreciate life ; I feel grateful every day for what I have
CNN  -- Muhammad Ali fought here . Neil Armstrong celebrated his moonwalk here . Elvis Presley sang here . And Billie Jean King faced off against Bobby Riggs here . In its heyday , the world 's first indoor stadium knew how to throw a party . And it paved the way for multi-use , publicly subsidized sports facilities getting built across the United States . Now the Houston Astrodome has hit the big time , as far as historic buildings go . The dome has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places , a designation announced by the National Park Service last week . The listing makes it eligible for tax breaks should the building be rehabilitated but is otherwise mostly honorary . Can a 20th-century sports stadium be a "  historic place ? " The Astrodome "  was bold and modern , and it marked the enormous ambition Houston had in the 1960 's and 70 's , when , thanks to air conditioning becoming cheap and plentiful , -LSB- Houston -RSB- believed there were no obstacles to its becoming one of the major cities of the world , " wrote architecture critic Paul Goldberger , contributor to Vanity Fair , winner of the Pulitzer Prize for his architecture criticism at The New York Times and author of "  Why Architecture Matters , " via email . "  I 'm all for saving sports facilities that have genuine historic and architectural value , which the Astrodome does , " wrote Goldberger . "  Things this big are n't easy to re-use , of course , and there is no doubt that figuring out a viable future for the Astrodome is a huge challenge . But it definitely meets the standard of being a landmark . " 6 imperiled and extinct sports sites That 's why the National Trust for Historic Preservation included the stadium on its 2013 list of "  most endangered " places , along with a military club for African-American officers , America 's first permanent English settlement and an unused airline terminal . "  Many people perceive places built during living memory , or just before , differently than they do older places , and too often value them less , " said Stephanie K. Meeks , the National Trust 's president , via e-mail . "  We see more and more midcentury icons slowly fading away until demolition seems inevitable , " said Meeks . "  We must preserve these Modernist buildings not only because they represent America 's ingenuity and space-age determination , but because they challenge -- and expand -- our sense of what is worth saving in this country . " Opened in 1965 as home to the Houston Astros and the then-Houston Oilers , the Astrodome has n't had a sports team to call its own since 1999 . Used as a refuge for people fleeing Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , the stadium had a sale in November to sell off Astroturf  first installed at the Astrodome and named in its honor  , stadium seating and other parts . The storied stadium was the site of tennis great Billie Jean King 's 1973 "  Battle of the Sexes " with Bobby Riggs , a historic and much-hyped victory of woman over man in sports . Elvis Presley played the Astrodome in 1970 , Neil Armstrong celebrated his moon mission there in 1969 and Muhammad Ali successfully defended his world heavyweight champion title against Cleveland Williams at the stadium in 1966 . Preservationists are scrambling to save the stadium , which is structurally sound and significant in the world of sports -- but also a bit of a local eyesore . Local voters rejected a $ 217 million November bond initiative to save the county-owned stadium and turn it into a convention center . What do you think of efforts to preserve and reuse the Houston Astrodome ? Should it be saved or torn down ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	The world 's first indoor stadium now sits unused The stadium was just listed on the National Register of Historic Places A piece of Modernist architecture , it served as a refuge for Katrina victims
CNN  -- An independent Scotland would retain Queen Elizabeth II as head of state , keep the pound sterling currency , and remain within the European Union , according to a policy document presented by Scotland 's devolved government Tuesday . The release of the draft plan -- known as a white paper -- comes ahead of next year 's referendum on independence from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland . The September 18 2014 referendum will allow Scots a straight yes-or-no vote on staying in the union . If they vote yes , the country 's first independent election would be held on May 5 , 2016 , according to the white paper . Releasing the "  Scotland 's Future " document in Glasgow , Scotland 's First Minister and Scottish National Party  SNP  leader Alex Salmond said "  Scotland 's future is in Scotland 's hands . " "  This white paper is the most detailed blueprint that any people have ever been offered anywhere in the world as a basis for becoming an independent country , " he said . "  It puts beyond doubt that an independent Scotland would start from a position of strength -- in fact become independent in more promising circumstances than virtually any other nation in history . " But Better Together campaign leader and former British finance minister Alistair Darling said it was "  a fantasy " to say Scotland could leave the UK but keep all the benefits of UK membership . "  The white paper is a work of fiction . It is thick with false promises and meaningless assertions . Instead of a credible and costed plan , we have a wish-list of political promises without any answers on how Alex Salmond would pay for them , " the Scottish lamaker said . In his presentation , Salmond highlighted what he said was Scotland 's "  underlying economic strength . " "  An independent Scotland could have the eighth-highest economic output and the tenth-highest national income per head of population in the whole of the developed world , " he said . The plan says over the past 32 years , Scotland has contributed more tax per head of population than the UK as a whole and on independence would continue to have healthier public finances than the UK . But the country would retain the pound sterling as its currency as part of a "  formal Sterling Area , " it says . Monarch Other key points outlined in the paper including maintaining Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II as Scotland 's official head of state . It says an independent Scotland would have a points-based immigration system , targeted at Scotland 's particular needs and would ensure that British citizens "  habitually resident " in Scotland would automatically be considered Scottish citizens . Existing Scottish citizens would have the right but not the obligation to hold a Scottish passport . Foreign policy The paper says an independent Scotland would establish its own network of overseas embassies and consulates but would have a "  close and constructive " relationship with the rest of the UK on many foreign policy issues . The government 's policy is to remain inside the European Union , the paper says . "  Following a vote for independence , the Scottish Government will immediately seek discussions with the Westminster Government and with the member states and institutions of the EU to agree the process whereby a smooth transition to full EU membership can take place on the day Scotland becomes an independent country . " Defense An independent Scotland would make "  an early agreement on the speediest safe removal of nuclear weapons a priority , " the paper says . "  This would be with a view to the removal of  Britain 's nuclear deterrent program  Trident within the first term of the Scottish Parliament following independence , " the paper says . Scotland would negotiate with NATO to become an independent and non-nuclear member of the defense alliance , it said and would commit to a Â # 2.5 billion  $ 3.38 B  defense budget , building to a total of 15,000 regular defense personnel . "  We are prepared to negotiate arrangements for the continued use of defense infrastructure in Scotland by UK forces and vice versa , at least for a transitional period , " it added . The Act of Union joined Scotland and England in 1707 and Scotland is currently governed under the umbrella of the British government in Westminster in London , alongside Wales and Northern Ireland . Westminster returned some autonomy to the three nations , and gave them the right to form their own parliaments , in the late 1990s . British Prime Minister David Cameron and Salmond , signed a deal in October 2012 paving the way for Scots to vote on independence from the United Kingdom . Read more : New deal could lead to Scotland 's independence	Scots are due to vote in a referendum for independence on September 18 , 2014 It could see Scotland leave the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland The Scottish government released a "  blueprint " for an independent Scotland Tuesday The paper says Scotland would stay within the EU and retain the pound sterling and
CNN  -- It 's not often that a golfer shoots an 11-under-par 60 but finishes his round with a tinge of disappointment . But that fate befell Phil Mickelson , who saw his perfectly struck 25-foot birdie putt curl around the cup but not drop on the par-four ninth at the TPC at Scottsdale in Arizona . It was his final hole of the first round of the Phoenix Open and had it gone down , the American superstar would have joined the elite club of five players who have broken 60 on the PGA Tour . "  To see that last putt lip out the way it did and not go in , it 's crushing because you do n't get that chance very often to shoot 59 , " he told the official PGA Tour website . "  He could not have hit a better putt , " said his long-time caddie Jim Mackay . "  Disappointing for everyone to not see that one go in on the last , " said one of Mickelson 's playing partner 's Rickie Fowler . Mickelson , who achieved the same 11-under 60 score at the tournament in 2005 , joins fellow Masters winner Zach Johnson in being the only two PGA Tour players to shot 60 or better more than once in their careers . "  I was ecstatic  in 2005  , and I 'm ecstatic to shoot 60  today  , " Mickelson said . "  But there 's a big difference between 60 and 59 . Not that big between 60 and 61 , there really is n't . But there 's a big barrier , a Berlin Wall barrier , between 59 and 60 . " In another twist , fellow American Bo Van Pelt had shot a 59 in the pro-am Wednesday , but it does not count for the record books , while Mickelson himself carded a 59 at the PGA Grand Slam of Golf in 2004 , a four-man invitational tournament which does not count towards the official money list . The five golfers to have carded official 59s on the PGA Tour date back to Al Geiberger in 1977 . Paul Goydos , Chip Beck , David Duval and Australian Stuart Appleby , the latest in the 2010 Greenbrier Classic , have also achieved the feat . The world record is a 12-under 58 by young Japanese golfer Ryo Ishikawa at a tournament in his home country in 2010 . Mickelson 's heroics left him four shots clear of the field heading into Friday 's second round -- a big improvement on his two previous lackluster displays in earlier events in the 2013 season . The four-time major winner has also attracted controversy off the course over remarks he made about tax rates in his home state of California , but on it he remains an flamboyant performer who regularly thrills the galleries . Meanwhile , Richard Sterne of South Africa has a slender one-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic on the European Tour . He followed his opening 62 -- one shy of compatriot Ernie Els ' superb course record -- with a two-under 70 in tougher conditions on the second day on the Majilis Course at the Emirates Golf Club . Thorbjorn Olesen of Denmark , England 's Tommy Fleetwood and Stephen Gallacher of Scotland were tied for second on 133 . Spanish star Sergio Garcia was on 135 , while world number eight Lee Westwood of England trailed by six shots after a one-under 71 in his first tournament of the year .	Phil Mickelson shoots an 11-under 60 to lead Phoenix Open Putt for a magical 59 agonizingly lips out on his final hole at TPC Scottsdale It is the second time Mickelson has shot 60 on the PGA Tour Richard Sterne leads Dubai Desert Classic at halfway
CNN  -- Life is good for Elizabeth Smart a decade after surviving a hellish kidnapping , she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Smart got married last year and her book "  My Story " is expected to be a best-seller . "  It could n't get better than that , right ? I 've got great dogs . I 've got a great family . I mean , I could n't be happier , " Smart said in the second installment of her interview , which aired Tuesday on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " The first installment shown Monday detailed the night of June 5 , 2002 , when Brian David Mitchell dragged her from her family 's Salt Lake City home with a knife to her throat , threatening to kill her and her family if she made a noise . Smart , now 25 , is a long way from the scared 14-year-old who spent nine months as a captive of a homeless street preacher , who raped her daily , and his wife , Wanda Barzee , who treated her like a slave . "  That happened to me , but I 'm so much more than that girl that was kidnapped , " Smart told Cooper . When Smart testified at Mitchell 's federal trial three years ago , it was to help prosecutors convict her kidnapper . But her book is intended to raise awareness of sexual abuse and to help other victims , she said . Elizabeth 's story : Nine months of what ifs and near misses Paralyzed by fear She had chances to be rescued , but the fear that Mitchell might carry out his threats to kill her and her family paralyzed her , she said . One missed opportunity came when someone told police they saw the missing girl at a Salt Lake City library . When homicide detective Jon Richey approached to investigate , Smart was sitting next to Barzee . "  As soon as the policeman flashed his badge , because he was just dressed as a civilian , she immediately clamped her hand down onto my leg , and in my 14-year-old mind , I just knew that if I did anything or said anything that I would be killed and then they 'd go after my family , " Smart said . "  So , I sat there just praying and hoping and just desperate that he 'd recognize me , that somehow he 'd save me . " Mitchell refused to let the detective see under the veil that shielded Smart 's face , saying it violated their religious beliefs for anyone but the young woman 's husband to see her face . "  When he turned around and walked away , being 100 % convinced that it was n't me , I mean , it felt like I was being kidnapped all over again , " Smart said . "  I mean , it felt like I was being stolen from my family again and being ripped away from my life and my happiness . " Manipulating her kidnappers Mitchell and Barzee took Smart to San Diego soon after that encounter , but they were also talking about heading to New York or Boston , she said . "  We have to get back to Salt Lake , " she told Cooper she was thinking . "  There 's no way anyone was going to find me if I do n't . But there 's every reason for them not to want to go back to Salt Lake , every reason in the world for that to be the last place for them to ever go . " She used her own psychological trick to persuade Mitchell , who was so good at manipulating others , to return to Salt Lake City , she said . "  I remember turning around and facing my captors and just telling them , ' I just have this feeling and I know that God would never speak to me , but I know he 'll speak to you because you 're his servant . You 're practically his best friend . Could you please ask him if we 're supposed to go back to Salt Lake , because this feeling , it just wo n't leave me and , this is just crazy coming from me , but if you ask him I know he 'll tell you . ' And so he did end up asking . And that was how it was decided we 'd go back to Salt Lake . " Her rescue Soon after their return -- on March 12 , 2003 -- police officers confronted them outside a Walmart store in Sandy , Utah . "  I remembered all these cars pulled up and then the policemen jumped out of their cars and they came over and surrounded us and started asking questions , " Smart said . "  And my two captors , they kept giving the answers and the officers started to ask me questions . " She had been prepared by Mitchell with a back story in such cases , she said . "  I started giving those answers , because they were standing right next to me . I was scared . I was petrified . " But her courage grew when the police separated her from Mitchell and Barzee . "  At first , I was still really scared , " she said . "  I kept giving the answers that I had been told to give , and then finally one of the officers said , ` Well , if you 're Elizabeth Smart , your family misses you so much and they love you so much and they have never given up hope on you the entire nine months you 're gone . Do n't you want to go back home to your family ? ' And it was just at that point that I felt like , well , no matter what the consequences are , I do n't care , I want to go home . " "  So what did you say ? " Cooper asked . "  I told them that I was Elizabeth Smart , " she said . "  What was that feeling like to say your name ? You probably had n't said your name for a long time , " Cooper said . "  It was scary because I did n't know if they thought I had done something wrong or if they had thought I had run away , " she said . "  I did n't know what they were thinking . " One lesson to be learned from her story is that public speculation -- the armchair quarterbacking by people who do not know the facts -- can be hurtful to a victim . "  To have so many people speculate on what happened and what I must be going through , and just so many lies being told , " she said . "  It was hard . I did n't like it . I do n't think anybody likes having people guess at what they 're going through . Privacy is so sacred and any time a victim is returned , a survivor is found and rescued , privacy is one of the greatest gifts we can give them because if they decide to share , that 's up to them and they will come forward . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Second half of Smart 's interview airs Tuesday on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " "  I 'm so much more than that girl that was kidnapped , " Smart tells Cooper Fear of kidnappers paralyzed the 14-year-old girl , preventing rescue "  Privacy is one of the greatest gifts " you can give a crime victim , Smart says
CNN  -- A lawyer who left a videotape saying Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom would be responsible if anything happened to him masterminded his own death last year , a special United Nations commission said Tuesday after an eight-month investigation . Colom had nothing to do with the killing , said Carlos Castresana , head of the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala . "  Rodrigo Rosenberg , for some reason , decided to put an end to his life , " Castresana said at a televised news conference . Rosenberg was shot from behind in a brazen daylight attack while riding his bicycle in Guatemala City , the nation 's capital . He was shot three times in the head , once in the neck and once in the back , Castresana said . Prominent Guatemalan brothers Francisco Jose Valdez Paiz and Jose Estuardo Valdez Paiz hired hit men at the behest of Rosenberg , who told them he was being threatened by someone , Castresana said . The two brothers , who own a pharmaceutical company , had been cousins of Rosenberg through a previous marriage and did not know that he was the target of the assassination , Castresana said . Rosenberg fed information to the hit squad leader that led to his own death , giving descriptions of what the target looked like and where he would be . "  It was the two brothers and no one else , " Castresana said . "  Not a politician . Not a -LSB- government -RSB- minister . Not a police chief . No one . Just these two brothers . " About 300 investigators from 11 nations reached their conclusion after an exhaustive examination of 100,000 telephone calls , 9,500 documents , surveillance videotapes , and 135 interviews with 11 suspects and others , Castresana said . Colom had maintained since the May 10 slaying that he was innocent despite Rosenberg 's explosive videotape , which was made public the day after his death . Guatemalan authorities have arrested 11 men on suspicion that they carried out the killing , but the Valdez Paiz brothers remain at large . Their lawyer , Alexis Calderon , denied last week that his clients were involved . "  This is a story being made up to implicate people who did n't have anything to do with it , " Calderon said . He also said that he did not know where the brothers were but that they would surrender after Tuesday 's conference . Calderon did not answer calls seeking comment Tuesday . Arrest warrants for the brothers were issued December 10 , Castresana said , noting that the suspects were already out of the country by then . Rosenberg recorded the tape blaming Colom three days before his death . He said Colom wanted him dead because the lawyer had been blaming the president and some of his top associates for the slaying of a prominent businessman and his daughter the previous month . Businessman Khalid Musa and his daughter , Marjorie , were killed , Rosenberg said , because they had refused to participate in acts of corruption as the president wanted . Rosenberg was Musa 's attorney . Castresana indicated Rosenberg staged his own killing to get back at Colom and high-level members of his government , whom he could not prove were responsible for the Musa killings . "  He wanted to open a box of lightning and thunder , " said Castresana , a Spanish judge . Castresana pointed to several indicators of Rosenberg 's state of mind : His mother had died ; he was going through a second divorce , and his wife had taken their young children to Mexico ; he was bereft at the slaying of Marjorie Musa , with whom he had a close relationship ; and he felt a sense of powerlessness because he could not prosecute the people he believed were responsible for the Musa slayings . May 10 , the date of his killing , was Mother 's Day . In two April 21 e-mails , seven days after the Musa killings , Rosenberg wrote , "  I ca n't stop crying " and "  I feel like I 'm disintegrating , " Castresana said . Rosenberg made out his last will and testament on April 24 and started going public with his accusations against Colom regarding the Musa slayings on May 3 . On May 4 , he called a meeting at his law office and said he would be leaving the firm , in which he was a partner . The next day , Castresana said , Rosenberg asked a friend to buy two cell phones anonymously . Those cell phones , the lead investigator said , were crucial to cracking the case . Rosenberg used one of the phones to call threats to his personal cell phone and had the other delivered to the Valdez Paiz brothers , who gave it to the hit squad leader . Rosenberg then used the new cell phone he kept to give instructions to the hit squad leader through the second phone , Castresana said . Castresana detailed how the slaying apparently was meant to be paid through a $ 40,000 check . According to the investigator , Rosenberg told his secretary before his death that she would be receiving a check from Panama that should be delivered to the Valdez Paiz brothers . The check had been made out by Luis Alejos , a Rosenberg friend and business associate who at the time was Guatemala 's minister of communication , Castresana said . Alejos resigned from office in June , a few weeks after the slaying . After receiving the check , Francisco Jose Valdez Paiz destroyed it , Castresana said . The businessman paid the 300,000 quetzales  $ 35,900  for the assassination out of his own pocket , Castresana said . The investigator said Rosenberg sent Alejos the money to pay for the killing . Alejos is the brother of Roberto Alejos , the president of the Guatemalan Congress , and a cousin of Gustavo Alejos , who is President Colom 's private secretary . In his videotape , Rosenberg said Gustavo Alejos would be among those responsible for the lawyer 's death if it happened . "  If you are reading this message , it means that I , Rodrigo Rosenberg Marzano , was murdered by the president 's private secretary , Gustavo Alejos , and his associate Gregorio Valdez , with the approval of Mr. Alvaro Colom and -LSB- first lady -RSB- Sandra de Colom , " Rosenberg said . After the tape surfaced , Colom went on national TV with a vehement denial that he or anyone mentioned in the video was involved . He expressed his sense of vindication in a televised speech Tuesday afternoon . "  I do n't have any rancor in my heart , " Colom said . "  Just immense gratitude for those who waited patiently with us . " The United Nations established the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala in 2006 to investigate corruption and political violence . More than 200,000 people have been killed in the nation since 1970 , mostly as a result of organized crime , drug-trade violence and a 36-year civil war that ended in 1996 . There were 6,451 slayings in Guatemala last year , of which only 230 verdicts were achieved , Castresana said . That means , he said , that more than 96 percent of the killings in 2009 were not solved .	NEW : President expresses feeling of vindication at findings United Nations commission included 300 investigators from 11 nations Lawyer left tape saying Guatemalan leader responsible if anything happened to him U.N. panel says brothers involved in arranging hit are at large
Beijing  CNN  -- China is a country where the rule of law is selective and often unjust . One source of injustice is the 50-year-old system known as "  laodong jiaoyang , " or re-education through labor . Under this system , tens of thousands of offenders are imprisoned in China without trial . A United Nations Human Rights Council report estimates that some 190,000 Chinese were locked up in 320 re-education -- or "  laojiao " -- centers in 2009 . That is in addition to an estimated 1.6 million Chinese convicted in regular courts and held in the formal prison system . The "  re-education through labor " system dates back to the 1950s when the newly established communist regime swept up "  counter-revolutionaries " and "  class enemies " to maintain order . Today it empowers police to jail accused offenders -- from petty thieves and prostitutes to drug abusers -- for up to four years without a judicial hearing . Though the practice is supposedly meant for only minor offenders , critics of the system say it is often used as a tool to persecute government critics , including intellectuals , human rights activists and followers of banned spiritual groups like the Falun Gong , and is a major source of human rights violations . Professor Yu Jianrong , a scholar at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , a government think-tank , acknowledged that the system "  has played a certain role in maintaining social order and in preventing and reducing crime . " However , he added , "  as a compulsory re-education administrative measure , it is against the concept of law , lacks legal basis and is contrary to the principles of fairness and justice . It will cause political consequences if this system is not abolished . " Beijing officials say some rethinking is underway . In a press conference last week , Jiang Wei , a senior official of a government taskforce on judicial reform , said the government was preparing to revamp but not abolish the system . Chinese society , Jiang said , has "  reached a consensus on the need to reform the re-education through labor system . " Opinion on Chinese social media confirms that . On the Sina Weibo micro-blogging site , an informal poll last week showed 97 % of the nearly 13,000 respondents voted that "  the laojiao system must be rescinded . " Only 3 % opined that it is "  very good , very practical and must not be rescinded . " Public criticism of the practice resurfaced last August after Tang Hui , a woman in Hunan province , was sentenced to 18 months in a labor camp after she agitated for justice for her 11-year-old daughter who was allegedly abducted , raped and forced into prostitution by seven men . Tang 's plight earned support among lawyers , intellectuals , bloggers and even the mainstream media . Ten lawyers wrote an open letter to government agencies , arguing that the system was neither transparent nor well-supervised . "  Current regulations do not require the laojiao management committees to release a written verdict to explain how their decisions were made , so it 's difficult to know if a decision was fair , " complained co-signatory Li Fangping , a Beijing lawyer . Within a week , Tang Hui was released . Wang Xixin , a Peking University law professor , supports the reassessment of the laojiao system . "  The way it 's implemented , looking at the deprivation and restriction of the citizens ' personal freedom and the lack of openness , fairness and impartiality and procedural safeguards , the system itself needs to be reformed . " Chinese ex-convicts who have survived years in laojiao camps have bitter memories . "  It was physically exhausting and psychologically tough because isolation and starvation are always part of daily life , " recalled a government functionary who was jailed for four years . In the camp , he said he was assigned to work in a vehicle-repair workshop . Does the system work in re-educating convicts ? "  It 's hard to say , " he said . "  Different people take different lessons from their experiences , but most people leave the camp still hating the system or the government . "  Reform is always a good idea , but you can not do it without changing the whole legal system . " Reformers propose the abolition of the laojiao system , but hardly anyone expects that to happen soon . The Chinese leadership remains divided about law reform and other aspects of political reform . Faced with growing social unrest and political instability , China 's leaders have increasingly relied on criminal and administrative punishment to contain rising demands for social justice , clean government , political transparency and accountability , especially among those left behind and marginalized . Some legal experts agree that the system will take some time to change . "  The laojiao system should not be completely abolished , " said Jiang Ming ` an , professor at Peking University . "  Instead it should be adapted and reconstituted . We need to take into account the protection of social order and maintenance of social stability . " A microblogger named Sanxiasheng agreed and tweeted : "  If re-education through labor is abolished , you will see more gangsters around the neighborhoods . " Ma Huaide , a professor at China University of Political Science and Law , likened the laojiao system to an ax . "  The ax may serve as a weapon , but we need not destroy all the axes , " Ma said . "  The key is to supervise the hand that holds it . " But Yu Jianrong , the researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , unequivocally rejects the laojiao system . "  It goes against the legal system , undermines the law and harms social justice , " he posted on social media . "  It serves as the local authorities ' tool of reprisal in the name of maintaining stability . It has to be abolished immediately . " China-watcher Anthony Saich said the planned reform of the system was "  long overdue " but would proceed gradually . "  As with most reforms in China , the policy thrust is to be cautious and experiment first both for people to get used to the change and then to assess whether it has been successful , " Saich , a professor of international affairs at Harvard Kennedy School , explained . "  I would imagine it will lead over time to its abolition . "	China has hinted it 's rethinking its system of "  re-education through labor " In 2009 , around 190,000 Chinese were locked up in 320 centers , according to a UNHRC report System dates back to the 1950s when communist regime swept up "  counter-revolutionaries " Accused offenders can be jailed for up to four years without a judicial hearing
CNN  No charges have been filed against a man who shot the police chief of a small town in Oklahoma four times , the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation says . Sentinel Police Chief Louis Ross was shot Thursday morning after he entered a house looking for the person who allegedly phoned in a bomb threat to a Head Start center , CNN affiliate KFOR reported . Ross was shot by the man living in the house , KFOR said . The chief had just donned a protective vest , which is credited with saving his life , the OSBI said in a press release . His condition was not available Saturday night . "  The man who shot and wounded the Sentinel police chief will not be arrested at this time , " the release said . "  OSBI investigators have extensively interviewed the man . Facts surrounding the case lead agents to believe the man was unaware it was officers who made entry . " "  We almost lost a good man , " Sentinel Mayor Sam Dlugonski told KFOR . Sentinel , population 900 , is about 100 miles from Oklahoma City . The OSBI said somebody called 911 about 4 a.m. Thursday to report a bomb had been placed in the Head Start center . While a bomb squad searched the building and did n't find any explosives , the chief and deputies went to the home where they thought the bomb threat originated , the OSBI said . "  They made entry , cleared the first bedroom , started to clear the second bedroom , he opened fire on police and shot our chief three times in the chest and once in the arm , " Dlugonski told KFOR . The resident , who was not hurt , surrendered to police after the shooting . In a press release issued Friday , the OSBI said it had determined the bomb threat call did not originate from the man 's house . Dlugonski said the caller used the resident 's name , KFOR reported . KFOR reported that officers entered the house without a search warrant . One Sentinel resident said he understood why the shooting happened . "  This is country , this ai n't Oklahoma City , " Jimmy Rhoades told KFOR . "  You 're taught from a young age that if somebody comes into your house to shoot . " Ross was wearing a protective vest loaned to him by a Washita County deputy , the OSBI said . "  The vest saved Ross 's life , " the OSBI said . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Police chief of Sentinel , Oklahoma , shot four times , survives Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation has not filed charges OSBI says chief 's life saved by a borrowed protective vest
CNN  -- North Korea plans to launch a rocket carrying a satellite between December 10 and 22 , a spokesman for the Korean Committee for Space Technology said Saturday , according to state-run media . The Unha-3 rocket will launch from the Sohae Space Center in North Phyongan Province and put a "  working satellite " into orbit , the report by the official Korean Central News Agency said . The planned launch is unusual because it comes during the wintertime and only months after a failed attempt in April . On that occasion , Pyongyang also said the rocket was supposed to put a satellite into orbit , but the launch was seen by many other countries as cover for a ballistic missile test and drew international condemnation . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said another launch "  would be a highly provocative act that threatens peace and security in the region . " It would be also in direct violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions 1718 and 1874 , under which North Korea is barred from testing ballistic missile technology , she said in a statement . "  Devoting scarce resources to the development of nuclear weapons and long-range missiles will only further isolate and impoverish North Korea , " she said . "  The path to security for North Korea lies in investing in its people and abiding by its commitments and international obligations . " The North 's failed launch in April soured relations with the United States and scuppered a deal for Washington to provide thousands of tons of food aid to the North 's malnourished population . KCNA said a second version of the same Korean-made Kwangmyongsong-3 satellite is to be launched this time . Scientists and technicians have analyzed the mistakes made in April , when the rocket broke apart shortly after takeoff , and have worked to improve the reliability and precision of the satellite and carrier rocket , the news agency reported . The "  polar-orbiting earth observation satellite " will blast off southward on a trajectory designed so that parts of the carrier rocket that fall during the launch will not land on neighboring nations , the news agency said . It said North Korea had acted with utmost transparency on its last "  peaceful scientific and technological satellite launch , " and would "  fully comply with relevant international regulations and usage " this time too . South Korea 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade expressed "  serious concern " Saturday over its neighbor 's planned launch , saying it was a "  long-range missile test in the name of working satellite . " If the North goes ahead with the launch as intended , "  it will be faced with a strong response , " the ministry 's statement said . "  The launch is a severe provocation as it is ignoring the concern and warning from the international community and is a direct challenge to the international community as a whole , " it said . South Korea will work closely with the international community , including fellow members of the so-called six-party talks on North Korea -- the United States , Japan , China and Russia -- to stop Pyongyang 's "  provocative act , " it added . UK Foreign Secretary William Hague also condemned the planned launch and urged the North Korean authorities to abandon the project . "  Failure to do so must lead to a further response by the international community , and will damage the prospects for peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula , " he said in a statement . The botched launch in April drew stern criticism from the U.N. Security Council , which repeated demands for Pyongyang not to carry out similar tests in the future . It followed attempts in 2006 and 2009 that were also judged by international experts as having failed . News of the latest planned launch does not come as a complete surprise to North Korea watchers . A U.S. academic website , 38 North , published an analysis of commercial satellite images Thursday that it said revealed trailers carrying the first two stages of one of the North 's Unha rockets near the main missile assembly building at the Sohae Satellite Launch Station on the country 's west coast . The analysis by 38 North , which is run by the School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University , followed the release of an image this week by the satellite imagery company DigitalGlobe that showed increased activity at the launch station . 38 North suggested the possible motivation for the activity at the Sohae site was the planned launch of a satellite-bearing rocket this week by its archrival and neighbor , South Korea . Seoul postponed that launch minutes before takeoff after the discovery of an electronic signal problem . Top satellite image analyst Joe Bermudez , of DigitalGlobe , told CNN earlier this week that a launch on this scale for a second time within a year would be unprecedented for North Korea . The North Koreans are looking for "  maximum political impact " domestically , regionally and internationally with a test launch such as this , he said , calling it a "  very politically motivated event . " The timing of a launch at the end of this year would coincide with many consequential events , said Bermudez , including South Korea 's planned launch . North Korea and Japan will also be holding another set of bilateral talks early in December and the South Korean presidential election will take place in less than a month . North Korea-watchers say new leader Kim Jung Un may be responding to internal political pressure from hard-liners to send a message . CNN 's KJ Kwon , Jethro Mullen , Jennifer Rizzo and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : Nuland : A launch "  would be a highly provocative act that threatens peace and security " NEW : UK Foreign Secretary William Hague calls on North Korea to abandon the plan South Korea says the North "  will be faced with a strong response " if the launch happens North Korea says the rocket will carry a working satellite into orbit
Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is banned from the NBA for life . Sterling has confirmed it is his voice expressing racist views on audio of a private conversation that was leaked to the media . Some who have followed Sterling over the years say he had shown this side before and the leaked audio led to public outcry too loud for the NBA commissioner to ignore . But what of the recording itself ? Was it legal to record ? To leak ? Here 's a look at some of the legal aspects of the recorded conversation between Sterling and his alleged mistress , V. Stiviano , who said she recorded the conversation . Was it legal to record the conversation ? It depends what state you are in during the conversation . Most states require that only one person have knowledge that a conversation is being recorded for it to be legal . But some states , like California , are "  two-party consent " states where all of those involved in the conversation have to know they are being recorded for it to be legal . So depending on the location of the recording , if Sterling did n't know he was being recorded , the audio might very well have been obtained illegally . Stiviano 's lawyer , however , told the Los Angeles Times that Sterling knew he was being recorded . The lawyer , Mac Nehoray , declined to tell the Times why Stiviano recorded the conversation , but said it was "  by mutual agreement , " he told the Times . Banning Sterling good for NBA 's bottom line Was it legal to leak the audio ? Though some may question the ethics of the act , if the audio was legally obtained , no laws were violated by leaking it to a reporter . The reporters who received the audio and disseminated its contents to the public also did nothing illegal , said Joel Kurtzberg , a New York attorney with expertise in First Amendment and media law . Stiviano 's lawyer has said that Stiviano was not the one who released the audio to the media . Clippers unite and win Was this a First Amendment violation ? Have Sterling 's First Amendment rights been violated ? No , Kurtzberg said . No one is questioning that Sterling has the right to speak as he pleases , but the public and the NBA are also free to condemn what he says , Kurtzberg said . Marc J. Randazza , a Las Vegas-based First Amendment attorney , wrote in an op-ed for CNN that the NBA is private club and can punish Sterling as it sees fit . But , Randazza wrote , it was morally wrong to leak the audio and violate Sterling 's privacy . We all say things in private that we may not say in public , he said , but "  we now live in a world where if you have any views that are unpopular , you now not only need to fear saying them in public , but you need to fear saying them at all -- even to your intimate friends . " Opinion : What happened to Sterling was morally wrong Who wants to buy out a billionaire ?	Legality of Sterling recording depends on state where it was recorded Some states require one recorded party to know , some require all It is not illegal to release a legally obtained audio of private conversation to media
A fire that shut down and extensively damaged Nairobi 's Kenyatta International Airport -- a major travel hub in Africa that is crucial to Kenya 's export industry -- appeared to have restarted early Thursday . CNN Correspondent Nima Elbagir saw smoke behind the arrivals area and a small fire that seemed to be getting bigger . There was no immediate word from authorities about the new fire . Large parts of the international terminal were destroyed by the massive blaze that broke out before dawn Wednesday . The fire engulfed the terminal , Ken Mijungu of CNN affiliate NTV reported , before firefighters got it under control . No casualties were reported . Authorities later said the fire was contained , and domestic flights resumed in the afternoon . Video from NTV in the aftermath showed the burned-out interior of the international arrivals section with the roof caved in . International arrivals were supposed to resume Thursday from a different part of the airport , according to Transport and Infrastructure Cabinet Secretary Michael Kamau , but it was n't clear how the rekindled fire Thursday morning would affect them . There was no information about when departures would begin . The blaze could have a serious impact on the flow of tourists into the country and the export of agricultural products . Nairobi , Kenya 's capital , is a major travel hub in Africa , and fresh fruits and vegetables are exported from there to Europe by plane many times a week . President Uhuru Kenyatta visited the scene Wednesday and reassured the aviation industry and local and international travelers that everything was being done to get back to normal , Secretary of Communications Manoah Esipisu said . "  To the thousands of passengers , including tourists , whose journeys were disrupted , the president shares your concerns and regrets the inconvenience . We are concerned that the incident interrupted travelers ' schedules and appreciate that they are being routed to their destinations as soon as is possible , " Esipisu said in a statement . Some witnesses said the fire began in the customs section , but others said it started in the duty-free area , parts of which were demolished for construction last week , Mijungu reported . "  The cause of the fire is being investigated . There is no reason to speculate at this point . There was no loss of life , " Esipisu said . The blaze occurred on the 15th anniversary of the fatal terrorist attacks on the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . It also came days after the United States issued a worldwide travel alert and closed a number of embassies and consulates in large areas of the Middle East and Africa , though not in Kenya or Tanzania . In the 1998 near-simultaneous attacks , 224 people died and about 4,500 were wounded .	The fire appears to restart early Thursday in the arrivals area A CNN correspondent sees smoke and a small fire that seems to be growing Wednesday 's fire at Nairobi 's airport destroyed large parts of the international terminal No casualties have been reported
CNN  -- It 's pretty simple -- if you have a great company in you , Africa is a great place to go unleash it . There is an excitement for newness here , and let 's face it , most things are still new . Access is becoming easier , mobile is booming and a tech explosion is happening . There are some pretty amazing tech startups in Africa that are building amazing products that can compete on the international stage . I get to see a lot of interesting companies and I am always impressed by how innovative and interesting Africa 's tech startups are . This list is made of some of the most interesting companies I have come across in the last two years . It 's hard to pick the top companies , so this list consists of companies that have done impressive work and are innovating in interesting ways . So check out the gallery above to see , in no particular order , Africa 's bright tech future and the companies leading it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Atagana .	"  There are some pretty amazing tech startups in Africa , " says Michelle Atagana Atagana picks 10 companies that are innovative and interesting Choices include an education app , job-finding sites and print-on-demand startup
CNN  -- Union organizers in the South suffered a setback Friday when workers at the Volkswagen plant in Chattanooga , Tennessee , voted against being represented by the United Auto Workers . The vote was 712 against the union and 626 in favor . There are about 1,550 hourly workers at the plant who were eligible to vote . The vote was seen as the UAW 's best chance to organize a nonunion auto plant , because Volkswagen management did not oppose the effort . "  We commend Volkswagen for ... trying to provide an atmosphere of freedom to make a decision , " said UAW Region 8 Director Gary Casteel , who directs the union 's Southern organizing . "  Unfortunately , politically motivated third parties threatened the economic future of this facility . " Organizers faced strong opposition by Republican officials who wanted to maintain Tennessee 's reputation as a non-union state in order to attract new businesses . U.S. Senator Bob Corker , a Republican and former mayor of Chattanooga , praised the ` no ' vote . "  Needless to say , I am thrilled for the employees at Volkswagen and for our community and its future , " Corker said in a statement on his website . Corker had been heavily involved in negotiations with VW that lead the automaker to pick the town for its factory , according to the Senator 's website . The plant , which opened in 2011 , is Volkswagen 's only U.S. plant . But automakers from Asia and Europe have opened more than 30 U.S. plants to serve the U.S. market , and more than two-thirds of those plants are in the South . Volkswagen said it was neutral on the vote , but opponents of the union had also criticized the company for being too welcoming of the union organizing effort . Volkswagen wants to establish a so-called "  works council " at the plant , in which management and hourly workers together come up with ways to make the plant 's operations more efficient . The automaker has works councils at virtually every plant it operates around the world . But there were doubts about whether the council could be set up under U.S. labor law without a union being in place . Volkswagen said it will try to move ahead with a works council , despite the outcome of the vote . "  Our employees have not made a decision that they are against a works council . Throughout this process , we found great enthusiasm for the idea , " said Frank Fischer , CEO of Volkswagen Chattanooga . "  Our goal continues to be to determine the best method for establishing a works council in accordance with the requirements of U.S. labor law . " Union opponents blame the UAW for problems at U.S. automakers , two of which , General Motors and Chrysler Group , needed federal bailouts and bankruptcy reorganization in 2009 . But GM , Chrysler and Ford Motor , the other UAW-represented automaker , are all posting strong profits today . Workers at the VW plant make roughly $ 19 an hour , compared with about $ 26 to $ 28 an hour for veteran hourly workers at the Detroit automakers , although new hires at the unionized plants are making closer to $ 17 . But unionized workers are usually better paid than their non-union counterparts . Labor Department statistics show that the typical weekly wage of a unionized worker in the private sector is $ 892 a week , or a little more than $ 46,000 a year . That 's 20 % more than their nonunion counterparts . Experts suggested that this loss is a serious blow to the UAW 's efforts to reverse the long-term decline in its membership . "  This is a setback that will resonate throughout the South and , likely , around the world , " said Jack Nerad , executive editorial director at Kelley Blue Book . "  In VW the union had management that seemed neutral to positive toward its attempt to organize the plant 's workers , and it still failed to gain certification . The UAW 's attempts to organize other nonunion plants are very unlikely to be greeted with as much cooperation from other manufacturers , so this could mark the end to UAW hopes to gain traction in these nonunion Southern state plants . " As far as VW 's hope to have a works council , that will be difficult to set up anytime soon , according to Donald Schroeder , a management-side labor lawyer with Mintz Levin . There ca n't be another union representation election at the plant for at least a year and U.S. labor law has significant barriers to these kinds of labor-management committees without an independent union . "  It will be virtually impossible for them to replicate the kinds of council they have in Germany , " he said .	Union organizers in the South suffered a setback Friday Organizers faced strong opposition by Republican officials in Tennessee Opponents of the union criticized VW for being too welcoming of the union The vote was 712 against the union and 626 in favor
CNN  -- The Internet can get pretty overwhelming sometimes . If you 're like me , there are days when it feels like you ca n't stay on top of the endless stream of media . It seems impossible to discover the best content in all that noise . But today offers a rare opportunity to slow down . It 's a chance to reflect on 2012 's biggest news events and see some of the best first-person stories , photos and videos that came out of those moments . We 're revealing the 3rd Annual iReport Awards nominees -- 36 examples of citizen journalism at its finest . The nominated stories paint an intimate portrait of the topics and events that dominated the news cycle last year . A 10-year-old boy describes what it 's like to live with autism . Beautiful photographs capture the sense of wonder among a crowd watching a Mars Curiosity rover broadcast . A personal essay recounts the horror of escaping the Aurora , Colorado , movie theater where a mass shooting took place . Journalism has been forever changed -- I 'd argue for the better -- thanks to the fact that people can interact with media organizations and share their opinions , personal stories , and photos and videos of news as it happens . This year 's nominated iReports are prime examples of how participatory storytelling can positively affect the way we cover and understand the news . People around the world posted more than 100,000 stories on CNNiReport.com last year . Out of that , 10,789 were vetted for CNN , which means they were fact-checked and approved to be broadcast on CNN TV or featured on CNN.com . And over the past few months , the iReport team and a panel of CNN producers sorted through all those stories to select 36 nominees in six categories : Breaking News , Original Reporting , Compelling Imagery , Personal Story , Commentary and , new this year , In-depth Storytelling . Finding and curating notable stories is an essential component of iReport 's success . The contributions we approve on a daily basis are backed by CNN reporting , and we love nothing more than helping those stories reach an even wider audience . The iReport Awards -- now in their third year -- give us a chance to celebrate those extraordinary efforts of the citizen journalists who produced them . This year , for the first time ever , we 'll also honor examples of standout citizen journalism and participatory storytelling that happened outside of iReport in a special section we 're calling Excellence on the Web . Those honorees will be revealed along with the iReport Award recipients on May 14 . Just as notable as the stories themselves , though , are the people behind them . While some of the nominees are aspiring journalists or filmmakers , many are regular people who simply felt compelled to share their stories with the world . They include Adele Raemer , an English teacher living along the Gaza Strip , who shared her feelings of fear and frustration after rocket attacks between the Palestinian territories and Israel ended a cease-fire . Her first-person take on the conflict offers more emotion than any news report could . And when the Newtown , Connecticut , school shootings left people all over the U.S. and world struggling to find words to cope with the tragedy , Richard Huffman reacted through action instead . The retired police officer cut up his National Rifle Association membership card on camera , in a simple yet powerful protest . These are just a few of the incredible iReporters nominated in the 3rd Annual Awards . I 'm proud to note that this year 's nominees represent some of the highest-quality stories we 've honored yet , and I look forward to continuing the tradition of celebrating standout citizen journalism in years to come . I hope you 'll take time today to explore the nominated stories . Enjoy the break from the Internet craziness -- I promise it will still be there when you return . How can you participate ? Good question . Go check out the nominees , and make your pick for the Community Choice Award .	We 're proud to reveal the nominees for the 3rd Annual iReport Awards The 36 iReports are examples of top community journalism and participatory storytelling For the first time , CNN will honor the best citizen reporting outside of CNN iReport The recipients of the iReport Awards will be announced on May 14
CNN  -- Jamie Ordonez is one of the lucky retail employees who will enjoy Thanksgiving Day without having to rush to work . But a brother-in-law who works at Medieval Times is n't as lucky . The Lyndhurst , New Jersey , castle is open for a 5 p.m. show on Thanksgiving Day , which means Ordonez 's family is eating dinner around noon to accommodate his schedule . And , it 's not the only Thanksgiving Day joust on the calendar ; shows are scheduled in all nine Medieval Times castles in North America , with most offering discounted tickets . "  He enjoys his job , and he knows working nights and weekends and some holidays is a part of it , " said Ordonez , a 30-year-old resident of Belleville , New Jersey . "  But it affects his family , too , and it 's not fair to us , either . " It 's the same sentiment behind a handful of petitions , Facebook groups and social media gripes about people being called in to work on Thanksgiving -- not only in retail but in the service industry and entertainment . Ordonez created a petition on Change.org asking Medieval Times to cancel its Thanksgiving and Christmas shows so employees can spend the holidays with their families . "  Your employees , from servers , to performers and management , come together five days a week as a team to bring a great show to your patrons . Do you not feel that your hard working employees deserve these holidays to spend with their families ? " she said in the petition , which has earned nearly 2,500 signatures since launching in late October . Medieval Times did not respond to repeated requests for comment . The petition is one of several on Change.org this year challenging what 's known as the "  Black Friday creep " into one of the busiest shopping days of the year . While most of the petitions target retailers , Ordonez 's petition highlights the plight of nonretail workers who also work on Thanksgiving . Other petitions target malls and shopping centers on behalf of retail employees as well as maintenance and security workers who also have to report to work on holidays . It 's no surprise why businesses keep opening early . The National Retail Foundation expects shoppers to spend $ 602.1 billion in November and December , a 3.9 % increase from last year 's holiday shopping season . But , just as the creep gets earlier each year , with Kmart announcing plans to open its doors at 6 a.m. and others opening later in the day , consumers began rallying earlier this year . You 've probably seen the evidence on Facebook , with friends pledging to "  Say No To Shopping on Thanksgiving " through badges on their walls and in profile pictures starting in October . The eponymous Facebook group responsible for the badges launched in mid-October , earning more than 40,000 likes in less than a month . Shoppers pledge to boycott Black Friday Thursday Their motivations tend to intersect around fighting "  corporate greed " and "  reclaiming Thanksgiving " for families . Posts on the page refer back to the "  good old days " when stores were closed on Thanksgiving and holiday shopping sales did n't start until after Thanksgiving . It 's a cause that Jim Sullivan of Watertown , Massachusetts , feels passionately about even though his shopping options are limited thanks to Massachusetts blue laws that restrict business openings on holidays . What bugs him are the Christmas decorations and holiday sales that start well before Thanksgiving has even begun . "  Retailers are doing an end run around Thanksgiving , extending Christmas back because that 's the mercantile holiday , " said Sullivan , a fan of the Say No To Shopping on Thanksgiving Facebook page . "  They 've found out that you really ca n't sell much through Thanksgiving itself . The most you can sell is the bird . " Sullivan says he is doing what little he can by pledging not to shop on Thanksgiving and encouraging others to do the same through his own Facebook group , Thanksgiving Comes First , which has more than 1,110 followers . The goal is n't to "  bring big corporations to their knees , " he said wryly , but to postpone holiday shopping until after Thanksgiving . "  I 'm not looking to do anything serious or harmful to the American economy , I 'm just looking to scale it back , " he said . Ordonez is also realistic about her goals . The Medieval Times shows will go on this Thanksgiving , and a show is still scheduled for Christmas Day , which has become the new focus of her efforts . "  It 's not retail , it 's not an essential business , " she said . "  Why ca n't they have one day off ? "	Sentiment grows online against working on Thanksgiving New Jersey woman creates Change.org petition asking Medieval Times to cancel shows Facebook group "  Say No To Shopping on Thanksgiving " has more than 40,000 followers National Retail Foundation expects holiday shoppers to spend $ 602.1 billion
CNN  -- Trafficking of children and human organs is occurring in the aftermath of the earthquake that devastated parts of Haiti , killed more than 150,000 people , and left many children orphans , Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive said Wednesday . "  There is organ trafficking for children and other persons also , because they need all types of organs , " Bellerive said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . He did not give specifics , but asked by Amanpour if there is trafficking of children , Bellerive said , "  The reports I received say yes . " Haiti is trying to locate displaced children and register them so they can either be reunited with other family members or put up for adoption , Bellerive said . But , he said , illegal child trafficking is "  one of the biggest problems that we have . " Many groups appear to be legitimate , "  but a lot of organizations -- they come and they say there were children on the streets . They 're going to bring them to the -LSB- United -RSB- States , " he said . Bellerive said he 's trying to work with embassies in Port-au-Prince to protect Haiti 's children from traffickers . "  Any child that is leaving the country has to be validated by the embassy under a list that they give me , with all the reports , " he said . Speaking at his temporary headquarters in a police station near the Port-au-Prince Airport , Bellerive said the first thing Haitian officials seek to confirm is whether the children have adoption papers before they leave the country . In Washington , the State Department said Wednesday it is moving cautiously on the issue of adoptions from Haiti . "  We want to be sure that when a child has been identified , that due diligence has been done to make sure that this is truly an orphan child and not a child that actually has family , " said State Department Spokesman P.J. Crowley . "  Sometimes if you push too hard , too fast there can be unintended consequences . So we are being very , very careful . " "  We respect the sovereignty of Haiti and their right to control the departure of Haitian children . So we think the system that has been established is working effectively . I know there is a perception out there of ` cut through the red tape . ' But there are very good reasons we want to make sure this process works well , " Crowley said . On the broader issue of Haitian children , Bellerive told Amanpour the government will reopen schools Monday in most of the country . He said there were particular problems in Port-au-Prince . "  We can not open one school and not the other . But some of the schools want to operate right now . They say if there are tents -- if there are facilities and we can help them -- they are willing to open very rapidly . " Bellerive also highlighted the critical importance of getting enough tents and shelters to Haiti before the rainy season begins in May . He said he did n't know where all the tents promised by aid agencies and governments are . "  We have reports that they 've already sent 20,000 tents maybe , and 20,000 more are on the way . But yesterday , when we did n't see the tents and we did n't see any action to organize the shelters , the president himself asked to see the storage place and we only counted 3,500 tents . " Bellerive said President Rene Preval asked for 200,000 tents to house between 400,000 and 500,000 people . "  We are very preoccupied about the consequences of all those people on the street , if it starts to rain . " The prime minister also rejected criticism from within Haiti and overseas that his government needs to be more visible to the Haitian people . "  We are in charge . Frankly I do n't understand what that position is that we are not visible , " he said . "  I almost feel that I spend more time talking to radio , television , than I am working . " "  I know it 's part of my job and I have to communicate . But I really feel that I have spent too much time doing that . " Bellerive also said he does not believe it 's necessary to relocate the capital to another part of Haiti . "  I have to wait for technical and scientific evaluation , but from what I 've heard until now , Port-au-Prince will stay there . " "  Tokyo is still there , Los Angeles is still there . We just have to prepare a better constructed Port-au-Prince , a safer Port-au-Prince , " he said . He also acknowledged the need for more transparency and new procedures to prevent corruption in Haiti . But he said 70 to 80 percent of the aid coming to the country right now does not go through the Haitian government . Bellerive said about 90 percent of American aid , for example , goes through non-governmental organizations . "  They are accountable to the American government , but not to the Haitian government , " he said . The prime minister told Amanpour that he does not believe people overseas are helping Haiti out of a moral obligation . "  I believe it 's a more pragmatic responsibility , " he said . "  I believe Haiti could be an interesting market in the midterm . We are 10 million -LSB- people -RSB- here and it 's a market . "	NEW : Government working to protect children from traffickers , Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive says NEW : Bellerive rejects criticism that government not visible enough to Haitian people NEW : Bellerive says government will reopen schools Monday in most of the country Haiti is registering children so they can be reunited with family or put up for adoption , he says
Oxnard , California  CNN  -- A few years ago , during one of his lowest points , Ronney Jenkins decided to play a game of Russian roulette . He pointed the metal barrel of a gun at his head , he said , as one ominous click followed another . Eventually -- inevitably -- the gun discharged . What followed was both improbable and lucky : The bullet sailed over Jenkins ' head and lodged into the wall behind him . "  It 's scary . I think about it all the time , " said Jenkins , 36 , wringing his hands as he recalled one of his two suicide attempts . "  The way it happened , it clearly was n't my time ... it was n't my time to go . " Jenkins , a former running back and kick return specialist in the National Football League , might look at that episode as something to forget -- except that the same dark thoughts , at times , still overwhelm him . In the 11 years since he retired from the NFL , Jenkins has dealt with serious cognitive issues : a memory that is feeble at best , crushing depression and rage he can neither understand nor predict . Report : Jovan Belcher 's body exhumed for brain study Jenkins believes that innumerable head impacts during his six-year professional career -- and during the decades leading up to the pros -- explain his struggles . He said that he has tried , in vain , to get help from the league and the NFL Players Association , a union representing players . "  I 've reached out and I 'm not getting too many calls back , " said Jenkins . The game that changed everything Jenkins said the beginning of the end for him , cognitively , began in November 2001 , when he was tackled during a game between his team , the San Diego Chargers , and the Denver Broncos . At the tail end of that tackle , Jenkins ' neck bent so dramatically that the side of his head appeared , for a split second , to lie flat against his chest . At the same time , his head was being burrowed into the ground . After that hit , Jenkins was unconscious for several seconds . When he woke , his memory of who he was or what he had just been doing had vanished , he said . It is unlikely that his brain could have healed from such a traumatic injury , yet he played the following week . "  Players on the other team ... they were not even understanding why I was playing in that game  the next week  , " said Jenkins . "  When you have players from the rival team acting like they 're concerned , it must be something . " First Major League Baseball player diagnosed with CTE With recent NFL rules changes , that scenario is unheard of today . Under the current protocol , if a concussion is even suspected , players are sidelined . But that was not the case in 2001 . And , at the time , Jenkins said he felt he needed to play to keep his spot on the team -- and his income flowing . "  It just seems like there 's an agenda and our well-being is n't a part of that , " said Jenkins . "  The NFL is  changing all these rules and stuff to make it seem like they care but it 's not about changing the rules . "  It 's about when something happens to your players and at the end of their career you need to take care of those who need to be taken care of . " Slippery cognitive slope After that horrifying hit , Jenkins played for four more seasons . During that time , memory problems , along with persistent migraines , would nag him . By the time he retired , Jenkins said a more persistent pall hung over him . "  Everything was getting worse , " said Jenkins . "  My sleep was getting worse , my moods were getting worse . I 'd never been that guy to just be angry . I never showed that type of behavior , and it just got worse . " Curtis Richardson , Jenkins ' cousin , said he has lately received troubling text messages from Jenkins , where he seems to be threatening harm . In one text , Richardson said , Jenkins told him he was going to "  kill " someone he was meeting with at the time . "  Ronney was such a mild-mannered person  before  , very quiet , very shy , " said Richardson , who said Jenkins usually calms down after venting via text . "  For him to go from that , being that shy individual , to an individual texting me that he 's about to hurt someone , that 's where the level of concern really elevates . " Lamar Campbell : Why I 'm donating my brain Before now , Jenkins was understandably reluctant to reveal such intimate details of his emotional life . But he feels that he is on the brink of something terrible . He hears echoes of his own experience in the lives of former players like Dave Duerson , Ray Easterling , and his former teammate and friend , Junior Seau . All three committed suicide and were later diagnosed with chronic traumatic encephalopathy  CTE  , the dementia-like disease that is associated with repeat concussions . Jenkins believes that he , too , is suffering with CTE -- which is associated with the symptoms he has : memory loss , aggression and depression . "  The depression and the rage , " said Jenkins . "  That 's what I notice most . " Jenkins ' self-diagnosis is -- at best -- a guess , since CTE can only be diagnosed after death . But as the behavioral and mental health issues associated with the disease become clearer , former players are emerging to reveal their suspicions the disease is taking hold . Recently , NFL Hall of Fame player Tony Dorsett told CNN that he struggles with memory loss and wildly shifting moods , and that he suspects that CTE is the culprit . "  I look in the mirror and I say , ` Who are you ? ' " said Dorsett during an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . " ` What are you becoming ? ' " Self-diagnoses among former athletes , and nonathletes with a history of traumatic brain injury , may reflect a simple desire to give a name to what ails them . Realistically , there is more than one neuro-degenerative disease that could explain their symptoms -- not just CTE . "  The problem is , people are diagnosing CTE clinically all over the place , " said Robert Stern , professor of neurology and neurosurgery at Boston University School of Medicine , in a recent interview . "  There is no framework to make that diagnosis while someone is alive . " Desperate for help Jenkins found out last year that he is ineligible for the NFL 's neuro-cognitive benefit , a program that could have provided him with financial help for living and medical expenses . He questions how someone who can not think straight , who can not remember what he was about to do or say from moment to moment , who has inexplicable rage , would not be eligible for help . Seau had brain disease that comes from hits to head , NIH finds NFL spokesman Greg Aiello acknowledged that Jenkins has reached out to the organization for help , but that -- as of right now -- he is ineligible for disability programs to which he has applied . Aiello provided documentation of Jenkins ' failure to establish test validity -- meaning his answers to a battery of questions did not prove neuro-cognitive problems . Jenkins has appealed the decision ; the results of his appeal will be revealed by NFL this month . "  They want to help you ... when you 're already done , when you only remember what you did two seconds ago , " said Jenkins . "  I do n't want to get to that point before somebody wants to help me . Just , you know , give me some help . " NFLPA spokesman George Atallah said that when players need help , in every case , the organization responds quickly to provide support . He did not elaborate . Meanwhile , Jenkins said his symptoms are getting worse . "  It 's hard to deal with , it 's a hard subject , just not knowing what 's wrong with you , " said Jenkins . "  Not knowing why these things are happening . "  Your mind just goes crazy . And that 's just where I 'm at right now . " Video : Scan may detect brain disease Watch Sanjay Gupta MD Saturday at 4:30 pm and Sunday at 7:30 am ET . For the latest from Sanjay Gupta MD click here .	Ronney Jenkins says he 's dealt with cognitive issues since retiring from the NFL Jenkins has attempted suicide twice and struggles with depression and rage CTE is a dementia-like disease stemming from repeated head impacts Jenkins says he is desperate for help
CNN  -- One man 's dream voyage is Karl Pilkington 's nightmare . For the Science Channel 's new reality series "  An Idiot Abroad , " the British radio producer  who has acquired an international cult following as funnyman Ricky Gervais ' favorite target  embarked on an all-expenses-paid , seven-country , several-month vacation -- and hated every second of it . "  I kept saying , ' I do n't want to do this , ' but -LSB- Gervais -RSB- was making me go , " Pilkington said . "  I do n't like it . You can have your money back -- but the cameraman 's been paid , the director 's been paid . I could n't get out of it . " The lighthearted travel documentary , originally produced by Gervais and longtime collaborator Steve Merchant for Britain 's Sky TV , follows a reluctant Pilkington to the Taj Mahal , the Great Pyramids and every "  World Wonder " in between . In the show 's first episode , which debuted in the United States on Saturday , Pilkington surveyed the hazy , mountainous Beijing skyline and frowned . The Great Wall of China stretched into the distance . "  Being honest with you , it 's not the ` great ' wall of China , " he said . "  It 's an all right wall . It 's the ` All Right Wall of China . ' " Amid a crowd of photo-snapping tourists , Pilkington did n't hide his bemusement at more than 31,000 miles of historical  but recently renovated  stone . "  Am I missing something here ? " he said . "  So the old stuff 's gone on it , really ? Then it should n't be a Wonder then . " Back in London , Gervais cackled at Pilkington 's candid reactions . "  I do n't know the politically correct term -- moron . He 's a round , empty-headed , chimp-like moron , " Gervais remarked during the premiere episode , which attracted a loyal fan base in the UK in September . "  And he 's a friend . " The show is a "  prank turned social experiment , " Gervais said in the series preview . He and Merchant plotted region-specific activities  like toad chewing , traffic dancing and fortunetelling  to surprise the self-proclaimed recluse and immerse him , deeply and hilariously , in foreign cultures . Science Channel representative Debbie Myers said "  An Idiot Abroad " broke network records for Saturday night ratings . An explosive response on Facebook and Twitter confirmed what Myers expected after the network landed the show for American television in November . "  It 's a monster hit , " she said . "  Karl brings cool , childlike wonder to the places he explores . Viewers can laugh while taking away an important lesson -- he inspires you to travel with your eyes wide open , live the adventure . " Pilkington , who said he 'd rather have a quiet weekend by a beach in Spain or Italy , never wanted to live the adventure . When Gervais and Merchant could n't persuade him to sign on , his girlfriend , Suzanne Whiston , pushed him to step out of his comfort zone . "  I blame her for this , " he said . "  She said I 'd regret passing this up , and I ca n't say no to her . " Much of Pilkington 's reluctance stemmed from Gervais ' habitual teasing . He knew the comedian , who has been his colleague since Pilkington began working on the "  The Ricky Gervais Show " on London radio station Xfm in 2001 , had designed every step of the journey for maximum discomfort . "  Ricky 's always doing things to annoy me , " he said . "  That 's what keeps him alive , I think . Every day . I 'm used to it now . " Of all the places Pilkington visited -- the eight-episode series takes viewers to China , India , Egypt , Jordan , Mexico , Brazil and Peru -- he said Beijing was one of the most bizarre . "  I do n't know what the rules are there , " he said of popular street food . "  I saw a woman eating a scorpion on a stick , and she was normal , was n't a lunatic . Yet there she was , just eating a scorpion . Of all the creatures on the planet , they 're the worst to look at . " Though Pilkington would n't recommend such snacks with exoskeletons , he said straying from "  touristy things " and interacting with locals were eye-opening experiences . "  You see , they 're the same as you , but they do different stuff , " he said . "  At the time , I was n't enjoying that . But now that I 'm back , I think that 's what that is about -- realizing we 're not all so different . " Follow Pilkington on his journey Saturdays at 10 p.m. on the Science Channel .	"  An Idiot Abroad " debuted Saturday on the Science Channel "  Idiot " Karl Pilkington hates exotic traveling , but must explore "  World Wonders " Comedian Ricky Gervais plots activities to shock and scare Pilkington Watch the next episode Saturday
CNN  -- Life is good for actor Brenton Thwaites . When his new movie , "  Blue Lagoon : The Awakening " hits the small screen Saturday , he 'll have to watch it from across the pond . Thwaites is in London filming his next project , "  Maleficent , " opposite Angelina Jolie . Being introduced to the world audience as a romantic lead in back-to-back projects will undoubtedly bring attention to the 22-year-old Aussie with the quick wit and penchant for dropping F-bombs . It 's an interesting mix for a guy who is shy and has no desire to be a heartthrob . Thwaites recently talked to CNN 's JD Cargill about his career , his aversion to fame and why he 'd like some quality time with John McEnroe . JD Cargill : What 's your emotional state like right now ? Brenton Thwaites : My emotional state is pure f ***** g numbness . It 's great , I 'm living my dream ! Cargill : Tell me a little bit about this latest remake of "  Blue Lagoon . " What sort of trouble are you kids getting into in that water ? Thwaites : It 's a modern film , you know . It 's not nearly as hectic as the last one . There 's a lot more controversy and a lot more misty activity in the last one . This one 's about two high school kids who go on a humanitarian trip to Trinidad . They get caught in a storm and get stranded on an island . It 's their journey surviving on the island . But as the journey goes on , they fall in love . Cargill : Based on what I 've seen , the costuming department had it easy on this one . Thwaites : Well , kind of , yeah . We 're both wearing big jackets and beanies and whatever , and then we get thrown into this humid , tropical climate . As one would do if one was in love with a girl and on an island -- I mean , I 'd wear nothing , personally . Unfortunately , Lifetime ca n't show my big . ... Cargill : OK , let 's leave it at that . But speaking of lifetime , they are all about television for women . Are you prepared after this film to be a heartthrob and mobbed by women at every turn ? Thwaites : No way , I 'm going to punch them all out ! No , it 's very flattering and it 's great and it 's part of the industry and it 's part of my job , but I 'm very shy . I have n't had the whole "  famous " thing happen to me yet , and I hope I never will . I like to sneak away in the corners and hide a lot . Cargill : Here 's my one dumb question : If you could be stranded on a desert island with anyone dead or alive , who would it be ? Thwaites : I like this question ! I 'm going to have to ponder it for at least 20 seconds . You know what ? It would be John McEnroe because I believe we could make tennis rackets out of the palm trees and play tennis with the coconuts . And he would get so angry , and it would be so entertaining up close . I 'd be entertained the whole time . Who else ? It 'd have to be an attractive girl . My ex-girlfriend . She would be nice to put in there . That would be a nice trio . Cargill : I noticed you did n't mention Angelina Jolie . Did you like that transition ? Thwaites : Very nice . Cargill : You 're now shooting the new "  Sleeping Beauty " movie , "  Maleficent " with her . Thwaites : People want to know all this stuff about Angelina Jolie . She 's a massive star in this film and she 's such an amazing actress and a great figure in this industry . But my experience with her and all the other stars in the film is quite normal . We rock out and we rehearse and we talk about the scene and we talk about the characters . Everyone kind of voices their opinion and talks to the director and it 's just like any other film . There 's no stardom . All that stuff is left at the front door . We 're all kind of working together to create this cool film . Cargill : It might feel normal now , but I can imagine you beat out some pretty famous names to play the prince . Thwaites : You know , I actually do n't know who auditioned for it , and I 'd like to keep it that way . It 's weird when auditioning for roles , because a lot of my mates go out for the same roles . You do n't want to know that you 're beating someone to the role . I think that 's the wrong attitude to have in this town . No one 's better , just different . They were looking for someone who was exactly like me .	Lifetime has re-spun a 1980s tale with "  Blue Lagoon : The Awakening " Brenton Thwaites co-stars in the reboot He also co-stars in an upcoming film with Angelina Jolie
CNN  -- Parents of children with special needs are demanding an apology from conservative political pundit Ann Coulter for tweeting after Tuesday 's foreign policy debate that she approved of "  Romney 's decision to be kind and gentle to the retard . " It appeared to be a response to critiques of Mitt Romney 's debate performance , but it was n't the first time Coulter used the "  the r-word " during this election season . And , it 's not the first time blogger Ellen Seidman has called her out on it . "  At this point , I 'm thinking the woman must surely be aware that the word is offensive , and she chooses not to care . That 's pretty vile and heartless , " said Seidman , the mother of a special needs child who shares her world on the blog "  Love that Max . " "  You want to slam the president , go ahead . But you ca n't think of any other word to use ? Come on . " Ending the r-word : Ban it or understand it ? The word "  retard " demeans Max and millions more with intellectual disabilities , Seidman tweeted at Coulter . Still , the comment was favorited 1,215 times and earned 2,993 retweets as of this writing , presumably by a number of people who did n't find it offensive . But sentiments from those who chose to respond to Coulter on Twitter ranged from disappointment to outrage . "  You disgust me . That man is the president of this country .  & I 'm sure all of the disabled children in America appreciate you .  , " actor Sophia Bush tweeted . "  Politics aside , this tweet from @anncoulter was offensive & disgusting . ANY use of the "  R " word is unacceptable , " @amurphy217 said . The Special Olympics also condemned her use of the word , saying that it was "  sad to see @AnnCoulter continue her use of hateful language by using the #Rword in her discourse . " In an open letter directed at Coulter posted Tuesday on the Special Olympics blog , John Franklin Stephens , a 30-year-old Special Olympian with Down syndrome , described what the word meant to him : "  I thought first of asking whether you meant to describe the President as someone who was bullied as a child by people like you , but rose above it to find a way to succeed in life as many of my fellow Special Olympians have . "  Then I wondered if you meant to describe him as someone who has to struggle to be thoughtful about everything he says , as everyone else races from one snarkey sound bite to the next . ... Well , Ms. Coulter , you , and society , need to learn that being compared to people like me should be considered a badge of honor . No one overcomes more than we do and still loves life so much . " Even people known for their sense of humor came out against it . Comedian and Twitter personality @UncleDynamite resurfaced a 2-year-old post from his tumblr in which he explained why he would no longer follow anyone he saw using "  the r-word . " He re-posted it after seeing people retweeting and favoriting the tweet , which he found disturbing coming from a a "  well-educated , self-described Christian with such a huge public presence . " He hopes she 'll read it and maybe have a change of heart , but he 's not necessarily counting on it . What do you think of Coulter 's comment ? Sound off with CNN iReport "  Based upon Ann 's tweets today , I 'd say she 's dug in and unrepentant , " he said Tuesday in an e-mail . "  She must not know , love or respect anyone with an intellectual disability , then , and more 's the pity . I 'd like to see her after a great day of volunteering at a Special Olympics or Best Buddies event . I 'd lay odds she 'd never think or say the r-word word ever again , and she 'd probably be quick to anger if someone she heard did so . " Others observing the controversy surmised that Coulter used the word solely to draw attention . "  Guys . Ann Coulter is trolling you . Always . Outrage gives her strength . The only thing that will kill her ? Complete & utter indifference , " @PaprbakPrincess tweeted . Congress banned the use of the words "  retard " and "  retardation " in 2010 in federal health , education and labor laws in favor of using the words "  intellectual disability . " The American Psychiatric Association also plans to replace the term "  mental retardation " with "  intellectual development disorder " in the fifth version of The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , to be published by in 2013 . Then why do people cling to the word , Seidman and people like her wonder . She has posed the question before in her blog , which is probably why she woke this morning to find a slew of tweets and e-mails asking her to call out Coulter again for repeatedly using "  the r-word " to describe President Obama . The last time was just a few weeks ago in a blog post called "  Let 's talk about people who cling to the word ` retard . ' " In the post , she recounted a series of recent examples of the word being used : in a New York Times article , in the comments of a YouTube video she made for the Special Olympics ' annual campaign to end the use of the word , in the comments section of a CNN.com article . She also included Coulter 's last tweet about a video the president made for the National Forum on Disability Issues : "  Been busy , but is Obama STILL talking about that video ? I had no idea how crucial the retarded vote is in this election . " "  Many people think that using the word ` retard ' to slam someone is fineâ $ " as long as it 's not actually directed at a person with disability . I 've had plenty of people argue with me over that distinction . What people do n't understand is that every time someone uses the word ` retard , ' they perpetuate the idea that people with intellectual disability , like my son , Max , are stupid or losers , " Seidman said in an e-mail Tuesday . "  As I 've said before , my son should n't be defined by ghosts of stereotypes past . He has enough to contend with in this world . Use . Another . Word . " Do you use the "  r-word " ? Do you object to its use ? Please share your opinions respectfully in the comments section below . "  Like " CNN Living on Facebook .	Conservative pundit Ann Coulter draws criticism for calling President Obama "  retard " on Twitter It 's not the first time she 's used the word in this election season , special needs blogger says She must know "  the r-word " is offensive and does n't care , Ellen Seidman says
Philadelphia  CNN  Hazel Donnelly was taking her husband to the doctor when they got a call that their apartment building was on fire . Her first thought was about her 17-year-old cat , Kramer . "  I do n't have children on my own , so my cat is like my child . I became hysterical , " said Donnelly , 50 . "  What if  he  did n't make it ? " Once she arrived home , Donnelly implored firefighters to get her cat , but they were busy trying to control the blaze . Then Red Paw Emergency Relief arrived . The nonprofit assists pets and their owners when disaster strikes . Jen Leary , a former firefighter who founded the group , met with building residents and , once the fire was out , retrieved the animals . "  Everyone who received their pets started to cry , " said Donnelly . No one was hurt , but the Donnelly 's apartment had severe damage , and they were n't sure where they were going to stay . Donnelly was thrilled to learn that Red Paw could provide free short-term care for Kramer . "  When  someone  loses everything in a fire , they should n't then be forced to lose their pets -- their family members -- as well , " Leary said . "  Letting them know , ` We 'll take care of your animal like it is our own , ' it means the world to people . " Since 2011 , Leary and her group have provided emergency assistance to nearly 1,000 animals and their families throughout southeastern Pennsylvania . Like the Red Cross , but for animals Several years ago , Leary began working as a firefighter and American Red Cross volunteer . She would often arrive at a disaster scene and see traumatized survivors struggling to care for their pets . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes "  They 'd ask , ` What am I supposed to do with my dog ? Who is going to help find my missing cat ? How is my pet going to get medical care ? " said Leary , 36 . "  There just was n't anyone there to help the other part of the family . " Pets were sometimes taken to shelters or abandoned . The situation broke Leary 's heart . After a devastating fire in 2011 , Leary formed her organization and teamed up with the local chapter of the American Red Cross . Now , whenever the Red Cross responds to a disaster and discovers that an animal is involved , they call Leary . She believes it 's the only partnership of its kind in the United States -- one she hopes to replicate in other cities . Always on call Leary 's group responds 24 hours a day , seven days a week to residential disasters such as fires , gas leaks and building collapses . Leary answers nearly all the calls herself . Her firefighter background gives her unique privileges . "  I 'm allowed into situations that other people might not be , " Leary said . "  Once the fire is out and they 're just hitting hot spots , I 'll talk to the chief , and if they say it 's OK , I 'll go in . " Rescuing animals is only part of what Red Paw does . Through a network of 400 volunteers , boarding facilities and veterinarians , the group provides emergency transportation , shelter , pet supplies and medical care to any pet involved in a disaster -- all for free . Leary 's home is the first stop for most animals that do n't need immediate medical care . They usually stay with Leary for a few days while they get vaccinated , spayed and neutered , if necessary . Then they are moved to foster homes until their families are ready to take them back . The group 's roster of animals has also included rabbits , ferrets , fish , birds , turtles and other reptiles . Reuniting families Red Paw , which runs on donations , provides care for most animals for around 60 days . The group 's caseworkers check in with the owners weekly . When families are reunited with their pets , they receive a kit of supplies . "  Food , cat litter , bowls , medicine , whatever they need , " said Leary . "  We want to make sure that they 're starting off the right way . " If a family ca n't take their pet back , the group will find the animal an adoptive home . Red Paw cared for the Donnelly 's cat for more than three weeks . "  I cried when we were reunited , " said Donnelly . "  They went above and beyond . I am so grateful . " For Leary , helping families and their pets is what her work is all about . "  My hope is that it 's a fresh start , and they can move forward together , " she said . "  After going through such a sad thing , it 's so good to have a happy ending . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Red Paw Emergency Relief Team website at www.redpawemergencyreliefteam.com and see how to help .	Firefighters are often too busy battling disaster to rescue pets Former firefighter Jen Leary founded Red Paw Emergency Relief to help pets and owners The nonprofit rescues , boards and cares for animals until their humans get back on their feet Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Italy 's prime minister vowed Sunday that his country will continue supporting Afghanistan even after combat troops pull out . "  It is important that the relationship between Afghanistan and the international community is modified to reflect the new conditions , but that it does n't stop , " Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti said Sunday in a joint news conference with Afghan Prime Minister Hamid Karzai . NATO leaders are on a timetable to withdraw all of the alliance 's combat troops from Afghanistan in 2014 . "  It will be a presence based less on military contributions , " Monti said . "  It will be a presence based far more on economic cooperation , it will be cooperation on the exploration and use of Afghanistan 's important mineral resources and it will be a cooperation , as it already is in this phase , of institution-building to make Afghanistan an ever more solid country . " Monti met with Karzai after visiting Italian forces on a surprise trip to Herat , Afghanistan , where Italy 's troops there are based . About 4,000 Italian troops are stationed in Afghanistan , according to a tally published by NATO 's International Security Assistance Force on October 8 . At least 49 Italian troops have died in the Afghan war , according to a CNN tally . Sunday is Italy 's Armed Forces Day , which commemorates the end of World War I and honors Italian troops . CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	The Italian prime minister makes a surprise visit to Afghanistan Italian combat troops are scheduled to withdraw in 2014 "  It is important that the relationship ... does n't stop " after troops pull out , he says Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti meets with troops , Afghan Prime Minister Hamid Karzai
CNN  A federal judge in Texas has temporarily blocked President Barack Obama 's executive action on immigration , which has drawn opposition from 26 states across the nation . United States District Judge Andrew Hanen ruled late Monday night to block executive actions Obama took late last year to shield as many as 5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation . In delaying the ruling , Hanen halted Obama 's executive action , ruling that the administration had failed to comply with the Administrative Procedure Act , which calls for the White House to afford a longer notification and comment period before taking action . The White House said in a statement early Tuesday that Obama 's actions "  are well within his legal authority " and that the Justice Department has indicated "  that it will appeal that decision . " "  The district court 's decision wrongly prevents these lawful , commonsense policies from taking effect , " the White House said in a statement . "  The Supreme Court and Congress have made clear that the federal government can set priorities in enforcing our immigration laws -- which is exactly what the President did when he announced commonsense policies to help fix our broken Obama said Tuesday he 's confident that a Texas court 's injunction against his executive order delaying deportations for millions of immigrants will ultimately be overruled , and is preparing to implement the order under that assumption . "  The Department of Homeland Security will continue with the planning because we want to make sure that as soon as these legal issues get resolved -- which I anticipate they will , in our favor -- that we are ready to go , " he told reporters . Attorney General Eric Holder called the ruling just an "  interim step " in a legal process that will take some time to play out . "  This is a decision by one federal district court judge , " Holder said Tuesday at the National Press Club , adding that the Justice Department is reviewing the ruling to determine the next step . Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson , whose department would be responsible for implementing the executive orders , said he "  strongly " disagrees with the judge 's decision . Johnson said his department would comply with the injunction while the appeals process plays out and his department will not launch the DACA expansion on Wednesday , as previously scheduled . "  We fully expect to ultimately prevail in the courts , and we will be prepared to implement DAPA and expanded DACA once we do , " Johnson said . Obama 's decision to act unilaterally in November drew the ire of Republicans who immediately slammed the President 's actions as unconstitutional and conservatives have now been waging a battle in Congress to tie funding for the Department of Homeland Security to killing Obama 's immigration orders . The programs at issue are deferred action programs for undocumented parents of Americans and lawful residents and expansions to the program protecting illegal immigrants who arrived in the U.S. as children -- known as DAPA and DACA , respectively . Neither program had gone into effect . Hanen issued the injunction after concluding that at least Texas has standing in federal court to pursue its lawsuit as Texas "  stands to suffer direct damages from the implementation of DAPA . " He also argues that Obama 's executive action goes beyond the scope of prosecutorial discretion by "  bestowing benefits , " which is more than "  non-enforcement . " "  The Court seriously doubts that the Supreme Court , in holding non-enforcement decisions to be presumptively unreviewable , anticipated that such "  non-enforcement " decisions would include the affirmative act of bestowing multiple , otherwise unobtainable benefits upon an individual , " Hanen wrote . Hanen 's decision Monday came after Texas led 25 other states in a federal lawsuit to stop the executive action , and officials swiftly welcomed the judge 's decision . "  This decision is a victory for the rule of law in America and a crucial first step in reining in President Obama 's lawlessness , " Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement . And Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who has championed efforts in Congress to undo Obama 's executive action , welcomed the news on Twitter , calling the decision a "  HUGE victory for rule of law . " Texas 's senior Sen. John Cornyn , also a Republican , said in a statement Tuesday that the ruling "  reinforces " what he and other opponents have claimed , "  that President Obama acted outside the law . " "  Today 's victory is an important one , but the fight to reverse the President 's unconstitutional overreach is not over , " Cornyn said . "  The President must respect the rule of law and fully obey the court 's ruling . " But the Obama administration and supporters of the immigration orders were quick to counter conservative glee . Obama and his staff have long argued that the President has the legal right to take action , saying he only acted because Congress failed to pass immigration reform . Immigration activists were quick to characterize the court injunction as a just "  a bump in the road . " "  We 've hit a speed bump on the road to the implementation of these programs , but folks should stay the course , get their documents ready , prepare to apply , because the programs will open their doors eventually , " said Karen Tumlin , Managing Attorney of the National Immigration Law Center . Cristina Jimenez , managing director of United We Dream , insisted that the federal ruling would not stand and said Hanen , a conservative appointed by President George W. Bush , "  has become known as an advocate for the harsh treatment of immigrant families . " "  Executive action protecting immigrant youth and parents is solid , " Jimenez said in a statement . "  Judge Hanen 's ruling is not permanent and we are confident that it will be repealed in a higher court . " The Texas-led coalition of states in the legal challenge are Alabama , Arizona , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Kansas , Louisiana , Maine , Michigan , Mississippi , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , West Virginia and Wisconsin . CNN 's Ariane de Vogue and Dave Aslup contributed to this report .	The Obama administration says the Justice Department is expected to appeal the decision Texas Attorney General says judge 's order is "  a victory for the rule of law in America " Immigration activists say they are confident the decision will be repealed
Pope Francis has accepted the invitation of Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput to attend the World Meeting of Families in Philadelphia next year , Catholic News Service reported Friday . It would be the popular pontiff 's first visit to the United States as Pope . The news service , the official publication of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , said Chaput made the announcement Thursday before giving his homily during the opening Mass of the Tekakwitha Conference in Fargo , North Dakota . "  Pope Francis has told me that he is coming , " said the archbishop as he invited his fellow Native Americans to the celebration being held in Philadelphia on September 22-27 , 2015 . Francis has received invitations to visit other places in the United States as well , which he is considering , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi told Catholic News Service . Those invitations include New York , the United Nations and Washington . In a statement , the Archdiocese of Philadelphia said official confirmation from the Vatican for the trip will likely be given about six months before the World Meeting of Families . "  Archbishop Chaput has frequently shared his confidence in Pope Francis ' attendance at the World Meeting and his personal conversations with the Holy Father are the foundation for that confidence , " the archdiocese said . "  While Archbishop Chaput 's comments do not serve as official confirmation , they do serve to bolster our sincere hope that Philadelphia will welcome Pope Francis next September , " the archdiocese added . The Vatican , which does not typically confirm papal trips until several months before their scheduled date , said the Pope has "  indicated his willingness " to visit Philadelphia but has not made "  concrete plans " yet . "  Keep in mind that we are still one year away from the Philadelphia meeting , " Lombardi said in a statement on Friday . A visit by Francis , the first Pope from Latin America , would resonate with the nation 's growing Latin American population . "  The Hispanic population is growing in the United States , and with the vast majority being Catholic , having the first Pope from Latin America come to visit will be very exciting , " said Bishop Thomas Paprocki of Springfield , Illinois . Roberto Suro , a professor of public policy at the University of Southern California , said a U.S. visit by the Argentinian Pope would be symbolically powerful for Latinos -- many of whom have slipped away from the Catholic Church for evangelical sects . "  Latino Catholics have probably seen themselves less reflected in the hierarchy than their numbers might mirror , " Suro told CNN . "  There are more Latino bishops now than a few years ago , but the American hierarchy still reflects the old Catholic Church dominated by the Irish and , to a certain extent , Italians and other people of European origins , " he said . "  Having a Latin American pope who is going to be speaking native Spanish to Latinos in the United States will be the first time they see themselves reflected so powerfully in the church hierarchy . " The U.N. General Assembly generally meets in September , leading to speculation that Francis might combine the Philadelphia trip with a stop in New York to address the United Nations . How to really measure the ` Francis effect ' Pope meets with condemned Christian woman Pope excommunicates Italian mobsters	Trip to Philadelphia would be Francis ' first visit to U.S. as Pope Pope accepted invitation from Philadelphia archbishop , Catholic News Service says Francis ' visit likely to resonate with growing Latino population
Washington  CNN  -- In the wake of the suicide bombing at Forward Operating Base Chapman , new security guidance has gone out to U.S. bases across Afghanistan , U.S. military officials said . The December 30 suicide attack killed seven CIA officers and contractors , along with a Jordanian military officer who was the attacker 's handler . Former CIA official Robert Richer called it the greatest loss of life for the agency since the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , which killed eight agents . A U.S. intelligence official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN on Wednesday the attack was believed to have come on orders from "  the highest levels " of al Qaeda . Bruce Reidel , a former CIA officer who has advised President Obama on al Qaeda , said the attack showed the capacity of terrorists to strike at U.S. targets remained "  very significant . " "  It 's a very , very sophisticated operation , " Reidel said . "  It must have taken a long time to plan and to set up . " In response , U.S. military officials said they were changing procedures . "  Suffice it to say that after any serious incident we evaluate the circumstances , think through the threat implications given our current practices and disseminate guidance to the field if adjustments are necessary , " a senior military official said . The official would not describe the new security procedures because "  we do n't broadcast the specific changes we 've made to security postures or our intelligence procedures . " A second U.S. military official said the guidance is meant to adjust procedures as quickly as possible on a large scale . "  We do n't want just the military intelligence guys looking out for specific things . We need MPs and ground forces to be aware , " the official said . The official said the security guidance is meant to be disseminated to as wide a group as possible , while more specific guidance on intelligence operations is kept to a much more limited , restricted distribution . The officials had not seen specific guidance on handling sources , but both noted only one week has passed since the incident , and the investigation may not have progressed far enough to produce formal recommendations in that area . One official said the intelligence officers on the ground now know enough details to "  self-correct " procedures . According to sources , the Jordanian suicide bomber was Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi , a one-time militant who then appeared to be helping the United States . Al-Balawi was offering information on the possible whereabouts of Ayman al Zawahiri , the deputy to Osama bin Laden , the sources said , and was picked up outside the base and driven into it without being checked . The sources said al-Balawi detonated the bomb shortly after arriving . The attack shed light on the role of Jordan as a previously covert partner in the U.S. hunt for bin Laden and Zawahiri . "  The Jordanian intelligence service is the best intelligence service in the Middle East and South Asia , bar none , " Reidel said . "  They are far more effective in working against jihadist groups like al Qaeda in Iraq like the al Qaeda core in Pakistan than any other intelligence service . " CNN 's Barbara Starr and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Senior official : "  After any serious incident we evaluate the circumstances " New security guidance has gone out to U.S. bases across Afghanistan , official says Intelligence official : Attack believed to come from "  the highest levels " of al Qaeda Guidance meant to adjust procedures quickly on a large scale , official says
American journalist Steven Sotloff began his last journey into Syria with a surprise gift for his fixer , Yosef Abobaker . It was a small camera . "  Happy birthday ! " Sotloff told his guide , whom Sotloff had befriended a year earlier by interviewing Abobaker 's father about the Syrian civil war . Then came the real surprise for the two men : about 15 masked ISIS gunmen jumped out of three cars and took them captive , beginning a dark tale that eventually led to Abobaker 's release , but ended in Sotloff 's beheading . In an interview with CNN this week , Abobaker provided a detailed account of how he , Sotloff and three armed guards were abducted in Syria by ISIS fighters in August 2013 , but since then , never once did U.S. officials try to interview Abobaker about his first-hand experience with ISIS and its captivity of Sotloff . "  No , nobody tried to contact me and I tried to help . Nobody come to me and ask me any questions from the  U.S.  government ... . Nobody contact me or ask me about their conditions , " Abobaker said in occasionally broken English . "  And they can find me . It 's easy . But , no , nobody tried to contact me . " A Sotloff family representative who kept contact with Abobaker before and after his captivity reiterated the claims , saying U.S. government or security agencies -- who were made aware of the fixer and his connection to Sotloff -- never talked to Abobaker . "  That was one of many mistakes , " Sotloff family spokesman Barak Barfi told CNN . He declined to comment further . Abobaker 's assertions that his abductors were ISIS fighters could n't be independently verified by CNN . FBI officials declined to comment directly on the accusations by Abobaker and Barfi , but asserted they are investigating the Sotloff case . "  The FBI is actively investigating the savage murder of Steven Sotloff at the hands of terrorists and will not discuss investigative details at this time . We are committed to bringing the murderers of Steven Sotloff to justice , " said FBI spokesman Paul Bresson . ISIS ' killing of Sotloff shocked the world because it was the second of three videotaped beheadings of Westerners by ISIS since last month . The first was another U.S. journalist , James Foley , last month . Then Sotloff this month . And then British aid worker David Haines , this week . A survivor 's torment Since Sotloff 's decapitation , Abobaker has agonized over the fate of his journalist-friend and the fortune of his own release , as well as that of his brother and two cousins who went along as armed guards . "  I was very angry , and after that I calmed down and was so , so sorry , " Abobaker said in an interview conducted in Turkey . "  I put message on Facebook  to  tell his mother I am so sorry ... . I did my best to save him ... . My feeling is so sorry , like I lost my brother . "  He was nice man and good heart I just wish he can rest in peace now , " Abobaker added . Abobaker blamed a guard on the Turkey-Syria border for possibly betraying Sotloff 's whereabouts to an ISIS contact . CNN contacted other journalists who worked with Abobaker , and they said he was an established fixer with a good reputation . "  I think maybe one guard from the border , they call him on the radio , and he said he 's moved from here , you can wait for him : He has this kind of car , " Abobaker said . Conscious of security , he did n't use his car that day and instead borrowed one , he said Their harrowing abduction by ISIS occurred just 20 minutes after Sotloff , Abobaker and his relatives as aides entered Syria , on August 4 , 2013 , Abobaker said . How it began The moment the journalistic team entered Syria , Abobaker called Barfi to confirm the group was inside Syria . Barfi was staying in a hotel in Turkey . When asked why he did n't travel with Sotloff into Syria , Barfi told CNN that "  I can not go into details about that . " This trip was n't the first time that Abobaker worked as a journalistic "  fixer " -- or a jack-of-all-trades guide who does translations and arranges interviews . He had 18 months of experience working with at least 100 other journalists , and he was charging Sotloff about $ 80 a day , he said . Abobaker had also been a rebel fighting for four or five months in Syria with the Tawheed brigade , a moderate Islamist faction . He even got married in his combat fatigues in Aleppo , with comrades firing their weapons in celebration , in February 2013 . That was six months before his ill-fated encounter with ISIS . When the masked ISIS gunmen confronted Abobaker and his charges , Abobaker pulled out his gun , but he saw he was vastly outnumbered . "  We were four people , and they are 15 , " Abobaker said . "  We do n't have any chance to defend  ourselves  . " How many more Western captives is ISIS holding ? Knowing all the roads The ISIS gunmen took Sotloff and his retinue to a textile factory on the outskirts of Aleppo , and that was the last time Abobaker saw Sotloff . The captives were told to close their eyes , and one captor hit Sotloff with a gun and told him do n't look , Abobaker said . "  I know all the roads . I know if they turn 500 meters , they turn left , they turn right ... , " Abobaker said . The captives were held individually in separate rooms , and Abobaker overheard one captor asked Sotloff for his passport , Abobaker said . At first , Abobaker did n't know who the abductors were because they had accents from Morocco , Libya and Algeria , he said . As days passed , he wondered whether he would survive the Islamic extremists waging war in Syria and northeastern Iraq in a quest to create a caliphate . "  Sometimes I say they will kill us all because I work with people from outside , " Abobaker said . After 15 days of captivity , Abobaker , his brother and their cousins were freed by their abductors . "  They ask me , do you know who we are , and I said , yes , I think you are ISIS , " Abobaker said . "  And they said , yes , we should kill you . You are spy and work with America and CIA and FBI , but we leave you now because you work with  Tawheed  , because I have papers ... . But if we hear you work with journalist again , we will kill you for sure . " Sotloff 's family believes ISIS paid as much as $ 50,000 to rebels who alerted the militant group that the journalist had entered Syria , Barfi said . Sotloff 's family accuses ISIS leader of violating Islam with execution Apprising Sotloff 's family Once liberated , Abobaker met Barfi several times to give him details about the abduction , Abobaker said . Later , Abobaker often traveled between Turkey and Syria , and he sometimes asked other former captives of ISIS "  if they know information about any journalist , " Abobaker said . "  I go back inside  Syria  , and I try to make information , " he added . In fact , Abobaker heard one account that Sotloff was moved from the textile factory to an industrial center , also outside Aleppo , he said . He then heard another unsubstantiated account that Sotloff was moved again , this time to the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa , he said . A year passed , and then Abobaker finally saw the news on the Internet . Sotloff -- the journalist and one-time bearer of a birthday gift -- was barbarically killed by an ISIS executioner masked in black . "  I send message to world to say it 's not really Islam , " Sotloff said of the ISIS killing . "  They are liar . I say that to all the people . They are not Muslims . " Abobaker says he has now moved all of his family from Syria to Turkey . Two months ago , he became a father for the first time . Sotloff has final word at his memorial service	Sotloff fixer Yosef Abobaker says U.S. officials never interviewed him about ISIS FBI says it "  is actively investigating the savage murder of Steven Sotloff " Abobaker says masked ISIS gunmen outnumbered him , Sotloff , three armed guards Abobaker believes a border guard informed ISIS about Sotloff 's location
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- When Ahmed Jama decided to leave behind the successful restaurant he 'd started in London to open a new one in one of the world 's most dangerous cities , his hometown of Mogadishu , reactions ranged from surprise to scorn to straightforward questioning of his sanity . "  A lot of people think that I am a crazy guy , " says the Somali chef , his wiry figure looming over roasting pans full of vegetables and meat inside his downtown Mogadishu eatery . "  When I opened this restaurant they could not believe it , " he remembers . "  When I came here and bought the land some people told me , ` you are not coming back , come back when you 're ready ' -- I said , ' I am going to build it soon . ' " And he did . A risk taker , in 2008 Jama chose to open his first Somalia-based restaurant in Kilometer Four , a dangerous area in Mogadishu where battles would often rage between various factions fighting for control of the city . "  That is the only reason I opened it , " says Jama , who grew up in Mogadishu before heading to the UK to study culinary arts . "  If I do , people are going to see ; they are going to say , ` he has done it , why are we not doing it ? ' " Read this : Holidays in Somalia , anyone ? Jama realized that , despite more than 20 years of conflict , there was money to be made here . And now , five years on , Jama owns not one but five popular restaurants across the Somali capital , all of which sell fresh local foods to its growing middle class . But Jama 's bold move was spurred on by more than just profits . His mission was to give his fellow countrymen , who 'd been scarred by years of war , something greater than just good food . He wanted to offer a taste of normal life and a sense of hope for the future . "  The only reason why I came here is to change the lives of the people who do n't have somewhere to work and people who have been locked indoors and they do n't have anywhere to go and socialize , " says Jama . "  Basically , what I am looking for is to show them , ` yes , you can laugh when you finish work , university , office work , wherever you are , you have somewhere to go . ' " War-torn Mogadishu has for decades been known for the lawlessness and poverty governing its streets . But today , things are starting to change as hope gradually returns to parts of the East African country . With increased security and stability , for the first time in a long time Mogadishu is beginning to open for business . International and regional flights are on the rise , real estate is booming and at the seaport , the country 's key national asset , there is a frenzy of activity as commercial ships and boats line up in the harbor carrying goods for import and export . Part of this rising business activity is Jama 's chain of restaurants , all called "  The Village , " that dot the city . The chef and restaurant owner is just one of a growing number of Somalis who , after years abroad , are now returning to be part of their country 's economic renaissance . "  I wanted to reach where no one has ever reached before and I just wanted to show the world , everyone , that for Somalia this is a time we can take more and remove that dangerous label and to show them that we need help , " says Jama . "  To show them this is time for peace and for living . " Read this : Rappers defy bullets for Mogadishu concert From his eatery in the heart of Mogadishu to his seafront restaurant in Jazeera beach , Jama 's establishments are known as the go-to places in a city that was mostly off limits until recently . Now people gather here to meet friends , eat freshly made Somali food , sip cappuccino and even smoke a pipe of flavored tobacco , albeit discreetly . "  Here it is a beautiful place to come over the weekends , " says local client Ali Ahmed . "  It 's beautiful to come out and sit and eat food at the restaurant . " The relatively peaceful business environment in Mogadishu is propped up by African Union security forces . They 've been able to squeeze out the Al-Qaeda linked militant group Al-Shabaab from the city . But the insurgents seeking to impose strict Islamic rule still launch sporadic terror attacks . Last year , suicide bombers attacked one of Jama 's restaurants , killing several people . "  People get into my restaurant feeling like they are going out ; they have somewhere to sit and have a nice ice cream , have a nice coffee , lobsters too -- there is all of that that makes people come to my restaurant . But politicians and Al-Shabaab they do n't like each other -- that 's what makes them target my restaurant , " says Jama . Despite the danger , Jama is undeterred . He sees his restaurants as more than just somewhere to eat . He sees them as providing hope and has no regrets for leaving the comforts of his life in London to start a business in his country . "  I know why I have done it and I want the people to feel that this is what we need to  make things  change , " says Jama . "  My dream is to have tourism and travel holidays , a mixture of people -- white , black , everyone -- coming on holiday  to Mogadishu  . That 's my dream . "	Somali chef Ahmed Jama owns five restaurants across Mogadishu He left his successful cafe in London to start a new business in his hometown Jama says he wanted to give his countrymen a taste of normal life Growing numbers of Somalis come back to be part of their country 's renaissance
Okaloosa Island , Florida  CNN  -- If you live in Okaloosa County , Florida , or Destin on Florida 's Emerald Coast and are wondering who 's going to be calling the shots if black crude oil comes ashore -- wonder no more . It wo n't be the federal government . "  I think there 's a fundamental flaw in the federal response , " said Dino Villani , the county 's public safety director . "  When you 're down in the trenches trying to respond like we are , it does n't work , " he said . The Okaloosa County Commission voted unanimously this week to allow their emergency managers to override and overrule federal emergency managers and take on the responsibility of saving the sand and beaches that provide about 50 percent of their economy . Tourist bookings are down about 30 percent this summer , according to local officials . "  This is our home , and in my home I have responsibility to take care of what is necessary around my home , " said Okaloosa County chairman Wayne Harris . "  I certainly do n't expect someone from across the U.S. to come and save the day for us , " he said . But they did wonder if they 'd be going to jail for defying the federal government 's cleanup operation . "  We knew that was the possibility , " Harris said . "  In fact the Coast Guard had told us that , ` Commissioners , if you do that there 's a potential you would go to jail , ' and we said , ` Well , so be it , but we got ta protect our waterways and our people , ' " he said . But on Wednesday , the National Incident Command told the county it could take control of the defense of its shores . "  We 're not looking to get into an argument , but there is an overriding federal interest in those waterways , and the safety of those waterways is the responsibility of the Coast Guard , " said Adm. Thad Allen , the national incident commander . "  We need to sit down , have open dialogue and conversation to arrive at effects we want to achieve , " he said . So far , the area on Florida 's panhandle has seen only weathered oil in the form of tar balls and tar mousse , but Okaloosa County , along with the city of Destin , have agreed to move forward with a unified plan to protect their beaches and waterways . They say they 'll be spending about $ 5 million per month to protect their land , and they have one message to the feds . "  Have our backs . Let us go out and do our jobs , " Villani said . "  We 've got to protect the public , " he said . Florida had the luxury of being able to sit on the sidelines for a while as the gushing crude meandered around the Gulf of Mexico , plaguing beaches in Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama . With constant criticism of the Obama administration 's response to the spill , this small part of Florida may have just opened a political can of worms , especially if oil begins to push east . Will other counties also want to take over their local battles against crude ? "  I certainly hope they do , " Harris said . "  That 's what you 're paid for or that 's what your responsibilities are when you are the leader . "	Okaloosa County commissioners say they are responsibly for their county Commissioners voted to allow county managers to overrule feds Commissioners know they could go to jail Adm. Thad Allen : "  There is an overriding federal interest in those waterways "
CNN  -- If not for the Bible , the bullets would have gone right through his heart . A public transit bus driver in Dayton , Ohio , was attacked by three teenagers early Monday morning after his bus broke down on the side of the road , police told CNN affiliate WHIO . Rickey Wagoner , 49 , was shot three times at point-blank range and stabbed in the arm , but survived because both bullets aimed at his chest were stopped by a New Testament devotional Bible in his front pocket , according to WHIO . The third bullet struck him in the leg . "  There was obviously some kind of intervention involved in this incident , because he probably should not be here , " Dayton Police Sgt. Michael Pauley told WHIO . Wagoner told police he believes the assault was part of a gang initiation . Wagoner said he heard one suspect tell another that he needed to "  kill the polar bear " in order to be "  all the way in the club , " according to WHIO . Dayton police , however , said it was too early in the investigation to draw any conclusions about the motive . During the attack , Wagoner told police , he used an aluminum pen from his pocket to stab one of the teenage boys in the leg , according to WHIO . The suspects dropped the gun and fled as Wagoner picked up the weapon and opened fire . Wagoner was transported to a hospital and was being treated for a bullet wound to the leg , among other injuries , according to WHIO . His injuries are not life-threatening , police said . Police were searching for the three male suspects . The condition of the book , which police described as a religious devotional entitled "  The Message , " was unknown . "  The Message " is a translation of the Bible into contemporary language by Eugene Peterson . Cell phone stops bullet aimed at gas station clerk	Rickey Wagoner , 49 , is shot by three teenage suspects , police say New Testament devotional in Wagoner 's pocket stops two shots Police are still looking for the suspects
CNN  -- The U.S. government warned consumers Sunday to avoid oysters from San Antonio Bay in Texas after investigators found the oysters caused a highly contagious virus . Consumers who bought San Antonio Bay-harvested oysters on or after November 16 should throw them away , the Food and Drug Administration announced . The agency also advised restaurant managers and grocers not to serve or sell the Texas oysters . About a dozen cases of norovirus-related illnesses in North Carolina and South Carolina were "  definitely linked " to oysters recently harvested from the San Antonio Bay , FDA spokeswoman Rita Chappelle told CNN . Texas ' health department has already recalled all oysters harvested from the bay between November 16 and November 25 , the health department said in a statement on its Web site . San Antonio Bay has also been closed to commercial oyster harvesting , the statement said . Texas authorities are still investigating how the oysters were contaminated and where they were distributed , Chappelle said . Noroviruses cause gastroenteritis , also known as the stomach flu . They are highly contagious , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Aside from contracting the virus from food or drink , one can become ill by touching contaminated surfaces and then their mouth , or by coming into direct contact with an infected individual . Symptoms associated with the virus include nausea , vomiting , diarrhea and stomach cramping . Affected individuals often experience low-grade fever , chills , headache , muscle aches and fatigue . The illness typically lasts one to two days according to the CDC . Anyone who ate the now-recalled oysters and who are now showing symptoms of norovirus should see a doctor and contact the local health department . CNN 's Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report	U.S. government warns against eating oysters from Texas ' San Antonio Bay Oysters contaminated with highly contagious noroviruses , which cause stomach flu Texas authorities are investigating how oysters were contaminated
CNN  -- The wife of Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. detailed to a Chicago newspaper her husband 's "  collapse " and his last two months getting treated for gastrointestinal and mental health issues , saying he 's still "  very depressed " though showing some progress . Sandi Jackson , an alderwoman in Chicago , talked with the Chicago Sun-Times shortly after returning from visiting her husband at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , with their two children . "  What I can tell you is my husband has his good days and bad days , and they are increasing his depression medication to therapeutic levels , " Sandi Jackson told the paper . The Illinois Democrat and son of the Rev. Jesse Jackson , the civil rights leader , has not been on Capitol Hill since late May . In early July , the congressman 's office announced he was "  receiving intensive medical treatment at a residential treatment facility for a mood disorder . " Then , a few weeks later , his office issued another statement via the Mayo Clinic indicating that he was undergoing an "  extensive inpatient evaluation for depression and gastrointestinal issues " at the prestigious medical facility . Besides such statements , Jackson and his family have been largely mum about his ordeal . His father did tell the Huffington Post , in a taped interview , that about "  seven or eight weeks ago " he went to visit his son in Washington and learned he had n't slept in three days . "  We went to the hospital , and they kept him , " the Rev. Jackson told the online news website . "  And what we thought to be ` exhaustion ' was something much deeper , much broader , and it lasted much longer . " Sandi Jackson elaborated on what happened to the Sun-Times ' Michael Sneed , calling the congressman 's "  collapse " on June 10 at the family 's Washington residence as "  D-Day for us . " By then , she said , her husband was "  completely debilitated by depression . " Beating back rumors , Sandi Jackson denied firmly that her husband had attempted suicide or was receiving help for alcohol or drug addiction . She also said the indictment of his friend , Raghuveer Nayak , had no bearing since it happened June 20 , after the family imposed a "  news blackout " on Jesse Jackson Jr. as he got treatment . Medical experts are still weighing whether a recent weight-loss surgery might have helped trigger his depression , his wife said . With Sandi Jackson at the family 's other home in Chicago , the congressman 's father and brother Yusef took him to a Washington hospital in early June . Some time later , Yusef Jackson brought his brother -- at Sandi Jackson 's suggestion , she said -- to the Sierra Tucson Treatment Center in Arizona because that facility specializes in mental health . Eventually , it was decided to transfer him to the Mayo Clinic . "  Jesse is now gaining weight and eating and feeling better in that sense , but he is still very depressed , " Sandi Jackson said of his current condition , adding that he has his "  ups and downs . " "  But I am encouraged by the number of tests they are running and the quality of the analysis . " She said there 's no timetable on when he might return to work -- including whether he 'll be back at work by Labor Day and perhaps at the Democratic National Convention in early September -- adding "  it 's up to the doctors ... but we should know soon . " Jackson 's illness comes as the House Ethics Committee is examining allegations that in 2008 he or or one of his associates offered to raise funds for then-Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in exchange for Jackson being appointed to the Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama after he was elected president . The congressman has maintained his innocence and pledged to continue to cooperate with authorities . Blagojevich was convicted last year on corruption charges in connection with his efforts to profit from appointing the successor to the Senate seat . He began serving a 14-year sentence in March . In a separate incident , Jackson apologized to his constituents in September 2010 after the Chicago Sun-Times reported a Chicago businessman told federal investigators that Jackson had asked him to pay for a restaurant hostess to fly between Washington and Chicago several times . He said he was "  deeply sorry " that he had disappointed some supporters .	Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. has n't been at work on Capitol Hill since May His office had announced he 's at the Mayo Clinic for depression and GI issues His wife tells a newspaper her husband collapsed and had "  debilitating " depression "  My husband has his good days and bad days , " she says after a recent visit
CNN  -- Like the six other former captives who have been through the Army 's reintegration program at Brooke Army Medical Center before him , daily life for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is focused on routine . He rises , eats and sleeps on a "  normal schedule " and lives in a "  typical " room at the huge hospital facility on a floor he shares with other patients . What is n't typical is the security presence outside his door . The reason , says Col. Hans Bush , command spokesman for U.S. Army South , is not to keep the returnee in , but "  to make sure he does n't get overwhelmed in a social setting . " In other words , the goal is to prevent someone unwanted by either Bergdahl or his reintegration team from entering . The medical center has a staff of hundreds , but America 's newest and perhaps most controversial returnee interacts daily with a very small , intimate circle numbering less than a dozen . One of the most important parts of his routine is storytelling . The returnee personally recounts all that happened from the moment he left the security of his post in Afghanistan , though the five years he survived in captivity , right up until the day he was freed last month . And for the first time , the person telling that story is Bergdahl himself . The listeners are a small group of professionals including a SERE  Survival , Evasion , Resistance , Escape  psychologist , members of his medical team and Army debriefers . "  The idea is to take the returnee from former captive all the way through a safe landing , where we have a soldier who can step forward as a soldier and do the next thing the Army calls on him to do , " Bush says . Army general to start investigating how , why Bergdahl left base Bergdahl may be the seventh former captive reintegrated since U.S. Army South was tasked to be the center for assisting them , but he is the first junior enlisted person to go through the program . Previous returnees were either Department of Defense employees or contractors . The program began at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas , in 2006 . "  Daily life gradually expands to cover all things you and I take for granted " , Bush says , "  personal encounters , personal hygiene , recreation/leisure and structure including direction , guidance and instruction  having a leader telling you when and where to do something  . The goal is to provide the returnee the opportunity to make more and more decisions on his own and exercise more personal freedom . " When I ask if Maj. Gen. Kenneth Dahl , the man leading the military 's investigation into how Bergdahl left his post in Afghanistan , had been in touch with the sergeant , I was referred to the Pentagon . Bush would say only that "  investigation is not part of reintegration . " "  Does Sgt. Bergdahl have access to an attorney ? " I ask . "  Legal counsel is available throughout the entire reintegration process , " is the reply . Bergdahl has a long road ahead Previous captives have completed their reintegration in a week to 10 days , but each case is as unique as the conditions of captivity , military experts say , and there have been early suggestions that Bergdahl 's stay may be much longer . Officially , the Army will say only that the length of treatment is "  event-driven , not timeline-driven . " And just where will Bergdahl go after he completes reintegration ? Since he is still an active member of the Army , Bush said , "  He will go where the Army will tell him to go . " Past returnees have gone back to family and back to their places of employment , such as contractors . "  Anyone in a military unit would return to their branch of service . " Bush says . "  In this case , the Army . " Once Bergdahl is cleared to leave San Antonio , the orders for his next destination are likely to come from Human Resources Command at Fort Knox , Kentucky . But Bush says he does n't know if any such decision has been made yet . What is pretty much decided is that unlike his life now , life after reintegration for the 28-year-old probably will be anything but routine . Hagel on Bergdahl deal : ` We could have done a better job '	Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is recovering at a medical center after his release from Taliban Army reintegration program puts a focus on routine Goal is to give him "  the opportunity to make more and more decisions on his own "
Newark , New Jersey  CNN  -- Stopped at a red light in a crime-wracked neighborhood of Newark , New Jersey , a 31-year-old woman watched as her friend slumped to the floor after a bullet smashed through the back window of the 31-year-old 's Pontiac minivan . "  I looked back and there was a gunman walking up on my car , " said the driver , who declined to be named out of concerns for her safety . "  I turned away and he fired two more . " As the shots rang out , she turned the wheel and hit the gas to escape what turned out to be the second fatal shooting that day in Newark , where nearly a sixth of the city 's police force was laid off amid budget cuts about two years ago . And Newark is by no means unique in implementing police cutbacks to save city money . Meanwhile , violent crime soared 18 % nationwide last year , marking the country 's first rise since 1993 , while property crime also spiked for the first time in a decade . "  Hurry up , I ca n't breathe , " mouthed wounded Bronique McLeod , after the gunman unloaded three rounds at the minivan where she was sitting with her friends just before midnight on October 1 . The group then raced toward Newark 's University Hospital , but the 24-year-old mother of two began to lose consciousness . One of the bullets had punctured her lung , her family said later . "  When they got her on the gurney she kept saying ` I 'm dying , I 'm dying , ' " the driver recalled . " ` Please do n't let me die . I have two kids . ' " McLeod hung on until about 3 a.m. the next day , just hours after another victim died in a hail of gunfire in an unrelated incident about a mile away in the city 's South Ward . Her death is one of at least 71 homicides so far this year in cash-strapped Newark , where police say they have reorganized after more than 160 police officers were cut from the force in November 2010 . Last year the city tallied 74 murders through October , while violent crime soared despite earlier drops in the first years of Mayor Cory Booker 's administration . Police expenditures in Newark have since declined every year for the last three years , according to the city 's business administrator , Julien X. Neals , leaving cops to sustain public services with decreasing resources . Analysts say the trend is n't unique . "  Most cities have cut back since 2008 and the recession , though some more than others , " said Gregory Minchak , a spokesman for the National League of Cities . Municipal administrators nationwide have since struggled to fill budget gaps amid declines in state aid , a sputtering economy , high employment and slowly rising costs in things like health care and public pensions . According to the Washington-based cities organization , the effects of the financial crisis are also "  increasingly evident in city property tax revenues in 2012 , " after dropping 3.9 % nationwide last year and thereby bringing in fewer dollars for municipal services . In short , the overall pie has gotten smaller , say city officials who point to the hundreds of public sector layoffs in Newark in 2010 . "  We 've been in process of reducing our expenses pretty aggressively for the last three years , " said Neals , who touted improvements in the city 's tax collection efforts to help with the revenue side of the equation . "  Naturally there 's a period where the rubber hits the road and there 's not that much left to cut . " But last year Newark ended up with an $ 18 million surplus in state aid , prompting Republican Gov. Chris Christie to state that he was n't happy with the city 's 2012 requests for more assistance . "  I do n't need New Jersey 's largest city in any more financial trouble than it 's in already , " the governor told reporters earlier this month , dispatching state officials to "  force budget cuts . " Still , in 2010 , Newark 's mayor said police layoffs were an "  unfortunate situation that was entirely avoidable , " and blamed the cuts on an unwillingness by police unions to negotiate needed reductions in the wake of the financial crisis . Booker said improvements in technologies and partnerships with federal agencies would help in the fight against crime , and pledged to sustain the number of officers patrolling the streets . But city police union vice president James Stewart has argued that both patrols and detective squads have since been reduced , and that "  all the technology in the world wo n't replace the bodies you need to respond to crime " and build proactive policing . Meanwhile , town and city halls in places including Detroit , Michigan ; Jacksonville , Florida ; Kansas City , Missouri ; and Scranton , Pennsylvania , have tentatively put public sector jobs on the chopping block this year to help fill budget gaps . In January , the mayor of crime-ridden Camden , New Jersey , nearly halved its police force while cutting close to a third of its fire department in an effort to close a $ 26.5 million budget deficit . And as America 's fiscal health continues to assume center stage on the campaign trail , how the nation will deal with its debts in the days after November is largely expected to play out in some way on the streets of cities like Newark , Detroit and Camden . A silver lining may be that it 's finally forcing the discussion . "  We 're now having that frank public conversation about what do we want from government and how much do we want to pay for it , " said Brookings Institution fellow Tracy Gordon . Law enforcement typically makes up large portions of most municipal budgets and is often considered a prime target for cutbacks . "  Every department is facing the same kind of issues of downsizing , " said Newark Police Director Samuel DeMaio . "  Everybody has significantly less amount of police officers and you know there has to be a point where that comes to an end . " Newark residents such as Latasha Watson , who was a close friend of McLeod 's , say they 've become frustrated with the response from police , though they are equally disturbed by the so-called "  snitch code " that keeps neighborhood witnesses quiet and away from authorities out of fear of retribution . Newark is listed as one of only a handful of New Jersey cities that maintain gangs with more than 200 members , according to a state survey . "  I know  police  are overwhelmed , " Watson said . "  People are dying but we want cops on the street doing something , " she added . Earlier this month , police arrested a 42-year-old city resident who is suspected in McLeod 's murder .	In cash-strapped Newark , more than 160 police officers were cut from the force in 2010 Analysts say the trend is n't unique -- several cities have cut police forces to save money Meanwhile , violent crime rates soared 18 % nationwide last year In Newark , one senseless street shooting puts the statistics into terms of human tragedy
CNN  -- Last week , the Internet was buzzing with the news that a DNA test of white supremacist Craig Cobb revealed that 14 % of his genes originated in sub-Saharan Africa . The look on Cobb 's face as he received the news ? Priceless . Cobb appeared on "  The Trisha Show " and discussed his plans to create an all-white town for white supremacists in Leith , North Dakota . "  Whites are the highest expression of DNA on the planet , " he said on the show . When Cobb received the DNA results , he wrote it off . "  This is called statistical noise , " Cobb responded . "  Oil and water do n't mix . " Well , apparently we are n't talking oil and water , are we Mr. Cobb ? We 're talking human beings -- and they 've been mixing since the beginning of time . That history is what created the "  one-drop rule " in America : a legal classification that held that anyone with as little as "  one drop " of African or black ancestry was to be categorized as black and treated accordingly . Until 1967 , when it was ruled unconstitutional , the "  one-drop rule " provided the legal and quantitative definition of blackness , and whiteness . So while Cobb might "  look white " today , in 1813 or 1913 , his 14 % African ancestry would have been more than enough to render him black by law . In 2013 , however , the irony of his heritage shows just how nuanced racial identity is beyond skin color . During the period of American slavery , 1619 to 1865 , freedom was predicated on skin color . If you were white , you were free ; if you were black , you were enslaved . But this simple social order soon became complicated by miscegenation ; and with the rampant increase in racial mixing , the lines between white and black , free and enslaved , became more and more blurred . Whites were afraid of losing their control over the enslaved population . They needed to maintain a firm color line . So , state governments began instituting anti-miscegenation laws . Various and varying articulations of the "  one-drop rule " emerged : a classification that held that anyone from 1/8 to 1/16 to 1/32 to any known trace of African or black ancestry was to be categorized as black and treated accordingly . How that "  drop " was measured varied from state to state . The rhetoric of white supremacy not only argued that the races were distinctly different , but also that the black race specifically was inferior , therefore justifying enslavement . Mixing , then , lowered human quality . In order to maintain its superiority , whiteness had to remain pure . So , what it meant to be white was to be free of "  otherness " in general , blackness , specifically . In this way , miscegenation was a threat to the survival of the white race . The "  one-drop rule , " then , became critical in its defense . To be white in America was to be "  pure . " Or was it ? A 2002 study of racial admixture conducted by Penn State University molecular anthropologist Mark Shriver showed that among those who self-identify as white , upward of 30 % have at least 2.3 % African ancestry -- the equivalent of having had three black ancestors somewhere within the previous five generations of their family . What that means , then , is that 30 % of the folks who call themselves white have much more than one drop , including white supremacist Craig Cobb . DNA testing also reveals that somewhere around 60 % of black Americans have white ancestry , Shriver 's study found . Taken together , it 's clear that racial purity is as much a delusion as white supremacy . Blood does not define identity . Although the "  one-drop rule " in many ways serves foundational to black American racial identity , and has functioned to draw borders around the black community as we know it , one drop of "  blackness " -- whatever that is -- does not constitute black identity . Blackness , as an identity and as a lived experience , is much more complex and nuanced than any number of drops on a family tree . Blackness is as much about who creates you as it is about what you make of yourself . So , while I was thoroughly amused by the sight of Craig Cobb 's face when he learned that he , too , is "  of African descent , " I am clear that those DNA test results do not magically make him black ; no number of drops ever could . And blackness is too beautiful to be forced upon people who do n't want it . So no worries , Mr. Cobb , your secret 's safe with me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yaba Blay .	White supremacist Craig Cobb learned that 14 % of his genes originated in sub-Saharan Africa That would make him legally "  black " under America 's one-drop rule , Yaba Blay says The "  one-drop rule " provided the legal and quantitative definition of blackness , and whiteness Blay : Irony of Cobb 's heritage shows how nuanced racial identity is beyond skin color
CNN  -- "  Lee Harvey Oswald shot " "  Man vs. tanks in Tiananmen Square " "  VJ Day in Times Square " If these phrases immediately conjured a distinct image in your mind , you 're in good company . Like you , untold millions of people pictured the same thing . That 's what iconic means . These are the dramatic images that have are embedded in our culture . They have come to define a historical event , a famous person -- or maybe even an entire generation . They 're the proud images you see on postage stamps , like the flag raisings at Iwo Jima and , later , Ground Zero . They are also the images that depict terrible tragedies , such as the Kent State shootings and the Hindenburg disaster . We see these photos reproduced time and time again . So what is it that makes them so iconic ? How did they emerge and stand the test of time ? Or more simply , what makes them so special ? Learn more than you ever knew about "  The Flag " "  I think the most important common denominator is that they strike us on a very deep emotional level , and the emotions are usually some of the deepest emotions that a human being can feel : heroism , fear , grief , joy , " said Peter Howe , whose career has included stints as director of photography at Life magazine and picture editor at The New York Times Magazine . These images appeal to something we all feel , Howe said . "  If you take , for instance , Alfred Eisenstaedt 's picture of the sailor kissing the nurse in Times Square on VJ Day : I think you could take that photograph to any country and any culture and you would get a similar sort of response to the joyfulness of it all , " Howe said . "  Maybe some countries would not like a public display of a woman being kissed by a man in public , but there is a sort of joyfulness about that picture which I think is universally appealing . " Another important characteristic of iconic images is that they capture an exact instant and ca n't possibly be repeated , said John Loengard , a former Life magazine picture editor who has been taking photos professionally for more than 50 years . He said the two most iconic pictures from this century are the hooded prisoner at Abu Ghraib and the falling man from the World Trade Center . "  Those simply upset us to see . We see it immediately , we grasp its significance , it 's an exact moment , " Loengard said . "  The photographs could not possibly be repeated . "  And I think that 's true of the Iwo Jima photograph that Joe Rosenthal took in World War II . It 's true of photographs like Kent State , the guy who was shot and the girl kneeling over him , and ... in Vietnam , the burned girl running down the road and Eddie Adams ' police chief executing a Vietcong prisoner . They 're all pictures that are an exact instant . " Years after they were taken , iconic photographs can help us bring historical events into focus . They can help us to better understand the time period and what the prevailing sentiment was at the time . "  I think in Vietnam , it was opposition to the war , " Loengard said . "  There were many great photographers in Vietnam taking extremely wonderful photographs of combat . But none of them are iconic , I do n't think . ... It was these situations that you simply looked at in the morning and you said : ` That 's not what this country is about . This should n't be happening . We should n't be involved in this . ' " Images can also define how we ultimately view historical figures . Marilyn Monroe 's sultry legacy is often traced back to the shot of her dress blowing up in "  The Seven Year Itch . " And Yousuf Karsh 's portrait of a scowling Winston Churchill -- reportedly caused by Karsh snatching Churchill 's cigar -- cemented Churchill 's reputation as a "  roaring lion . " "  It summed up the leadership qualities that he had in an amazing way and made Churchill even more famous , " Loengard said . For decades , one would usually find these iconic images in a newspaper or magazine . But the digital age -- the rise of the Internet and cellphone cameras -- has changed things forever . "  I think there are probably more pictures being taken now than there have ever been taken in time , " Howe said . "  You just walk around and you see people always taking pictures on their iPhone . There 's a massive visual imagery that is being generated by the public . " That could be a good or a bad thing , depending how you look at it , Howe said . On the positive side , there is more opportunity now than ever for someone to capture an exact moment . And where there once was a significant time lag between when a photo was taken and when it was seen at the breakfast table , now it 's instantaneous . But a potentially iconic photo , Howe said , could be drowned out today by the sheer volume of photos available . "  I think it 's much more difficult now for any particular image to rise to the surface , " Howe said , "  because we are so inundated with visual imagery nowadays . ... You are getting the image so quickly , and it 's being followed up by so many more images afterward . " Before the Internet , media outlets had limited space and had to be more selective with photographs . The scarcity of photos usually gave people more time to absorb the images and put them into proper perspective . But with much more space online , the standards have lowered , said Carol Squiers , curator at the International Center of Photography . Now , it 's not uncommon to see blurry cell phone pictures and poor amateur photographs published . And most cell phone photos still have a long way to go if they 're to going to be considered anything near iconic . "  Right now , it 's pretty hit or miss , " Squiers said . "  It 's pretty haphazard and it 's very much focused on the personal . ` Selfies , ' I 'm sure , far outweigh any other pictures that anybody takes . "  But it 's a process . We 're all undergoing learning experiments with the digital , even though it 's been around for so long . " Squiers cited the recent Boston Marathon bombings as an example when most amateurs and their cell phones fell short of delivering high-quality images . Many photos were taken on the run and came out blurry or crooked . "  It 's very easy to take a picture ; it is not very easy to take a good picture , " Squiers said . "  And it is even harder to take a picture that lasts through time . "	Unforgettable photos often define an event , a person , or even a generation Examples : Kent State shooting , Times Square on VJ Day , Abu Ghraib prisoner Writer : "  Iconic photographs can help us bring historical events into focus " CNN Films ' "  The Flag " tells the story behind the image of firefighters raising a flag at Ground Zero
CNN  -- The race for England 's last two European Champions League places took another twist on Saturday as Newcastle 's sixth successive victory left London 's three leading clubs battling for qualification . Arsenal remained third in the Premier League after drawing 0-0 with sixth-placed Chelsea , but now have just a three-point advantage over Newcastle -- who have a game in hand . Tottenham are a further three points back , one ahead of Chelsea , after crashing 1-0 in a London derby at 10-man Queens Park Rangers -- who moved three clear of the relegation zone . Newcastle had trailed Spurs by 11 points after a 5-0 thrashing in London in February , but Alan Pardew 's team are now hoping to qualify for Europe 's top club competition for the first time since the 2003-04 season . However , the Magpies face a difficult run-in against in-form relegation battlers Wigan , Chelsea , second-placed Manchester City and seventh-placed Everton . On Saturday Newcastle cruised to a 3-0 win over Stoke as midfielder Yohan Cabaye scored twice and also set up striker Papisse Cisse 's 11th goal in 10 league games since signing from Hoffenheim in January . Tottenham could have joined Newcastle on 62 points , but have now won just three times in 13 matches in all competitions since that February clash . Adel Taarabt curled in the only goal with a free-kick against his former club , but QPR 's Morocco midfielder was sent off late in the match for a second booking after kicking the ball away . Harry Redknapp 's Spurs next face two more teams battling to avoid relegation , Blackburn and Bolton , before playing Aston Villa and Fulham . The manager was the favorite to take over the England role earlier this season , but his hopes of replacing Fabio Capello appear to be dwindling after his injury-hit team 's recent downturn . "  We have four games to go and I 'm confident we can win four games . It is all to play for . We are fighting for our lives and fighting for Champions League football , " Redknapp said . Arsenal 's final three matches are against teams in the bottom half of the table -- Stoke , Norwich and West Brom -- but Chelsea 's strong recent form will be tested by an arduous end to the season . It starts on Tuesday with the second leg of the Champions League semifinal away to Barcelona , then a home derby against QPR , the Newcastle game , two matches against Liverpool  the first of which being the FA Cup final  and finally a visit by Blackburn to Stamford Bridge . Interim manager Roberto Di Matteo made eight changes from the 1-0 win over Barca , with goalscorer Didier Drogba missing out due to a knee injury . "  We 've had so many games , it was a crazy schedule -- it was n't going to be possible to play the same players in every game , " the Italian said . Third-bottom Blackburn have tested leaders Manchester United and Liverpool in recent weeks and kept alive hopes of staying up with a 2-0 win over Norwich on Saturday . Wigan could not follow up victories over United and Arsenal , losing 2-1 at Fulham after Philippe Senderos ' late winner to be on 34 points alongside QPR . Bolton dropped to second from bottom despite snatching a 1-1 draw at home to 11th-placed Welsh club Swansea , who are assured of a second season in the top flight . Aston Villa could still go down after being held to a 0-0 draw at home by 10th-placed Sunderland , whose manager Martin O'Neill made a return to his former club . The result left Villa five points above the bottom three , but Bolton have a game in hand -- and have played two fewer matches than Wigan , Blackburn and QPR . Meanwhile , Manchester United will seek to move closer to a 20th league title on Sunday at home to Everton , while City -- five points adrift -- travel to bottom club Wolverhampton . Liverpool , in eighth , host West Brom .	Newcastle win sixth successive game to close gap on third-placed Arsenal Arsenal held to a 0-0 draw by Chelsea , whose top-four hopes are fading Tottenham 's European bid also falters with 1-0 defeat at 10-man QPR QPR move three points clear of the relegation zone with three games to play
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican federales were facing questioning Friday after authorities accused them of opening fire on a U.S. diplomatic vehicle south of the capital . Two U.S. Embassy employees -- described by a senior U.S. government official as U.S. citizens -- were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening wounds ; a member of the Mexican Navy who was with them in the late-model Toyota Land Cruiser suffered light bruises , according to the Navy , which issued a statement giving the following account of events : The incident unfolded at 8 a.m. , as the two embassy employees and the Mexican en route to a military facility in the municipality of Xalatlaco . Some 4 kilometers  2.5 miles  earlier , they had left the main highway that connects Mexico City with Cuernavaca , near the town of Tres Marias , a thinly populated area off the main road . When a vehicle containing Federal Police approached and its occupants brandished their weapons , the driver of the diplomatic vehicle tried to evade them and return to the main highway . At that point , the police sprayed bullets into the black SUV with diplomatic plates . Moments later , three other vehicles carrying Federal Police joined the attack , also shooting at the U.S. Embassy vehicle . By now , the Mexican who was in the embassy vehicle had contacted personnel at a nearby military installation , who arrived after the firing had ended and cordoned off the site . Both embassy employees were taken -- under Federal Police guard -- to a hospital . Photographs of the SUV showed the embassy vehicle pockmarked with more than a dozen holes and at least three of its tires flat . The Federal Police officers involved were being questioned by authorities to establish what happened . They may be prosecuted . In a statement , the U.S. Embassy described the Mexican as a Navy captain and said the three individuals were en route to a training facility when they were ambushed . "  The vehicle attempted to escape , was pursued and sustained heavy damage , " the statement said . "  They called for assistance from the Mexican armed forces , who responded . The two U.S. wounded personnel were taken from the scene , given medical treatment and are in stable condition . The Mexican Navy captain sustained no serious injuries . " The Mexican government said those members of the Federal Police who fired on the vehicle have been detained , the statement said . It added that the Mexican government "  has stated it will conduct a full and thorough investigation of this incident . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Rafael Romo and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Embassy says the wounded Americans are in stable condition Mexican Marines say Federal Police opened fire on the U.S. Embassy vehicle Two embassy employees -- said to be U.S. citizens -- were wounded
CNN  -- It was a strange sight indeed -- one large aircraft carrying another large aircraft strapped on top . But that 's exactly what skyward-looking folks in Washington saw Tuesday as Space Shuttle Discovery , atop a Boeing 747 , made an inspiring pass over the capital in its final flight . It makes you wonder : How can the 747 transport something that big and heavy ? Well , the shuttle-airliner combo is not as heavy as you might first think . In fact , it 's a relatively easy load to hoist . When the shuttle missions started in the 1980s , NASA designated several places as landing strips for the orbiter , including Edwards AFB in California . Discovery taken its final destination , a Smithsonian museum But all the launches were from Florida , so NASA needed a way to transport to Kennedy Space Center from Edwards . A shuttle ca n't fly itself after it leaves orbit , as it is basically a big glider . So NASA created the designed the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft , which is a Boeing 747 designed to fly with a shuttle on top . All that 's well-known , at least to space buffs . But what may surprise many people is that a Boeing 747 with a space shuttle strapped on its roof weighs less -- that 's right , less -- than a 747 airliner full of passengers . At first that might seem counterintuitive , but Lisa Malone , a spokeswoman for NASA , says the 747 they use is stripped clean of anything in the main cabin . There 's a cockpit and a big empty shell . But the 747s used by airlines have hundreds of seats , galleys , lavatories -- even a bar in some cases . Add 300-plus passengers , their luggage , food , water and assorted other cargo , and the weight adds up . Capturing Discovery 's final flight The 747 that carried Discovery weighed about 488,000 pounds . Jim Proulx , a spokesman for Boeing , says a commercial 747 airliner can weigh more than 800,000 when carrying passengers . There will be another chance to see the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft in action later this week . That 's when it will carry Space Shuttle Enterprise , which was used for tests but never flew in space , will be flown from Dulles International Airport in Virginia to its new home on board the USS Intrepid , a retired aircraft carrier turned floating museum in New York City .	Shuttle Discovery hitches ride atop a Boeing 747 to Washington The load is not as taxing on the specially outfitted 747 as you might first think A regular 747 carrying a full complement of passengers is much heavier
CNN  -- In the narrow winding lanes of Old Delhi , the knotted masses of electrical wiring hanging across the streets are sometimes so thickly entwined they blot out the sun . In the streets of Bangkok , electricity wires loop and run in chaotic bundles from concrete power poles . In the slums of Mumbai to the townships of South Africa , electricity infrastructure is a triumph of make and mend . For power utilities in emerging markets , collecting the bills from this tangled skein of wiring is a nightmare and slow payment - even outright energy theft - remains a powerful disincentive for new investment in the sector . Smart solutions One company , however , says smart meters may hold the answers to the power problems of the world 's emerging markets . While smart meters have been in use in the United States and Europe for more than a decade , in markets such as Africa they are set to encourage much-needed investment in the sector . The devices not only record electricity consumption but relay information back to the utility for monitoring and billing purposes . Critically , they also require pre-payment which means that utilities that produce the power can be sure they will be paid for it . Alain Bollack , director at the Global Power & Utilities Centre of Ernst and Young , said the company worked with the city of Tshwane outside Johannesburg in South Africa to install pre-paid smart meters to solve endemic problems of late payment , long-term debtors and electricity theft . "  The city had two major problems , " Bollack told CNN . "  The first was they could n't collect the cash from customers -- either businesses or individuals . They had 800,000 customers that were an average 500 days in arrears . "  The second was that a lot of clients were stealing electricity and that 's very common in emerging markets . " Chaotic infrastructure He said the chaotic nature of the electricity infrastructure in places like Africa or India means that stealing energy is easy . "  Often it 's as easy as hooking onto a line , bypassing the meter and getting free energy . The first major problem of energy in emerging markets is getting access to it i the first place , the second problem is that when there is access it gets stolen . " He said cities such as Mumbai had worked hard over the past 10 years to reduce the opportunity for consumers to steal electricity . "  Over ten years ago , some 65 % of the energy produced in Mumbai was not paid for , " Bollack said . Smart meters , he said , require customers to pay before they consume and also relay information back to the utilities if the meters are tampered with in any way . Legislation is key So far , some 3000 smart meters have been rolled out in Tshwane , particularly among high consumers of energy . At the core of the solution , however , is legislation and Bollack said that the city government passed laws to enforce the new rule . "  That might not be very pleasant for many consumers but , at the end of the day , if you provide a service , it 's quite normal to pay for it , " Bollack said . "  If you have asked nicely for many many years and people still wo n't pay , then you have a right to enforce that by law . " He said the value proposition extended to consumers in that they also gained a better picture through smart metering of what and how they consumed electricity . Ultimately , however , energy theft is not a sustainable business model , leading to under-investment , more costly production and higher prices . Bollack said that Tshwane 's foray into smart meters was now being viewed with interest from countries throughout the region including Ghana , Zimbabwe , Mozambique and parts of Nigeria . "  They are looking at it as a possible way of resolving the financing problem of energy infrastructure in Africa , " Bollack said . "  If you are lucky if you 've got investors from China or the US or Europe , who are happy to put billions on the table but do n't have any guarantee of return on investment . " Holy grail He said that smart meters in Africa are fast becoming the holy grail for energy sector investors and ultimately could accelerate investment that would provide power for millions more people in the region . While critics might argue that consumers have gone from free , albeit stolen electricity , to electricity they now ca n't afford , Bollack said smart meters , for the first time , could reverse the vicious circle created by energy theft . "  The business case for the city of Tshwane is interesting , " he said . "  Energy is one of the city 's main sources of revenue and what they are saying is that smart meters are not being introduced to balance the books , but to collect the cash to reinvest it into the community . "  Even though there 's a lag between when you collect the cash and reinvest , what you ultimately create is a virtuous circle . " Read this : Is this the end of the 9-5 working day ? Read this : Driverless vehicles : The end of the road for the trucker ?	The city of Tshwane in South Africa is installing pre-paid electricity smart meters The city has endemic problems of late payment , long-term debtors and electricity theft It 's hoped smart meters will bring much-needed investment in the sector Poor electricity infrastructure in places like Africa or India makes energy theft easy
London  CNN  -- Margaret Thatcher was a giant in late 20th century British politics , in large part due to her revolutionary approach to the economy . It is no accident that her economic strategy and policies became known as "  Thatcherism . " Her policies revolutionized the domestic economy and also had huge influence abroad -- not least of all in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , freed from Soviet control in the early 1990s . To get an idea of the enormity of her influence it is vital to understand the parlous state Britain was in the 1960s and 1970s . OBITUARY : Britain 's "  Iron Lady " dies at 87 It was a country that , in the words of former U.S. Secretary of State Dean Acheson , had "  lost an empire and has not yet found a role " and it was a country that was persistently underperforming its European neighbors . Indeed it was the feeling that the six of the European Economic Communities  EEC  were leaving Britain behind economically that was one of the main reasons for its membership in 1973 . But , EEC membership did not solve Britain 's problems . Britain 's problems , including the appalling industrial relations , were only tackled when Thatcher became prime minister in 1979 . When I was a young civil servant in the 1970s in the Treasury , I was told that government in Britain was all about "  managing decline . " Defeatism was endemic . Share your memories , tributes and thoughts on Thatcher 's death on iReport Both the major parties  Labour and Conservative  had adopted a quasi-consensus , Keynesian interventionist approach to the economy post WWII , in which large parts of the productive economy , including the utilities , were state monopolies . Competition was a foreign , if not a dirty , word . And high taxes blunted entrepreneurial spirits and business activity . Under these circumstances it should have been of no surprise to anyone , that Britain 's future was indeed was all about managing decline . The image of an aristocratic family down on its luck , wearing threadbare jackets and scuffed shoes , comes to mind . Enterprise , profit , low taxes and risk-taking were concepts that were foreign  and especially American  in Britain . It is absolutely no exaggeration to say that Thatcher changed the whole approach to the economy and business . "  Managing decline " was not for her . She was determined to implement the policies , however uncomfortable and unpalatable they were at the time , to inject energy , enterprise and competition into business and into the economy . Tinkering interventionism was out and union reform  long overdue  , privatization , competition , sound public finances and low taxes were in . All in all , her polices amounted to a "  supply side " revolution . And it was a revolution . Businesses and entrepreneurs were now to be seen as the drivers of economic growth and not interfering governments . The default mechanism of post-war British economic policy was reset . It was a staggering success . After a rocky start -- there was a nasty recession in the early 1980s from which parts of manufacturing did not recover -- the British economy began to perform significantly better . Allied with canny policies to free up the City of London and attract inward investment , Britain became the number one destination for overseas investment . The sense of defeatism was consigned , at least at the time , to history . In the late 1980s and early 1990s I well remember my Japanese colleagues ' admiration for her and all that she had done for Britain 's standing in the international business world , and their sheer bemusement when she was forced out of office . Thatcher was a politician of enormous skill , determination , courage and , above all else , conviction . And she was ably assisted by , amongst others , Lord  Geoffrey  Howe , Lord  Nigel  Lawson , Lord  David  Young and Lord  Norman  Tebbit . They helped her push through her vision against the most appalling opposition from the unions to the economics profession and the CBI . Sadly , much of her excellent work was destroyed under the Tony Blair government when chancellor Gordon Brown 's profligacy wrecked the public finances and his ill-advised changes to banking supervision severely damaged the financial system . Speaking as one who saw the Thatcherite revolution "  in action , " I find it immensely saddening . We need a new Margaret Thatcher , one with the vision to correct the country 's horrendous problems , as she did in the 1980s . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruth Lea	Thatcher was a giant in British politics , in large part due to her revolutionary approach to the economy Thatcher changed Britain 's whole approach to the economy and business Thatcher was a politician of enormous skill and , above all else , conviction Lea argues we need a new Thatcher with the vision to correct the country 's problems
EW.com  -- Lance Armstrong 's story has everything . Victory . Redemption . A triumph of the human spirit . All-American ambition shading into moral decay . The enticing possibility that Matthew McConaughey could play himself . So we should n't be surprised that two different studios are trying to translate Armstrong 's story to the big screen . In January , reports indicated that J.J. Abrams 's Bad Robot was producing an Armstrong movie for Paramount .  Rumors abounded that Bradley Cooper was in the running for the lead role â $ " rumors which Cooper denied . Now , Deadline reports that Warner Bros. has acquired an untitled Armstrong project with a script by Scott Z. Burns , who seems well-suited to the material : He wrote The Informant ! , a movie about a delusional man fooling investigators , and Side Effects , a movie about how drug use might be bad for you . The film would be directed by Jay Roach .  A source close to the production confirmed the Deadline report to EW . Even though it 's tempting to paint this as a race between two competing projects , there 's plenty of material in the Armstrong story . The Warner Bros. film would apparently focus partially on Tyler Hamilton , Armstrong 's former teammate whose damning confession to "  60 Minutes " initiated the endgame of the Armstrong long con ; perhaps that film would focus more on the interaction of the U.S. Postal Service cycling teammates . The Paramount film is based on Juliet Macur 's upcoming book Cycle of Lies : The Fall of Lance Armstrong . Or maybe Aaron Sorkin will write a Lance Armstrong movie where it turns out he was just trying to bike faster because Rooney Mara dumped him in college . Justin Timberlake could play Matthew McConaughey ! See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Two different studios are trying to translate Lance Armstrong 's story to the big screen Reports indicated that J.J. Abrams 's Bad Robot was producing a movie for Paramount Now , Deadline reports that Warner Bros. has acquired an untitled Armstrong project
London  CNN  -- To an outsider , Thursday 's contest to elect the next mayor of London would appear to be a fight between two larger-than-life characters -- known best by their first names -- for control of the city 's famous red buses . Among a wide field of candidates , only these two men have any realistic chance of taking a starring role at this summer 's Olympic Games in London : Conservative Party incumbent Mayor Boris Johnson , 47 , and his 66-year-old nemesis , Labour left-winger and former Mayor Ken Livingstone . Both men have devoted their energies to transport -- and attacking each other viciously on the issue , as well as on their complex personal tax arrangements . With his distinctive nasal south London accent , Livingstone rose to fame in the early 1980s as leader of the Greater London Council . Livingstone -- populist , socialist , environmentalist -- was one of the few who stood up to Margaret Thatcher , the Conservative prime minister at the time , earning him the moniker "  Red Ken . " Two decades later , Labour PM Tony Blair recreated the long-dormant job of London mayor , but if he hoped a similar-minded centrist would win , the move backfired . Livingstone was a feisty Labour member of Parliament , but when his party picked a blander , less troublesome candidate for mayor , he stood as an independent and cruised to victory . In revenge , he was expelled from Labour , though he was later brought back into the fold . One of his first , and most unpopular , acts was to scrap the much-loved but decrepit fleet of Routemaster double-decker buses , dating from the 1950s . He replaced them with the "  bendy bus , " snake-like Mercedes vehicles that terrified road-users in the narrow streets . He also upgraded Underground trains and brought in a controversial congestion tax on motorists entering central London . Livingstone served two terms before he was beaten in 2008 by Johnson , another maverick politician on the right of the political spectrum . The scruffy-haired Old Etonian ex-journalist , who appears to have emerged straight from a PG Wodehouse novel , inspired a cult following with spirited performances on a satirical BBC TV show that highlighted his blustering , easygoing charm . Among Johnson 's pledges was to scrap the accordion-like bendy buses and replace them with a British-built Routemaster , which appeared on the streets this year . The buses are stylish -- echoing the hop-on , hop-off design of the tourists ' favorites -- but expensive : The first eight buses cost more than $ 18 million in total , although future buses will be $ 500,000 each . True to the bitter rivalry between the men , Livingstone has pledged to cancel orders for more Routemasters in favor of hybrid vehicles if Londoners vote him back into power , although he will allow the current eight buses to remain in service . "  I 'm quite happy to have them running around London , " Livingstone told The Guardian newspaper last month . "  We 'll put a thing on the side saying : ` The most expensive bus , thanks to Boris . ' " In response , a spokesman for Johnson said : "  Ken Livingstone said that only some ghastly dehumanized moron would want to get rid of the Routemaster , then he scrapped it . "  Now he wants to cancel an order for one of the greenest buses , which costs , and he knows costs , no more than a hybrid bus . Such a decision would put hundreds of British jobs at risk and would once again deprive Londoners of the much-loved hop-on , hop-off service . Mr. Livingstone simply ca n't be trusted . " There 's little love lost between the two candidates : At one point during the campaign , as both rivals accused each other of avoiding paying the full rate of income tax , Johnson -- who was born in New York to British parents -- accused Livingstone of being a "  f *** ing liar . " And while the rising cost of public transport is one of the key issues in the election , many analysts say the difference between the two men themselves will be the deciding factor for most of the city 's 5 million registered voters . "  There 's a great deal riding on this election , but it 's really all about personalities , " said Joe Murphy , political editor of the capital 's free daily newspaper , The Evening Standard , which has endorsed Johnson . "  These are the two best-known politicians in the country outside of the Cabinet . " And while the job of mayor is largely ceremonial , whoever holds it does have control of a Â # 14 billion  $ 23 billion  budget to run the city 's transport system and emergency services as well as promote business . One of Johnson 's most eye-catching initiatives has been his fleet of bicycles -- known inevitably as "  Boris Bikes " -- that can be hired from streets across the city for short periods . Johnson is an avid cyclist , but Livingstone has said the current scheme is elitist and plans to extend it south of the River Thames . This summer 's Olympics will be another reason to win the election . Livingstone was instrumental in helping win the Games in 2005 , and both candidates have claimed credit for the regeneration of east London near the Olympic site . At Beijing in 2008 , a famously disheveled-looking Johnson waved the Olympic flag . "  When the job was created by Tony Blair in 2000 , he was not looking to create a hugely powerful mayor , " Murphy said . "  Compared with the New York mayor , the role in London is more of a bully pulpit . " Livingstone earned praise for his condemnation of the 2005 terrorist bombings on London 's transport system . He issued a defiant message to the terrorists , and a rallying cry to Londoners in the wake of the attacks , which killed 52 people . "  Whatever you do , however many you kill , you will fail , " Livingstone said . Three years later , though , he was voted out in favor of Johnson . So what does the election mean this time around , especially for Prime Minister David Cameron 's Conservative-led coalition government , currently lagging behind Labour in the polls ? "  All the signs point to Boris winning by a small margin of between 2 % and 8 % , " said Murphy . "  If he wins , Cameron will get a huge boost , and it may help to keep his party intact . " Conversely , a defeat for Livingstone will be a devastating loss for the young Labour leader , Ed Miliband , who is seen as struggling to establish himself in voters ' eyes . "  If he loses London it will look as though Miliband 's lost the whole country , even though it 's not really about him . Everyone sees a bloody nose . " If Johnson wins , most analysts say his victory will be in spite of his party , not because of it . "  He lifts himself above politics , " Murphy said . " ` Brand Boris ' is simply not seen as a Conservative . The same has been said for Ken , but the price of celebrity is that if it fades , a politician 's appeal fades , too . " Johnson has his critics , though , as an editorial in the left-leaning Guardian made clear : "  His overall substantive record is ... poor . Many of the big things that have happened on his watch -- Crossrail -LSB- a plan for a railway line across the city -RSB- , the Olympics , even the eye-catching bikes -- were Labour initiatives . Since hard times came to London -- partly also Labour 's doing -- Mr. Johnson has rarely attempted anything bold . He has been found wanting by recession . His environmental record is negligible . His police and crime policies have been destructive . "  In the end , though , this is a contest between Mr. Johnson and Mr. Livingstone . There is no ducking it . And that means voting for Mr. Livingstone as London 's next mayor . " Whoever wins will play a vital role during the Olympics in terms of security , keeping transport running and ensuring athletes arrive on time . Johnson 's plan to close sections of some roads to general traffic so VIPs and competitors are not delayed -- mockingly called "  Zil lanes " after their use in Soviet Russia -- is proving controversial . Livingstone is among those who have criticized the plan . But as long as the capital 's red buses -- however they look -- run on time , most Londoners will likely be happy .	About 6 million Londoners are voting to elect new mayor Role largely ceremonial but mayor controls $ 23 billion budget Front-runners are incumbent Conservative Boris Johnson and Labour 's Ken Livingstone Transport is key issue , especially design of city 's famous red buses
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A restaurant shut down by police last week for repeatedly violating Spain 's tough new anti-smoking law will reopen next month smoke-free , the owner of the establishment said Thursday . Jose Antonio Arias , the owner of El Asador Guadalmina , defiantly vowed a week ago that no one would close his business . But Thursday he said he had decided to obey the law out of concern for his 16 employees and their families . "  I have decided to accept the law , " Arias told reporters at a news conference at his restaurant , hours after regional health authorities said he had written to them , agreeing to adhere to the law that prohibits smoking in all indoor bars and restaurants . Authorities said he still faces a nearly $ 200,000 fine for allowing smokers in his locale for nearly six weeks after the new law took effect January 2 . Arias last week told Spanish media he would never pay the fine , and health officials sent police on February 10 to close his restaurant , located near the popular southern Mediterranean resort of Marbella . The closure of the restaurant was believed to be the first nationwide since the law went into effect , a Spanish health ministry spokesman said last week . Before the shutdown , Arias said , "  I am using my constitutional rights as a citizen and I 'm not going to be run over by this dictatorial , Marxist , terrorist government . " The twice-elected Socialist government won backing for a law in 2006 that essentially allowed many bars and restaurants to choose if they would prohibit smoking . But as smoking continued across Spain , parliament followed up with the tougher one that banned such indoor smoking . The law puts Spain in line with the strictest European countries -- Britain , France and Italy -- which prohibit smoking in all enclosed public spaces . The Spanish government says most of the nation 's 300,000 bars and restaurants are complying with the new law . Many have added to their outdoor terrace space , or put in outdoor heating , so that clients can step outside for a smoke , where it is allowed . Regional health inspectors visited Arias ' restaurant Wednesday to confirm that large signs which previously stated "  this law will not be applied in our establishment " had been replaced with others that say smoking is prohibited , a regional health service spokeswoman told CNN . Arias , at his news conference on Thursday , claimed he faced the potential fine because of the signs stating his disobedience to the law , and not for letting people smoke in his restaurant . He vowed to continue a signature-gathering campaign across Spain to rally support to overturn the law , which Spain 's hotel and restaurant federation says has caused a loss of business for many establishments . Arias said his restaurant will reopen March 10 . Until then , he added , the staff will have a vacation .	El Asador Guadalmina will reopen in March and comply with the smoking ban , owner says Arias defiantly vowed last week no one would close his business He still faces a hefty fine for breaking the law , authorities said
Hadas Goshen is a writer for the Daily Californian . This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student-generated content . UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com . Visit UWIRE.com to learn more . UWIRE  -- In spring 2007 , University of California Berkeley Energy and Resources Group professor Ashok Gadgil challenged students in his Design for Sustainable Communities class to come up with an affordable and efficient solar water heater that could be used in low-income households . The heaters installed in Guatemala have made an important impact on peoples ' lives , student says . Now , a little more than a year later , one team of students has already installed solar water heaters on the roofs of several homes in Quetzaltenango , Guatemala . They have been so beneficial to the recipients that there are already plans to mass produce the heaters locally . The team of UC Berkeley graduate students and alumni said they are planning to enter their heater design into a national competition in October . Though the heater has only been tested in middle - and lower-class residential homes in Quetzaltenango , the team hopes to extend the technology to other developing countries in Latin America , Africa and Southern Asia , said Kenneth Armijo , a mechanical engineering doctoral student currently in Guatemala . "  The more we advance with the project , the more we realize it has an important impact on the life of people and it has a great potential to be replicated in other places around the world , " said team member Ernesto Rodriguez , who is working toward a masters in business administration . Armijo said the team hopes the heaters will stimulate local economies . "  This is a crucial step to not only integrate technologies into the third world for beneficial resources , but to make these resources available sustainably , " said Armijo . The team spent the spring 2007 semester working to perfect the design of a solar water heater Gadgil had presented to their class . Over spring break , team member Merwan Benhabib , an engineering doctoral student , traveled to Quetzaltenango to assess the community and see what local materials were available to build the heaters . "  Merwan found that ... households use electric in-line heaters for showering , which are costly due to the electricity expenses and hazardous since you are prone to getting shocked , " said engineering doctoral student Sara Beaini . By the end of the spring 2007 semester , the team had built and tested a prototype that heated water up to 40 degrees Celsius-sufficient for showering , members said . During spring break this year , members of the team traveled to Guatemala to test a third prototype of the heater and conduct market analysis surveys . In the coming months , Rodriguez said he plans to survey the families that tested the heater to find out the impact it has had on their daily lives . Though the team said it currently has two heaters that have been successfully installed , there are several adjustments to make based on user feedback before they can present their finished product to manufacturing companies . "  It is one thing to develop a technology in a university lab , but another to develop it in the field with all of the uncertainties and unknown challenges that are n't always technically and socially apparent , " Armijo said . Despite temporary challenges , the team remains confident that the affordability of the heater will dramatically alter the lives of low-income families . The group estimates the heaters will cost $ 100 each when mass produced . "  Quetzaltenango  is an urban community with significant economic activity that has little access to new technologies ... there is a lot of potential to create a local industry that will create jobs , bring better products to the market and improve quality of life of the population , " said Rodriguez .	Students at University of California Berkeley design efficient solar water heater Heaters installed on roofs of several homes in Quetzaltenango , Guatemala Students plan to enter design into national competition in October Team hopes to extend technology to other developing countries around world
CNN  -- I can remember my first Fourth of July after returning home from Iraq , when I was working as a bartender in a hotel in Ouray , Colorado . I stepped out from behind the bar for a minute and watched from the balcony above the front entrance to the hotel as the fireworks exploded in the sky above the town . I could feel them as much as I could hear them , just like in the war . And for a moment , I stood a bit straighter and was proud for having served my country . But then the cheers and the hollers from the crowds along the street below quickly faded from my ears until all I could hear were the explosions . And my mind and body suddenly became set and tense and ready for anything . Then the silent series of snapshots layered upon one another : dead dogs on the side of the road with tongues hanging out of their mouths , a dead child with black eyes , Marines dying in helicopter crashes , Marines dying in gunbattles , Marines being killed accidentally by other Marines , destroying people 's homes with artillery , killing other human beings violently , being terrified , being glad that you were killing other human beings violently , being exhausted , looking into the devastated eyes of the people whose homes you had just destroyed with artillery , sweating in the 110 degree heat for too long , being hunted , babies crying , things exploding , wishing you were anywhere else on the planet than where you were , bullets snapping by you , being horrified about making a mistake , thinking that at any moment you will be dead , thinking that you would not want to be anywhere else on the planet because this was your war and you were glad you did n't miss it , land mines , snipers , and the terror in your buddy 's voice over the radio as he lies trapped underneath his vehicle begging for someone to get him some air support because they were taking fire from all directions and were sure that they were all about to die . Watching from the balcony , I knew then , for certain , that the war had forever changed me . I might as well have been a million miles away from the people who were standing just a few feet from me , people who had not seen what I 'd seen or done what I 'd done . This was to be the first of many times , whether they be Independence Days , Memorial Days , or just random occasions where , out of the blue , the visions of the war would come rushing back . Along with the visions come the isolation , the anger , the sadness or the post-war confusion -- strong , heavy feelings that could easily , if you let them , pull you over the side of the cliff . Those of us who have experienced war firsthand know that it is the most terrible of all things . We know that there are many different ways for people to die , most of which have shorn away all dignity . We know that war consumes everything in its path -- the young , right along with the old . And , unfortunately , the innocent , right along with the guilty . We know that war 's aftermath can be obvious : We can see that lives have been torn down with the buildings that are now nothing more than rubble . But some of us have also discovered that the aftermath can be seemingly intangible ; a molecular shift in brain chemistry and the neural pathways caused by seeing , smelling , hearing , killing and fearing just a little too much . As the young men and women who make up military units , we know that we will usually share war 's experiences . I know that when my toes are cold in the high Afghan desert , so are everyone else 's . When I am hungry because the supply convoys have been attacked by the enemy , so is everyone else . And when I am scared , and the possibility of death becomes very real as the bullets and shrapnel rip through the air around us , I know that everyone else is scared , too . But for some reason , when I first came home and felt confused , isolated , angry and sad , I forgot that there was a good chance that there were others out there , just like me , who felt exactly the same way . Now I realize that this mistake almost cost me my life . When I first came home , there were months of isolation where I was too proud and too ashamed to talk about my feelings -- a downward spiral that almost ended in suicide . But , I was lucky , because through a twist of creative fate , and a simple film project that quickly became a full-blown documentary based on personal footage I 'd shot in the war , I was forced to share my experiences with others . I spent weeks of 12-hour days with the editors going over the scenes of horror that I 'd experienced . These editors quickly became people whom I loved and trusted dearly . Opening up , and talking candidly about the things that were locked away behind my emotional barriers , ultimately led to my recovery . In essence , the making of a film became one long therapy session . So , if any of you reading this are struggling with post-combat emotions , please consider these three simple things -- things that took me a long time to understand : You are not alone , it 's OK if you are not OK and it really does help talk to someone about it . There is no shame in not being Superman . Call your buddies from the war . Call the Wounded Warrior Project . Call the Veterans Affairs ' hot line . Do whatever you need to do to talk about what you are feeling . As warriors , we are taught that in battle weakness and vulnerability are the same . But no one tells us that once we are back home , things change , and vulnerability becomes strength . Becoming vulnerable , and understanding that we need to talk about what happened , is the first step in opening the emotional pressure valve that is inside all of us . As veterans , we need each other now just as much as we did when we were fighting the war  as so many of our brothers and sisters are still doing at this very moment  . Just as we did in battle , we always take care of our own . So if you are struggling , please remember that the sun is still there , but it has just gone behind the clouds for a while . To make it shine again , we must take care of each other , hold on to each other and help each other through the pain . This Fourth of July , I will be flying back to the United States , from England , after a three-week research trip for a novel I am about to begin writing . I smile widely when I compare life now to where I was nine years ago . I smile because I 've chosen to make my war experiences a source of strength versus letting them make me weak . The darkness has largely subsided , and I now know that war can give you a valuable sense of perspective . Because when you have been that close to death , especially at a young age , the rest of your days become infinitely valuable and take on new meaning . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Scotti .	Veteran Mike Scotti recalls how memories of war rushed back during July Fourth fireworks When Scotti returned home from deployment he struggled with isolation , anger and depression Scotti to vets : It 's OK if you are not OK and it really does help to talk to someone about it For ways to help veterans in need , visit CNN.com / Impact
CNN  -- Record-holder Paula Radcliffe stepped up her bid to run in the marathon at the world athletics championships next Sunday with victory on her competitive return to action . Marathon record-holder Paula Radcliffe is seeking to win back her world title in Berlin . The British runner , who is hoping to win back the title she won the last time she competed at the event in Helsinki in 2005 , triumphed in the New York City half-marathon for the third time on Sunday morning . It was the 35-year-old 's first race since winning the full marathon in the same city nine months ago , having since been sidelined by a foot operation . She was due to fly to Germany following the race to discuss her fitness with UK Athletics head coach Charles van Commenee and make a decision about whether she will race in Berlin . "  I do n't know . I came through the race and that was the main objective and everything felt good . We will see how I recover over the next few days , " she told reporters . "  It is definitely more likely than it was this time last week . It 's good to get out and race and feel good in the race . It 's definitely done me good , now I just have to decide if I have the strength and  training  background behind me to race with the people in the race next week . " Radcliffe missed the 2007 world championships after falling pregnant with her first child , and then suffering back problems . She battled to be fit for the Beijing Olympics after breaking her leg , but could finish only 23rd as she suffered from cramp . However , New York has once again proved to be one of her favorite race venues , and she won the half-marathon easily in a time of one hour , nine minutes and 45 seconds - just two seconds outside the record set in its inaugural staging in 2006 by Catherine Ndereba of Kenya . Radcliffe broke clear of Mamitu Daska just before the eight-mile mark , with the Ethiopian finishing the 13.1-mile event in second place and Ndereba third . "  I normally want to run as hard as I can but today was more about blowing away the cobwebs so it was not the fastest time I have ever run , " Radcliffe said . "  It 's hard to get into a race knowing you are deliberately conserving something for next week . I felt pretty good in Central Park and tried to keep relaxed . I felt the humidity a bit and the headwind in the last four or five miles . "  I would have been happier to run a minute or so quicker but I felt pretty good afterwards . " Tadese Tola of Ethiopia defending his men 's title in 1:01:06 , with Moroccan Ridouane Harroufi second  1:02:33  and American Ryan Hall third . Meanwhile , Olympic and world champion Olga Kaniskina successfully defended her 20-kilometer title in Berlin on Sunday . The 24-year-old followed up compatriot Valeriy Borchin 's victory in the men 's race on Saturday to mean that Russian women have won the event for the past five championships . Ireland 's Olive Loughnane was second , 49 seconds back , with China 's Liu Hong claiming the bronze medal .	Paula Radcliffe lifts chances of running marathon at world athletics championships World record-holder wins New York City half-marathon on return to action The British athlete had been sidelined for nine months following foot problems Olympic champion Olga Kaniskina retains world 20-kilometer title in Berlin
CNN  Bill Cosby 's lawyer has denied the latest sexual assault allegation against the comedian . Cosby was not in California on the day in 2008 when Chloe Goins alleges the comedian sexually assaulted her at a Playboy Mansion party , Martin Singer , Cosby 's lawyer , said Friday in a statement . "  On Wednesday , Chloe Goins and her attorney publicly accused Bill Cosby of assaulting Ms. Goins in 2008 at the ` Midsummer Night 's Party ' held at the Playboy Mansion in California , " the statement said . "  The party took place on August 9 , 2008 . Mr. Cosby was in New York on that date . We will be providing documentary evidence to the appropriate authorities which conclusively establishes Mr. Cosby 's whereabouts on August 9 and for the preceding and succeeding days . " Goins , now 24 , told her story to investigating officers of the Los Angeles Police Department on Wednesday . Like other women who have accused Cosby , Goins said she was drugged and woke up undressed , said her lawyer , Spencer Kuvin . More than 20 women have come forward with claims of sexual assault against the comedian . Many of the accusations date back decades . Kuvin issued his own statement in response to Singer 's statement , saying : "  The press should be asking Mr. Singer if Mr. Cosby was at the mansion at ` any ' time during the summer of 2008 . If he has proof of his whereabouts during that entire summer then we would like to see it . If he is willing to prove it , then I can comment . Otherwise it is just a lawyer talking , which is not evidence . " CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	Chloe Goins accuses Cosby of assaulting her in August 2008 at the Playboy Mansion Cosby 's lawyer says the comedian was in New York on the day of the party
TIJUANA , Mexico  CNN  -- More Americans , tired of skyrocketing gas prices , are crossing the border to Mexico , where fueling up costs a great deal less . But the AAA Auto Club warns the short-term savings could spiral into long-term expenses . Right now a gallon of gas costs about $ 3.10 in Tijuana , while it 's about $ 4.60 just north of the border in the United States . That 's a $ 30 savings on a 20-gallon fill-up . It makes financial sense to commuter Ricardo Fernandez , who lives a few miles away in San Isidro , California . He makes the international run once a week during off hours and does n't mind waiting in line -- both coming and going . "  Right now the traffic is not bad to go back , " Fernandez said . "  It takes me about an hour , hour and a half . " While it sounds like a big hassle , Fernandez said he just makes a shopping day out of it . "  I can come shopping ... get some groceries and stuff like that , " he said . "  It 's like saving double . " Watch Americans buying gas in Mexico " The story is a similar one for Pedro Hernandez who lives in Santa Ana , California , about 100 miles to the north . He does n't make a special trip just to gas up , but he wo n't pass up a deal either . "  We can come down to visit relatives and shop around , " he said . "  While we 're here , might as well fill up the gas . " Hernandez saved about $ 40 on his tank . But the savings might come at a cost : Mexican gas is made with a different formula -- containing more sulfur -- which could hurt your car in the long run , according to Stephen Mazor with AAA 's Automotive Research Center . That fuel mixture can ruin the emission control equipment on American cars and cause them to fail emissions tests . "  Then  you  have to spend a lot of money to repair your car because of the effects of that gas , " he said . Fernandez said his truck is running fine on the Mexican gas , for now , which is all he can afford to worry about until U.S. gas prices go down .	A gallon of gas costs about $ 3.10 in Tijuana ; it costs $ 4.60 north of the border AAA Auto Club warns short-term savings could spiral into long-term expenses Mexican gas containis more sulfur -- which could hurt U.S. cars
CNN  -- For the elite basketball stars of the NBA and WNBA , winning Olympic gold is a given . Silver is for the losers . The U.S. men 's team has been champion 13 out of 16 times since 1936 . American women have topped the podium six out of eight . "  Second place is unacceptable , " says legendary center Hakeem Olajuwon , who was in the U.S. "  Dream Team " that topped the podium in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics . With teammates such as Shaquille O'Neal , Charles Barkley and Scottie Pippen , the Nigerian-American , who was born in Lagos , quickly came to realize that reality . "  Coming to the United States , being there for so long , then it becomes -- you are expected to win gold , " he told CNN 's Aiming for Gold show . Olajuwon , who is rated one of the greatest 50 NBA players of all time , came into the Atlanta Games having helped Houston Rockets win back-to-back NBA titles in 1994 and 1995 . Security presence While he enjoyed winning Olympic gold , the sheer fame of the Dream Team left them surrounded by an all-pervading security presence and he felt he missed out on the Games experience . "  We ca n't go anywhere -- we were n't even free to go to the  athletes '  village . So it was a different experience from that perspective . "  The opening day you get all the different athletes but after that , of course , for security issues the Dream Team were by themselves . " But he added : "  The Olympic gold medal is a huge accomplishment and so is my career with NBA basketball . I 'm just happy that I get the opportunity to accomplish both . " Olajuwon retired in 2002 but is still involved in the game , acting as a mentor for the likes of current superstars LeBron James and Kobe Bryant . Argentina 's Luis Scola followed in Olajuwan 's footsteps at Houston Rockets and to the top of the Olympic podium . The Nightmare Team The forward center achieved the feat at the 2004 Games in Athens , on the way beating a U.S. lineup which acquired the unfortunate label of "  The Nightmare Team . " It was a stunning upset , but proof that the rest of the world had raised their standards to match America 's NBA elite . "  I take a lot of pride in the gold medal because of the whole experience that happened behind it , " he told CNN . "  When you talk to somebody here in the U.S. and they find out you played in the Olympics and they are like , ` Wow , the Olympics ? ' ` Yeah . ' ` How did you do ? ' ` We won it . ' They are stunned , they can not believe it really . " U.S. basketball chiefs were sufficiently stunned to revamp its organization and coaching staff so by the 2008 Olympics in Beijing traditional dominance had been restored . Scola and his Argentina teammates took the bronze medal in China . He will be in an Argentina squad attempting to cause another upset at the 2012 Olympics in London , but believes U.S. success is almost inevitable . "  There are three big sports here : baseball , American football and basketball . Basketball is really the only one that 's played in the Olympics . So I think that plays a role too . "  There 's a lot of talent in the U.S. , a lot of talent . There 's 10 different teams you can pick players from and that will be a very good team and eventually you can win a medal or a gold medal , no question about that . " Women 's star For WNBA legend Lisa Leslie , defeat at the Olympics just was n't an option . She played in four Games and won four golds with an all-conquering U.S. squad from 1996 to 2008 . "  I really loved that moment of being on the podium and having the gold medal placed around my neck , just listening to the chants and listening to our national anthem -- that always gives me chills , " she told CNN . "  That was my favorite sports moment . " Boosted by her record 488 points , 241 rebounds and 36 blocked shots in Olympic competition , Leslie and her teammates had a remorseless winning attitude . "  Our main goal was one game at a time , one country , one goal , and that 's to win a gold medal . " Leslie , who retired from the Los Angeles Sparks in 2009 , will go down in history as the first woman to complete a slam dunk in a professional game . The six foot five inch center achieved the feat in 2002 and went on to make it her trademark during a glittering career .	United States has dominated men 's and women 's Olympic basketball Legendary center Hakeem Olajuwon played in 1996 "  Dream Team " Luis Scola was in Argentina team which snapped U.S. domination in 2004 WNBA star Lisa Leslie won four straight gold medals for U.S. . from 1996-2008
Entertainment Weekly  -- Sandra Bullock will surely be popping open the champagne as her new romantic comedy , "  The Proposal , " accepted the top spot at the box office this weekend by grossing $ 34.1 million , according to early estimates by Hollywood.com Box Office . Ryan Reynolds and Sandra Bullock have reason to celebrate after "  The Proposal " takes top box office spot . Not only did "  The Proposal " win the weekend , but it was by far the best opening of Bullock 's career , nearly doubling the opening of her previous best , "  Premonition , " which debuted to $ 17.6 million in 2007 . While "  The Proposal 's " success was fueled mostly by women  73 percent of the audience was female  , both women and men gave it a healthy "  A - " CinemaScore rating , so expect the movie to hold up fairly well during the next few weeks . The weekend 's other big release , the prehistoric buddy comedy "  Year One , " landed in fourth place with $ 20.2 million -- an okay debut for the $ 60 million movie . However , all indicators point to a quick descent for the Jack Black/Michael Cera flick . "  Year One " dropped 24 percent from Friday to Saturday  never a reassuring sign  , and the movie received an unimpressive "  B - " rating from CinemaScore . "  Year One " is all but certain to join "  Land of the Lost " as another box-office disappointment for high-concept comedies . On the other hand , "  The Hangover "  No. 2 with $ 26.9 million  and "  Up "  No. 3 with $ 21.3 million  continued to show off their box-office stamina , dropping only 18 percent and 31 percent , respectively , from the prior weekend . "  Up " now stands at $ 224 million , and may levitate past "  Star Trek "  currently at $ 239 million  to become the year 's highest-grossing film . Finishing off the top five was "  The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 , " which fell an alarming 52 percent for an $ 11.3 million weekend stash . Also opening this weekend was Woody Allen 's "  Whatever Works , " starring Larry David . The New York-based comedy laughed up $ 281,000 from just nine theaters for a weekend-leading $ 31,000 gross per theater . The film will expand to more than 300 theaters on July 3 . Overall , the box office was up 3 percent compared to last year 's Father 's Day weekend , when "  Get Smart " debuted to a surprisingly sharp $ 38.7 million . Hope you all are having a splendid Father 's Day ! I know I will -- I 'm taking my pop to see "  Up . " CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Proposal , " accepted the top spot at box office by grossing $ 34.1 million This is the best opening of Bullock 's career , nearly doubling her previous best Jack Black 's comedy "  Year One " landed in fourth place with $ 20.2 million Check out the rest of the top 10 movies at this weekend 's box office
It 's a statistic we 've been hearing far too often -- and for far too long . Two-thirds of American adults are either overweight or obese -- and the problem is only getting worse . Even Coca-Cola , the world 's largest beverage company , is now calling obesity "  the issue of this generation . " The world 's most valuable brand took the last seat at a crowded table Monday , when it launched an ad campaign aimed at "  reinforcing its efforts to work together with American communities , business and government leaders to find meaningful solutions to the complex challenge of obesity . " The first commercial of the campaign , a two-minute video called "  Coming Together , " begins with a voice-over : "  For over 125 years , we 've been bringing people together . Today , we 'd like people to come together on something that concerns all of us : obesity . " The spots are scheduled to run on television , including CNN , beginning this week . Coca-Cola points out in the video it offers 180 low - and no-calorie beverages out of more than 650 beverage products . Coke has come under increased fire over the past year as a predominant target of an anti-obesity crusade , led in large part by the Center for Science in the Public Interest , also known as the CSPI . Appearing on CNN 's "  Sanjay Gupta MD " in October , Michael Jacobson , executive director of the CSPI , conceded that sugar and soda consumption are , in fact , on the decline . "  But , " he said , "  the scientific community has ... reached a consensus that soft drinks are the one food or beverage that 's been demonstrated to cause weight gain and obesity . And if we 're going to deal with this obesity epidemic , that 's the place to start . " Global report : Obesity bigger health crisis than hunger The CSPI came out swinging in October , introducing "  The Real Bears , " -- "  an animated short film that encourages Americans to pour out their sodas . " It stars "  The Real Bears , " which resemble the iconic Coca-Cola polar bears . The video was directed by Alex Bogusky , the man behind the anti-tobacco "  Truth " campaign , and features an original song , "  Sugar , " by Grammy award-winning artist Jason Mraz . In response , Coca-Cola issued a statement that read : "  This is irresponsible and the usual grandstanding from CSPI . It wo n't help anyone understand energy balance , which is key according to recognized experts who 've studied this issue -- a group that does n't include CSPI . Enough said . " In its new campaign , Coca-Cola drives home the sentiment that "  beating obesity will take action by all of us , based on one simple , common-sense fact : All calories count , no matter where they come from . ... And if you eat and drink more calories than you burn off , you 'll gain weight . " The reason soda and other sugary drinks have found their way to the forefront of the so-called "  war on sugar " is the harmful rate at which they are absorbed , said Dr. Robert Lustig , a pediatric endocrinologist at the University of California , San Francisco , as well as the author of the new book , "  Fat Chance : Beating the Odds Against Sugar , Processed Food , Obesity , and Disease . " "  The reason to eat your sugar as whole fruit and not juice  or soda  ... is because the fiber helps reduce the rate of absorption from the gut into the bloodstream , " Lustig says . "  When you juice it , it 's all going to you and your liver gets overwhelmed and you get sick . " Opinion : Lustig : A fast-food , sugar fiasco CSPI , in a statement Monday , said the new Coke ad campaign is "  just a damage control exercise , and not a meaningful contribution toward addressing obesity . " "  What the industry is trying to do is forestall sensible policy approaches to reducing sugary drink consumption , including taxes , further exclusion from public facilities , and caps on serving sizes such as the measure proposed by Mayor  Michael  Bloomberg . " On September 13 , Bloomberg , the New York mayor , won health board approval of a proposal to ban the sale of sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces in restaurants and other venues . In an exclusive interview with Gupta after the board 's approval of the ban , Bloomberg stressed the importance of portion control . "  I can tell you -- and I think I speak for almost everybody -- if it 's in front of me , I eat it , " said Bloomberg . "  I love Cheez-Its . If you put a 2-pound box of Cheez-Its in front of me , I 'd probably eat them all . That 's not very good for you . But if you eat  almost  anything in moderation , there 's no harm . " Jacobson told Gupta that the occasional soda could , of course , be a part of a healthy diet . "  We do n't want to wipe out soft drinks , " he said . "  But we would like to see soft drinks return to the dietary role they played in the '50s , which was occasionally , and small portions ,  as a  special treat . Now , people are guzzling huge containers of soda every day of their lives , practically . " Opinion : Forget large sodas , how about banning French fries ? This is something even Coca-Cola can agree is a bad idea . The company is in the middle of a roll-out of smaller , portion-controlled sizes of its most popular drinks , and promises to have them in about 90 % of the country by the end of the year . "  We 've never been more committed to doing our part to help address the issue of obesity , " Coca-Cola spokesman Ben Scheidler said in an e-mail , adding that "  2013 is going to be a landmark year in terms of expanding partnerships and efforts to educate consumers about energy balance . " But perhaps most important is a move Coca-Cola has already made : the decision to add the calorie counts to the front of their bottles and cans , to make it even easier for consumers to make informed decisions .	In a new ad campaign , Coca-Cola calls obesity "  the issue of this generation " Coke has previously been a target in an anti-obesity campaign The Center for Science in the Public Interest says the campaign is "  damage control "
CNN  -- UEFA have announced the seeds for the Euro 2012 playoffs , after the final round of qualifying matches were completed on Tuesday . The four teams seeded for the draw are 2004 hosts and beaten finalists Portugal , Giovanni Trapattoni 's Republic of Ireland , Euro 1996 runners-up Czech Republic and Slaven Bilic 's Croatia . The four other nations in the draw are 2008 semifinalists Turkey and three countries bidding to reach their first major soccer tournament -- Montenegro , Estonia and Bosnia Herzegovina . Denmark seal Euro 2012 spot after beating Portugal The playoff draw will be made in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev on Thursday , with the two-legged ties set to be played on November 11/12 and 15 . Next year 's tournament will be the 14th European championship and will be co-hosted by Poland and Ukraine .	UEFA have announced the seeds for the Euro 2012 playoffs Portugal , Republic of Ireland , Czech Republic and Croatia are the seeds Turkey , Montenegro , Estonia and Bosnia Herzegovina complete the draw The two-legged ties will be played on November 11/12 and 15
Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren -- not Hillary Clinton -- is the top progressive choice for president in 2016 , according to a new poll . In fact , Clinton does n't even make second place . Forty two percent of respondents favor Warren , and Vermont Independent Senator Bernie Sanders also edges out Clinton with 24 % compared to her 23 % , according to results from the 2016 Presidential Pulse Poll commissioned by progressive grassroots organization Democracy for America . These results come amid a groundswell of activism from the Democratic party 's more liberal wing , which has called for a contested 2016 primary and has often questioned Clinton 's financial ties to Wall Street . "  Elizabeth Warren won by a large margin because she inspires Democrats by valiantly fighting for populist progressive policies to address income inequality in the face of Wall Street resistance -- and because she regularly engages with the grassroots base of her party , " said Charles Chamberlain , the group 's executive director , in a release of the poll . He noted , however , that the poll 's biggest finding is not that support for Warren among liberal voters is widespread , but that progressives want to make sure that the Democratic nomination process is a "  contest , not a coronation . " Vice President Joe Biden , rumored to be considering a third presidential bid , was selected by 2 % of those polled . Clinton , a far-and-away frontrunner in most other polls of mainstream Democrats and American voters , is widely expected to launch a presidential bid . Whether Warren or Sanders will throw their hats in the ring is not as clear . Warren repeatedly told CNN 's Gloria Borger in an interview that she has no intention of running for president . But as her clout as a progressive firebrand has grown , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid appointed her to his leadership team , a move party leaders hope will bring more left-leaning voters into the fold and increase the party 's chances of winning back Senate seats in 2016 . Democracy for America -- founded by former Vermont governor and former presidential candidate Howard Dean -- now boasts one million members , with nearly 165 thousand total votes cast in this poll . Since the group 's founding in 2004 , members have raised more than $ 32.7 million to support progressive candidates . Participants , surveyed between Nov. 6 and Nov. 18 , were permitted to select and rank up to three total candidates they 'd like to see run in 2016 .	A new poll of progressives gives Sen. Elizabeth Warren a double digit lead over Hillary Clinton Clinton is expected to run in 2016 , but it 's not clear whether Warren and Sanders will
Wired  -- Film is an exceedingly delicate material . It 's highly flammable , ca n't always go through TSA checkpoints , and , as it turns out , can be easily destroyed by fungus . A few years ago South Korean artist Seung-Hwan Oh read a BBC article about this fungus problem affecting film archives . He realized they were right : "  I noticed that mold on badly stored film can eat away and destroy its contents , " he says . "  And then I realized that I may deliver the idea of impermanence of matter applying this natural disaster into my work . " It 's a heady notion , but when Oh talks about ` impermanence ' he 's talking about the "  idea that all the matter , including all the life forms , collapse in the spatial-temporal dimension we belong to . " It 's his inspiration in this series , and it 's based on the second law of thermodynamics , which states that as usable energy in the universe gets used -- to power life , and grow organisms -- unusable energy increases and creates a state of growing randomness and chaos . Put differently , Oh started letting mold grow on his film . Rather than worrying about fungus , he embraced it . To do that Oh had to set up a micro-fungus farm in his studio . Film gets stashed away in a warm , wet environment where fungus can grow . Oh will sometimes take mold that grows naturally on bread and rice and paste it into the prints , but that 's about as much control as he can exercise over the outcome . For such a gnarly material , the results often look like the cosmos , splashed across a photograph . At times the prints are haunting for their ability to distort a portrait into a ghostly scene -- as if the subjects are vampires that ca n't be caught on camera . But it 's also a painstaking medium to work in : "  To put thing in perspective , only one out of 500 frames of medium format color reversal film comes out properly and I only have 15 of them so far since I started the project in 2010 . " American schools are training kids for a world that does n't exist The murderous , sometimes sexy history of the mermaid Apple and Facebook pay for female employees to freeze eggs The most beautiful products for unwinding after your work is done Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	South Korean artist Seung-Hwan Oh creates beautiful portraits by letting mold grow on film To get the colorful effect , he covers the film with mold and then stashes it away in a warm , wet place Oh is inspired by the idea of impermanence
CNN  -- It 's hard to imagine a video of lawyers debating points of constitutional law going viral on YouTube , but the audience for the Proposition 8 trial -- a lawsuit seeking to overturn California 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage -- is potentially vast . Unfortunately , that audience will have to wait . U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker had decided to allow the proceedings to be taped , then aired on YouTube . But as the trial was set to begin Monday morning , the U.S. Supreme Court issued an order blocking its broadcast . Our camera-phobic high court is making a mistake . Public access should be encouraged , not thwarted , in court cases involving divisive issues -- all the more so when judicial power is invoked in an effort to invalidate the outcome of a vote . Although some Supreme Court justices might worry that cameras in the courtroom undermine the legitimacy of the judicial process , the reality is just the opposite . The Prop 8 trial is a case in point . People on both sides of the same-sex marriage issue are accustomed to a political process coarsened by ideological rhetoric and political posturing . If they can view the Prop 8 trial via YouTube , they will be surprised by what they see : a decision-making process devoid of politics , in which a thoughtful and unbiased judge asks hard questions of both sides ' lawyers in search of legal rules reflecting neutral principles , not political fiat . At a time when most Americans have lost confidence in the government 's ability to act in the general interest , the potentially huge audience for the Prop 8 trial would see that at least one branch of government tries to make decisions on the merits . Broadcasting the trial will confer legitimacy on the proceedings as nothing else can . Legitimacy matters . If , in the end , Judge Walker upholds Prop 8 , rejecting challenges to its constitutionality , opponents of the law will feel angry and aggrieved -- to put it mildly . But if they have viewed the trial online , they are less likely to feel victimized in a process that was politically rigged . Defenders of Prop 8 are against broadcasting the trial because they believe it would infringe on their right to a fair trial . They claim that release of videos on YouTube would expose participants to harassment . The concern about harassment is not trivial . Some financial contributors to the Prop 8 campaign were harassed following voter approval of the law in November 2008 . Much as I disagree with their position on same-sex marriage , harassment infringes their First Amendment right to participate in the political process . But the trial judge is sensitive to these issues and would be able to minimize the risk of harassment . Under the camera access procedures adopted by Judge Walker , the court would control the video cameras and can make sure that certain witnesses are not shown on camera , if necessary . In any case , most trial participants are people who , because of their prominence in the electoral campaign , have chosen to have a high public profile on same-sex marriage . They expect to be recognized and identified with this issue . They have , or should have , thick skins . Their First Amendment right to join the political fray must be balanced against the public 's First Amendment right to know what transpires in the courtroom . There is no secret justice in the American judicial system . Courts must be open to assure the parties receive a fair trial and to give the public the necessary confidence that the laws are applied justly . To be sure , the First Amendment does n't require public access to include television broadcast or online distribution . But when judges exercise their discretion to open their courtrooms to cameras , that choice should be upheld . Let 's hope the Supreme Court quickly rescinds its order blocking online distribution of the Prop 8 trial video . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Peter Scheer .	Peter Scheer : Trial seeking to overturn California 's gay marriage ban should be taped Scheer : YouTube viewers will see tough , fair arguments on merits of case Discussion will be out in the open and free of political posturing , he writes He believes the concerns of videotaping opponents can be addressed
CNN  -- Apple has settled a lawsuit filed by parents who say their kids downloaded free games from the mobile App Store and then proceeded to rack up hefty bills buying in-game extras . Under the proposed settlement of a 2011 class-action lawsuit , Apple will offer a $ 5 iTunes gift card to any U.S. parent who claims that their child paid for extras without their knowledge . The company will offer larger credits , or cash refunds , for people who can show that their bills were larger than $ 5 . On Friday , the deal will go before a federal judge , who is expected to approve it . The proposed settlement , first reported by legal-news site Law360 and tech blog GigaOM , does not state how much Apple will pay overall or how many users are affected . Apple will create a website for people interested in cashing in on the settlement and send an e-mail notification to roughly 23 million customers . People who want more than $ 5 must show that a larger amount was racked up by their kids in any 45-day period . Those who can show more than $ 30 in purchases may choose a cash refund instead of an Apple credit . Purchases made until the date of the settlement would be eligible for refunds . An Apple spokesman said the company would have no comment on the proposed settlement . In the past few years , this "  freemium " business model has become increasingly popular in mobile and social gaming . Zynga games like "  FarmVille " led the way for games that are free to download and play but then require players to pay small fees for in-game upgrades or premium content . Those fees can add up quickly . The lawsuit came after media reports of several cases in which kids ' in-game purchases led to parental sticker shock . Kevin Ofel , an editor at GigaOM , wrote that he got a 2010 iTunes bill for $ 375 after his kids spent money on the game "  TapFish , " a virtual aquarium that can be loosely described as "  FarmVille " under water . The lure of digital fish is apparently a strong one . A Florida father reported that his 7-year-old amassed a $ 613 bill playing the same game . On its iTunes page , the latest version of the game , "  TapFish 2 , " lists "  top in-app purchases " ranging from 99 cents up to $ 19.99 . The game is listed as appropriate for children 4 and older . The settlement notes that Apple offers paid content on free games that are rated appropriate for children older than 4 , 9 and 12 in its App Store . In 2011 , Apple revised its in-app purchasing policy , requiring users to re-enter their account password before paying for enhancements within games . The lawsuit was filed after that policy change , with plaintiffs arguing that it did n't go far enough since minors could still make purchases .	Apple settles lawsuit over in-game iTunes purchases by kids Parents claimed kids racked up huge bills for "  freemium " games like "  TapFish " Apple will offer credits or cash refunds for people who can show their bills Anyone can get $ 5 in iTunes credit , and parents with bigger claims can receive more
CNN  -- President Barack Obama should use the breathing space provided by the fiscal-cliff compromise to address some of the issues that he shelved during his last term . One of the most urgent is child farm labor . Perhaps the least protected , underpaid work force in American labor , children are often the go-to workers for farms looking to cut costs . It 's easy to see why . The Department of Labor permits farms to pay employees under 20 as little as $ 4.25 per hour .  By comparison , the federal minimum wage is $ 7.25 .  And unlike their counterparts in retail and service , child farm laborers can legally work unlimited hours at any hour of day or night . The numbers are hard to estimate , but between direct hiring , hiring through labor contractors , and off-the-books work beside parents or for cash , perhaps 400,000 children , some as young as 6 , weed and harvest for commercial farms . A Human Rights Watch 2010 study shows that children laboring for hire on farms routinely work more than 10 hours per day . As if this were not bad enough , few labor safety regulations apply . Children 14 and older can work long hours at all but the most dangerous farm jobs without their parents ' consent , if they do not miss school . Children 12 and older can too , as long as their parents agree . Unlike teen retail and service workers , agricultural laborers 16 and older are permitted to operate hazardous machinery and to work even during school hours . In addition , Human Rights Watch reports that child farm laborers are exposed to dangerous pesticides ; have inadequate access to water and bathrooms ; fall ill from heat stroke ; suffer sexual harassment ; experience repetitive-motion injuries ; rarely receive protective equipment like gloves and boots ; and usually earn less than the minimum wage . Sometimes they earn nothing . Little is being done to guarantee their safety . In 2011 Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis proposed more stringent agricultural labor rules for children under 16 , but Obama scrapped them just eight months later . Adoption of the new rules would be no guarantee of enforcement , however . According to the 2010 Human Rights Watch report , the Department of Labor employees were spread so thin that , despite widespread reports of infractions they found only 36 child labor violations and two child hazardous order violations in agriculture nationwide . This lack of oversight has dire , sometimes fatal , consequences . Last July , for instance , 15-year-old Curvin Kropf , an employee at a small family farm near Deer Grove , Illinois , died when he fell off the piece of heavy farm equipment he was operating , and it crushed him . According to the Bureau County Republican , he was the fifth child in fewer than two years to die at work on Sauk Valley farms . If this year follows trends , Curvin will be only one of at least 100 children below the age of 18 killed on American farms , not to mention the 23,000 who will be injured badly enough to require hospital admission . According to Center for Disease Control and Prevention statistics , agriculture is one of the most dangerous industries . It is the most dangerous for children , accounting for about half of child worker deaths annually . The United States has a long tradition of training children in the craft of farming on family farms . At least 500,000 children help to work their families ' farms today . Farm parents , their children , and the American Farm Bureau objected strenuously to the proposed new rules . Although children working on their parents ' farms would specifically have been exempted from them , it was partly in response to worries about government interference in families and loss of opportunities for children to learn agricultural skills that the Obama administration shelved them . Whatever you think of family farms , however , many child agricultural workers do n't work for their parents or acquaintances . Despite exposure to all the hazards , these children never learn the craft of farming , nor do most of them have the legal right to the minimum wage . And until the economy stabilizes , the savings farms realize by hiring children makes it likely that even more of them will be subject to the dangers of farm work . We have a responsibility for their safety . As one of the first acts of his new term , Obama should reopen the child agricultural labor proposal he shelved in spring of 2012 . Surely , farm labor standards for children can be strengthened without killing off 4-H or Future Farmers of America . Second , the Department of Labor must institute age , wage , hour and safety regulations that meet the standards set by retail and service industry rules . Children in agriculture should not be exposed to more risks , longer hours , and lower wages at younger ages than children in other jobs . Finally , the Department of Labor and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration must allocate the funds necessary for meaningful enforcement of child labor violations . Unenforced rules wo n't protect the nearly million other children who work on farms . Agriculture is a great American tradition . Let 's make sure it 's not one our children have to die for . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cristina Traina .	Cristina Traina : Obama should strengthen child farm labor standards She says Labor Dept. rules allow kids to work long hours for little pay on commercial farms She says Obama administration scrapped Labor Dept. chief 's proposal for tightening rules She says Labor Dept. must fix lax standards for kid labor on farmers ; OSHA must enforce them
CNN  -- A 75-year-old Australian missionary who traveled to North Korea as part of a tour group has been detained there , his wife said . John Short had with him some Gospel tracts in Korean "  which seem to be at the core of the detention , " his wife said in a statement Wednesday . "  It is alleged he is being asked questions such as , ` Who sent you ? ' , ` To what organization do you belong ? ' , ` Who translated this material into Korean ? ' " his wife , Karen Short , said . North Korea has n't so far commented on the reported detention . Short , who lives in Hong Kong , went to Pyongyang on Saturday . The next night , police questioned him at his hotel and took him into custody , according to the statement . His family found out about the detention only after another member of the group returned to China on Tuesday . "  He has been the only source of information , " the wife 's statement said . Short has been arrested multiple times while doing evangelical work in China "  for speaking out about brutality against Chinese Christians , " according to a biography on a religious website named Gospel Attract . In the 1990s , he became "  persona non grata " with Chinese authorities for almost two years and was unable to visit mainland China , the biography said . The Australian consulate in Hong Kong said the Australian government is aware of the report . Since Australia does not have diplomatic relations with North Korea , the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang is handling representations on its behalf . Last year , North Korea sentenced Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American , to 15 years of hard labor on charges he planned to topple the government through religious activities . Washington has repeatedly called on Pyongyang to release Bae , expressing concerns about his health . But Kim Jong Un 's regime has so far refused to budge . Bae , 45 , was widely reported to have been carrying out missionary work in North Korea . His family says he ran a company specializing in tours of the secretive country . North Korea has a number of state-controlled churches , but the authoritarian Communist regime does n't tolerate independent religious activities . The regime "  considers the spread of Christianity a particularly serious threat , since it challenges ideologically the official personality cult and provides a platform for social and political organization and interaction outside the realm of the state , " a United Nations panel said in a report released this week . "  People caught practicing Christianity are subject to severe punishments in violation of the right to freedom of religion and the prohibition of religious discrimination , " the report by the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea said . CNN 's Tim Schwarz , Jethro Mullen and Chieu Luu contributed to this report .	John Short , 75 , had with him some Gospel tracts , his wife says The Australian government says it is aware of reports of his detention North Korea is already holding a Korean-American reported to have done missionary work The secretive regime does n't tolerate independent religious activities
CNN  -- The Pennsylvania minister who was defrocked for officiating his son 's same-sex wedding was reinstated Tuesday by the United Methodist Church . Frank Schaefer , pastor at Zion United Methodist Church of Iona in Lebanon , had his credentials restored and is now entitled to lost salary and benefits since his defrocking in December , according to a written decision released by the church . Schaefer was waiting for a phone call to inform him of the church 's verdict , when he received the happy news as an e-mail attachment . He opened up the PDF . "  I had to scroll all the way to the bottom to find out what the verdict was , and the verdict was that I am reinstated as an ordained minister of the United Methodist Church , " he told a group of people . They broke into applause . His suspension Schaefer was suspended for 30 days following his initial trial , with the condition that after his suspension he was to deliver a written report assuring the judiciary board that going forward he would never officiate another same-sex wedding . When Schaefer refused to do so , he was defrocked . Schaefer told CNN then that he could not commit to a statement like that because he has two more children who are gay . His appeal was heard Friday by a nine-member committee , which upheld the original 30-day suspension that Schaefer had already served . Bishop Peggy Johnson , leader of the church 's Eastern Pennsylvania Conference , said in a statement that she will abide by the committee 's decision and will return Schaefer to active service as an ordained clergy member . The appellate committee unanimously determined that Schaefer 's defrocking was "  unlawful " because a clergyman can only be punished for what he has been convicted of doing in the past , not for what he may or may not do in the future , the decision read . "  I ca n't even begin to describe how meaningful this ` refrocking ' is to me , " Schaefer said in a statement immediately following the appeal decision . "  I never did understand the severity of my punishment for an act of love for my son , Tim , " Schaefer said . The United Methodist Church says it welcomes members regardless of sexual orientation , but same-sex marriages can not be performed in Methodist churches or by ordained ministers under church policy . How it started The initial complaint was filed by one of Schaefer 's church members who read about his son 's wedding in a newspaper , and the church leadership decided to act upon it , Schaefer said . Schaefer was found guilty by a jury of 13 clergy members and suspended for 30 days in November 2013 . After his suspension Schaefer told the Board of Ordained Ministry that he could not uphold the church 's Book of Discipline in its entirety because it discriminates against gay people . Schaefer was asked to immediately surrender his credentials , but he refused , forcing church officials to defrock him , the statement said . Schaefer previously told CNN 's Zoraida Sambolin that his son asked him to officiate his wedding in 2007 and he decided to do it "  out of love for him . " Although he once believed that homosexuality was incompatible with his Christian beliefs , Schaefer said his views on the controversial topic evolved . "  By the time our son came out , I was ready to embrace him , " Schaefer told Sambolin . A precedent case In March , the United Methodist Church dropped its case against a New York clergyman , Thomas Ogletree , who had also officiated his son 's same-sex wedding . Ogletree was instead ordered to join others from varying perspectives in a public forum that "  shall reflect a variety of different opinions and understandings . " Upon hearing of that decision , Schaefer told CNN in March , "  It does n't seem fair , two United Methodist minsters are charged with the same exact ` crime ' of officiating at their son 's same-sex weddings -- one is defrocked , the other one 's case is dropped without conditions . " Jimmy Creech , the first United Methodist minister to be defrocked over performing a same-sex marriage ceremony in 1999 , acted as an adviser to Schaefer during the trial . "  The decision is a win for Frank Schaefer , for the United Methodist Church , and for the movement toward justice and equality for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender United Methodists , " Creech said in a statement . Schaefer said that he is now considering an offer to serve in the ministry of the California-Pacific Annual Conference of the United Methodist Church . "  Today 's decision shows that the church is moving toward love over legalism , " Schaefer said in his statement Tuesday . "  Their movement of love embraced me and together we are moving forward to bring about that day when our denomination no longer excludes any of God 's beloved children . And I will continue to work toward that goal , " he said .	Rev. Frank Schaefer is reinstated following his appeal trial Schaefer was defrocked in December for officiating son 's same-sex wedding "  Decision shows that the church is moving toward love over legalism , " he says Credentials will be restored ; he is entitled to lost salary and benefits
CNN  -- When other people suffer misfortunes , we feel sorry for them . Or do we ? More than we probably want to admit , we sometimes are secretly pleased . Does a Red Sox fan feel happy to see a Yankee fan miserable over a humiliating loss ? Would a Democrat ever tire of watching replays of Mitt Romney 's Etch A Sketch moments ? Do you find yourself consuming the tabloid news , riveted by coverage of disasters in the gossip columns ? The German language has a word for this feeling , schadenfreude , or , pleasure caused by the misfortunes of others . Most people feel uneasy taking pleasure in the misfortunes of others . Our parents gave us stern , shaming looks if we laughed when others got into trouble . Maybe this is one reason why there is no word for schadenfreude in some languages , such as English . Just because we do n't have a label for it in English does n't mean the feeling does n't exist . It 's very real , and you must have experienced it at some point in your life , or know someone who has . So , why do we feel schadenfreude ? One reason comes down to the simple fact that we often gain from other people 's misfortunes . Much of life involves competition . Napoleon advised , "  Never interrupt an enemy when he is making a mistake . " Misfortunes happening to rivals can level the competition . Any sympathy we might feel is mixed with the pleasing effects of the benefit that may come our way . Self-interest is a powerful motive , and it is only natural to feel good if we are gaining from an event , even if it is from another person 's misfortune . A team of University of Kentucky researchers led by David Combs recently provided good evidence for this in the blood sport of politics . In a series of studies published in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology , they screened participants for their party allegiance and then asked them to privately give their emotional reactions to news events , some of which were embarrassing to either the Democrat or Republican presidential candidates from the 2006 and 2008 elections . Overall , Democrats were much more pleased than Republicans when a Republican candidate suffered and Republicans were much more pleased than Democrats when a Democratic candidate suffered . These two groups seemed to live in separate parallel universes . Such findings come as no surprise to anyone who follows politics and who feels the effects of the election outcomes in the gut . Comedian Stephen Colbert captured the point during the summer of the most recent presidential campaign , when the economic indicators were looking bad for the incumbent , Obama , "  I 've got some good news and some bad news . The good news is there 's plenty of bad news , which is great news for Mitt Romney . " The studies led by Combs used private reports , but were the participants being completely frank ? Did they even know their true feelings ? Social neuroscientists Mina Cikara , Matthew Botvinick , and Susan Fiske in a study published in Psychological Science provided more corroborating evidence for schadenfreude using sports fans rather than political junkies . They took advantage of the natural , storied rivalry between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees , and recruited diehard fans from each group . These fans watched simulated baseball plays while placed in a brain scanner . The plays involved their own team playing against their rival or playing against a neutral team . Pleasure-related brain activation was linked with the rival losing ; pain-related activation was linked with their own team losing . Notice that these examples come from intergroup competition . Often , our identity with a group affects our emotions . If our group comes out on top , that gives us a boost . In a classic demonstration , research led by Edward Hirt at Indiana University showed that Big Ten fans felt more optimistic about their own personal abilities  from throwing darts to success in asking attractive people out for a date  after their team won than after it lost . As a long-suffering Red Sox fan , I can attest to the elixir provided by "  our " defeating the Yankees ' in the American League playoff in 2004 and then going on to win the World Series . There is something about intergroup dynamics that brings emotions like schadenfreude out into the open . The tribal , "  us " vs. "  them " mindset seems easily evoked , and it is thrilling to win at a rival group 's expense . Maybe , we feel less guilty and selfish in our pleasure when it 's "  for the team . " Schadenfreude is a natural feeling , and there is little use in berating ourselves over its easy arousal . But let 's not encourage it , either . Apparently , those who experience schadenfreude may also express willingness to harm a rival fan or group . So let 's keep schadenfreude in check . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard H. Smith .	Richard Smith : When people suffer misfortunes , we feel sorry for them , or do we ? Smith : More than we probably want to admit , we sometimes are secretly pleased He says in sports , politics , schadenfreude tend to be brought out into the open Smith : Schadenfreude is a natural emotion , we should n't berate ourselves for feeling it
CNN  -- Think of eight people you know . One of them may go to bed hungry tonight . Not surprisingly , about 98 % of hungry people live in developing countries and the crisis will likely get worse . Over the next 12 years , the United Nations projects the global population will hit 8 billion people . If we want to solve the problem , we first have to target the people who produce the food . For nearly 70 years , Heifer International has been working with small farming communities to raise productivity and create a surplus that can be sold or provided to other hungry people . Next , we focus on the women . There are 600 million small farmers and herders in the world , but one of the key reasons there are so many hungry people is because nearly half of those farmers are women . Even though they are as equally capable as male farmers , these women face challenges that cause them to grow less food . According to a recent report by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations  FAO  , women farmers typically have less land to farm and probably do n't own that land . They own fewer farm animals and have less access to improved seeds . In addition , they have lower education levels than men and are less likely to get credit or insurance . In fact , if women farmers were on the same playing field as their male counterparts , the FAO says the number of hungry people in the world would be reduced by up to 17 % . So how do we level that playing field ? We connect the unconnected . This is simply organizing farmers -- connecting them to each other , to supply chains and then to markets . But it goes deeper than traditional community development . Communities have to become engaged in a journey of personal transformation as individuals , families and villages . For success to be solid , there must be harmony that connects and heals the psychological and social effects of generations of poverty and hunger . It takes months of training for this transformation to take root . Only then does the physical transfer of livestock and other agricultural inputs like goats , heifers , seeds or trees take place . Then we prepare the families and work together to build pro-poor , wealth-creating systems to get their products into markets . The transformation we witness in community after community is a path from hopelessness to a sense of personal leadership , ownership and purpose . Self-confidence is built and equality develops between men and women . It is so powerful to watch people being incredibly proud that they have made the step from feeling oppressed , diminished and insignificant to becoming part of the solution . One of our largest programs is Rural Entrepreneurs for Agricultural Cooperation in Haiti . It 's a five-year commitment to rebuild rural communities and improve economic opportunities . By the end of the project , we will have helped more than 20,000 vulnerable rural families with jobs , skills training and disaster preparedness . Working faster and bigger has to be our ultimate goal so that the small farmers of today can be fed and can prepare for the rapidly growing population . Success will depend on deeply embedded social engagement on the part of those farmers . And , on our part , to connect with them in ways that are supportive , patient and ultimately highly productive . Ending world hunger can be done .	About 98 % of hungry people live in developing countries Heifer International 's mission to end world hunger begins with small farmers Women make up nearly half of farmers , yet challenges cause them to grow less food Heifer International believes empowering women is key to ending the global hunger crisis
CNN  -- Enough talk about drifting cruise ships with overflowing toilets -- that 's cruising 's rare dark side . On the other hand , how about a four-story waterslide , lots of kids ' programming and a private island ? Decked out with these spiffy amenities , Disney 's newest cruise ships took top honors at the 2013 Cruise Critic Cruisers ' Choice Awards , the website announced Wednesday . "  Disney has done a great job at expanding without losing what makes it unique : characters and Disney-style entertainment , " says Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor of CruiseCritic.com , a popular website for cruising aficionados . "  You can have multigenerational groups because they 're providing something for every generation . " Five things we 've learned about cruising The Disney Fantasy trounced the competition in the best large ship category , winning for best overall ship , best cabins , best entertainment , best public rooms and best service . The Fantasy 's maiden voyage was in March of last year . The Disney Dream , which first sailed in 2011 , won for best shore excursions in the large ship category . Large ships carry at least 2,000 passengers . Carnival cruise investigation under way While the Cruise Critic website boasts more than 100,000 reviews , this year 's winners are culled from the thousands of reviews posted in 2012 . While anyone can join the website to discuss the ins and outs of cruising , Brown promises that staffers vetting the reviews and veteran cruisers can spot phonies or industry plants . It helps that every ship has had a Cruise Critic staffer sailing on it at some point . "  Cruise travel is so much more complicated than a hotel stay and we have  reviewing  guidelines , " she says . Disney has fine dining and tours for adults The new Disney ships feature almost Michelin-level fine dining , elegant on-board spa services , and adult-only tours , says Brown . The "  fantastic kids program " is spread over almost an entire deck of space and includes animation projects , princess and hero dress up , Disney movies , outdoor fun and other activities . The children are divided by age to ensure toddlers and teens have different activities . In other best large ship wins , the Celebrity Reflection won for best dining , and Celebrity Eclipse won for best value for money . The Royal Caribbean 's Allure of the Seas won for best for fitness and best for embarkation . "  Celebrity has most the interesting , beautiful and fun ships in cruising for an adult and the Reflection is the newest , " launching last October , says Brown . The ship is known for its food , the spa has become pretty and there 's an actual lawn on the top deck , which attracts birds in the middle of the ocean , she says . A cruise is a safe and healthy vacation In the midsized ship category  1,200 to 1,999 passengers  , Holland America 's ms Noordam won for best overall ship while sister ship ms Westerdam won for best for fitness and best shore excursions . Oceania 's Marina won for best cabins , best dining and best public rooms .  The "  ms " in the Holland America ship names stands for "  motor ship . "  The Thomson Dream won for best service and best entertainment , the Norwegian Spirit won for best value for money and Celebrity Summit won best for embarkation . In the small ship category  1,199 passengers or fewer  , the Azamara Quest won for best overall ship , best for fitness and best for service while the Azamara Journey won for best value for money . The Crystal Serenity took the prize for best dining and best entertainment while the Crystal Symphony won for best public rooms . The Seabourn Odyssey won for best cabins , Regent Seven Seas ' Seven Seas Navigator took best shore excursions and Windstar 's Wind Surf won for best for embarkation . Opinion : What cruise lines do n't want you to know If you 've been on a cruise , please share any tips for first-time cruisers in the comments section below . If you 've never been on a cruise , please ask questions here .	Cruise Critic analyzes reviews by their readers to select the best cruise ships of the year Disney 's newest ships feature a four-deck water slide and visits to a private island The Celebrity ships focus on fine dining and the spa experience to appeal to the adult traveler
CNN  -- The South Sudanese government and rebels signed a ceasefire deal last Thursday after more than a month of fighting that forced more than 600,000 people from their homes . But both sides have reported violations of the ceasefire , and it remains unclear if the truce will hold . The country erupted into violence on December 15 when rebels loyal to ousted Vice President Riek Machar tried to stage a coup . Violence quickly spread , with reports of mass killings emerging nationwide . The conflict has been a huge blow for South Sudan , a far cry from the country President Salva Kiir declared in early December to be "  open for business . " The world 's youngest nation remains under construction and as it tries to maintain a fragile peace it will also need to reassure investors and get its economy back on track . These are a few of the pivotal economic issues likely to affect South Sudan 's trade and investment in the future . Oil industry South Sudan is the world 's most oil-dependent nation , according to the World Bank , accounting for almost all of the country 's exports and 80 % of GDP . The Chinese government has invested heavily in the South Sudanese oil industry and in 2012 , China pledged $ 8 billion in development loans for hydroelectricity and infrastructure projects following Kiir 's visit to Beijing . Figures from the International Monetary Fund reflect South Sudan 's rapid rise . Last year , the country , with an estimated population of 10.3 million , experienced astonishing growth of 24.7 % . Before the conflict the economy was projected to grow 43 % in 2014 . However , much of South Sudan 's new-found wealth is yet to filter down to its people and after 20 years of civil war much of the population remains impoverished and half living below the poverty line , surviving in a subsistence economy . Trade with neighbors Uganda and Kenya South Sudan has four major trading partners in the East African community -- Uganda , Kenya , Ethiopia and Sudan . Following a 2005 peace deal in Sudan between the country 's government and the separatist movement in the south , trade began to increase between Southern Sudan -- then a region -- and neighboring Uganda . Today , South Sudan is Uganda 's biggest export market with cement , vehicles , iron and steel making up the bulk of trade while in 2010 and 2011 , coffee generated revenues of $ 51.1 million , according to the African Development Bank . The country has also applied to join the East African Community , a regional economic body , which encourages free trade between its members . John Small , chief executive of the Eastern African Association , an organization that represents foreign investors in the region , said that other countries were beginning to look to South Sudan as a strong trading partner . He said : "  It 's a growing market for Kenyan goods . Pretty much everything you get there is imported from or through Kenya " including tobacco and tea . LAPSSET Corridor The LAPSSET project , first conceived in 1975 could help solve South Sudan 's oil transportation problems , which are steeped in its hostile relations with Sudan . LAPSSET -- or Lamu Port and Lamu-Southern Sudan-Ethiopia Transport Corridor -- is part of Kenya 's Vision 2030 plan and will include a network of roads , railway lines , oil refineries and pipelines running between South Sudan and Kenya 's Lamu Port , on the Indian Ocean . South Sudan took 75 % of Sudanese oil when it gained independence in 2011 , but much of the infrastructure needed to transport the oil for export remains under the control of the government in Khartoum . This has stifled production and sparked disputes over revenues . Small said regional cooperation , particularly with Sudan , is still the "  single biggest challenge " South Sudan faces in exploiting its oil reserves . "  A pipeline takes a lot of time and money , " he said , "  but with an agreement with Sudan , at least that gives you revenues , which you can then borrow against to build another pipeline . " The LAPSSET links would open up a vital artery for landlocked South Sudan to export its oil to the coast and offer a viable alternative to the current terminal at Port Sudan . Mustafa Biong , director general of information for the government of South Sudan , believes it will take "  up to five years " before the country can export through Uganda and Kenya . Kiir 's government is also planning to construct 4,000 kilometers of new roads throughout the country and 248 kilometers of rail lines to connect the most remote areas , including Juba , with Ugandan and Kenyan networks . Inflows of foreign investment Foreign investors have flocked to the country in recent years , attracted by its vast untapped resources including oil and minerals . In South Sudan 's investment report , the government states that it is aiming to diversify the nation 's economy away from oil as much as possible by investing in financial services , agriculture and fisheries . Biong said any investors deterred by the violence will not stay away for long . "  Investors will come back , " he said , "  they have made commitments here and they can see they can see the potential . " But South Sudan will have its work cut out regaining their trust and reassuring them that the country is a secure place to do business . Watch this : Conflict hurting South Sudan business	South Sudan 's government and rebels agreed on a cease-fire Oil accounts for almost all of the country 's exports Uganda and Kenya vital to South Sudan trade South Sudan 's economy grew by 24.7 % in 2013
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military is pounding Taliban targets in the country 's Swat Valley , trying to clear militants who control parts of the district 's main city , military officials said . Pakistani army trucks transport cannons for the military operation against the Taliban . The Pakistani forces had killed 35 militants in Wednesday 's fighting , the officials said . The officials said there are reports of some civilian casualties in Wednesday 's fighting -- which has been concentrated in Swat 's district capital of Mingora -- but they denied local media reports that 35 civilians died . An eyewitness said he saw the bodies of 15 civilians were being taken from a village near Mingora on Wednesday . Twelve of the dead were children . Taliban militants have laid siege to Mingora , looting banks , attacking army headquarters , the police station , and the main power grid station , the officials said . They are also occupying civilian houses and government buildings in the city center , according to the military . See a map of Taliban-controlled areas " The fighting has trapped 80 boys inside an orphanage in the city , according to Muhammad Ali , the director of the facility . Another 20 staffers are also holed up inside the four-story building , and they only have enough food for two more days , Ali said . Local government officials issued an evacuation order for the Swat area Tuesday , ahead of the military operation . An estimated 40,000 people have fled Mingora , according to Khushhal Khan , district coordination officer . Government officials warn that the fighting could lead to the exodus of 500,000 civilians . Watch as thousands flee military offensive " For the last two weeks , Pakistani troops have battled Taliban fighters in Buner and Lower Dir , two districts bordering Swat . Army generals claim to have killed scores of militants . Fighting continues in those two districts , and the operations are "  progressing smoothly , " the military said Wednesday . Militants struck a girls ' college in the area with rocket fire , partially damaging the building , the military said . Watch conditions in a refugee camp in Pakistan " Pakistan 's government recently signed a deal that would allow Islamic law , or sharia , in the Swat Valley , in exchange for an end to fighting . The government began its military operation after Taliban militants moved into the Buner district and refused to disarm , in violation of the agreement . Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari will meet with U.S. President Barack Obama and Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Wednesday in Washington . Obama is hoping to build an enduring regional alliance with both countries , enlisting them as full partners rather than treating them as battlefields for U.S. soldiers to fight extremists . Last week , Obama said Pakistan 's government appears to be "  very fragile " and argued that the United States has "  huge national security interests in making sure that Pakistan is stable " and does n't end up a "  nuclear-armed militant state . " CNN 's Samson Desta and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Pakistani military pounds Taliban fighters , killing 35 in Swat Valley offensive An estimated 40,000 people flee city of Mingora as forces clash 500,000 civilians expected to flee Swat Valley area as offensive continues Pakistani President Zardari meeting U.S. President Obama Wednesday
CNN  -- When Eldrick "  Tiger " Woods joined the ranks of professional golf a dozen years ago , it was via the heralded "  Hello , World " Nike commercial . When he steps to the podium Friday to speak to an assembled group of friends , colleagues and journalists , the world will truly be watching to see and hear the greatest golfer of this generation talk about the sordid events over the last three months that have kept him off the golf course and shredded his well-cultivated image and reputation . The broadcast networks will air live reports with their main anchors there to report and comment on every word ; the cable nets will undoubtedly have multiple individuals ready for instant analysis ; and millions will tune in to hear Tiger likely apologize and possibly say if and when he will return to competitive golf . He is n't expected to take any questions , and that has made for an angry bunch of columnists and commentators , denouncing Woods for calling a news conference to make a statement , and not undergo the grilling many want to give him . Woods has n't even said a word , and already he 's been called a spoiled , petulant child who has lived in a sheltered world of handlers since he was 2 years old . Some have even gone as far as saying nothing has changed about him and he 's showing that he is just as selfish and self-absorbed as ever . Tiger , let me be as clear as I can as to whether you owe me or the American people an explanation of the events surrounding your car accident Thanksgiving weekend : Hell no . I repeat : Tiger , you do n't owe me or anyone else anything ! I 'm sick of these sanctimonious folks who are blabbering about Woods needing to be grilled about his private behavior . Look , Tiger Woods did n't cheat on me . He 's not my daddy , brother , cousin , church member , neighbor or friend . He did n't let me down or crush my view of him . He is not and never was my role model . The only people he owes a grand apology are his wife , momma , family , maybe his friends , and his children , when they come of age . He does n't have to work hard for me to trust him again . The most important audience he has to satisfy is a very small group of people . That 's it . Nothing more . Nothing less . Ever since I was 14 , my desire was to be journalist . And in the last 27 years , I 've covered it all . In all of those years , I 've never believed I was entitled to ask anyone a question . If it was at a county government board meeting in Austin , Texas , or a city council meeting in Fort Worth , Texas , public officials made a choice to talk to me and other journalists . It 's our duty to ask ; it 's not their obligation to answer . Yes , they were public figures , but no matter how many times I asked the same question , they did n't have to talk to the media . Should they ? Yeah . Must they ? No . Every sports league has a rule requiring their locker rooms to be open to the media shortly after a game ends . Athletes are required to make themselves available or face a fine , but there is nothing that says they must answer our questions . If they choose to expound on what happened in a game , that 's their decision . But their personal life ? That choice is all up to them . We have had to bear witness to all kinds of allegations about Tiger , the married sports star and successful product pitchman , being involved in a variety of affairs with cocktail waitresses , party girls , and porn stars . The details have gone from freaky to bizarre . His reputation has taken a substantial hit ; companies he endorsed have removed his face from billboards and canceled contracts ; and by multiple  and unsubstantiated  accounts , his marriage is hanging by a thread . Yet still , he does n't owe the American public or me a damn thing . Meryl Streep has always earned my respect . When you see magazine cover stories on her , such as the recent one in Vanity Fair , she will talk about a host of subjects and pose for a ton of photos , but her family is off limits . She makes it clear : I 'll talk about the work , not my home life . Jodie Foster is the same way . If she is scheduled to discuss a movie , anything work-related is fine . But when you start asking about the father of her children , her love life and anything personal , she shuts you down quickly . In fact , her folks will let you know before the interview what the rules are . She 's consistent and clear . Intensely private people choose to remain that way , whether loving and faithful couples or a married athlete who is accused of bedding anyone and everyone . Someone 's personal life is just that , personal . None of us have the right to know what 's going on in someone else 's life when they are out of public view , especially if no laws were broken . I 've been clear that I 'm a huge Tiger Woods fan . I 've walked inside the ropes of many golf tournaments he 's played in ; shot hundreds of photos of him that hang on my wall ; and count an interview with his father , Earl Woods , as one of my all-time favorites . But journalists need to cut the crap when it comes to demanding that he owes it to us to talk to as many of us as possible . What 's amazing is that many of us are hypocrites on this subject . For example , if a journalist is fired , you will hear the suits at the company say they can not discuss the actions behind the move "  because it 's a personnel matter . " Wait . Is n't a TV anchor , columnist or reporter a public figure ? In some cities , they are considered celebrities . So the rules are different for us ? In fact , what if a reporter covered a news conference and returned with a team owner or elected official saying the following about one of their employees : "  That 's a personnel matter and I 'm not at liberty to share with you the details of his termination . " Would that editor , news director , or network president say that is acceptable ? No ! They would jump all over the reporter "  to do their job " and keep digging to find out what happened . And the columnists and bloggers would be ripping them to shreds . So what 's the difference between them and Tiger ? Personnel ? Personal ? Hello ! Is n't it amazing how different the view looks from the other side of the river ? iReport : Share your reaction to Woods ' statement We live in an age where public figures often share with the world who they slept with , want to sleep with , what they ate , what they wear , their travel and everything else . Nothing is off limits . The public craves it all on blogs , and in magazines , newspapers , TV and radio . For me , I do n't care about any of it . All I want is to see is a good movie , dance to a great song , watch an awesome sporting event , and witness one golfer take on his peers to become the greatest in the game . When that public figure , whether Meryl , Jodie or Tiger , chooses to walk off the public stage , they do n't owe me or anyone else an explanation . Their body of work is all that matters and that is what we will discuss for generations to come . Nothing more . Nothing less . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland S. Martin says Tiger Woods does n't need to apologize to America He says golfer may have to make amends to family and very close friends All that matters to public about Tiger Woods is what he does on golf course , Martin says Tiger Woods breaks his silence Friday at 11 a.m. ET . Watch it live on CNN , CNN.com or your iPhone
CNN  -- With its over-saturated colors and vivid scenery , Disneyland does n't really need the help of an Instagram filter . Yet the House of Mouse 's California theme park has been named the world 's most Instagrammed location in 2014 , clocking up more geo-tagged snapshots than any other . Beyond the rides and slides of Disneyland , the photo sharing website 's annual top 10 hot destinations includes fewer surprises that last year . Bangkok 's luxury shopping mall , Siam Paragon , the unusual winner of 2013 's top spot , dropped to number four in 2014 . The continuous success of the mall  it ranked number two in 2012  has been attributed to the rise of photo sharing in Southeast Asia . "  Siam Paragon itself is more than just a shopping mall in Western terms . Aside from the many shops , cafes and restaurants -- taking a photo of your food/coffee is standard -- there 's an aquarium , cinema and more , " Jon Russell , Asia editor of global technology blog Thenextweb.com , told CNN last year . Moscow moments Otherwise , the United States held sway , claiming five top slots , three of them in New York -- Madison Square , Yankee Stadium and Times Square . Six of the places in the top 10 list are new entries from this year . Moscow debuted in this year 's list with two attractions -- Gorky Park and Red Square . Paris ' Louvre Museum and The Dubai Mall are scored new entries . Most Instagrammed places in the world are : 10 . The Dubai Mall , Dubai , United Arab Emirates 9 . Yankee Stadium , New York 8 . Madison Square Garden , New York 7 . Red Square , Moscow 6 . Louvre Museum , Paris 5 . Gorky Park , Moscow 4 . Siam Paragon shopping mall , Bangkok 3 . Times Square , New York 2 . Dodger Stadium , Los Angeles , California 1 . Disneyland , Anaheim , California	Every year , Instagram reveals the most geo-tagged places in the world Disneyland in California tops the list this year . Last year 's winner Siam Paragon is bumped to fourth Moscow gets two new entries in top 10 this year
