David Koch , one of America 's richest businessmen and largest political donors , says he is just fine with giving money to candidates who hold different social views than he does because its his economic concerns that matter most . "  I 'm basically a libertarian . And I 'm a conservative on economic matters and I 'm a social liberal , " he told ABC 's Barbara Walters in an interview that aired on "  This Week . " Koch , who supports gay rights and women 's right to choose , said if candidates he gives to do n't share those ideals , "  That 's their problem . I do have those views . " "  What I want these candidates to do is to support a balanced budget , " Koch said . "  I 'm really focused intensely on economic and fiscal issues , because if those go bad the country as a whole suffers terribly . " Koch and his brother , Charles , are top executives and board members of Koch Industries , a multinational corporation that is largely involved in manufacturing , energy , trade and investments . Collectively , the Koch brothers have spent millions of dollars of their personal wealth to promote a small government , free-market agenda . Often criticized by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Democrat , for his vast campaign spending , Koch said he plays fair and by the rules of the game . "  I contribute to public candidate campaigns and there is a federal limit on how much you can contribute to each individual candidate , " Koch said . "  They have a law in that regard and I feel that I 'm doing it properly . Who are the Koch brothers ?	David Koch is pro-choice and supports gay rights , but not Democrats Koch is one of the country 's top political donors and gives largely to Republicans The libertarian supports a balanced budget
CNN  -- Greece is through to the knockout stages of the World Cup for the first time in its history after a dramatic 2-1 win against Ivory Coast in Group C. Georgios Samaras kept a cool head to net from the penalty spot in injury time to seal second place in the group behind Colombia . It was a cruel blow for the Ivorians who were themselves on course to make the knockout stages for the first time after Wilfried Bony scored in the 74th minute . The Swansea City striker had leveled the scores after Andreas Samaris had put the Greeks ahead three minutes before the break . A draw would have been enough for Sabri Lamouchi 's side but Greece 's persistence paid off when Samaras fired home a spot kick after being brought down by substitute Giovanni Sio in the 91st minute . Victory means Fernando Santos ' side finish second in Group C with four points and will now face Group D winners Costa Rica who drew with England 0-0 earlier on Tuesday . Defeat not only brought Ivory Coast 's tournament to an end but also the reign of manager Lamouchi who announced he was stepping down shortly after the match . "  I have put a lot of time and effort into the past two years but unfortunately my story with Ivory Coast ends this evening , " Lamouchi said . "  The outcome is a cruel one but the Greeks did not steal this victory . I am very disappointed and sad and also for the players and the Ivorian people , " he added . Colombia , meanwhile , will meet Uruguay in Rio on Saturday after confirming top spot in the group with another convincing display . A 4-1 win against Japan in Cuiaba ensured Jose Pekerman 's side scored maximum points from their three matches . Juan Cuadrado gave Los Cafeteros the lead in the 17th minute -- firing home from the penalty spot after Yasuyuki Konno had brought down AdriÃ ¡ n Ramos . Japan drew level on the stroke of halftime when Shinji Okazaki headed home from Keisuke Honda 's cross before Colombia ran away with the match in the second half . Jackson Martinez netted on the hour mark after substitute James Rodriguez 's neat pass allowed the Porto striker to drill a low shot past goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima . Martinez added a third with eight minutes remaining before Rodriguez banged in a fourth in the last minute of the match . Colombia 's will have to wait to see if Uruguay , who claimed second spot in Group D after beating Italy 1-0 , will be fielding Luis Suarez . The mercurial striker was once again in the spotlight for the wrong reasons after appearing to bite Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini during the match in Natal . The incident , which happened moments before Uruguay scored the winning goal , was not seen by the referee but is being investigated by FIFA . Read more : Luis Suarez embroiled in new ` biting ' storm Read more : How social media chewed up Luis Suarez	Georgios Samaras ' injury time penalty sends Greece into last 16 Greece beat Ivory Coast 2-1 to finish second in Group C Colombia beat Japan 4-1 to confirm top spot in group Colombia will face Uruguay in last 16 ; Greece to play Costa Rica
CNN  -- After eluding authorities for years from Washington state to Indiana , a notorious teenage fugitive called the "  barefoot bandit " was arrested Sunday following a high-speed boat chase in the Bahamas , police said . Police said 19-year-old Colton Harris-Moore was taken into custody without incident following the chase in the waters off Harbour Island . Authorities responded to a reported sighting of Harris-Moore just after 2 a.m ET Sunday , said police commissioner Ellison Greenslade . However , an account of the arrest offered by a spokeswoman for Romora Bay Resort and Marina described a dramatic capture befitting a James Bond film . The marina 's security director , Kenneth Strachan , saw a barefoot young man about 2 a.m. Sunday carrying a gun with a knapsack over his shoulder running up the dock . "  They 're going to kill me , " the man told Strachan , according to a statement issued by the resort . The man had arrived on Harbour Island from the nearby island of Eleuthera in a 15-foot skiff , said resort manager Anne Ward in the statement . Strachan put out a call for help , telling Ward to come as soon as possible . Upon her arrival , Ward told guards to disable the skiff 's engine as the man ran through the resort property , attempting to steal a boat from a nearby house as a crowd gathered at the marina , the statement said . However , Ward said he ran aground in the second boat , as he did n't realize how shallow the water was . Police and marina authorities surrounded his boat , and police shot out its engines , she said in the statement . "  At one point , the boy threw his computer in the water and put a gun to his head . He was going to kill himself . Police talked him out of it . " Authorities loaded the suspect into the resort 's work truck and took him to the Harbour Island police station , she said . Harris-Moore was being transported to Nassau , Bahamas , on Sunday , authorities said . Greenslade said police seized a gun and other items from him . The fact that Strachan could call for help was significant , the resort said , noting phone service on Harbour Island has been erratic since an underwater cable was cut recently . The FBI held off on confirming that the suspect was indeed "  barefoot bandit " Harris-Moore , with the agency saying it wanted to positively identify him through fingerprints . But Sunday night , the FBI announced its conclusion . "  We 've confirmed that 's it him -- the ` barefoot bandit , ' Colton Harris Moore , " said Steve Dean , assistant special agent in charge for the FBI 's Seattle , Washington , office . Greenslade said earlier Sunday that the suspect was positively identified as Harris-Moore by local authorities , and that he was seen by a doctor following his arrest and "  appeared to be in very good health . " "  The first thing I thought was that it 's my bad luck , because there 's another one right next door he could have taken , " said William Sport of Florida , who owns the second boat . He said he had just arrived on Harbour Island for his annual monthlong stay there , but that his 32-foot boat had enough fuel on board to make it back to Florida . Sport told CNN he had left the keys in the boat , although it had a cover on . The suspect took the cover off , found the keys and started the boat , he said . Sport said he believes he saw the suspect about midnight . He said he had just finished a dinner party on the boat and was walking down the dock when a young man ran past him . At the time , he thought nothing of it , he said . He found out later that the suspect had come back and swam to the boat from shore . Bahamian police have told him they will take care of repairs to his boat after shooting the engines out , he said . Harris-Moore is suspected of flying a stolen plane to the Bahamas . He has been on the run since 2008 , when he escaped from a juvenile halfway house in Renton , Washington , after pleading guilty to three counts of burglary and being sentenced to three years . He was called the "  barefoot bandit " because he was without shoes when he allegedly broke into houses . He has been linked to a series of home break-ins in Oregon and Washington , but authorities believed he moved eastward recently . He was suspected of breaking into airports in South Dakota and Nebraska , and also suspected in the thefts of several cars . Authorities in Madison County , Nebraska , issued an arrest warrant for him last month on charges of burglary and theft by unlawful taking or deception . The affidavit supporting the warrant details a crime spree fitting the alleged pattern of the elusive teen , who has amassed thousands of followers on Facebook . On Tuesday , a federal judge in Washington unsealed an indictment for airplane theft against Harris-Moore in the theft of an aircraft last year in Idaho , which was flown to Washington state and found crashed . DNA evidence and fingerprints linked Harris-Moore to the plane theft , the indictment states . Harris-Moore was linked to the theft of a single-engine plane last week at Monroe County Airport in Bloomington , Indiana . Bruce Payton , the airport director , said a 2009 Cessna 400 Corvalis was reported missing from a locked hangar . He said the owner of the plane was told by the U.S. Coast Guard that an emergency locator transmitter for the Cessna was sending out a beacon from the Bahamas . The plane was found just off Abaco Island in the Bahamas , police said , and evidence from the aircraft was taken by investigators . Authorities were also looking into several reported thefts and break-ins reported in the area since the crash-landing . The FBI had offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . An FBI statement indicated that agents believe Harris-Moore was involved in the Indiana theft , with the statement saying , "  Should you see Harris-Moore in The Bahamas , please contact the nearest Royal Bahamas Police Force Station . " Greenslade said Harris-Moore is expected to appear in court later this week . Dean said he was n't surprised at reports of Harris-Moore 's arrest . "  I 'm glad this is over , " he said . "  There was a big effort to find him , and on a small island , there were a lot of burglaries ... eventually , he was bound to be caught , " Dean said . In Yankton , South Dakota , on June 17 , residents returned to find an intruder inside the house , said Assistant Police Chief Jerry Hisek . "  He 'd eaten some of their food , took a shower , cut his hair , " Hisek said of the intruder . "  He started to run and the guy chased him into the basement of the house . " The intruder "  laser-dotted the guy and said , ' I have a gun . Get out of here , or I 'm going to kill you . ' " Hisek said the owner did not know if the individual had a laser pen or a gun . Harris-Moore was suspected in the incident , and "  we 're classifying him as armed , " Hisek said . In December , Time magazine dubbed Harris-Moore "  America 's Most Wanted Teenage Bandit , " and a Facebook site for him showed nearly 58,000 "  fans " as of Sunday . Harris Moore 's mother , Pamela Kohler , has told CNN affiliate KIRO that she wanted her son to turn himself in , but said she was "  proud " her son had actually taught himself to fly . 20th Century Fox has purchased the rights for a film based on the exploits of the young fugitive . "  I think it 's sad , very sad , " Dean said Sunday of support for Harris-Moore . "  People have been making him an idol and a hero when he 's hurt so many hard-working people , broken into homes , stolen property , ripped off businesses . It 's pretty pitiful . " CNN 's Joyce Joseph , Padma Rama , Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Gabriel Falcon and Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI confirms suspect is "  barefoot bandit " Colton Harris-Moore in custody in Bahamas , police say Resort describes dramatic arrest of teen suspect Police say the arrest followed a high-speed boat chase
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- Paul the Octopus , who correctly predicted the outcome of games during this year 's World Cup soccer tournament , has died . The eight-tentacled cephalopod oracle died of natural causes , the aquarium where he lived said Tuesday . He was 2 and a half . "  We are consoled by the knowledge that he enjoyed a good life here ... " said Stefan Porwoll , manager of the Oberhausen Sea Life Center in western Germany . "  We had all naturally grown fond of him and he will be sorely missed . " Paul enthralled millions of people around the world by correctly predicting the outcome of several World Cup matches this year . The life and times of Paul the Octopus in images His caretakers set him up to make predictions for a particular match by draping boxes in his tank with the national flags of teams that were set to play each other . The boxes contained octopus food . The caretakers divined Paul 's pick by watching to see which box he opened first . "  Paul amazed the world by correctly predicting the winners of all Germany 's World Cup clashes , and then of the final , " Porwoll said in a statement . His prescience attracted a legion of news reporters and photographers . It also inspired a special clothing line and mobile phone applications , the center said . A documentary film on Paul is scheduled to debut soon . And donations made in Paul 's name helped pay for a permanent sea turtle rescue center on the Greek island of Zakynthos . The sea center has Paul 's body in cold storage as it finalizes funeral plans . "  We may decide to give Paul his own small burial plot within our grounds and erect a modest permanent shrine , " Porwoll said . "  While this may seem a curious thing to do for a sea creature , Paul achieved such popularity during his short life that it may be deemed the most appropriate course of action . "	Paul correctly predicted the winners of all Germany 's World Cup clashes He died of natural causes His fame spawned clothing lines and mobile phone apps
St. Paul , Minnesota  CNN  -- When you 're on a college campus and you ask someone what they 're studying , one answer you do n't typically hear is "  hip hop . " But McNally Smith College of Music in St. Paul , Minnsota , is the first school in the nation to offer an accredited diploma program on the study and performance of hip hop music . For Austen Huls , it is one of the primary reasons he 's pursuing secondary education at all . His first attempt at community college , taking general education courses , did n't work out so well . "  I pretty much bombed my math class right out of the shoot , " 19-year-old Huls said . "  Then I realized I need to go to school for something that I enjoy , or at least pursue something that I enjoy , so I 'm not miserable . " Playing drums gives him more pleasure than anything . But for a long time , he 'd considered music school taboo . " -LSB- I thought to myself -RSB- ' a lot of musicians do n't go that route , ' " Huls said . "  But then I grew up in my head a little bit and I just said maybe I 'll try it . " Huls discovered McNally Smith and its three-semester hip hop diploma program . His ultimate goal is to be a big-time drummer like Travis Barker of Blink-182 . "  When I was 14 , -LSB- my brother -RSB- took me to a Blink-182 concert in Minneapolis at the Target Center . I was watching Travis Barker play the drums , and his drum set sunk into the stage , went underground , and he went into the crowd and started going nuts for the crowd . " "  That is what I want to do , and there 's no doubt in my mind . " His plan is to complete the diploma track and then consider a full degree in percussion performance . "  When I 'm sitting at home , I just go up , close my eyes and play music . It comes to me . So , like if I were to do it for a job , it would n't feel like work , and I could be having fun making my own money . " But hip hop is not a genre without its critics . "  There are people who might say , ` If you have hip hop in a college , is n't that almost a contradiction in terms ? " said McNally Smith College President Harry Chalmiers . " ` It 's a street music , it grew up in the neighborhoods , how can you have it in the college ? ' " "  This is a very important art form that is not going away , " Chalmiers tells the genre 's opponents . "  When we look at hip hop closely , we see that we can study its impact on people 's lives , on society . Where does this music come from ? When it 's angry , when it 's sometimes vicious , vile or rude , why is that ? What are people trying to say ? These are important questions to ask . " Kevin Washington , a drums and rhythm instructor on the hip hop faculty , says that the birth of hip hop resembles that of jazz music and the time is right for hip hop to be treated as such in the schools . "  Jazz started like hip hop -- out of the urban neighborhoods , black neighborhoods . There was a language , there was clothing , there was a style that everybody started copying . So when they started putting jazz in schools , there was controversy at first , " Washington said . "  I felt that we were in the same situation with that . " In the six weeks the program has been underway , there has been no sign of a collective protest . One reason could be that the curriculum is part hands-on and part textbook learning , as well . Instructors include various Twin Cities-based hip hop artists such as Toki Wright , the program 's coordinator who 's touring at venues across the country . More internationally known names are instructors as well . For example , DJ instructor Freddy Fresh had Top 40 hits in the United Kingdom and has also performed with industry figure Fatboy Slim . Founded in 1985 , the school is accredited by the National Association of Schools of Music . According to the school 's Web site , it has a yearly average of 600 students enrolled who are taught by the 100-member faculty . And to those who are surprised at the geographic locale of the first hip hop program , the Minneapolis-St . Paul area just might have more to offer than you think . "  It 's funny -- here we are in the upper Midwest , where people might think , ` Oh my gosh , it 's a backwater , you 're not New York , you 're not Los Angeles , ' " Chalmiers said . "  The Twin Cities has a really rich musical community that goes from the best chamber orchestra in the world to some of the most unique rap music collectives you 'd ever want to find . So this is a great place to do it . "	McNally Smith College of Music offers the first college diploma in hip hop Students learn about hip hop history as well as hands-on music classes Hip hop artists such as Toki Wright and DJ Freddy Fresh are among instructors
CNN  -- In the wake of massive anti-government protests , Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff proposed a referendum as a way to place political reform in the public 's hands . The past weeks have seen the biggest demonstrations in decades , with tens of thousands taking to the streets in cities across the country . The protests started with outrage over a public transportation fare hike , but quickly ballooned to encompass a number of grievances against the government . Rousseff on Monday responded directly to some of the protesters ' demands , outlining five "  pacts " on social issues . Among those was a proposal for a referendum "  to make the political reforms that the country needs , " she said . A fair World Cup deal for Brazil ? The message the government is hearing from protesters is that they want more change faster , Rousseff said . "  The streets are telling us that the country wants quality public services ; that they want more efficient mechanisms to fight corruption that ensure the proper use of public money ; that they want political representation that permeates a society where , as I said before , citizenship -- and not economic power -- is put first and foremost , " she said . She spoke at a meeting with governors and mayors . Her other recommendations : -- Fiscal responsibility with an emphasis on inflation control and economic stability . -- Acceleration of investment in health care , including money for hospitals and health clinics , incentives for doctors to practice in needy areas , and the hiring of foreign doctors where shortages exist . -- Public transportation improvements to the tune of 50 billion reals  U.S. $ 22 billion  , new infrastructure , and a national council on transportation . -- Boost public education by asking Congress to set aside 100 % of oil revenues for schools . These proposals align with the most common refrains heard during the protests -- that money is squandered instead of being used to improve the situation of Brazilians . "  Together with the people we can solve large problems , " Rousseff said . "  There is no reason to be inert , complacent or divided . " Opinion : Broken promises and corruption fuel protests Many state governments had already reversed the fare hikes that had spurred the protests , but doing so did not slow the protests . The president has supported the protests as an expression of free speech , but has warned against the sporadic acts of looting and violence that have been recorded . On Monday , Rousseff met with representatives of the Free Fare Movement from Sao Paulo . It was her first meeting with protest leaders .	Brazil 's president proposes a referendum on political reforms Dilma Rousseff addresses several of the protesters ' complaints She promises more funding for health and education She also meets with protest leaders for the first time
CNN  -- Ever since the 2003 invasion of Iraq exposed deep-rooted religious and ethnic divisions , analysts have suggested giving up on the colonial-era borders of modern Iraq and dividing the country . Jihadists have felt the opposite , that the region should be united into a new caliphate -- indeed that is precisely what the militant group the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant  ISIS  declared this week . Both are wrong . The lines drawn by the British and French colonial powers in 1916 became , after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire , the borders of new Arab states . Over the years , these lines splitting the Levant into Syria , Lebanon , Jordan and Iraq have been enormously contentious , to the extent that it is often argued the region might be better without them . Either removing these lines altogether and returning to the world of the early 20th century , or drawing them smaller and tighter still . Certainly the idea of closer union among the Arab countries has been tried , in various forms , over the decades since the close of the Second World War . But what should work in theory has n't worked in practice -- the most ambitious attempt , the United Arab Republic , practically destroyed liberal , secular politics for a generation . Conversely , the lines in the sand of Sykes-Picot , which should not have worked in practice , have held , broadly , for decades . That does n't mean they are perfect . But at a time of immense upheaval in the Middle East , they may be better than the alternative . The end of the caliphate necessitated a new search for political organization in the region . But if the joining together of all the Arab lands in a new caliphate is not a realistic answer to the real political questions of the Middle East , nor is the oft-proposed division of Iraq into smaller statelets . Dividing Iraq Ever since the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , the division of Iraq into three parts -- roughly , a Kurdish north , a Sunni middle and a Shia south -- has been proposed earnestly , often by people with barely any knowledge of the region , its peoples and societies . The casualness with which the suggestion of such an immense change is made mirrors the callous approach taken by the colonial surveyors who first drew these borders , seeking to change the lives of nations with the stroke of a pen . As recently as 2006 , the U.S. vice-president Joseph Biden argued that Iraq should be partitioned , and even the German foreign minister , two weeks ago , in a tone that suggests he was simply exasperated with the complexity of the situation , said it might be difficult to prevent Iraq splitting apart . Such a project , however , faces immense technical as well as human challenges , which are rarely addressed . Any division of Iraq has to take into account people , politics and economics . In the most often suggested scenario , the northern Kurdish region would take the oil-fields around Kirkuk in the north , the Shia state would take the capital Baghdad and the main port in the southern city of Basra , leaving a Sunni rump state in the west , denuded of resources with which to survive . Moreover , the new smaller Shia state in the south would come under Iran 's influence , extending Tehran 's reach into a state that would now border Kuwait and Saudi Arabia . The idea that this division would solve anything is a dangerous fantasy . As things stand today , an attempt to divide Iraq would not occur calmly but would be a furious scramble for the country 's resources , as well as a rush by Iraq 's neighbors for influence over the three new states in their midst . It would not solve the problem . Rather it would entrench the failures of politicians , writing failed policies across the lines of a map . Mass migration Moreover , drawing new borders along religious lines would mean a mass movement of hundreds of thousands , perhaps millions , of people . An estimated one million Iraqis are already on the move within Iraq , internally displaced from their homes . Any attempt to divide Iraq into different countries would mean many more . To ask or force so many to move , even from , say , Baghdad to Basra , would mean uprooting them from jobs , friends and families . It would need a strategy to ensure that there are sufficient jobs waiting , that there are schools for the children to attend , that there are apartments and houses for people to live in . Mass migration can not be accomplished safely by speeches alone . Even with the most extensive planning , the results would likely be chaotic . As Feisal Istrabadi , former deputy Iraqi ambassador to the United Nations , pointed out two weeks ago : "  If Iraq falls apart , it will not fall apart into three neat pieces . What you 're much more likely to see is a Somalia in Iraq . " Iraqis are simply too mixed together . Even today , more than a decade after the invasion of Iraq , the same mistakes of understanding are made . One is to imagine a neat division of Sunnis , Shia and Kurds , mixing up ethnic and religious categories . The Kurds , after all , are mainly Sunni Muslims and both Sunni and Shia Muslims and Christians are Arabs . Add to that mix the other minorities of Iraq , the Yezidis , the Armenians , the Circassians . In a divided Iraq , where would they go ? If the answer is that they could stay as minorities in the areas they currently live , why could n't that formulation equally apply to Sunnis in Shia areas and Shia in Sunni areas ? Another is to imagine that such neat distinctions continue in real life . In fact , until the Iraq war unleashed political forces that fanned the flames of sectarianism , the idea of division along sect or religion was broadly unknown in Iraq . Baghdad , like most of the big cities , was religiously mixed . ` Iraqis must make decision ' It was n't a utopia -- it was , after all , ruled by Saddam 's iron fist -- but to imagine that life , for decades , was merely a bubbling cauldron of resentment waiting to explode is to do a great disservice to Iraqi society , defining it solely by its divisions , as if the lines of religion or ethnicity could never be surmounted . In fact , they were , both individually -- Sunnis and Shias married each other , as did Christians and Muslims -- and city-wide . Divisions in Iraq were , as in most countries of the world , more about economics than race or religion . None of that means that partitioning Iraq should not be considered . But it has to come with the understanding that it is Iraqis themselves who must make the decision and that rearranging what were lines in the sand is a serious business , because the new borders will have to be drawn across the bodies of real people . It is always easier to speak of division than to speak of good policy . But that is what is needed now . The colonial-era divisions were a mess . But seeking to change them now , at this moment , is a recipe for a generation of war . For better or worse , the Middle East is stuck with the lines drawn by Sykes-Picot .	Iraq 's borders were mapped out by the British and French colonial powers during WWI Faisal Al Yafai writes that the borders -- though contentious and flawed -- have broadly held Plans for an Arab caliphate or dividing Iraq into statelets are not realistic , he says Seeking to change them now is a recipe for a generation of war , Al Yafai writes
Bangkok  CNN  -- Yingluck Shinawatra was poised to become Thailand 's first female prime minister Sunday after her party won a majority of parliamentary seats in the nation 's general elections . The official tally had not yet been completed , but with more than 90 percent of votes counted Sunday night , Yingluck 's Pheu Thai party had won 262 seats in the country 's 500-seat parliament . "  The first thing I want to do is help people on their economic situation , " she said earlier Sunday , refusing to declare victory until the official count was over . Minutes before , Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva conceded that she had won . Yingluck is the younger sister of one of Thailand 's most polarizing political figures , former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra who was ousted in a 2006 military coup . Two years later , he left the country after being convicted on conflict of interest charges -- accusations that he still denies . Flags with his image waved in the sticky night air outside the Pheu Thai headquarters . A child wearing a shirt with his sister Yingluck 's picture on it walked past them , trying to get closer to the celebration outside . Yingluck 's critics worry she will simply do her brother 's bidding -- something she has denied . Before she even gave her victory speech , her brother shared his comments from exile in Dubai . "  Well , I would tell them that I really want to go back , but I will wait for the right moment and the right situation , " Thaksin told reporters . The Pheu Thai party remains fiercely behind Thaksin and wants him to return . The so-called "  Yellow Shirts , " a group that formed to oust Thaksin from power , will do whatever they can to stop that from happening . What does his sister say about all this ? CNN asked her three days before the election . "  I ca n't do anything special for my brother so as long as if my brother will be every process we will follow by the rule of law , " Yingluck said . With about 47 million eligible voters in Thailand , Sunday 's balloting was held to decide Thailand 's first general election since 2007 , an election that many hope will bring an end to years of unrest between two political factions that climaxed last year with protests that turned deadly . "  There is a lot more hard work to do in the future for the well-being of our sisters and brothers , the people of Thailand , " Yingluck said Sunday . "  There are many things to accomplish to make reconciliation possible , paving the way for a solid foundation for a flourishing nation . " Tensions between the Democratic Party and the Pheu Thai party , which reflect deep divisions within Thai society , erupted last year , with protests against Abhisit 's government leading to a military crackdown . More than 90 people were killed and hundreds were injured . After the riots , the Thai government pledged to work toward a process of national reconciliation to heal class and political divisions , though the divide between the two groups remains wide . But average Thai voters were more concerned with economic issues , wanting their leaders to shrink the gap between what they earn and the skyrocketing cost of living . Thai election makes history but can winners keep promises ? "  Free education is good , care for elderly is also good . In fact every parties ' policies are all good , the question is if they would ever implement them . " Banorn Achriyawatkul said as she worked outside a polling station . After being laid off from her job as a secretary , the mother of four is now a food vendor in the streets , trying to make ends meet . Despite the animosity between them , the two major parties have made very similar promises to the people : a better economy , free education , and a major increase in the minimum wage -- exactly what many voters wanted to hear . But analysts say the extravagant programs will cost more than Thailand can afford . Supong Limtanakool of Bangkok University 's Center for Strategic Studies said both parties made big promises they just ca n't keep . "  It will be something that we have to spend somewhere between an additional 1.5 trillion baht to 7.5 trillion baht  49 billion dollars to 244 billion dollars  with all the extravagant programs , which is five times the national budget . ... I mean , we 'll be broke in one year , " he said . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Benjamin Gottlieb contributed to this report .	The Pheu Thai party has won at least 262 seats in the 500-seat parliament "  The first thing I want to do is help people in their economic situation , " Yingluck says Her brother , who was ousted in a 2006 coup , is one of Thailand 's most polarizing figures Average voters are more concerned about the economy than political divisions
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli military experts Sunday worked around the clock to examine the remains of a mysterious drone that was shot down after penetrating Israeli airspace from the Mediterranean Sea . The Israeli military announced Saturday that the unmanned aerial vehicle was shot down over the northern Negev Desert . They say the drone did not take off from Gaza , leading them to consider the possibility that it originated in Lebanon . Israeli security experts point the finger at Israel 's longstanding rival Hezbollah , the Shiite militia based in southern Lebanon . "  We know it originated in Lebanon , " said Ron Ben Yishai , an Israeli national security and defense commentator for Israeli news portal Ynet . "  It is entirely clear the UAV was sent by an Iranian proxy . The Iranians provided Hezbollah with their very first drones and they have also funded the organization . " Opinion : U.S. drone monopoly gone While Israel has yet to officially announce who it sees as responsible for the penetration into its airspace , Lebanon 's national news agency on Sunday reported that Israeli fighter jets have flown into Lebanese airspace , causing sonic booms in the area . Military spokeswoman Avital Leibovich said Saturday that the drone did not carry any weapons or explosives . Leibovich would not discuss the drone 's route or whether it had flown over military installations . If Hezbollah were responsible for the launch of the drone , flying it for more than 200 km  125 miles  down the Mediterranean and deep into Israel , that would represent a significant upgrade to its aerial capacities . But Ben Yishai said neither Hezbollah nor the Palestinian militant groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad in Gaza have claimed responsibility for launching the drone . "  I can imagine they are quiet , concerned of the Israeli response to this operation , but it is not for me to say what Israel 's reaction would be , " he said . Iran , which supports Hezbollah , has had no comment . While the Israeli military has stated that the drone did not carry explosives , the objective of the flight was a mystery Sunday . "  The question is , what exactly did they look to achieve ? Was it merely a demonstration of strength , or an operational mission for collecting intelligence ? " said Ben Yishai . One possible target for any of Israel 's enemies is the secret nuclear plant at Dimona , in the Negev . Built with the help of the French government in the 1960s , the reactor stands several dozen miles from where the drone was shot down . Israel does not comment on whether it has nuclear weapons , but details leaked by a former technician at Dimona in the 1980s led international observers to conclude that it could have produced as many as 200 nuclear bombs . In December 2010 , the Israeli military announced it had shot down an unidentified flying object over the nuclear plant . Ben Yishai said crashing a drone carrying explosives onto the plant would be considered a phenomenal achievement for Hezbollah , even though the aircraft ca n't carry a big enough bomb to inflict serious damage . Even photographs of the tightly guarded plant would be an intelligence prize , he said . The drone incident comes amid a tense international standoff over Iran 's nuclear fuel program , which Israel fears is a cover for a nuclear weapons program . Iran has defied calls by the U.N. Security Council to halt its production of enriched uranium , insisting it has a right to make fuel for civilian power plants . But the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency says it can no longer verify that Iranian nuclear research is strictly peaceful . That 's fueled talk of Israeli military action against Iran , with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warning the U.N. General Assembly in September that time for a diplomatic solution was running out . The United States , Israel 's leading ally , says it wo n't tolerate a nuclear-armed Iran , but says diplomatic and economic sanctions are starting to take a deep bite out of Iran 's economy . On Sunday , Leibovich , the Israeli military spokeswoman , said an Israeli warplane shot down the drone . Ben Yishai said small drones are difficult to spot on radar , and missiles are n't designed to hit such slow-moving targets . The decision to closely follow the drone for almost 30 minutes within Israeli airspace was a wise choice , Ben Yishai said . "  Having identified the drone flying over the Mediterranean , the Israeli air force could have chosen to shoot it down right away , " he said . "  The ability to track the drone , take pictures of it from all directions and examine its capabilities serves as an outstanding resource for intelligence information . " Anti-drone peace march halted in Pakistan	"  We know it originated in Lebanon , " an Israeli security analyst says Israel is investigating the craft 's origin and has n't pointed any fingers yet The drone was shot down over Israel 's Negev Desert on Saturday The craft was several dozen miles from the top-secret Dimona nuclear plant
CNN  -- Chelsea 's chances of retaining the English Premier League title suffered another setback on Sunday as struggling Aston Villa snatched a last-gasp 3-3 draw in London . Carlo Ancelotti 's team had fought back to lead 3-2 with two goals in the last 10 minutes , but poor defending allowed young Villa fullback Ciaran Clark to equalize with a free header in the second minute of time added on . The result left Chelsea in fifth place , a point behind Tottenham and six adrift of the leading Manchester clubs United and City . The Blues ended 2010 with a morale-boosting win over Bolton last Wednesday , and looked like extending that form when Frank Lampard scored his first goal since returning from long-term injury in the 23rd minute . The influential midfielder netted a penalty after James Collins was punished for a clumsy shove from behind on Florent Malouda , but Villa equalized four minutes before halftime when Ashley Young smashed home another spotkick following Michael Essien 's foul on Nigel Reo-Coker . New year , new Rooney as United stay top Former England striker Emile Heskey put Villa ahead two minutes after the break with a powerful header from Stewart Downing 's cross , but Chelsea 's relentless pressure finally told in the 84th minute when Didier Drogba fired home a low shot after the visitors could not clear his clever chest-down to Malouda . Defender John Terry then popped up to slot in a rare goal with a minute to go in regulation time after Villa 's otherwise excellent goalkeeper Brad Friedel could only parry Drogba 's header into the former England captain 's path . That sparked scenes of jubilation and relief on the Chelsea bench , but Villa left Ancelotti 's future in some doubt when the 21-year-old Clark stole into the penalty area unmarked to head home a teasing cross from substitute Marc Albrighton . Chelsea have now won only once in eight league games , having played one more game than United -- a situation that is unlikely to please the club 's billionaire owner Roman Abramovich . "  We needed to win this game . We did n't and now it 's more difficult to prepare for the next game , " Italian coach Ancelotti told reporters . "  I 'm disappointed because we worked very hard in the second half to come back into the game when 2-1 down . We did a fantastic job , we came back and scored to make it 3-2 and everyone thought the game was finished . " While Ancelotti will have to face more questions about his increasingly insecure tenure , the result lifted the pressure on Villa 's French manager Gerard Houllier , whose team moved two points clear of the bottom three . Football 's heroes and villains of 2010 "  It 's a massive point , " American veteran Friedel told match broadcaster Sky Sports . "  We 've been in such a bad run of form we needed something , and it 's great to get it at Stamford Bridge . "  We 've got over what I thought was a poor penalty decision against us at the start and we 've fought back , and hopefully this will kick-start our season and we can get back up the table . " In Sunday 's late game , Newcastle won 1-0 at Wigan to give new manager Alan Pardew his second victory after two successive defeats . Striker Shola Ameobi , playing alone up front in place of England striker Andy Carroll , scored a 19th-minute winner from close range after Joey Barton 's shot was blocked and Peter Lovenkrands poked the follow-up against the post . Newcastle moved up to 10th place , above Blackpool on goal difference but below Liverpool , to be six points clear of the bottom three . Defenders Steven Taylor and Fabricio Coloccini headed against the bar , while Gary Caldwell struck the woodwork for Wigan , who remained just a point above the relegation zone . Meanwhile , Celtic moved four points clear in the Scottish Premier League with a 2-0 victory at defending champions Rangers as Greece striker Giorgios Samaras netted both goals , the second from the penalty spot after he was fouled . Rangers have played two fewer games than their Glasgow rivals following recent postponements due to snowy weather in Britain .	Aston Villa deny Chelsea a much-needed victory with a late equalizer in six-goal thriller Premier League champions fought back from 2-1 down to lead with a minute to play Struggling Villa earn a precious point in time added on to leave Chelsea in fifth place Newcastle win 1-0 at Wigan to give new manager Alan Pardew his second victory
InStyle.com  -- You do n't have to be a Project Runway contestant to tweak your wardrobe . With just a few key tools , you can update almost every item in your closet creatively -- no sewing required ! With instructions created by InStyle staffer Jenni Radosevich  who doubles as a part-time blogger on ispy-diy . com  , try these quick-and-easy projects inspired by the wardrobes of your favorite celebrities . Click through the gallery for the full DIY rundown now . Lacy T Inspiration : Mena Suvari WHAT YOU 'LL NEED Long-sleeve cotton T-shirt , Unique Stitch glue , 1 yard 6-inch-wide lace trim , scissors . HOW-TO 1 . Lay lace trim across width of T-shirt , about 2 inches from the bottom . Cut lace to line up with side seams of shirt . 2 . Dot glue on back of lace , and lay in place on shirt . 3 . Secure lace by applying a thin line of glue around entire perimeter of lace edge . 4 . Repeat with a second strip , about 2 inches above the first . 5 . Let dry for 24 hours .  Hand Wash. InStyle.com : 10 hairstyles that are always in style Feather-Collared LBD Inspiration : Julianne Moore WHAT YOU 'LL NEED 1 foot feather trim , Multi-Grip glue , 1 yard black satin ribbon , black dress , scissors . HOW-TO 1 . Cut 15 1-inch and 2 1-foot ribbon pieces . 2 . Shape feather trim into a "  U " so it will lie correctly on the neck when finished . 3 . Working around the "  U , " glue 1-inch pieces of ribbon  folded in half lengthwise  over feather trim , overlapping to create a curve . 4 . Glue 1-foot-long ribbons to both ends . 5 . Let dry for 24 hours . Tie around neck over a dress . InStyle.com : The 50 best fashion tips of all time Fringed Clutch Inspiration : Joy Bryant WHAT YOU 'LL NEED Sticky Back Velcro tape , 1-foot leather fringe , flap clutch , scissors . HOW-TO 1 . Cut fringe trim and Sticky Back Velcro tape to length of clutch flap . 2 . Remove back of one side of Velcro , and stick to inside of clutch 's flap . 3 . Remove other side of Velcro backing , and adhere to fringe . InStyle.com : 12 easy ways to look thinner by tonight Ribbon Necklace Inspiration : Emily Blunt WHAT YOU 'LL NEED 1 1/2 feet satin ribbon , jeweled or chain choker-length necklace , scissors . HOW-TO 1 . Open necklace , and knot ribbon to one end . Decide how long you want the necklace , and cut excess ribbon accordingly . 2 . Tie other end of ribbon to necklace . InStyle.com : 10 ways to wake up beautiful Jewel-Lined Pencil Skirt Inspiration : Paula Patton WHAT YOU 'LL NEED Pencil skirt , iron , Heat 'n Bond Ultra Hold iron-on adhesive  1/4 ˝ x 10 yards  , 1 yard beaded trim , scissors . HOW-TO 1 . Preheat iron to silk setting . Place Heat 'n Bond on back of beaded trim . Lightly glide iron across paper side for 1 -- 2 seconds . 2 . Allow to cool , then peel off paper backing . 3 . Place trim right side up on bottom edge of skirt ; iron inside skirt for 5 seconds . 4 . Cut trim flush with slit in back of skirt .  Dry-clean . Studded Shirt Inspiration : Natalie Portman WHAT YOU 'LL NEED 2 feet studded trim , white button-down 3/4 - sleeve shirt , Unique Stitch glue , scissors . HOW-TO 1 . Starting with sleeves , cut 2 pieces of studded trim to cover circumference of each cuff  do not cover buttons  . 2 . Apply a thin layer of glue to trim , and lay in place on left cuff . Repeat on right cuff . 3 . Cut 2 pieces of trim to cover front of each side of collar . 4 . Apply a thin layer of glue to pieces of trim , and lay in place on collar . 5 . Let dry for 24 hours .  Hand wash . InStyle.com : The 46 best boots for fall Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	With just a few key tools , you can update almost every item in your closet creatively Create your own lace t-shirt inspired by Mena Suvari Make a fringed clutch in three easy steps with only four items
Olympic Park , London  CNN  -- The Olympic ethos may be centered on the pursuit of athletic excellence , but performance-enhancing drugs offer a way for competitors to gain Games glory via unfair advantage . To the frustration of many , the use of illegal substances has marred all recent Olympic Games , and London 2012 has been no different . Two athletes , Albanian weightlifter Hysen Pulaku and Luiza Galiulina of Uzbekistan , have already been sent home from the British capital after testing positive for the steroid stanozolol and the diuretic furosemide respectively . So what is the process of screening for banned substances and why , despite all the risks involved , do athletes try so hard to get away with using them ? The history of doping and the Olympic Games According to UK Anti-Doping  UKAD  the practice of using "  substances and artificial ways of enhancing performance " is as old as organized sport itself . In Ancient Greece , athletes used special diets and stimulants to improve their chances of winning the athletics competitions , while Roman Emperor Nero allegedly drank a potion of wild boar 's manure to aid his performance in the Games . When Danish cyclist Knud Enemark Jensen died at the 1960 Olympics in Rome , his autopsy revealed traces of amphetamine , and the following outcry led to drug testing being adopted by the world cycling and football federations -- as well as the International Olympic Committee in time for Mexico ' 68 . Screening for drug cheats has been a crucial process in each Olympic Games since this time , and led to the IOC creating a prohibited list of substances The system has uncovered state-sponsored doping programs , such as those employed by East Germany in the 1970s and '80s and China in the 1990s , as well as individual cases , such as the infamous Canadian 100-meter runner Ben Johnson and American sprinter Marion Jones . Over the last five Olympics an average of 12 athletes per event have been found guilty of taking banned substances . Technology has played a crucial role too -- with each advance in the screening process used by organizers , there is an advance by dope cheats in the complexity of drugs used to avoid detection . World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  director general David Howman told CNN the list of banned substances runs to 10-15 pages , with hundreds of drugs currently prohibited . "  The fight continues and the sophistication continues on both sides , " he said . "  You find that athletes and those that advise athletes are more sophisticated in what they do than they were 10 years ago . " What do the drugs do ? "  Anabolic steroids provide muscle fiber and bulk , whereas a hormone like erythropoietin  EPO  brings more red blood cells to the system , " says Dick Pound , former IOC vice president and former president of WADA . "  More red blood cells brings more oxygen to the muscles , so the athlete has more energy . That 's why some athletes take blood transfusions before their races , to boost this count . "  Stimulants can increase heart rate , human growth hormone promotes muscle and bone growth and reduces body fat . It can help strength , power , stamina , improves recovery time so you can train harder and for longer . But archers may take drugs that have the opposite affects , to reduce the tremor in their hands , " Pound told CNN . "  They say drugs can make 1 % of a difference , but 1 % over the distance of 100m is a tenth of a second , that 's huge ! You can imagine what it would do over a marathon . "  Because all these drugs are under the radar and their use is covert we do n't have test groups to know what damage this does to the human body . But you could expect liver damage , high blood pressure , androgynization of females . If you take EPO your blood becomes like sludge , your heart ca n't pump this stuff through the system . " What is new for London 2012 ? The London Games is the first to use a private company , in this case GlaxoSmithKline , to help provide logistics for drug screening . Professor David Cowan , director of King 's College London 's Drug Control Center and chief scientist for the Games , is in charge of the GSK lab . "  These laboratories are the most high-tech labs in the history of the Olympics , analyzing more samples than ever before , " Cowan told CNN . "  Across the range of instruments in the lab , we reckon we can pick up things you have n't even thought of and we can test retrospectively if new drugs are developed . " "  I think we 'll soon be away from the days where designer drugs beat the analyst . I 'm hoping this will be the Games that actually prove that . " At London 2012 , the athletes themselves seal the bottles and fill in the paperwork , in order to minimize the contamination risk , and only then are the samples opened by a specialist in the testing lab . Which athletes are screened ? Screening operates in the following way : -- Athletes are screened in the run-up to the Games and can face repeat tests after the competition period of July 27-August 12 . -- The first five finishers in every event are chaperoned immediately to give mandatory tests , with samples of both blood and urine taken , and then from another two athletes at random . -- Samples are collected straight after the event at the relevant venue and split into two lots : "  A " and "  B. " -- There are also unannounced spot tests conducted at random , both inside the Olympic Village and at other athlete accommodation . -- Test results are processed with the "  A "  sample  as depicted above  usually within 24 to 72 hours -- some substances , like the hormone EPO , can take longer to screen . -- The "  B " sample is retained for any further backup testing that might be needed . -- IOC officials comment only when drug tests fail . -- Any refusal to provide a sample will lead to expulsion , as was the case with Hungarian discus thrower Zoltan Kovago ahead of the opening ceremony . What happens if an athlete tests positive ? If the "  A " sample shows positive , the IOC will start its investigation procedure . The athlete in question has the opportunity to ask for the "  B " sample to also be tested , and can be present when the sample is opened to verify there has been no contamination . If this also returns a positive reading , the IOC and the involved sport 's national association will hear the athlete 's reasoning before deciding on whether a violation has been committed . For those found guilty , the IOC will recommend sanctions to the national body . Is enough being done ? "  The equipment and technology is better in London , and the knowledge is more extensive , " Pounds says . "  But if you 're a sophisticated doper and you test positive , you fail two tests : a drugs test and an IQ test . You need programs that are randomly tested over long periods . "  We know we 're not catching all the drug users . We 're catching maybe 20 % of the sophisticated users , it 's a big problem . What 's going on now is that athletes are taking advantage of the fact you are allowed four times the amount of normal levels of testosterone if you 're competing . "  So now they can inject a pellet into their butt which will slow-release small doses of testosterone but wo n't go over the threshold . We have tests to find artificial testosterone , but the games  of catching them  go on . We 're getting better , but we need to keep getting better -- and the labs need to test for everything on the list . "  You 'd be pretty ambitious to say London 2012 was a clean Games . There are drugs we do n't know about yet so we need to keep finding them and hunting down the distribution networks . "	Artificial ways of enhancing performance is as old as organized sport itself Dick Pound : "  They say drugs can make 1 % of a difference , but 1 % is huge ! " Drug company GlaxoSmithKline has provided logistics for London 2012 screening First five finishers in every event are taken immediately to give mandatory tests
CNN  -- A call to the Secret Witness tip line helped police break CNN 's first featured cold case : the slaying of college student Brianna Denison , investigators say . James Michael Biela , 27 , is accused of killing 19-year-old Brianna Denison . A construction worker was charged with Denison 's murder last week , nearly 10 months after the 19-year-old California college student was found strangled and sexually assaulted in Reno , Nevada . At a news conference Wednesday , relief was visible on the faces of the cops who worked the case and came , as one said , to view Denison as "  everyone 's daughter . " For her family , the relief competed with tears . The arrest of James Michael Biela , 27 , closes one chapter and opens another as the case moves from the investigative phase and into the courts . Watch what led to the arrest " For Nancy Grace 's Cold Case team , the arrest also marks a milestone . Brianna Denison 's was the first cold case we featured . Her story appeared on CNN.com , and a segment aired on "  Nancy Grace " on September 15 . And now , it is also our first cracked cold case . Denison , who attended Santa Barbara Community College , vanished January 20 while visiting friends at the University of Nevada 's Reno campus . Her body was found several days later , partially covered with snow in a desolate field outside of town . Biela , a former Marine , is charged with murdering Denison by strangulation . Prosecutors say they may file more charges as the case makes its way through the courts . Biela also was charged with first-degree kidnapping and sexual assault of a second young woman , a student at the University of Nevada , Reno . And , police say , Biela is a suspect in the November 2007 parking lot assault of another UNR student . In that case , the alleged victim washed off evidence of the crime and delayed reporting the attack , police said at the news conference . DNA is the crucial link in the two cases that led to criminal charges . Police say they were able to connect Biela 's DNA with a sample left on panties found near Denison 's body . Police said at the news conference that they found DNA matching Biela 's on the rear door of the off-campus house where Denison was staying with friends . Watch how the investigation unfolded " It also matched DNA found at the scene of a December 16 sexual assault , police maintain . The victim , a UNR student , was able to escape her attacker and describe him in detail , police say . Both crimes bear a striking resemblance to several other sexual assaults in the area , leading police to believe that Biela is a serial rapist . They are asking other possible victims to come forward . One of the previous victims was able to describe Biela 's pickup , another key link in the evidentiary chain , according to investigators . Police say Biela 's associates told them he left Reno in a hurry in March , shortly after Denison 's body was found . He also sold the pickup that matched the witness ' description . The investigation has now turned up gray fibers on one victim 's clothing , said Detective Adam Wygnanski of the Reno Police Department . They appear to match fibers from the gray velour interior the pickup Biela sold , he added . Biela returned to Reno in September . It was an anonymous tip from a friend of his former girlfriend November 1 that broke this cold case wide open , police say . Investigators had established that the killer was from the Reno area and had an unusual fetish of collecting one victim 's underwear and leaving it as a "  calling card " at the next victim 's crime scene . The tipster caught investigators ' attention , telling the Secret Witness tip line about Biela 's pickup and suspicious ex-girlfriend . The tipster then told police that the former girlfriend had found two pairs of thong panties in Biela 's new truck . Detectives immediately followed up on the tip and , with permission from the former girlfriend , took DNA samples from Biela 's 4-year-old son . Lab tests showed that the boy 's father -- Biela -- was almost certainly a match for the DNA found on the doorknob and at the crime scene , police said . The finding was confirmed when Biela was arrested and ordered to submit DNA samples . An overnight session at the crime lab confirmed the match , and charges were filed , police said . Investigators say they since have learned that Biela was familiar with the grounds of the university , having worked there on a construction job last year . Police say his work on campus put him in a position to easily target women . When first questioned about the Denison case in early November , Biela refused to submit DNA samples and provided an alibi to police , claiming that he 'd been with his girlfriend . The girlfriend denies that he was with her the night Denison disappeared , investigators say . Police spokesman Lt. Robert McDonald said investigators have no doubt that Biela is responsible for Denison 's death . "  We knew the profile we were looking for : someone unobtrusive , who stalked his victims quietly but escalated his violence with each new attack , " he said . Now , it 's up to the courts to decide . Meanwhile , investigators are certain there are other victims who just have n't come forward . Police are urging anyone with more information to call the Reno Police Hot Line at 775-745-3521 .	James Michael Biela , 27 , is charged with murder of Brianna Denison Police : Biela 's DNA and truck match evidence , witness information College student Denison , 19 , was found dead in February She disappeared while visiting friends at the University of Nevada , Reno
Jos , Nigeria  CNN  -- An Islamic militant group in northern Nigeria has claimed responsibility for attacks that killed at least 25 people in a rash of violence against the country 's minority Christians , officials said , after it issued an earlier ultimatum that gave Christians three days to leave the area . Gunmen opened fire on residents Friday , killing at least 15 people who were mourning the deaths of two slain businessmen , said Rev. Paul Alhamdu , chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria . At least eight people were also killed on Thursday in a church shooting in northeastern Nigeria , a pastor at the church said , as sectarian violence spirals and the country is shaken by angry protests over fuel subsidies . Gunmen attacked the Deeper Life church in Gombe , the capital of Gombe state , Thursday evening as worshipers held a prayer meeting , according to the Venerable Joseph Ninyo , a pastor with the Anglican Diocese of Gombe . He said at least 20 people were being treated at a hospital , one of whom is in intensive care . "  Many tried to run but were gunned down , " eyewitness Konson Danladi said . "  I was just outside the church when the men came and started shooting , and I ran . " Police said the militant group Boko Haram claimed responsibility for both attacks , but CNN could not immediately confirm the claims . The church targeted in Gombe is attended predominantly by Ibo Christians from southern Nigeria . Boko Haram has been blamed for months of widespread bloodshed in Nigeria , with churches and police stations among the targets . The group also claimed responsibility for a series of attacks on churches on Christmas Day . The rising tide of violence led Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan to declare a partial state of emergency in four northern states , in a bid to contain Boko Haram , whose name means "  Western education is a sin . " The latest sectarian attack comes as Nigeria also faces a nationwide wave of popular protests over the removal of a gas subsidy that had kept prices artificially low . What is behind Nigeria fuel protests ? Union leaders have called for a national strike beginning Monday if the government does not reverse the decision , which resulted in the cost of a liter of gasoline more than doubling virtually overnight . Furious Nigerians have already taken to the streets this week , staging "  Occupy Nigeria " protests and mass demonstrations across the country , and there have been calls from some quarters for the president to be impeached . Are you there ? Send your images or video Nigeria , an oil-rich nation of about 167 million people , is regularly voted among the most corrupt countries in the world , and citizens complain that the money saved by ending the fuel subsidy is highly likely to be siphoned off by a few and salted away into offshore accounts . The government has said the money will be used to fund infrastructure projects , such as building refineries so Nigeria can produce its own gasoline rather than having to import it . Tires burn , protesters flood Lagos Elizabeth Donnelly , with the Africa Programme at London-based think tank Chatham House , told CNN the two issues together -- the sectarian violence and the fuel subsidy protests -- present the biggest challenge yet for Jonathan , who was elected president last year after taking the reins in 2010 when the former president died . Although the government struck a blow against Boko Haram in 2009 with the capture of its leader , Mohammed Yusuf , it has since become more of a "  franchise , " or umbrella organization , for the actions of individual groups , making it harder to manage the problem , Donnelly said . Protesters make demands known "  We can trace these sorts of attacks to issues of underdevelopment , poverty , lack of resources and so on . The fact that it 's framed in religious language is worrying , " she said , particularly given the sectarian violence that has broken out in Nigeria in recent years . The country 's leadership needs to rise above politics and use the kind of language that will bridge the growing gap between different parts of Nigerian society , she said , rather than just treating the problem as a security issue . But the challenge of restoring calm will be compounded by a widely felt skepticism toward government , from a population too used to corruption and political maneuvering . That skepticism has grown since Jonathan came to power , Donnelly said , in part because of his lack of governing experience . The fact that he is southern also plays into tensions between the mainly Muslim north and predominantly Christian and animist south . "  It 's a very challenging time for Nigeria , and for Goodluck Jonathan , it 's a very interesting moment . It could be when he and his team really prove themselves -- or where everybody 's suspicions about his lack of ability could be proved right , " she said . Resolving the tough times should n't be solely up to Jonathan 's government , though , Donnelly added . State and local administrations , as well as religious leaders , must also play a part in resolving tensions . Meanwhile , the fuel subsidy protests could prove a trigger for wider violence , she warned , as the large crowds may become targets for people who want to launch attacks . Clashes could also break out between protesters and police . And while not directly linked , the two issues have common threads that must be tackled if calm is to be restored , she said . "  The reason the protests are happening is that so many Nigerians live such difficult lives . They do n't have a lot of money , they do worry about putting food on the table , and the smallest change in fuel prices makes an enormous difference to them , " she said . "  Boko Haram has grown in a region where there 's very little in the way of development and public services , and not much in the way of industry or opportunity . "  Nigeria is really grappling with these issues at the moment , both political and economic . It is a developing democracy , and these issues are part of it creating this new identity . " Emira Woods , co-director of Foreign Policy In Focus at the Institute for Policy Studies , agrees that economic discontent is at the heart of the unrest , in a country where many live on less than $ 2 a day and are less well-off than their grandparents . "  It 's people who are fed up , the have-nots seeing the haves continue to do well at their expense , " she told CNN from Washington . "  The core issue is not Boko Haram , and Christians versus Muslims , it 's economic inequality -- and unless and until the government is able to address that , they will continue to have these tensions increase . " Journalist Hassan John in Jos , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Stephanie Busari in London contributed to this report .	Sectarian violence and fuel policy protests are tests for the president , an analyst says Gunmen attacked the Deeper Life church in Gombe as worshipers met for a service An eyewitness describes how people were gunned down as they tried to flee An Islamist militant group , Boko Haram , has been blamed for other attacks on churches
Key West , Florida  CNN  -- They are both baby boomers , both still living their dreams , but only one of them is feeling secure about retirement . She has her eyes on valuable coins , while he is following butterflies . The ultimate guide to retirement The Key West Butterfly and Nature Conservatory is a tropical oasis . As you walk along the path , through the gazebo and across the little bridge , butterflies are all around you . Some will land on your shoulder if you stand still long enough . Here in the habitat , there are 60 species of butterflies and 29 species of birds , says co-founder George Fernandez . "  This is a unique experience , " he says . He 's always sharing his knowledge like a proud kid . "  The Atlas moth is very unique . It lives only four to five days , very , very short life cycle , " he tells two of his guests . The conservatory opened in 2003 . Just like the butterflies , it has been flying high ever since . Thousands of people come here every year . "  It starts with having a passion , having a dream , having a mission , " says Fernandez . Now after 20 years of hard work , the former gallery owner says that dream , that passion has given this baby boomer and his partner some security . "  We have invested everything that we have and we own into making this a success , and by God , we were gon na do it , and by the grace of God , it came to fruition , " says Fernandez . Fernandez could retire tomorrow if he chose . But he says that wo n't happen , "  In the course of eight years , we have found that this has been incredibly rewarding financially , spiritually , emotionally . I would n't trade it for the world . " How much do you need to retire ? Like Fernandez , 62 , Carol Tedesco , 52 , says she 's fulfilled . "  Would I do it differently ? No . I really would n't , " Tedesco says . But unlike Fernandez , Tedesco could n't retire tomorrow if she wanted to . "  I love my life , " she says , "  I make enough money for the life that I have , but I do n't have a retirement . " 4 in 10 American 's ca n't afford to retire Tedesco is a freelance photographer , writer and expert on treasure coins recovered from shipwrecks . On her desk is a book she 's written , "  Treasure Coins of the Nuestra Senora de Atocha and the Santa Margarita " and albums of wedding photos she 's done for clients . Tedesco came to Key West years ago . She did n't even bring her car , figuring she 'd only be here for a few months . But she 's never left . While she has n't parlayed her dream into wealth , she is living it . "  My dream was to work with historic sunken shipwrecks and with the people who make up that whole field . My fear was being an old person and not having done it . " Retiring on $ 3,500 a month It 's not like Tedesco does n't think about the future . She does . She just thinks about it a bit differently . "  I do plan for the future , " she says , "  but when I 'm planning for the future , I 'm planning my next project or my next book or the next photography exhibit or whatever the case may be . So , I 'm planning . I 'm not necessarily planning on how much money I can put away and what it 's gon na grow into . " Both Tedesco and Fernandez are driven . It 's a work ethic both say may have come from being a part of the baby boomer generation . Working hard was instilled in them early . It came from his parents , Fernandez says . "  I could not say , ` Write me a check for . Can I borrow your credit card for . ' No , that never existed . I think that was instilled in both myself and my sister and to this day I will pass it on . You can make it . You have to have that drive that is with you all day long , 24/7 . " Neither Tedesco nor Fernandez have children . He has a second home in North Carolina . She has a small Key West home encased in lush tropical foliage . While they came at it differently , neither Tedesco nor Fernandez gaze into the future with worry . They are happy with their lives . Fernandez says , "  I have no dream of ever retiring . I will be here for as long as I can . " As for Tedesco , "  Well , I have spent a little time in Latin America , " she says , "  and a Social Security check can go a long way there . "	Tedesco and Fernandez are two baby boomers who are doing what they love Both are driven by a work ethic that might stem from being part of the baby boomer generation Tedesco does n't have retirement like Fernandez , but neither want to stop working
CNN  -- The world 's first stem cell burger was cooked and eaten in London today . The brainchild of Maastricht University 's Mark Post , the burger was made of 20,000 small strands of meat grown from a cow 's muscle cells and took three months to create . Breadcrumbs and some egg powder were added to the cultured beef to make it taste like a normal beef burger . To give it a beefy color , red beet juice and saffron were added . Chef Richard McGeown fried the stem cell burger with sunflower oil and butter and remarked that it looked slightly paler than a traditional burger . Two volunteers got to taste the five ounce  142g  burger , which was presented on a plate with a bun , salad and some tomato slices . After having the first bite and chewing thoughtfully many times , Hanni Rutzler , an Austrian food trends researcher , said : "  I expected the texture to be more soft -- it 's not that juicy . It 's close to meat but it misses salt and pepper . " The second volunteer to taste it agreed that the burger was missing something . Josh Schonwald , a Chicago-based author who writes about the future of food , said : "  It has a familiar mouth-feel to real meat . The flavor is different though . It misses fat . " Post presented the burger at the Riverside Studios in Hammersmith , London , in front of more than 200 journalists and guests . "  Today 's presentation is only a proof of concept that it 's not science fiction , " he said . "  However , there is still an efficiency issue and it remains expensive to develop . " Post spent four years researching and developing the cultured beef burger . He said he tasted it a couple of times during his research . "  I 'd be perfectly comfortable with letting my kids eat it . " His kids might have to wait a while to get a bite of his burger . The cultured beef burger cost around $ 330,000 to develop , mostly funded through an anonymous donation . "  I think most people do n't realize that the current meat production is at its maximum . We need to come up with an alternative , " Post emphasized . Meat consumption is expected to rise nearly 73 % by 2050 , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations . Post hopes that his research into laboratory-made food could solve the looming food crisis . He says cultured beef does not burden the environment and will put an end to animal cruelty . The developers hope that cultured beef could end up on supermarket shelves within the next 10 to 20 years . The next step for Post and his team will be to work on how to get fat into the burger . Another challenge .	The first stem cell burger was cooked and eaten by two volunteer tasters in London The burger was made of 20,000 small strands of meat grown from a cow 's muscle cells The five ounce cultured beef burger took three months and cost $ 330,000 to develop A volunteer taster said the burger was "  close to meat but misses salt and pepper "
Spencer , Iowa  CNN  -- Joni Ernst takes running for Senate literally . Try keeping up with her as she races through a rainy parade . It 's a workout . Ernst does n't march , she sprints -- darting side-to-side , shaking as many hands as possible -- a lieutenant colonel in the Iowa National Guard recruiting potential voters for her campaign . The Iraq War veteran and little-known conservative Iowa state senator burst onto the political scene earlier this year with the TV ad of the political primary season . Smiling straight to camera , Ernst says in the ad that she knows how to cut pork because she grew up on a farm castrating pigs . The squealing pigs in the background became a trademark of her campaign . She decisively beat three GOP primary opponents with the support of a broad coalition of Republican groups -- rare in these divided times for the GOP . Still , Ernst 's conservative views , combined with her interesting personal story and boundless energy , have made her one of this election yearÂ ¹ s most high-profile tea party favorites . The problem for Ernst is that while Iowa has its share of conservatives who vote in GOP primaries , and of course its first in the nation presidential caucuses every four years , it is actually a relatively moderate state . And Ernst is running for an open Senate seat being vacated by Democrat Tom Harkin , a venerable liberal in the state and nationwide . With a new CNN/ORC poll showing just a 1-point difference between Ernst and Democratic opponent Bruce Braley , well within the margin of error , it 's no surprise that Ernst is trying to moderate her image . When we asked whether she wanted to be a senator in the mold of Ted Cruz , the freshman conservative firebrand from Texas , without missing a beat she replied , "  Oh , no . " "  I 'm a senator in the mold of Joni Ernst , just an independent leader who will represent Iowa , " Ernst told CNN . Ernst says she was harassed in the military Make issues the issue Democrats working to elect Braley believe best the way to beat Ernst and keep this seat in Democratic hands is to steer the conversation away from her persona and toward her position on issues , which Democrats argue fall well out of the mainstream of Hawkeye State voters . "  Ernst and the people supporting her do n't seem to want to engage and talk about where she stands on the issues , " Braley said . With primary over , Iowa Senate race gets ugly Ernst did answer some of our questions about those issues . That includes when she was a state senator and co-sponsored personhood legislation , which would legally mean life begins at conception . It 's a position some self-described pro-life voters do not support , but Ernst stands by it . "  I promote a culture of life . I promote life . That 's the person I am , " Ernst told us . One of the practical results of the personhood measure -- life starts at conception -- is that it would likely outlaw some forms of birth control . She tried to distance herself from that notion , telling us , "  Heavens , no . " "  I am someone who supports a woman 's right to birth control , absolutely , so to say that is absolutely false and misleading , " she said . "  So , if women would like to talk to me about those items , I am happy to talk it over . Birth control yes , and promoting a culture of life , yes . " On pocketbook issues , Ernst opposes a nationwide , federal minimum wage , which Braley 's campaign thinks is so harmful politically to her that it 's running ads and talking about it nonstop . She explained to us that she does n't believe minimum wage should be a "  one size fits all approach , " but rather state by state . "  We really do need to have a minimum wage that is set based on local economies . And I think the state is best to do that , " Ernst said . She said she believes the current minimum wage , $ 7.25 per hour , is "  appropriate for Iowa , but that 's up for our state legislators to decide , and I 'm willing to have those discussions at the state level . " When we pointed out that a lot of families live on minimum wage , she replied , "  It 's a beginning wage , it should n't be the wage they survive on forever . " Ernst : Savvy , rebellious or both ? Ernst is the beneficiary of millions of dollars from outside groups funded by the Koch brothers and other big national donors . She has no shortage of strategic help from GOP operatives on a national level , hoping this will be one of the six seats Republicans need to win the Senate . But she does n't always take the advice she gets . On our three-hour drive from Des Moines to Spencer , we got a call from one of her operatives informing us that our scheduled brief interview was canceled . "  No more national interviews for a while , " was what we were told . But when we arrived and approached Ernst , instead of avoiding us , she greeted us warmly and answered several questions along the parade route . Whether that was savvy  avoiding unflattering pictures of her running away  or rebellion against Washington advisers , it was a telling level of sophistication for a first-time statewide candidate in a high-profile race . Braley working to repair his image As for her Democratic opponent , he , too , has a comfort level and natural rapport with voters -- characteristics that fly in the face of the unfortunate image of an out-of-touch Washington insider he helped inflict on himself with a series of early gaffes . The congressman complained about no towel service in the House gym during the government shutdown . And Braley was caught on tape disparaging Iowa 's popular senior GOP Sen. Charles Grassley and farmers -- a big Iowa no-no -- by calling Grassley a "  farmer from Iowa who never went to law school . " While walking with us through the quiet streets of his hometown of Brooklyn , Iowa , Braley owned those mistakes without being defensive . "  All of us say things that we regret . And if you grow up in Iowa , the important lesson to learn is that if you make a mistake , you take responsibility for it , and that 's what I did , " he told CNN . First lady to campaign for Democrat in tight Iowa Senate race He brought us to this small Iowa town where his mother still teaches school at 85 and he started a paper route in third grade , facts that Braley hopes can beat back a narrative that Republicans seized on after his rhetorical stumbles : that he 's a Washington creature now who ca n't relate to Iowans . "  I 've baled hay , I 've worked farms , I was a truck driver , a construction worker . I was a janitor in this town . I learned the value of hard work from the people I grew up here with , " Braley said . "  They taught me that it 's important to respect other people , to be a good listener , and to work hard and fight for people who do n't have an ability to be their own voice . And that 's what I 've done in the House and that 's what type of senator I 'd be , " he told us . While Iowa is n't conservative , is certainly is n't ultraliberal . Tom Harkin , feted by the Clintons at his final famous steak fry over the weekend , is a unique public figure in the state -- quite popular statewide despite his openly liberal leanings . Still , Braley told us he would be "  a progressive problem solver in the mold of Tom Harkin . " Congressman apologizes for #TrailofTears tweet Gender gap , even with a GOP woman on ballot If Ernst , a 44-year-old mother and stepgrandmother , were to win this seat , she would be the first woman senator from Iowa . But the new CNN/ORC poll shows that 57 % of women voters in Iowa support her male , Democratic opponent . The traditional gender gap between the parties still exists here , even with a Republican woman on the ballot . We only had a chance to ask Ernst one quick question about gender along the parade route here -- why she thinks so few of the 20 women U.S. senators are Republican ?  There are four GOP female senators  . "  That 'd is a really good question . You need to ask the voters in all those other states , " she said abruptly before racing off to shake more hands of potential voters . Finally , a Democrat who wants Obama to come Like many Democrats on the ballot this year , Braley is weighed down by an unpopular president , whose approval rating here now stands at just 37 % . That 's remarkable , considering that Iowa is where Barack Obama 's big 2008 caucuses win knocked Hillary Clinton off her White House path -- and where Obama beat GOP rivals in 2008 and 2012 . If Republicans take control of the Senate for Obama 's last two years in office , it would likely sting even more if Iowa elected a Republican and helped deliver that blow to the President . Still , while Democratic candidates in red states keep their distance , Braley does not . "  If the President has time in his schedule to come to Iowa in this campaign , I 'd welcome him , " he said . "  Iowans are the type of people who welcome somebody of significant importance , and that would certainly include President Obama . Even though they may disagree with him , every four years we welcome people of both parties to come and talk about important policy issues , and I think that would be one of the reasons why it would be alright for President Obama to come to Iowa , " Braley explained . "  Come on , President Obama ! " That was Ernst 's reaction when we about her opponent 's willingness to host the unpopular Democratic President on the campaign trail here . "  I think that would be wonderful , " Ernst told us , barely hiding a mischievous smile . In Iowa , DREAMers confront Clinton CNNs Adam Levy contributed to this report	Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst raised her profile with pig castration ad Democratic opponent Bruce Braley stumbled into "  out of touch with Iowa " tag In the moderate state , Ernst might lean too far to the right , Braley too far to the left
Editor 's note : Maria  Maki  Haberfeld is a professor of Police Science at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York City . She has served in the Israeli Defense Forces and the Israel National Police , and worked for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration as a special consultant . From 1997 through 2001 , she was a member of a research team , sponsored by the National Institute of Justice , studying police integrity in three major police departments in the United States . She is the author of "  Critical Issues in Police Training "  2002  and co-author of "  Enhancing Police Integrity "  2006  . Maria Haberfeld says police officers make decisions based on their awareness of potential danger . NEW YORK  CNN  -- We teach our children to think about what others feel before they act , but as grown-ups we frequently assume we understand what others do without ever having walked in their shoes . President Obama expressed his opinion about a police officer 's interaction with Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates . "  The Cambridge police acted stupidly in arresting somebody when there was already proof that they were in their own home , " the president said . Was it stupid behavior or was it an understandable result of police procedure -- the culture , or rather sub-culture , of this profession . People depend on police in a time of trouble but are quicker than lightning to judge harshly when things go wrong . But the most important question in this case is : Did they go wrong ? One needs to understand that the interaction between a police officer and a suspect is just part of a larger context . When a neighbor calls the police to report a burglary in progress and a police officer is dispatched to respond , a decision-making process begins for the officer . Police work is about sub-cultural contexts , about war stories , about suspicion , about unpredictability , about danger and fear for one 's life . Police officers make their decisions based not just on a given situation but also based on their prior experience , the experience of those they have worked with and the stories they have heard about incidents that happened in the past . A call to respond to a burglary in progress generates a series of images that prepare a police officer for an encounter -- a dangerous encounter that can possibly end with a loss of life . Not long ago one of my students , an officer in the New York Police Department , was killed trying to stop a robbery in progress . Police officers hear about these stories and unlike the members of the public who forget a story , no matter how sensational within a day or two , police officers carry these stories as their secret weapons . This is part of their armor . An officer responding to a burglary in progress arrives at a scene with a heightened sense of danger , anxious and ready to go into fighting mode . Yes , the professor identified himself as a legitimate occupant of the premises . However , he was not arrested for trespassing . He was arrested for disorderly conduct . Police officers arriving at the scene of a suspected burglary in progress do not put down their armor of suspicion just because somebody proved to them that they are the legitimate occupants of the dwelling . Police encounters can become deadly when officers assume that , on the surface , everything appears to be in order . It is their sixth sense of suspicion that helps them assess the situation in a way that members of the public would not consider reasonable . It is this precise quality of suspicion that goes beyond a reasonable doubt that sets them apart from the larger public and can be understood only by the members of the force . A person usually does not break into his own house -- it is true that it can happen , and it apparently did in this case -- but this is not a standard behavior that , once explained to the officer , should mandate an automatic approach to put down your guard . The officers look at the scene of the event they were called to as their domain , their turf , their territory , where some order has been disturbed and they were called to restore it . A famous police scholar , Egon Bittner , once wrote that we call the police when "  something ought not to be happening about which something ought to be done right NOW ! " The professor may have raised his voice , and this would appear now as justifiable under the circumstances . But , when somebody challenges the authority or the domain of a police officer who was just called to restore order , the discretionary process of the officer is not the same as that of a bystander . The professor seemingly lost his temper . One might say that this is fine , given the circumstances . The police officer did not lose his temper , he just made a decision that might have been an outcome of an error of judgment , or which one might say could have been justified given the totality of the circumstances . iReport.com : "  Shame " on Gates There are over 19,000 different law enforcement agencies across the United States . Each agency has its own standard operating procedures and rules and regulations , including the ones that would appear relevant to this case . However , there are no national standards that can be applied when officers respond to a call for a burglary in progress . Only very general standards could be applied and even then the evolving situation would dictate how officers would proceed after confronting the suspicious person . When an individual under suspicion becomes agitated , insults the officer and becomes aggressive , the majority of police departments would allow the officer to make an arrest . I was not there . Neither was the president nor all the others who are quick to pass judgment . What went on in the officer 's head is something that I can only guess but , based on over 30 years of experience in the doing , teaching and studying of the police profession , I would venture to say that race had nothing to do with the behavior displayed and that the sub-culture of police work dictated the action , more than any possible bias or prejudice . I do believe that racial profiling exists in the minds of many -- not just police officers but also regular citizens . But police departments around the country are working very hard to fight these ill-conceived notions and , in recent years their diversity recruitment and selection processes , paired with modules in sensitivity and multicultural training , have had an impact . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Haberfeld .	Maria Haberfeld : President Obama said police acted stupidly in arresting professor She says act could be viewed as result of officers ' awareness of potential danger She says officers arrive at such scenes with heightened sense of danger
London , England  CNN  -- Birdies are normally seen as a golfer 's best friend but at one course in Northern Ireland members are getting increasingly irritated by a certain feathered felon . For the last few months , a large raven has been stalking Greencastle Golf Club in Donegal before swooping and flying off with people 's balls . Several players have witnessed the burglar at work while others have struck what they thought was an accurate shot only to arrive on the green to find no sign of their ball . Billy McCaul , the golf club 's office manager , says players are reporting stolen balls on a weekly basis . "  It started to happen about four months ago , when you had the odd comment about a ball being taken by a bird , " McCaul told CNN . "  Because we are a seaside course , birds have picked balls up in the air so we took it to be something like that , but then it became consistent and persistent . "  At first I took it as a bit of fun , as did most members , but it has got to the extent where it is having an effect on prizes and competitions and various other things . " One member , a former ladies ' captain , had two balls taken by the pesky bird in the same round , costing her a prize in the ladies ' match play competition . "  The second time it happened she was walking to the ball with her partners , and the bird came down 15 meters away , looked at them , picked the ball up and flew away , " says McCaul . "  It 's a very brazen bird , it does n't know any fear . It sees a ball , takes it and away it goes and we have absolutely no idea why it 's continuing to do it . " Ravens have a wingspan of some 4 ft  1.2 m  and have a reputation for picking up shiny objects like pebbles and coins . Some members think the bird is mistaking their balls for eggs . They claim to have beaten the thief by using yellow golf balls because the raven is only interested in snatching white ones . At least six ravens are housed at the Tower of London at the British Government 's expense because of the traditional belief that if they are absent the tower will crumble and the Kingdom of England will fall . The birds are a protected species and officials at Greencastle have been warned off trying to catch their raven . "  I think it 's here to stay , " says McCaul . "  Most people are just taking it as a bit of a hazard down here . You have bunkers and you have rough and now Greencastle have got the extra hazard of a bird . " Ravens are not the only animals to have made enemies of golfers . Last year in Denver , Colorado-based TV station 9News carried a story of a man who had crafted a putting green in his garden only to wake up each morning to find a fox had stolen his golf balls . Tom Houk eventually managed to catch the thief at work , but not before it had taken more than 100 of his balls . At the Players Championship at Sawgrass in 1998 , a seagull swooped down and snatched U.S. competitor Steve Lowery 's ball off the green at the famous par-three island hole before dropping it into the water . On the European Tour in December , players mingled with crocodiles at the Leopard Creek Golf Club in Mpumalanga , South Africa , for the Alfred Dunhill Championship . At the only golf course on the island of Tonga there 's a local rule which states that there 's no penalty if a monkey steals your golf ball . And in Uganda , golfers at the Jinga Golf Club are permitted a free drop if their ball lands in the footprints of a hippo .	A large raven is stealing golf balls from the course at a club in Northern Ireland One woman had two balls taken in her round , costing her a competition prize A man in Denver , Colorado , caught a fox stealing golf balls from his putting green At one club in Uganda you are permitted a free drop if your ball lands in a hippo 's footprints
CNN  -- Jenny Sanford said Thursday that her husband Mark Sanford 's political career is "  not a concern of mine " and that she 'd be just fine -- regardless of whether their marriage survives . Jenny Sanford , here with her husband , was a Wall Street executive before she married Mark Sanford . She would not speculate whether her husband would resign as South Carolina governor . "  His career is not a concern of mine , " she told reporters as she departed the family 's vacation home in Sullivan 's Island , South Carolina . "  He 's going to have to worry about that . I 'm worried about my family and the character of my children . " She added that she would be fine , with or without her husband . "  I have great faith and great friends and great family . We have a good Lord in this world and I know that I 'm going to be fine and not only will I survive , I 'll thrive , " she said . "  I do n't know if he 'll be with me , but I 'm going to do my best to work on my marriage because I believe in marriage . I believe in raising good kids is the most important thing in the world , " she said . After disappearing from the public eye for nearly a week , Gov. Mark Sanford , 49 , admitted to having an extramarital affair with an Argentine woman . He also admitted Wednesday that he had not hiked the Appalachian Trail during his absence -- as his staff had said earlier -- but had been in Buenos Aires , Argentina . Jenny Sanford would not reveal whether she was headed back to the family 's home in Columbia . "  Right now we 're taking it a day at a time . Right now we 're going out on a boat . " Watch more of Jenny Sanford 's comments " Gov. Sanford , leaving the family home in a different car , was in a far less talkative mood . "  I 'm going back to Columbia , " he said . The State , the Columbia-based newspaper that acquired what it said were e-mail exchanges between Sanford and the woman in Argentina , acknowledged Thursday that there would likely be people who would call for the governor 's resignation . "  We are not ready to join them at this point , " its editorial said .	Jenny Sanford : I 'll be fine regardless of whether our marriage survives South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford admitted affair with Argentine woman Governor also admitted he just got back from Argentina
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In a show of force after unrest last week that left 35 people dead , Chinese authorities have ramped up security in the far-western region of Xinjiang . Armed police held rallies in several cities in Xinjiang over the weekend , the local government news website Tianshannet reported . The site carried images showing convoys of armored vehicles and trucks full of police officers in riot gear . China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs defended the action Monday , saying the government will "  make every effort to ensure the long-term stability and development in Xinjiang . " The measures follow an outbreak of violence Wednesday in which a group attacked police stations and other government buildings in a remote Xinjiang township , Chinese state-run media said . Authorities have described it as a "  terrorist attack , " but overseas Uyghur groups have questioned the official version of events . In the violence , 24 people , including two police officers , were killed , state media say , and police shot and killed 11 of the attackers and captured four others who were wounded . State media reported further unrest in a different area of Xinjiang on Friday in which there were an unspecified number of arrests but no casualties . Periodic bursts of violence have hit Xinjiang , a resource-rich region where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . The violence "  poses a great threat to the country , " Hua Chunying of the Foreign Ministry said Monday . "  People in Xinjiang aspire to stability , development and harmony , " Hua said . "  The attempts by some groups to harm stability in Xinjiang will never succeed . " Previous unrest But Wednesday 's events appeared to be the deadliest clashes since July 2009 , when rioting between Uyghurs and Han Chinese left around 200 people dead and 1,700 injured in Urumqi , the regional capital . As the anniversary of the Urumqi unrest approaches , Chinese authorities are taking a tough line . A senior official from the ruling Communist Party called for armed police squads to carry out patrols around the clock in Xinjiang , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported at the weekend . Meng Jianzhu , secretary of the Party 's Commission for Political and Legal Affairs , asked armed police "  to take precautionary and preemptive measures to strike hard on violent terrorist crimes so as to ensure a peaceful and happy life for people of all ethnic groups in the region , " the agency said . Chinese authorities have n't mentioned the ethnicity of those involved in the unrest Wednesday . State media accounts have described them as "  rioters , " "  gangsters " and "  religious extremists . " A Xinhua report Sunday said police had arrested one of them who had been on the run after the clashes . It gave his name as Yiblayan Eli , an apparently Uyghur name . The Xinhua article reported that the group had been planning the attack since mid-June and carried it out after one of its members was arrested Tuesday . Complaints of discrimination Uyghurs have complained of discrimination by the Han Chinese and harsh treatment by security forces in Xinjiang , despite official promises of equal rights and ethnic harmony . In China as a whole , Han Chinese account for 92 % of the population . They now make up about 40 % of the population of Xinjiang , where Uyghurs used to be predominant . In April of this year , clashes killed 21 people in Xinjiang 's Kashgar prefecture . Regional government officials called those events "  a terrorist act " carried out by "  mobsters , " an account that overseas Uyghur groups disputed . "  The increasing frequency with which these incidents occur illustrates the PRC 's reticence to address the root causes of the tensions that are escalating , " said the World Uyghur Congress  WUC  , a Germany-based Uyghur advocacy group . It used an abbreviation of People 's Republic of China to describe China . "  There is an ever pressing need for the PRC to afford linguistic , cultural and religious freedoms , as well as ceasing politically motivated arbitrary detentions , enforced disappearances and extrajudicial killing , in order to alleviate the recurrence of these needless and avoidable events , " the WUC said . The U.S. State Department has also commented on the situation , which has irritated Beijing . "  We 're deeply concerned about ongoing reports of discrimination against and restrictions on Uighurs and Muslims in China , " State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said last week . "  And we 've urged China to address those counterproductive policies , and we 've urged a thorough and transparent investigation into some of this violence . " Hua , the Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman , responded by saying that Chinese authorities protect the rights of ethnic groups in accordance with the law and with respect for their freedom of religion , Xinhua reported . Hua said that the United States has been a victim of terrorism and that Beijing hopes that Washington would avoid using double standards when discussing terrorism . CNN 's David McKenzie , Steven Jiang , Dayu Zhang and Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : Chinese Foreign Ministry defends the extra security China deployed armed police in cities in Xinjiang over the weekend The measures follow violence last week that left 35 people dead There are ethnic tensions between Han Chinese and Turkic-speaking Uyghurs
The Brooklyn district attorney said Friday he will impanel a grand jury to investigate the death of Akai Gurley , who was unarmed when a rookie police officer shot him to death in the unlit stairwell of a housing project last month . "  I expect to present evidence regarding the ... shooting of Akai Gurley to a grand jury because it is important to get to the bottom of what happened , " District Attorney Ken Thompson said in a press release . "  I pledge to conduct a full and fair investigation and to give the grand jury all of the information necessary to do its job . " Earlier Friday , Gurley 's mother , Sylvia Palmer , said that "  I pray to God I get justice for my son . " "  My son was my heart and now he 's been taken away from me , " Palmer said at a press conference . The Brooklyn district attorney 's decision comes as protesters take to the streets of American cities to protest police killings of unarmed black men in Ferguson , Missouri , and New York . A wake was held Friday night for Gurley at Brown Memorial Baptist Church in Brooklyn . Gurley , 28 , was killed November 20 . He was "  a total innocent who just happened " to run into Officer Peter Liang in a "  pitch black " stairwell at the Louis H. Pink Houses in Brooklyn , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters the day after the killing . Liang , with less than 18 months on the job and on probationary status , has been placed on modified assignment and stripped of his gun and badge pending an investigation . Liang and his partner were part of a "  violence reduction overtime detail " at the Pink Houses , where a spate of serious crimes have been reported in recent months , including two robberies and four assaults , Bratton said . The officers had taken an elevator to the building 's top floor to check on the roof and were taking the stairs down from the eighth floor , Bratton said , when the officer discharged the weapon . There were no lights in the stairwell leading up to the roof . Liang drew a flashlight and his weapon "  for safety reasons , " the police commissioner said . The other officer did not draw his gun . In the darkened stairwell , Liang 's gun discharged about the same time that Gurley , the father of a 2-year-old , and his girlfriend were entering the seventh-floor landing , Bratton said . U.S. Rep. Hakeem Jeffries , a Democrat who represents large sections of Brooklyn , said told CNN Friday that the problem in many police shootings is officer training , not race relations . He noted that Gurley was African-American and Liang is Asian-American . Jeffries said he 's pleased the grand jury investigation will occur and hopes for "  an aggressive presentation of information . "	Brooklyn district attorney says he 'll impanel grand jury in November 20 shooting Akai Gurley was unarmed when a police officer shot him to death "  I pray to God I get justice for my son , " Gurley 's mother says Officer Peter Liang had been on the job 18 months , police said
Singer Chris Brown and a bodyguard were arrested Sunday morning and charged with felony assault , the Washington Metropolitan Police Department said . The arrest could have serious legal consequence for Brown , 24 , since he is serving probation for the felony domestic violence conviction relating to his 2009 attack on former girlfriend Rihanna . Brown and bodyguard Christopher Hollosy allegedly attacked a man with their fists outside the W Hotel in downtown Washington at 4:25 a.m. Sunday , police said . The police incident report obtained by CNN identified the alleged victim as Isaac Adams Parker , 20 , of Beltsville , Maryland . Parker did not immediately respond to a CNN call for comment . Parker told police that he tried to jump into a photo that Brown was posing for with a female fan on the sidewalk when the singer said , "  I 'm not down with that gay s -- t " and "  I feel like boxing , " the police report said . Parker said that Brown then punched him in the face with his closed fist , the report said . Parker said Brown 's bodyguard -- who stands 6-foot-5 and weighs 240 pounds -- stepped between them and punched Parker in the face , the report said . The bodyguard then grabbed Brown by his arm and pulled him toward his tour bus , which was parked near by , it said . Brown and the bodyguard were taken into custody and were being held at the Second District police station , police said . Both men were later transferred to a central jail cell block for processing , police said , Parker was treated and released at a hospital for treatment for a bruised and swollen face , police spokesman Anthony Clay told CNN . Brown was in Washington to host a "  homecoming party " at The Park at Fourteen nightclub Saturday night , according to his Twitter feed , just four blocks away from where he was arrested Sunday morning . His representative and lawyer did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment Sunday . Brown is on probation in California for a felony domestic violence conviction involving Rihanna . Any arrest could be considered a violation of that probation , which could result in jail time . Prosecutors filed probation violation charges against him twice in the past year , resulting in the judge ordering him to complete an additional 1,000 hours of community service . In August : Brown ordered to 1,000 hours community labor Brown was arrested in February 2009 for punching Rihanna inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street . The altercation left the face of Rihanna , also a chart-topping singer , bruised and bloody on the eve of the Grammy Awards . He entered a guilty plea seven months later and was sentenced to serve five years probation and ordered to spend more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service . " His probation reports were glowing until the past year , when the district attorney 's office accused him of not completing the 1,400 hours of community labor , which he was allowed to do in his home state of Virginia . Brown calls out Jay-Z in new interview He was also accused of hit-and-run after a minor traffic crash earlier this year . The driver of the other car told investigators that Brown "  went ballistic " and screamed at her after his Range Rover rear-ended her Mercedes on a Los Angeles street . In August , Brown 's lawyer reached a settlement with prosecutors to end their efforts to revoke his probation . The deal called for Brown to complete another 1,000 hours of community service . Probation rules require Brown to stay out of all legal trouble . Even an arrest that does not lead to a conviction could result in a probation violation charge . He is scheduled to appear before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin on November 20 for a probation status hearing . Chris Brown thinking of quitting music ?	Alleged victim says he was attacked when he tried to get into a photo with Brown Brown allegedly said "  I 'm not down with that gay s -- t " Brown and a bodyguard were booked at D.C. 's Second District police station Brown is on probation for a felony domestic violence conviction involving Rihanna
Another proposal for change is surfacing at the NCAA . The body that regulates athletics at the vast majority of U.S. colleges and universities is thinking about redefining academic fraud . There has been some confusion in the last few years about exactly what the NCAA 's responsibility is when it came to academic fraud on campus . So the organization 's Academic Cabinet ordered a review , deciding that for an academic scandal to lead to violations there needs to be both a nexus to a school 's athletics department , and it needs to affect the eligibility of athletes . "  Now that it 's clarified , do we like it ? " said Carolyn Callahan , who chairs the 23-member Academic Cabinet . "  How much institutional autonomy do we want ? How much oversight do we want ? " Callahan said those questions were brought to the committee long before a firestorm of public pressure on the NCAA to revisit its decision not to sanction the University of North Carolina over its "  paper class " scandal , saying it involved more students than just athletes . As CNN first reported , congressional hearings could be the upshot of inaction by the NCAA on the UNC scandal ; U.S. Rep. Tony Cardenas , D-California , is sending a letter to NCAA President Mark Emmert demanding answers about the NCAA 's handling of it . Two years ago , UNC 's internal investigation uncovered that several athletes were enrolled in classes where little or no work was required . A grand jury in Orange County , North Carolina , recently indicted a former professor who allegedly accepted money for teaching those "  no-show " classes . Cardenas , a member of the House oversight committee , told CNN he is prepared to issue subpoenas and call for a hearing if Emmert does n't provide substantive answers to his letter . Callahan said there have been some passionate discussions among the Academic Cabinet members the last few meetings . The next meeting is in June , and she said there is a possibility that during that meeting they will make recommendations to the NCAA leadership council , which meets again later in the summer . "  Everyone assumes because of the timing this is a UNC issue , " Callahan said . "  This came up first on our agenda way before the UNC case . Everything the NCAA does takes a long time . The cabinet only meets three times a year for a day and half , and that 's not the only thing on the agenda . "  Certainly , all of us are aware of it , but that 's not the impetus for the discussion , and it 's not the only case we 're talking about , " she said . The NCAA Legislative Council recently said a discussion of academic misconduct will "  occur in the new governance structure " that would include new members to the board of directors and giving five major Division I conferences more power in making decisions affecting student-athletes . Juggling too much ? But Gerald Gurney , a former compliance director who worked in collegiate athletics for 30 years , is skeptical there will be academic fraud changes . "  They are trying to divert attention from what I consider to be a most obvious case of outrageous academic fraud , to needing a redefinition of academic fraud , " Gurney said . Gurney and another professor , David Ridpath at Ohio University , just started research that will compare what is known about UNC 's academic scandal to other institution 's academic scandals and how they were handled by the NCAA . Gurney said he suspects this may be the NCAA 's way of getting around taking a second look at what happened at UNC . "  From what I see at the moment , I feel strongly it is the worst academic fraud violation in the history of the NCAA , " Gurney said . " ... They choose to ignore it . They are juggling so many balls right now , with respect to lawsuits , unionization issues , they really ca n't afford right at this moment to open up a major investigation on North Carolina . It would further jeopardize public confidence in the NCAA 's ability to control athletics . " He frames it with "  from what I see at the moment , " because the full breadth of what happened at UNC is still trickling out , two years after it was first reported by the News & Observer of Raleigh . UNC has long insisted that the paper classes were solely the idea of one man -- now-indicted professor Julius Nyang ` oro , who was head of the African-American studies department . The school says it has instituted reforms to ensure such academic problems do n't recur . A third look at UNC scandal This year , shortly after CNN reported the findings of whistleblower Mary Willingham that showed a shocking number of functionally illiterate and ill-prepared student athletes at the prestigious public school , UNC announced it commissioned its third review of the scandal . Whistleblower leaves : ` It 's been a hostile work environment ' This time , former U.S. Justice Department attorney Ken Wainstein is taking a look . Among his questions : Did members of the athletic department know and talk about the paper classes ? Previous reports commissioned by UNC said no . Another question : How long was this happening ? There is still no clear answer on that , either . Meanwhile , Willingham says she expects to play a role in the upcoming civil case of former UCLA basketball star Ed O'Bannon vs. the NCAA . O'Bannon is suing to allow student-athletes to be compensated the use of their name and likeness . Several NCAA critics have told CNN they believe the NCAA refuses to look at the fraud at UNC because it might mean conceding their biggest argument against paying players -- that they athletes are paid in the form of an education . "  The umbilical cord between the student and the athlete is being slowly cut and if it 's cut I think that has very serious consequences for the NCAA , " said Tom McMillen , former basketball star-turned-congressman and a member of the University of Maryland 's Board of Regents . "  Athletes are not given an education . They step out of the university and they may have a degree , but they do n't have an education and that 's the sad thing about it . " McMillen has advised those pushing for reform -- most recently those behind the attempt by Northwestern University football players to unionize -- to go after the NCAA over the way they handle academic fraud . He said during a forum at the Aspen Institute that academic fraud is "  the chink in the armor " of the NCAA . Power conferences may get more autonomy Whether that pressure is working remains to be seen , but never before have there been so many consecutive pushes for reform . As O'Bannon 's case goes to court this summer , the Northwestern union case will be moving through appeal , and an antitrust lawsuit filed by four current athletes to eliminate the compensation cap will be making its way through the first stages of the civil court process . Emmert , the NCAA president , has spent the last few weeks making waves with polarizing media interviews . It all led to an NCAA board of directors meeting on Thursday and a proposal to give more power to five so-called power conferences and their 65 universities . In turn the schools would be able to give more benefits like having the option of increasing stipends for athletes to keep up with the cost of attending college and other small pleasures , like paying for airline flights to championship games for their families . A final vote will be taken in August . The changes are in line with what reformists want . But Ramogi Huma , president of the National College Players Association and the main force behind the Northwestern union attempt , cautions on the NCAA 's motives . For 13 years  the NCAA  has fought all of these changes and now that their backs are against the ropes , " Huma said , referencing the legal actions . "  They had no choice but to gravitate towards the goals that we 've set to pursue . It 's definitely a step in the right direction , but it 's not quite voluntary . It 's not that schools and conferences are coming to their senses , it 's that players are mobilizing and forcing change . "	NCAA looking at two elements of definition of academic fraud Next meeting for committee is in June Critics are concerned NCAA did n't see a scandal at North Carolina as a case of athletics violations NCAA also looking at giving five big conferences more decision-making ability on benefits
India 's prime minister called for calm Sunday after clashes erupted between police and demonstrators protesting a gang rape in the country 's capital . "  We will make all possible efforts to ensure security and safety to all women in this country , " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said . "  I appeal to all concerned citizens to maintain peace and calm . " Public outrage has surged after the gang rape and beating of a 23-year-old woman on a moving bus on December 16 . The prime minister 's comments came after thousands of protesters defied a ban on demonstrations in New Delhi on Sunday . For a second day , demonstrators were blasted with water cannons . While some dispersed , others huddled tightly in a circle to brave high-pressure streams in the cold December weather . "  We want justice ! " the protesters shouted in chorus . In addition to banners and cardboard placards , many demonstrators carried Indian flags as they scuffled with police . Authorities fired tear gas to try to break up crowds . Police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said "  hooligans who had joined the protesters " hurled stones , injuring 78 officers . At least 65 protesters were also injured , he said . Many police vans and a dozen public buses were damaged during the demonstrations , he said . As he appealed for peace Sunday , Singh acknowledged that the anger is "  genuine and justified . " Authorities have n't released the name of the rape victim , but protesters are calling her "  Damini , " which means "  lightning " in Hindi . "  Damini " is also a 1993 Bollywood film whose lead female character fights for a housemaid , a victim of a sexual assault . "  We support you Damini . We 'll keep fighting for you , " a middle-aged woman at the historic India Gate said Sunday . "  Damini wants justice , " read a placard at the protest . Police bundled scores of young protesters into buses in the Raisina Hill area , home of the India Gate , the presidential palace , the parliament building and ministerial offices . Demonstrators slipped under police vans to deflate tires and prevent them from driving off . Officers dragged them out . The rape victim 's injuries were so severe she spent days in intensive care in a city hospital , battling for her life . Police said Saturday that she had recovered enough to give a statement to a magistrate from her hospital bed the night before . Surviving rape : iReporters speak out The protest was among a number of anti-rape demonstrations held across the country in the past week . A video journalist was killed by police gunfire Sunday during a violent protest in India 's remote northeastern state of Manipur , authorities said . The journalist was covering a protest against a separate molestation case in the provincial capital of Imphal , state police said . Protests have rocked Manipur over the alleged molestation of a local actress by a suspected militant on December 18 , during a public performance . Protesters had torched a vehicle , forcing police to open fire , officer Manik Longjam said Sunday . The journalist died in the gunfire , Longjam said . Police said the molester was still at large . Official data show that reported rape cases have increased more than tenfold over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 . New Delhi alone reported 572 rapes last year and more than 600 in 2012 . Opinion : Rapes show that Indian society needs a new attitude Six suspects , including the bus driver and a minor , have now been arrested in connection with the rape of "  Damini . " As fury about the assault gathered pace , some Indian lawmakers called for treating rape as a capital crime . "  We 'll work collectively to see we make a law which is deterrent and preventive , " said New Delhi 's chief minister , Sheila Dikshit . India 's Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde told reporters Saturday that the government would work toward increasing punishment in "  rarest of the rare " rape cases . But pressed on whether the administration would agree to demands for death by hanging in such instances , he said : "  We 'll have to see in what way it  the rape sentencing  can be enhanced . " Shinde said the government was pushing for a speedy trial for the attack . Authorities are also taking a number of steps to improve security for women in New Delhi , particularly on public transport , he said . "  The  government shares the widespread concern and support that has been expressed throughout society for the girl who has so suffered . Government also respects the right of legitimate protest , " Shinde said . "  At the same time , there is need to exercise calm at this juncture and for everyone to work together to improve the safety and security environment . " In the meantime , the victim has been promised the best possible medical care , Shinde said . A physician described the woman 's condition Saturday as better than a day earlier , but said there was still a risk of infection . She is receiving psychological as well as medical care , he said . Read more : Indian girl seeks justice after gang rape Following the brutal assault , the country 's human rights body sent notices to city police and federal authorities , demanding an explanation . "  The incident has raised the issue of declining public confidence in the law and order machinery in the city , especially in its capacity to ensure safety of women , as a number of such incidents have been reported in the national capital in the recent past , " the National Human Rights Commission said in a statement Tuesday . Home Secretary R. K. Singh announced the suspension of five police officers in the wake of the rape .	India 's prime minister says the public anger is "  genuine and justified " Authorities are working to "  ensure security and safety " for women , he says For a second day , protesters are blasted with water cannons in New Delhi Police say a woman was gang-raped and badly beaten on a bus
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Workers in Southeast Asia 's shrimp industry suffer regular abuse and sometimes live in what amounts to virtual slavery , a human-rights organization said Wednesday . The Solidarity Center report says the global shrimp industry is worth about $ 13 billion annually . Sexual and physical abuse , debt bondage , child labor and unsafe working conditions are common in Thailand and Bangladesh 's shrimp processing factories , the Solidarity Center said in a 40-page report . The Solidarity Center describes itself as "  an international nonprofit allied organization of the AFL-CIO established to provide assistance to workers around the world . " Workers told Thai police who raided one factory in September 2006 "  that if they made a mistake on the shrimp peeling line , asked for sick leave , or tried to escape , they could expect to be beaten , sexually molested , or publicly tortured , " according to the report . The plant , Ranya Paew , "  was more like a fortress than a factory , with 16-foot-high barbed-wire capped walls , an armed guard force , and an extensive internal closed-circuit television system , " the Solidarity Center alleged , citing Thai police reports . "  Behind the walls , the police found a scene that one report described as ` little short of medieval , ' with hundreds of workers literally trapped inside the compound , living in squalid conditions , forced to work long hours , and subjected to physical , emotional , and sexual intimidation and abuse . Workers who angered the employer were often ` put to shame ' in front of others by having their hair cut or shaved in patches . Women and girls were stripped naked and publicly beaten as a form of discipline . " The report says the owner of the factory , who was charged with some offenses , received little in the way of punishment . "  Despite widespread worker rights abuses , including child labor and human trafficking , the owner was charged only with employing children under 15 and failing to provide holidays and time off . Though these charges are serious , they were treated as first-time labor code violations . The owner initially only paid a fine of about $ 2,100 and has returned to work . " The report , "  The Degradation of Work : The True Cost of Shrimp , " also contains information from interviews with workers in Thailand and Bangladesh . The labor rights organization did not name the workers , saying they could suffer retaliation from employers if their identities were not protected . "  In April 2007 , workers at a factory owned by a major Thai shrimp processing company spoke with Solidarity Center partners , alleging hazardous working conditions as well as an intimidating and discriminatory work environment . Workers complained of forced overtime and nonpayment of wages if production quotas were missed . They also claimed regular exposure to harsh chemicals , lack of access to first aid or health care , and poor air and drinking water quality . "  They additionally alleged that they had unexplained deductions from their pay , that they worked without a written contract , and that native Thais and migrant workers were segregated by the use of colorcoded uniforms . " U.S. Rep. Carolyn Maloney , a New York Democrat , said she was "  deeply disturbed by the findings of this report " at a news conference announcing the study . "  Simply put , this is outrageous . It is unacceptable to treat ... people this way . " Much of the shrimp processed in Thailand is destined for the United States , the report said . "  On average , Americans eat more than three pounds of shrimp each year ; about 80 percent of that shrimp is imported . In 2006 alone , U.S. shrimp imports were valued at over $ 4 billion , making shrimp the most valuable seafood import into the United States . Roughly one-third of that shrimp came from Thailand . ... In 2002 , shrimp overtook tuna as the most popular seafood in American homes and restaurants . " The Solidarity Center tracked shrimp from factories it criticized directly to some of America 's best-known retailers and restaurants , though it did not allege wrongdoing on the part of the U.S. companies . Wal-Mart , the world 's largest retailer , was among the companies mentioned . A spokeswoman for Wal-Mart said the company was not aware of the allegations until contacted by CNN but that it adhered to industry standards . "  We hold our shrimp suppliers to the highest safety and quality standards -- including maintaining processing plants and packaging facilities that meet or exceed best aquaculture practices  BAP  standards set by the Global Aquaculture Alliance . Although we have not seen the Solidarity Center 's report , we are working with our suppliers to investigate the allegations shared by CNN , " Deisha Galberth of Promote Communications said in a statement on behalf of Wal-Mart . The global shrimp industry is worth about $ 13 billion annually , the report said , making shrimp "  the most popular and widely traded seafood in the world . " Thailand is one of the world 's largest shrimp exporters ; Bangladesh has a much smaller industry . E-mail to a friend	Sexual and physical abuse , child labor alleged in Southeast Asia shrimp industry Thai police described one factory as "  little short of medieval , " report says Much of shrimp processed in Thailand is destined for the United States U.S. lawmaker calls report 's findings "  outrageous ... unacceptable "
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Italy has the highest rate of bank robberies in Europe , an Italian study said this week . Of the 4,150 bank robberies that were reported in Europe in 2009 , 1,744 -- or 42 percent -- were done in Italy , according to the study , which was carried out by the Italian bank watchdog Osservatorio and a trade union , CISL . Northern Italian cities , including Milan and Turin , saw the highest numbers of bank robberies , said the study , which was released Wednesday . One of the reasons Italy sees so many robberies is high cash liquidity , it said . The majority of robberies involve direct intimidation , including kidnapping the relatives of a bank employee , the study said . The result for staff is absenteeism , low productivity , difficulty concentrating , disturbed sleep , an anxious state of mind , complications in personal relationships , and irritability , it said . The amount of money lost from bank theft in Italy in 2009 was 36.8 million euros  $ 48 million  , the Italian Association of Banks  ABI  calculated . ABI has carried out its own studies of the bank robbery phenomenon , the Italian daily La Stampa reported . It found that in two out of every three robberies , the thieves made off with about 15,000 euros  $ 18,600  and took less than three minutes . It also found thieves preferred to use small knives and paper cutters as weapons , and that most robberies happened on Mondays and Fridays . The Osservatorio-CISL study and the one by ABI said Italian banks spend more than 700 million euros  $ 870 million  every year on anti-theft equipment such as closed-circuit cameras and alarms . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report	Italy has the most bank robberies in all of Europe Italy had 1,744 bank robberies last year , study finds Most robberies involve direct intimidation of staff
CNN  The baconification of America just reached a new level . No longer is it enough to have bacon on your pizza . A new menu offering from Little Caesars will also wrap 3.5 feet of bacon around the pizza 's crust . The chain 's Bacon Wrapped Crust Deep ! Deep ! Dish Pizza was announced Wednesday and will be available nationwide Monday . The rectangular , deep-dish pie comes wrapped in whole strips of thick-cut , crispy bacon , then topped with pepperoni and even more chewy pieces of bacon . The pizza will be available for a limited time . It 's a diet buster for sure , although Little Caesar 's claims there are more fattening items out there . "  Nutrition wise , compared to other pizzas or fast food items in the market , it 's really not astronomical -- if you 're going to indulge , this pizza is definitely worth it , " Little Caesars spokesperson Tina Taylor tells CNN . At 450 calories and 23 grams of fat per slice , the new bacon-wrapped pie is "  healthier " than a McDonald 's Big Mac , which tops out at 530 calories and 27 grams of fat . At $ 12 , Taylor asks , "  What could be more delicious than a pizza wrapped in bacon ? " Indeed .	Why not wrap your pizza crust in bacon ? Little Caesars is launching a new pie swaddled in the savory meat
CNN  -- Taiwan 's economy slumped 8.36 percent during the last three months of 2008 , the government said Wednesday . People line up to receive $ 108 U.S. dollars worth of shopping vouchers in Taipei , Taiwan , last month . The island 's economy spiraled into recession with its second straight quarter of economic losses . For the third quarter of 2008 , Taiwan 's real gross domestic product  GDP  , adjusted for inflation , slipped about 1 percent , according to the Directorate General of Budget , Accounting and Statistics . Behind the dismal economic numbers is a global recession that is sapping demand for the products Taiwan makes . "  The types of exports that Taiwan ships to the West -- electronics -- are very severely affected , very sensitive to changes in Western consumer sentiment , " said Frederic Neumann , a senior Asian economist for HSBC . The GDP numbers are the broadest measure of Taiwan 's economic activity . A recession is defined as two consecutive quarters of falling GDP . Taiwan 's central bank , in a move to boost the economy , on Wednesday dropped its key interest rate one-quarter point , to 1.25 percent . Since the end of 2007 , the central bank has lowered rates by more than 2 percent . In January , the Taiwanese government offered the island 's residents up to $ 108 each to go shopping , in another attempt to stimulate the economy . More than 90 percent of those eligible took up the offer , pumping about TW $ 86 billion  $ 2.6 billion  into the economy and sending shoppers to malls , officials said .	Taiwanese economy now in recession now after second straight quarter of losses In January , government offered residents up to $ 108 each to stimulate economy Slump of 8.36 percent followed third-quarter slump of one percent
Finale Emilia , Italy  CNN  -- Thousands of survivors huddled in tents or in their cars under rainy skies early Monday following a weekend earthquake that killed seven people across northern Italy . Aftershocks rattled the country 's industrial heartland throughout Sunday evening following the magnitude-6 .0 quake that struck around 4 a.m.  10 p.m. Saturday ET  . The head of Italy 's Civil Protection Department , Franco Gabrielli , said 11,000 people had been displaced after the quake , with the government putting 3,000 of them up in tents or hotels . In Finale Emilia , about 35 km  21 miles  north of Bologna , 75 people were sleeping in cars in a public park . One of them was Filomenna Gatti , who planned to cram into a Fiat Punto with her husband and three children under 6 . "  I close my eyes and I see stones falling and I feel the ground shaking when it 's still , " Gatti said as she walked her dog . "  I do n't want to be in any building . " Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti was expected to return from the NATO summit in Chicago on Monday , his government announced Sunday . Monti annoucned Sunday he was leaving the conference early , vowing , "  All that is necessary will be done as soon as possible " to help the survivors . The quake was centered about 4 kilometers  2.4 miles  outside Camposanto , northwest of Bologna , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . In addition to the seven reported fatalities , 50 people were injured in the quake , Gabrielli said . iReport : Watch the earthquake aftermath unfold The stricken region is part of Italy 's industrial heartland , and the dead included two people killed in a ceramics factory in Sant ` Agostino di Ferrara , about 30 km from the epicenter , civil protection agency spokeswoman Elisabetta Maffani said . Workers were still digging through rubble in hopes of finding survivors in Sant ` Agostino , where the quake knocked down a church bell and a magnitude-4 .8 aftershock brought down part of its city hall Sunday evening . "  We have just lost our history . Four generations of my family lived here , and now it 's gone , " 72-year-old Luciano Frendo said as he walked through Finale Emila . "  Our history has collapsed . " The civil protection agency said it expects to get more reports of injuries as rescue workers make their way to remote villages in the mountainous area . Heavy rain was expected to continue into Tuesday after hampering rescue efforts and efforts to spot survivors from the air . Other deaths included one person killed when a work shed collapsed in nearby Ponte Rodoni di Bondeno , Maffani said . In addition , a woman in Bologna died of a heart attack during an evacuation , a Moroccan national died when the factory he was working in collapsed and a sixth victim was found dead under rubble in Sant ` Agostino , she said . The body of a seventh victim was located under a collapsed house , according to Alessio Bellodi of the civil protection branch in Bologna . The same area was struck by a 5.3-magnitude quake in January . And a 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck near the central Italian city of L'Aquila , more than 400 km to the south , in 2009 , killing more than 300 and causing widespread destruction . CNN 's Joseph Netto and journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	NEW : Up to 11,000 displaced by quake ; survivors huddle in tents , cars At least seven dead , 50 injured in northern Italy quake Italian PM cuts short NATO summit trip after earthquake The USGS says the magnitude was 6.0
CNN  -- Chants of "  Shame on you " rained down from a packed Michigan state Senate gallery Thursday as the state 's lame-duck GOP legislature advanced legislation giving workers the right to opt out of union membership . Labor unions and Democrats in the state legislature , some of whom walked out on the vote , lambasted the rush move as a stealthy subversion of the public will in labor-heavy Michigan . "  Republicans who got defeated up and down the ballot are using this lame-duck legislature to try and jam through legislation that flies in the face of what the voters wanted , " said Bob McCann , the spokesman for the state 's Senate Democratic Caucus . "  It 's a disgusting process and a disgusting result . " Michigan 's house passed two bills and the state Senate approved one that would make Michigan a "  right to work " state in which public and private workers could opt out of union membership and dues . The bills must be now voted on by the opposite chamber before going to Gov. Rick Synder , who supports the change . Twenty-three U.S. states have similar legislation , according to the National Right To Work Legal Defense Foundation . Republican supporters , including Gov. Rick Snyder , said the proposal would improve the state 's economic competitiveness . "  Under freedom to work , Michiganders will have the freedom to choose whether or not to join a union , " Snyder said . "  They wo n't be forced to pay union dues if they do n't want to , and they wo n't lose their jobs because of it . And if they want to pay dues voluntarily , they have the freedom to do that , too . " Synder announced the surprise plan to reporters Thursday morning . Within hours , thousands of labor supporters descended on the capitol building in Lansing to protest , but were met by police who used pepper spray to keep some of them out of secure areas . Authorities arrested eight people and locked down the building , preventing thousands of protesters from getting in and drawing the ire of Democratic Sen. John Gleason . "  They 're just ramming it through with no public involvement , " he said . "  They locked the state Capitol down . Every way they could , they shut the people out of the process . " Police said they were not trying to limit protest rights but were fearful of a repeat of events last year in Wisconsin , where demonstrators occupied the statehouse to protest Republican Gov. Scott Walker 's efforts to strip union rights from most state jobs . "  People have a right to protest but it will be done in an orderly manner , " state police Inspector Jean Adamczyk told CNN affiliate WDIV . The building was locked down because its capacity had been exceeded , he said . Enough people had gotten in to fill the gallery . Gleason complained that Republicans used a legislative maneuver -- placing the provisions in an appropriations bill -- to prevent voters from having the opportunity to overturn the decision . "  If you dedicate funds to legislation , it ca n't be overturned by the public , " he said . Lawmakers also skipped committee hearings that normally precede the final passage of legislation , McCann said . "  That 's a complete subversion of how the legislative process is supposed to work , " he said . "  They 've just completely thrown that out the window . " McCann said it 's likely Democrats would challenge the validity of the legislation in court if it wins final approval . State law requires the House to wait five days before considering the bill . Michigan , with its ties to the auto industry , has long been a stronghold for the labor movement ; 671,000 residents of the state are union members . But the state has suffered economically in recent years and Synder said employers need the flexibility to compete with businesses in neighboring Indiana and other states with right-to-work laws . The proposal would not affect collective bargaining rights , except to eliminate the ability of unions to have companies fire workers who refuse to pay union dues , said F. Vincent Vernuccio , director of labor policy for the free-market Michigan think thank , the Mackinac Center . Synder , in a blog entry on his website , said he thinks Republicans were n't trying to destroy unions . "  We owe much to the labor movement -- the end of child labor , the 40-hour work week , safe working conditions in factories , and a guaranteed minimum wage , " he said . "  The labor movement is an important part of Michigan 's fabric , and nothing about this proposal eliminates it . " But Michigan State AFL-CIO President Karla Swift said the bill does n't help workers at all . "  In the wake of this legislation , the only ` freedom ' gained for Michigan workers will be the freedom to make less , the freedom to be disrespected at work , the freedom to struggle to pay their bills and the freedom to be left out of the American dream , " she said . CNN 's John Fricke , Dave Alsup and Michael Pearson contributed to this report	NEW : "  Nobody should be surprised if there are some legal challenges , " McCann says Gov. Snyder says the legislation would make Michigan more competitive The AFL-CIO says workers in right-to-work states get less pay and fewer benefits The vote takes place to a chorus of "  Shame on you ! "
CNN  -- Two idyllic South Pacific islands are facing a water crisis ; they 're running out of it , and fast . The island nations Tuvalu and Tokelau have declared states of emergency after six months of little or no rainfall . It 's estimated that at the current rate of consumption the Tuvaluan atoll of Funafuti , home to 5,000 people , will run out of drinking water in two weeks . Tokelau , a territory of New Zealand with a population of 1,500 , could run dry in just one . "  We are all working in line with the fact that we recognize this national emergency situation , " Jo Suveinakama , the general manager of the Tokelau government told Radio New Zealand . The New Zealand Red Cross flew emergency supplies to Tuvalu Monday on a New Zealand Defense Force flight along with two aid workers and two foreign ministry staff . "  We have mobilized 2,000 collapsible water containers , hand sanitizers , tarpaulins to be used to capture rain  and  two emergency desalination units , " Andrew McKie , New Zealand Red Cross International Operations and Emergency Manager said in a statement Tuesday . The emergency desalinators are being sent south on a patrol boat at midnight Tuesday to the small atoll of Nukulaelae , part of Tuvalu , whose population of 330 is reported to be down to its last 60 liters of water . Schools have closed as residents conserve what little water they have and pray for rain . "  It 's a pretty dire situation there , " Gareth Smith , New Zealand High Commissioner to Tuvalu told Radio New Zealand . Smith is one of the two foreign ministry staff sent to Tuvalu this week . In Nukulaelae , water is being rationed . Families - some with as many as 10 people - are forced to live on just 40 liters a day , according to Dave Hebblethwaite , a water management adviser from the Applied Geoscience and Technology Division of Secretariat of the Pacific Community . "  Families are getting by washing in the sea and only having a short wash in fresh water if at all , " he said , adding that most of the fresh water is being reserved for drinking and cooking . The Tuvalu government briefed a group known as the "  Diplomatic Corps " Tuesday in the Fijian capital of Suva on the type of aid that might be needed . Delegates included head of foreign missions , international agencies and regional organizations . Parts for desalination units and fuel top the list , Hebblethwaite said . Tuvalu , the world 's fourth smallest country , is a nation of four reef islands and five atolls covering 26 square kilometers in the Pacific Ocean halfway between Hawaii and Australia . The island nation relies almost exclusively on rainwater collected from the roofs of homes and government buildings to supply a population of 10,000 . However , three dry spells over the last three years has gradually drained the community 's water supplies . "  Communities in Tuvalu are pretty used to doing it tough , " Hebblethwaite said . "  Atoll environments are really hard environments to live in and when you 're just relying on rainfall for all of your water , you find yourself in situations where you do need to make the most of every small amount . "  For these communities to be asking for external assistance , it shows that the situation is quite serious , " he said . New Zealand 's Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully has warned the water crisis could lead to food shortages as crops fail . "  We 're now doing an assessment , not just in Tuvalu but also in other areas of the Pacific that are affected by the shortage of rainfall , making sure we deal with the drinking water issue most urgently , " he told Radio New Zealand . Tuvalu imports the bulk of its food but its people also grow their own crops , mostly taro . The root vegetable is grown in pits filled with organic matter due to the lack of soil available on the atoll . "  We know that on some of the islands , particularly on Nukalaelae , many pits are suffering damage from either drying out or getting saline from the water table . So there 's certainly an impact on food security , " Hebblethwaite said . "  We 're even finding that some fruit trees are suffering , even coconuts , which is unusual . Coconut palms on Nukalaelae are starting to lose their fronds , " he said . Tuvalu has been very vocal in its calls for international help to mitigate the effects of climate change . It has warned that it is in danger of "  sinking " as sea water levels rise . "  The information we have about climate change and rainfall patterns is getting better and better every month , " Hebblethwaite said . However he added that assessing long term trends on the islands was difficult to due the lack of rain gauges . "  One thing 's for sure , water will be the main mechanism by which climate change impacts on these island communities , whether it be by droughts or by storms or floods , " he said . "  So building their resistance to today 's climate variability that they 're experiencing will be a key defense they can employ against the future impacts of climate change , and I think people are recognizing that . "	Tuvalu and Tokelau in the South Pacific running out of drinking water Tokelau with a population of 1,500 , could run dry in just one week Tuvalu , located midway between Hawaii and Australia , has two weeks of water
Service had been restored by midday Thursday for tens of thousands of AT&T 's U-verse TV , Internet and phone customers after an outage that lasted several days . " "  U-verse service has been restored for all customers affected by the outage. , " AT&T spokeswoman Emily Edmonds told CNN on Thursday . "  We know our customers count on their U-verse service , and we apologize for the inconvenience . " Edmonds said the outage hit "  a limited number of customers " in the South , some of whom were without service since Monday . The service has roughly 7.4 million subscribers . In all , fewer than 1 % of those customers experienced the outage , according to an earlier AT&T statement . The outage was related to a software upgrade , Edmonds said , saying the problem was fixed by AT&T engineers Thursday morning . The service outage did not affect AT&T 's landline or wireless service subscribers . User reports on a discussion thread in the AT&T forums spread from Florida to parts of Texas . By Thursday , many of them were reporting that service had returned . Not that it prevented several from venting their frustration . "  I just got an AT&T ad in email that said how wonderful they are too , " wrote one subscriber from Oklahoma . "  Come on already . My husband says we are canceling . There is no excuse for no service at all for 3 days , no explanation , and not even following through on the ones that you had appointments scheduled with ... . Bad , bad , bad business . " Edmonds said that affected customers will receive a credit on their bills . The credits will appear within 30 to 60 days , she said . U-verse is a "  triple play " bundle of cable TV , phone and Internet services offered by AT&T . It was launched in 2006 and is available in 22 states .	AT&T says U-verse service back up for all after outage AT&T : Roughly 1 % of the service 's subscribers were hit with a multiday outage Problem was linked with a software update , AT&T says
Washington  CNN  -- Gen. John Allen , the former leader of coalition forces in Afghanistan who was nominated to become supreme allied commander of NATO , is retiring instead of continuing to pursue the post , President Barack Obama announced Tuesday . Allen informed Obama that he will leave the service rather than move forward with the nomination , which requires Senate confirmation , a White House statement said . "  I met with General John Allen and accepted his request to retire from the military so that he can address health issues within his family , " Obama said . In a statement later Tuesday , Allen said his reasons for retiring were personal . "  While I wo n't go into the details , my primary concern is for the health of my wife , who has sacrificed so much for so long . For more than 35 years , my beloved Kathy has devotedly stood beside me and enabled me to serve my country . "  It is profoundly sobering to consider how much of that time I have spent away from her and our two precious daughters . It is now my turn to stand beside them , to be there for them when they need me most , " he said . Allen , a Marine Corps general , was the top coalition commander in Afghanistan for nearly two years . He relinquished that command earlier this month after planning the end of the mission 's combat operations . However , Allen was caught up in a scandal over embarrassing e-mails with Tampa socialite Jill Kelley that came to the public 's attention during the same investigation that brought down former CIA Director David Petraeus . CNN previously reported that Defense Department officials said there was inappropriate language in those e-mails , but no evidence of an affair between Allen and Kelley . Allen 's nomination for the NATO commander post was put on hold while the Pentagon 's inspector general looked into the issue . He was cleared of wrongdoing after several months and the White House initially indicated Obama would proceed with the nomination . On Tuesday , Obama called the general one of America 's finest military leaders . Allen "  presided over the significant growth in the size and capability of Afghan National Security Forces , the further degradation of al Qaeda and their extremist allies , and the ongoing transition to Afghan security responsibility across the country , " Obama said in the statement . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said in a statement on Tuesday that Allen 's leadership in Afghanistan "  will be long remembered as pivotal " to the mission . "  The strategy he developed and implemented has put us on the right path towards completing this mission , with Afghan forces now on track to step into the lead for security nationwide this spring and to assume full security responsibility by the end of next year , " Panetta said . Panetta , who also is stepping down , previously acknowledged that Allen has "  been under a tremendous amount of pressure , " and advised him to take his time in deciding whether to continue pursuing the NATO commander position . In July 2011 , Allen succeeded Petraeus to inherit the largest-ever NATO force in Afghanistan and spent 19 months directing his forces against Taliban insurgents and preparing for the first phases of a hand-over of provincial security to local and national forces . About 150,000 ISAF members were deployed at that time , including just under 100,000 U.S. troops . There are 66,000 U.S. service members currently deployed to the region , and Obama announced last week his intention to bring home 34,000 of them within a year . Less than a month after he assumed command , the United States suffered its deadliest single attack of the Afghan war when insurgents downed a CH-47 Chinook helicopter in Wardak province , killing 30 U.S. service members . The toll included 22 Navy SEALs . Allen later faced additional diplomatic crises that followed controversial incidents that included the accidental burning of Qurans by U.S. service members , U.S. airstrikes that resulted in civilian deaths and the killing of 16 civilians in a massacre allegedly carried out by a U.S. service member . An uptick in "  green-on-blue " attacks -- in which Afghan forces or trainees turn their weapons against U.S. counterparts -- is also believed to have hampered the training of Afghan forces and contributed to increased public discontent at home over American deployment to the region . A graduate of Georgetown University and the National War College , Allen also drew distinction for his counterinsurgency work in Iraq , particularly in the country 's volatile Anbar province in 2008 , where he helped isolate a growing insurgency . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Allen says he is retiring due to concern about his wife 's health He was the top coalition commander in Afghanistan for nearly two years Allen was nominated to be the supreme allied commander of NATO He was cleared of any wrongdoing in a scandal over embarrassing e-mails
CNN  The Internet is a dangerous place for Mariam Veiszadeh right now . It 's where death threats lurk and vile messages appear faster than they can be deleted . But it 's also a place where support is growing in a Twitter counter-campaign -- #IStandWithMariam -- to the urgings of a U.S.-based white supremacist website , the Daily Stormer , to "  be as nasty , hurtful , hateful , offensive , insulting and ` vilifying ' as you possibly can . " And they have been . "  Leave now before we behead your mother and bury you all with pigs ... " said one tweet from an account , which has since been suspended . Many of the messages include extremely offensive hashtags . Veiszadeh , an Australian lawyer and founder of the Islamophobia Register , which tracks instances of abuse against Muslims , knows exactly why she 's being targeted . "  The reality is people do n't abuse me just because I 'm a woman or because my name is Mariam or because I 'm Middle-Eastern . They abuse me because I have a scarf on my head and because I 'm a Muslim , " Veiszadeh told CNN . Last October , Veiszadeh posted an image of a T-shirt for sale in Woolworths , one of Australia 's biggest retailers , which showed the Australian flag with the words "  If you do n't love it , leave . " She called the shirt "  bigoted , " a flood of complaints followed and the shirt was withdrawn from sale . Woolworths apologized and blamed an ordering error , saying it "  should never have been on our shelves . " That could have been the end of it . However , three months later , the Australian Defence League  ADL  -- a right-wing group that 's calling for Islam to be banned in Australia -- posted Veiszadeh 's tweet on its Facebook site , along with another one she posted saying "  Everyone is entitled to dress as they please , " with the title "  Hypocrisy Much ? " The post attracted dozens of offensive comments . Abusive tweets followed but the campaign took a more sinister -- and organized -- twist when the Daily Stormer implored its "  troll army " to attack her . The post , in part , justifies the attack as revenge for the prosecution of a 22-year-old woman from Ipswich , in the Australian state of Queensland . The woman allegedly sent a stream of invective to Veiszadeh , calling her a tramp , whore , "  rag head " and other offensive names . She 's been charged with "  using a carriage service to menace , harass or cause offense " and is due to appear on court on March 11 . On the blog post calling for the tirade of abuse , the Daily Stormer publisher justifies the attack by saying attempts to ban freedom of speech "  should be responded to with the most ridiculous conceivable hateful speech . " It recalls a similar "  successful " campaign against Luciana Berger , a British MP who was targeted with a barrage of abusive messages after a man was jailed for sending her an anti-Semitic tweet . "  The goal of these operations is to purposefully enrage the target , so as to escalate the situation to the level of media attention , and the method for doing that is through the most extreme speech possible , " writes Daily Stormer publisher Andrew Anglin on one blogpost . He said attention would force a discussion about whether people should be jailed for hate speech , concluding that "  the vast majority of White  sic  people do not think name-calling should be an imprisonable offense . " Veiszadeh is adamant the campaign of intimidation will not be successful . "  If their stated objective is to silence me , then my stated objective is to do the exact opposite , " she said . Earlier this week , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott foreshadowed tougher penalties for hate speech , as part of a move to strengthen the country 's counter-terrorism laws . "  No one should make excuses for Islamist fanatics or their imitators here in Australia , " Abbott said . Australia 's Race Discrimination Commissioner Tim Soutphommasane -- who himself has been the target of a Daily Stormer hate campaign -- says the country 's current laws under the Racial Discrimination Act "  send an important message to bigots and racists . " "  Those who peddle messages of hatred should be made to answer for their extremism . And they should know that the rest of Australian society rejects their promotion of fear and division , " he said . However , the Racial Discrimination Act does not cover attacks on a person based on their religious beliefs . That 's covered by state laws , which vary from state to state . Veiszadeh said in New South Wales , where most of Australia 's Muslims live , there 's no law to cover Muslims who are abused on the basis of their religion . Of the Queensland woman due to face court , Veiszadeh said , "  Had this woman not referred to my ethnicity , I would have absolutely no grounds to take action against her . " But even a change in Australian law would n't solve the issue of attacks emanating from outside the country by trolls who create multiple fake accounts to attack then vanish . The Daily Stormer has issued instructions to its followers on exactly how to do it , reminding them not to threaten violence  though some have  , presumably in an attempt to avoid legal action . Right now , Veiszadeh is concentrating on naming the trolls and urging her 15,000 followers to block their accounts . "  I 'm still getting horrifying images and abusive tweets but , as bad as that sounds , I 've become accustomed to it . I 've developed a thick skin and for me it 's about exposing bigotry and raising awareness about Islamophobia . "	Australian lawyer receives barrage of abuse at the urgings of a U.S. website The Daily Stormer instructed followers to be as " nasty , hurtful , hateful , offensive " as possible Counter campaign sees thousands tweet #IStandWithMariam
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A man charged with stalking sports reporter Erin Andrews is now accused of making nude videotapes of her in one more city than previously thought , according to court documents filed Wednesday . Michael David Barrett , 48 , is accused of surreptitiously videotaping the ESPN reporter through hotel peepholes and posting the videos online . Authorities previously had said they believed most of the videos were made at a Nashville , Tennessee , hotel in September 2008 . But the information filed Wednesday alleges that Barrett also taped Andrews through an altered peephole in a hotel room in Columbus , Ohio , in February 2008 . Barrett stayed in the hotel room next door to Andrews , the information said . He is charged with interstate stalking , which carries a potential sentence of five years in prison , said Thom Mrozek , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in the Central District of California . Barrett was arrested in Illinois , but will make an initial appearance in federal court in Los Angeles on Friday , Mrozek said . He is scheduled to be arraigned on November 23 and will be asked to enter a plea . An Illinois judge last month released Barrett on bail . Barrett waived his right to be indicted by a grand jury , Mrozek said , and authorities on Wednesday filed a criminal information against him in place of an indictment . Investigators found that Barrett reserved a room at a Milwaukee , Wisconsin , hotel where Andrews was staying in July 2008 , but did not check in , according to prosecutors and the initial criminal complaint against him last month . The complaint accused him of making seven videos from the surreptitious tapes . In Nashville , the door peephole into Andrews ' room was altered with a hacksaw , and the peephole to her room in Milwaukee was altered in a similar way , the criminal complaint said . Authorities believe the videos were taken with a cell phone camera . In addition , the complaint said that Barrett "  traveled from Illinois to Victim Andrews ' home state " in August 2008 , but did not specify which state . Barrett allegedly attempted to sell the videos to celebrity gossip site TMZ in January 2009 . TMZ did not purchase the images , but employees of the Web site assisted in the investigation by providing information to Andrews ' attorneys , authorities said . However , the videos were posted to other Web sites by Barrett , the criminal complaint said , with labels like "  Sexy and hot blonde sports celebrity shows us her all . " Andrews , 31 , is a sideline reporter for ESPN , traveling around the country covering college football games . The criminal complaint said she became aware of the videos in July and that their posting has caused her distress , anxiety and trouble sleeping .	Man accused of surreptitiously taping Andrews nude , posting videos online Previously , most of the tapes were thought to have been shot in a Nashville hotel Court documents filed Wednesday claim videos also were made in Columbus , Ohio Stalking charge carries a potential five-year prison sentence
Los Angeles  CNN  -- In this week 's episode of Justin Bieber 's brush with the law , the pop singer has been accused of attempted robbery , police said . It sounds worse than it may be : The alleged incident is apparently over a cell phone . Los Angeles Police Department robbery detectives were investigating a report of an alleged robbery Monday night "  between an individual and Mr. Bieber near the batting cages " on Los Angeles ' west side , a police statement said Wednesday . "  The case remains under investigation with detectives conducting numerous interviews , " police said . A source close who 's close to Bieber and is familiar with the situation played down the incident .	LAPD robbery detectives are investigating an incident involving Bieber , police say Source close to Bieber says incident "  was n't a big deal " People were "  taking pictures , some more aggressive than others , " source says The pop star has been in a whirlwind of controversy this year
CNN  -- The wife of the president of Oral Roberts University is denying allegations of improper behavior , saying the claims "  sicken " her . Richard Roberts and wife Lindsay appear on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " last week . Lindsay Roberts , in a statement on the university 's Web site , said the allegations against her "  sicken me to my soul . ... I live my life in a morally upright manner and throughout my marriage have never , ever engaged in any sexual behavior with any man outside of my marriage as the accusations imply . " The suit , filed earlier this month , has drawn international attention to the private Christian school in Tulsa , Oklahoma , founded by evangelist Oral Roberts , father of university President Richard Roberts . The new allegations come in an amended version of the wrongful termination suit filed by three former professors , who say they lost their jobs after reporting that Roberts and his family lavishly spent school money for personal expenses . The amended lawsuit , filed Friday , also alleges that the university gave a "  convicted sexual deviant unrestricted access to students " while the man acted as a "  mentor . " The lawsuit also claims the university shredded evidence three days after the suit was filed against the school . The school denies both accusations in a statement on its Web site . The new allegations involving Lindsay Roberts come in a section titled "  Scandal Vulnerability Assessment . " It says that photos show her and an underage male smoking at the president 's residence and that she "  spent the night in the ORU guest house with an underage male on nine separate occasions . " It also references 29 photos it says show her and an underage male alone in her car , time-stamped after midnight , despite a citywide 10 p.m. curfew for minors not with their parents . The suit does not allege sexual behavior . The suit says Richard Roberts "  sought approval from stakeholders for moving the underage male into the family residence , " and "  a longtime maintenance employee was summarily fired so that the same underage male companion could have his position . " In her statement , Lindsay Roberts denied all the allegations against her in the lawsuit . "  The part that grieves me the most is that these accusations are being brought forth in so many areas and being seen and heard through the media when the parties suing have continued to say they do n't even know if these allegations are true , " she said . "  I believe it 's grossly unfair to allow such speculation to be used against me and attached to a lawsuit in which I am not even named as a party . " Other allegations in the amended version of the lawsuit are in a section accusing the ORU board of negligence . It says that this past summer , the Board of Regents allowed the president and the school "  to give a convicted sexual deviant unrestricted access to the students of the university . " The man had previously "  confessed to crimes " in courts in Tulsa and the surrounding area and was convicted , the suit says . "  In one of these convictions , this ` Mentor ' for ORU students -- reportedly hired at the direct personal instruction , and under the direct supervision of President Richard Roberts -- confessed to the facts regarding exposing himself to a 15-year-old boy in a school locker room , " the suit says . It also says three days after the initial lawsuit was filed on October 2 , the board allowed ORU and Roberts to fire the school 's financial comptroller after 26 years of service . Within hours , "  voluminous materials and documents were shredded and destroyed , constituting spoilation of evidence , " according to witnesses , the suit says . Beyond the online posting , university officials did not immediately reply to a request for comment Monday by CNN . The suit was filed by John Swails , Tim Brooker and Paulita Brooker , who accuse Richard and Lindsay Roberts of treating school funds like their own bank account , using them for home renovations , expensive vacations and clothes -- allegations the Robertses and the school have previously denied . After complaining to the school 's Board of Regents about university spending , two of the professors were fired from their jobs and the third was thrown into conditions "  so intolerable " that he had no choice but to resign , the lawsuit says . One of the firings , the suit says , was also in retaliation for the plaintiff refusing to drop a sexual harassment complaint that one of his subordinates made against an associate provost , who is named as a defendant . The suit calls for actual damages "  in excess of $ 10,000 " and punitive damages also "  in excess of $ 10,000 " for each plaintiff , as well as attorneys ' fees , court costs , "  and any further relief that the court deems just an equitable . " In an interview last week on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " before the latest allegations were added to the suit , Richard Roberts called it "  the most unusual thing I 've ever witnessed in my life . " Asked whether someone is out to get him , he responded , "  It sure seems that way . " Lindsay Roberts called the allegations "  preposterous . " The three plaintiffs who filed the lawsuit , meanwhile , accuse school officials of making libelous public remarks about them in an effort to discredit the lawsuit . Last week , before the amended suit was filed , the board vowed to hire an auditor to look into "  allegations made in regards to Oral Roberts University and certain members of the administration , " board Chairman George Pearsons said in an October 7 statement posted on the ORU Web site . "  The Oral Roberts University Board of Regents is committed to operating the institution in accordance with all ethical , legal and moral standards . " E-mail to a friend	Suit filed by three profs who say Oral Roberts University fired them unfairly Lindsay Roberts says charges sicken her , and she 's never had extramarital sex Suit also claims university gave a convicted sex offender access to students University denies that , also denies shredding evidence
CNN  -- Internet media giant Yahoo! has secured exclusive rights to publish online highlights of the English Premier League until 2013 . The content will be provided to British-based consumers only , from the start of the 2010/11 season in August . The move adds to the basketball  NBA  , golf  PGA  , ice hockey  NHL  and baseball  MLB  action the company already supplies to its U.S. users . The agreement will allow football fans access to five-minute highlights of every Premier League game via its Web site . Yahoo 's European managing director Rich Riley claimed the deal shows their intent to supply high-quality sport action . "  The acquisition of Premier League rights shows how serious Yahoo! is about providing the best in video content , " said Riley . "  Sport is a passion for our target audiences and the Premier League rights are a key part of our efforts to build on Yahoo 's reputation for engaging , original content . " Sport Industry Group 's Drew Barrand told CNN the announcement underlines a wider trend of sport broadcasting increasingly finding a home on digital platforms . "  In the world that we live in , there is less time to watch television in its traditional format , " said Barrand . "  Mobile rights and online rights are very much the future in how the consumer will interact with sport -LSB- broadcasts -RSB- . Every outlet will need to react to that and change their strategy accordingly . " In an official statement sent to CNN , Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore acknowledged the significance of online highlights . "  The way fans access Barclays Premier League action is growing ever more diverse and sophisticated , " explained Scudamore . "  The online highlights package is an important medium for supporters of all our clubs to be able to follow match action . "	Yahoo! has secured exclusive rights to publish online highlights of the English Premier League The internet giant will provide five-minute highlights of each Premier League game Yahoo! already provides NBA , PGA , NHL and MLB highlights to its U.S. users
CNN  -- A late goal by Robert Lewandowski earned Borussia Dortmund a precious 2-1 win against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium in the Champions League Group F match on Tuesday night . The Polish striker 's assured 82nd minute strike gave last year 's beaten finalists a vital win , bringing them level on six points with both Arsenal and Napoli who also won on Tuesday beating Marseille 2-1 . Dortmund started brightly and took the lead in the 16th minute when Marco Reus nicked the ball off Aaron Ramsey on the edge of the Arsenal penalty area before feeding the ball to Henrikh Mkhitaryan . The Armenian midfielder made no mistake with his shot firing past a helpless Wojciech SzczÄ ™ sny . Arsenal search for an equalizer was in vain until Tomas Rosicky went close in the 38th minute -- his 18-yard shot being cleared off the line . The excitement fired the home side into life and two minutes later Olivier Giroud had Arsene Wenger 's men on level terms . Bacary Sagna 's teasing cross from the right saw Dortmund keeper Roman Weidenfeller fumble the ball which then fell kindly for Giroud who slammed home unopposed from close range . The team 's remained deadlocked in the second half until Lewandowski expertly guided Kevin GrossKreutz cross past SzczÄ ™ sny to snatch all three points for the Bundesliga side . Read more : Libya 's footballers in the firing line Napoli 's trip to the Stade Velodrome was less dramatic . Goals from Jose Callejon and Duvan Zapata saw Rafa Benitez take control of the match . Andre Ayew 's scored a late goal for the home side but it was too little too late . Marseille remain pointless at the bottom of the table . In Group E , Chelsea moved top on goal difference after a convincing 3-0 win over Schalke . Fernando Torres opened the scoring with a header in the fifth minute before bagging a second in the 69th minute . Eden Hazard 's 87th minute strike rounded off a satisfactory evening for Jose Mourinho . Steaua Bucharest picked up their first Group E point thanks to a late equalizer from Leandro Tatu after Marcelo Diaz had put Basel ahead in the 48th minute . Atletico Madrid stay top of Group G after a comfortable 3-0 win against FK Austria Wien . First half goals from Raul Garcia and Diego Costa saw the away side assume control of the tie before Costa added another in the 53rd minute . With three wins from three , Atletico look odds on to win the group . Zenit St Petersburg are currently lying second with four points after beating Porto 1-0 . Barcelona remain top of Group H after a 1-1 draw against Milan at the San Siro . Robinho put the home side in front in the ninth minute following a neat one-two with Kaka before Lionel Messi leveled things up in the 23rd minute with a low shot past Milan keeper Marco Amelia . Barcelona now have seven points to Milan 's five while Celtic now have three points after recording a 2-1 win over Ajax at Celtic Park . A penalty from James Forrest got the Celtic faithful rocking at the end of the first half before Beram Kayal doubled the lead nine minutes into the second half . Lasse Schone scored a late consolation goal for the Dutch champions but the defeat sends them to the bottom of the group with just one point from three games . Wednesday Group A matches sees Manchester United take on Real Sociedad and Bayer Leverkusen play Shakhtar Donetsk while Real Madrid take on Juventus and Galatasaray host FC Copenhagen in Group B . In Group C , Paris Saint Germain travel to Anderlecht and Benfica take on Olympiakos . Manchester City play CSKA Moscow and Bayern Munich face Viktoria Plzen in Group D.	Polish striker scores 82nd minute winner in Champions League Group F match Goal sees Borussia Dortmund go level on points with both Arsenal and Napoli Barcelona stay top of Group H after a 1-1 draw with Milan at San Siro Atletico Madrid maintain 100 % record with 3-0 against FK Austria Wien
CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and some of his sons and closest advisers face investigation for alleged crimes against humanity , International Criminal Court prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo said Thursday . "  I would like to use this opportunity to put them on notice , " Moreno-Ocampo told CNN . "  I want to be clear : If their troops commit crimes , they could be made criminally responsible . " It is the first time the court will be investigating allegations as an event is ongoing . They include allegations of security forces killing unarmed protesters , forced displacement , illegal detention and airstrikes on civilians . Investigators will look at the most serious accusations in Libya since February 15 , the prosecutor said , when demonstrations against Gadhafi ramped up . Moreno-Ocampo provided a map showing the locations where alleged crimes may have been committed . He cautioned , however , that he needed more time to review the evidence . "  This is the beginning of the investigation . I can give no details , " he said . "  We can not confirm these allegations that these civilians were bombed by planes . But we have ... confirmation that civilians that were demonstrating were shot by security forces . "  We interview people and we will present the evidence to the judges . The judges will decide who should be prosecuted , " he said . But Moreno-Ocampo warned that anti-Gadhafi protesters would also be held accountable for criminal activity . "  Now , it 's not just civilian demonstrations . Now , there are people opposing Gadhafi with weapons . And also we would like to warn them , you can not commit crimes . Our business in Libya is  to  stop the crimes , " he said . The prosecutor will offer Gadhafi and others "  any opportunity they want to provide their own version  of events  . Because we have to be impartial . But also , we want to warn the other parties . No one can commit crimes in Libya . " Moreno-Ocampo emphasized it was the first time the ICC was able to respond in real time to allegations , partially due to social-networking sites such as Facebook . "  This triggered a very quick reaction . The  United Nations  Security Council reacted in a few days ; the U.N. General Assembly reacted in a few days . So , now because the court is up and running we can do this immediately , " he said . "  I think Libya is a new world . How we manage the new challenge -- that 's what we will see now . " Moreno-Ocampo , who said he plans to finish his investigation within weeks and hopes to have the judge 's decision within months , also announced the probe at a press conference Thursday . "  We identified some individuals with a factor of formal authority who have authority on the security forces who allegedly committed the crimes , " he told reporters . "  They are Moammar Al Gadhafi , his inner circle including some of his sons who have a facto authority , but also there are some people with formal authority that should pay attention to the crimes committed by their people because if they are not preventing stopping and punishing these crimes they could be responsible in accordance with the law . "  They are minister of foreign affairs , the head of the regime security and intelligence , the head of Gadhafi personal security and the head of Libyan external security . So we would like to use this opportunity to put them on notice . If forces under their command commit criminal acts , they could be responsible . "	Prosecutor to probe allegations of killing protesters , illegal detention , airstrikes on civilians If troops commit crimes , Moammar Gadhafi could be held responsible , prosecutor says Anti-Gadhafi forces also could be investigated , he warns It 's the first time the International Criminal Court has probed an ongoing event
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- U.S. airstrikes targeted militant hideouts and arms caches in separate attacks over three days in Yemen , killing at least 64 suspected al Qaeda insurgents before the strikes ended Sunday , senior Yemeni officials told CNN . Officials at U.S. Central Command and the Defense Department contacted Sunday provided no information on the purported attacks . U.S. officials rarely discuss the drone program , though privately they have said covert strikes using drones are legal and an effective tactic in the fight against extremists . The latest strike involved at least five U.S. drones and took place in the Jabal Khanfar region of Jaar , located in southern Abyan province , two senior Yemeni security officials said . At least six suspected al Qaeda militants were killed , Yemeni officials said . A member of the military committee -- Yemen 's highest security authority -- confirmed that strike , and said the Yemeni government was given no advance warning of it . "  The United States did not inform us on the attacks . We only knew about this after the U.S. attacked , " the committee member told CNN . The strike was the third such attack on suspected al Qaeda targets in less than three days , according to Yemeni officials . The United States was also involved in two other major attacks on Friday and Saturday , which killed at least 58 suspected al Qaeda insurgents , two senior Yemeni defense ministry officials said . The Friday airstrikes occurred in the Yemen province of al-Baitha in areas used as launching pads for militant attacks . The second attack took place in the towns of Jaar and Zinjibar in Abyan province . One of the ministry officials said the attacks happened late in the day , when Yemeni air forces are not capable and trained to conduct such operations . Earlier , separate security officials had said Yemeni air forces were behind the first two airstrikes . At least 34 suspected al-Qaeda militants , among them four senior leaders in the network , were killed in the al-Baitha attack , said Mohammed al-Ameri , governor of the province . Smoke from the air raids covered the skies hours after the strike . Security forces also formed new checkpoints in nearby districts . Residents said military aircraft roam the skies of the province around the clock . Yemeni rights organizations condemned the alleged U.S. airstrikes , calling them illegal . HOOD , a prominent Sanaa-based rights organization , said that no one has the right to kill another person without first bringing that person to trial . "  This is illegal and dozens were killed without given a chance to prove their case . We are against any U.S. attack in Yemen , " said Mohammed Nagi Allow , HOOD 's president . More than 200 Yemeni troops were killed recently in clashes against al Qaeda in Abyan . Militants took over a military camp there , seizing large caches of weapons . They are still holding 72 troops hostage . Yemen has been desperately trying to weaken terror militant groups after they succeeded in taking over large parts of Abyan province last year . The United States has been backing Yemeni efforts against al Qaeda and has periodically struck targets inside Yemen , as occurred in September , when a drone strike killed American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki .	Officials at U.S. Central Command and the Defense Dept. provide no details The United States gave Yemen no advance warning , a Yemeni official says U.S. officials rarely discuss the drone program
Former Sen. Rick Santorum , R-Pennsylvania , said this week that the growing threat towards American religious freedom by the government could lead to "  Christian persecution , " similar to how the oppression of Jews and Christians evolved over time under Nazi Germany . Arguing that the rise of the Nazi regime happened in a stable country where it was not expected , Santorum said that a similar situation could occur in the United States where , according to Santorum , religious liberties are "  under direct assault " for the first time in history . "  Germany , prior to the Nazis getting there , was a very religious country , " Santorum said in an interview with the Christian Post . "  It was a Christian country . It was a very sophisticated country . " "  The idea that you can have this kind of persecution take place over a period of ten years -- where you go from Christians -- Jews , obviously , but also Christians -- being not just persecuted but put to death -- was unfathomable , " he said . "  It was unfathomable to them that  in  a country like this , this could happen . Same thing here . " While the former presidential candidate did acknowledge that persecution in America is "  fairly mild " compared to what 's going on in other parts of the world , he warned that it is still dangerous because "  it 's something that grows over time . " "  It starts in a gradual erosion , " Santorum said . "  We 're not in a dire situation right now , but that does n't mean you ca n't get there . I would argue that there 's a certainty that we will get there if we do n't push back and defend our liberties . " "  If we do n't nip it here , then things get a lot worse , " he continued . Asked why such attacks on religious liberties exist in America , Santorum said it is mostly a result of government overreach . "  The government wants to tell you how to live your life , " Santorum said , citing abortion and same-sex marriage issues . "  You either conform to what the government says you have to believe in , or you 're going to lose certain privileges . " Santorum discussed the topic as part of an interview about his new film , titled "  One Generation Away , " which is produced by a movie production company run by Santorum called EchoLight Cinemas . The film , Santorum says , highlights where religious persecution comes from , what it is about and why it is a danger to society .	Ex-Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum says Nazi-like religious persecution possible in U.S. Santorum : Most attacks on religious liberties are a result of government overreach Former senator urges people to push back "  and defend our liberties "
CNN  -- Authorities in San Francisco are asking for help from anybody who witnessed a recent fatal stabbing of a Dodgers fan after a man once suspected in the case was released . The fatal slashing occurred Wednesday night and some have said it stemmed from the long-standing baseball rivalry between fans of the Los Angeles Dodgers and the San Francisco Giants . The incident occurred after the Dodgers and Giants played and a man wearing Dodgers gear was killed just blocks from the San Francisco stadium . The victim was Jonathan Denver , 24 , the son of a Dodgers security guard . A day after the stabbing , police arrested a 21-year-old man and said he faced a homicide charge . But Friday night that man was released from jail , CNN affiliate KGO reported . The San Francisco District Attorney 's Office released a statement about the case asking for witnesses to come forward . "  In California , it is the People 's burden to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant did not act in lawful self-defense , " the statement said . "  We are also asking for the public 's help . If anyone witnessed the incident or has video , please contact the SFPD . " The killing shocked many . "  The fact that anybody got into any sort of beef over the Giants and the Dodgers and somebody lost their life , " San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr said earlier this week . "  It 's just senseless . " In a prepared statement , the Giants called the incident "  horrific . " The club held a moment of silence for Denver before a Thursday night game , and police bulked up security . A Dodgers statement said "  the pain that this has caused his family and friends is unimaginable . "	The killing occurred Wednesday night near the San Francisco stadium The victim was wearing Dodgers gear "  It 's just senseless , " police chief said .
An 11-year-old boy 's rendition of the national anthem at Game 3 of the NBA finals brought the usual appreciative applause Tuesday , but outside AT&T Center in San Antonio , his performance brought a darker reaction from some posters on social media -- and eventually an online backlash against their racist comments . See the performance by Sebastien De La Cruz Here 's a sampling of some of the unkind tweets that went flying around the Internet about Sebastien de la Cruz : -- "  Why they got a Mexican kid singing the national anthem - ___ - " from Daniel Gilmore . -- "  How you singing the national anthem looking like an illegal immigrant " from Andre Lacey , proud father and firefighter from Augusta , Georgia . -- "  Why is a foreigner singing the national anthem . I realize that 's San Antonio but that still ai n't Mexico " from Lewie Groh . -- "  Who let this illegal alien sing our national anthem ? " from Matt Cyrus . And the list went on and on . As for Sebastien , he said the racist comments have not fazed him . "  For those that said something bad about me , I understand it 's your opinion , " said Sebastien to CNN . "  I 'm a proud American and live in a free country . It 's not hurting me . It 's just your opinion . " Sebastien has been singing since he was 5 but gained fame in 2012 after being on NBC 's "  America 's Got Talent " for singing his mariachi ballads with hopes of winning to help his younger brother get surgery for his hearing problem . Juan de la Cruz , Sebastien 's father , has n't taken the negative comments personally at all . "  When he was on ` America 's Got Talent , ' he faced racism there , too . You ca n't satisfy everyone , " said de la Cruz to CNN . "  I think people reacted the way they did because Sebastien was wearing his mariachi outfit , " said de la Cruz , "  But , it does n't make sense to listen to those people when most of the feedback we have gotten is positive . San Antonio supports Sebastien . " A collection of the negative tweets was posted on Public Shaming , a Tumblr blog dedicated to outing and shaming racists ' social media posts . Other media outlets used that post as the foundation for the story , and the story took off from there . The blog highlighted 28 tweets from NBA fans who came off as offended and ashamed that the Spurs would allow the boy , who happened to have been born and raised in San Antonio , to sing the nation 's anthem . However , Public Shaming must have suspected what would happen once the racist tweets were posted because most of the Twitter handles have been deactivated or the tweet has been removed . The blog posted screen shots of the tweets so it could continue to display the public microbloggers ' rants . After the harsh reaction spread across the Internet , tweets supporting and defending Sebastien and vociferously denouncing his critics started to take over : -- "  That little 10 year old mariachi National Anthem singer has more talent and grace than the combined racist pig idiots on Twitter , " from Mexican-American cartoonist Lalo Alcaraz -- "  Racist scumbag says Chicano kid singing nat'l anthem just "  snuck into the country . " This idiot 's apparently of color too . @A2daO , " from Laura Gonzalez , a Chicana Santa Rosa City Schools board member and middle school teacher . -- "  Why are ppl so upset over a Hispanic singing the national anthem . He 's probably got more roots in here than most ` Americans ' , " said Amanda Aguirre on Twitter . -- And , from the American Latino Museum , "  We 're proud of the 11-year old San Anto-native Sebastien de la Cruz for his amazing performance last night ! " San Antonio is a multicultural city with more than 55 % of the population being Hispanic and 90 % of those people identifying themselves as Mexican according to the Pew Hispanic Center . For some Mexican-Americans , the incident was just the latest sign of a persistent problem they face : being treated as outsiders in their own country . "  To see people acting this way does n't make sense anymore . It 's a demographic fact that the country is changing and Latinos are going to be behind that economic push that moves everyone forward , " said Chon Noriega , director of the UCLA Chicano Studies Research Center , to CNN . "  Cities like San Antonio are defining a trend of a nation . " That the word "  Mexican " is being used as a derogatory term is part of the problem , said Noriega , "  It 's become the N-word of Mexican descent . Yet it 's also the name of a group of people in a neighboring country . " It will take a lot more than some racist tweets to bring Sebastien down . The "  boy with the golden voice " tweeted earlier today : "  Please do not pay attention to the negative people . I am an American living the American Dream . This is part of the American life . " Sebastien said today was like any other day , but he 's always grateful to wake up to yet another day able to sing . He said he owes his positive outlook to his parents , family and everyone in San Antonio . See how Sebastien is handling the reaction Follow Cindy Y. Rodriguez on Twitter	Sebastien de la Cruz , 11 , sang the national anthem at NBA finals on Tuesday Racists comments spread via Twitter after the Mexican-American boy 's performance Sebastien stands resilient : "  I 'm a proud American and live in a free country . It 's not hurting me . " Father says he is n't "  taken the comments personally , ca n't satisfy everyone "
Mashable  -- Google has quietly launched its own full-length online magazine , a quarterly publication whose aim is to create a "  breathing space in a busy world . " The first edition of Think Quarterly , based out of the UK , is a 68-page dive into the world of data and its impact on business . The first thing most people will notice is that it 's a visually stunning piece of work . It 's a rich Flash app with Google 's quirky sensibilities and the in-depth writing you might find in BusinessWeek or Salon . Google 's quarterly magazine is edited and designed by creative agency The Church of London . The articles themselves are thought pieces about major business and technology topics from a variety of freelancers and contributors . Google was able to snag Simon Rogers  editor of The Guardian 's Datablog  , Ulrike Reinhard  editor of WE Magazine  , and other journalists for the project . Many of Think Quarterly 's articles feature interviews with Google executives and technology leaders . Some of the people featured include Vodafone UK CEO Guy Laurence , Google Chief Economist Hal Varian and famed psychologist Peter Kruse . "  At Google , we often think that speed is the forgotten ` killer application ' -- the ingredient that can differentiate winners from the rest , " Matt Brittin , Google 's managing director of UK & Ireland operations , said in Think Quarterly 's introduction . "  We know that the faster we deliver results , the more useful people find our service . " "  But in a world of accelerating change , we all need time to reflect . Think Quarterly is a breathing space in a busy world . It 's a place to take time out and consider what 's happening and why it matters . " It 's unclear whether the new online magazine is another sign that Google is entering the media business or whether it 's just a project to feed the company 's intellectual curiosity . Google does n't describe its newest project as a magazine or a publication . Instead , Google calls it a book on its website and a "  unique communications tool " on its Twitter account . Regardless of what you call it , Think Quarterly is an interesting and informative experiment by the search giant . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google has quietly launched its a quarterly publication Think Quarterly is 68-page dive into world of data and its impact on business Magazine edited and designed by creative agency The Church of London
CNN  -- Two people were killed when unusually large and powerful waves crashed into a cruise ship in the Mediterranean Sea this week . Here CNN Senior Meteorologist Brandon Miller explains the science behind the deadly squall that hit the Louis Majesty as it traveled from Barcelona , Spain to Genoa , Italy . What caused the wave that hit the cruise ship ? There was a strong storm moving through the Mediterranean which brought winds gusting well over 100 kph . Winds of this magnitude will result in a very rough sea state and large waves . Buoys nearby recorded significant wave heights  defined as the average of the largest 1/3 of waves over a 20 minute period  over 6 meters . The waves which hit the ship were reported to be between 8-9 meters . This would not be considered a "  rogue " wave , as rogue waves must have a height at least double the significant wave height , but it is nevertheless abnormally high . Several factors can contribute to an increase in the size of the wave , including wind direction , ocean current direction , and shape and depth of the sea floor . How common are such waves ? Waves of this height are not very common in the Mediterranean under normal conditions , but it would not be unusual to find waves of this magnitude within strong storms  as was the case with these waves  . Rogue waves , especially those not associated with stormy conditions , are far less common , but present the biggest danger to ships due to their unexpected nature . Is it unusual for cruise ships to be hit by such abnormal waves ? Cruise ships are frequently affected by large waves all over the world , although normally not to this extreme , and with minimal consequences . Cruise ships normally set their course to avoid storms and rough seas when possible . We hear of events such as this one every couple of years , such as in March 2001 when two tourist ships were impacted in the same week  the Bremen and Caledonian Star  . Can abnormal activity in one ocean impact other seas or oceans ? All the world 's oceans are connected , and we know vary large scale events such as tsunamis can traverse and affect multiple ocean basins  a very large earthquake in the Indian Ocean could conceivably create a tsunami that would be felt in parts of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans for example  . The waves which hit the Louis Majesty , however , were a much more localized event brought on by a storm system nearby . They were in no way related to the Chile earthquake and subsequent tsunami . Rough seas and high waves can be expected to occur near this storm as it moves eastward through the Mediterranean towards Greece and Turkey . How far from a storm can you find large waves ? Large waves can occur at great distances from the storm that generates them . Hawaii , for instance , will often receive high surf and large swells from tropical storms located in the Western Pacific near Asia or Eastern Pacific near North America . In order for this to occur , the strong wind must blow in a consistent direction over a large distance  fetch  , such as in large typhoons/hurricanes .	Powerful storm waves uncommon in the Mediterranean Wind , ocean current , and shape and depth of sea floor can contribute Storm waves not connected to recent tsunamis caused by Chile quake
CNN  -- As politicians and barge companies express fear of a shutdown or significant disruption , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is tackling one of two significant problems presented in the drought-stricken Mississippi River . The Corps , aware that barge traffic could be disrupted as early as next week because of sharply lower water levels , ca n't do anything about ice forming in northern portions of the river , impeding adequate water flow . But it is using contractors to remove rock formations in the river near Thebes , Illinois , to help maintain a 9-foot-deep channel for navigation , said St. Louis District spokesman Mike Petersen . Blasting , one of the removal measures , began December 21 . The removal of 890 cubic yards of limestone will continue until the end of January , Petersen told CNN on Thursday . Dredging has been ongoing since early July . A historic drought and excessive heat reduced water levels and scorched wide sections of the Midwest . Flooding last year may have worsened the situation on the Mississippi by leaving deposits of silt and debris in areas that would normally be clear . Two trade groups expressed concern Thursday that the portion of the river near Thebes -- about 125 miles south of St. Louis -- may be impassable for many vessels around January 3 or 4 . They urged the administration to release water from Missouri River reservoirs . "  This potential supply-chain disruption could amount to a staggering loss for the U.S. economy , affecting nearly 20,000 jobs , " said the statement from the American Waterways Operators and the Waterways Council , Inc. . Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , and Senate colleagues from the Midwest and South late last month called on President Barack Obama to ensure commercial navigation of the river . The letter mentioned the need for sufficient water flow into the Mississippi River from the Missouri River . "  Significant curtailment of navigation ... will threaten manufacturing industries and power generation , and risk thousands of related jobs in the Midwest , " the letter read . It cited in particular the stretch of the river between St. Louis and Cairo , Illinois . Corps officials recently met with Illinois leaders to discuss its operations , among them the release of additional water from Carlyle Lake , 50 miles east of St. Louis in south-central Illinois . Mark Fuchs , an hydrologist with the National Weather Service in St. Louis , said bitterly cold air expected in Minnesota and Iowa was expected to freeze much of the flow from the Upper Mississippi late this week . "  However , that may not have much impact on levels this far south unless the ice makes significant progress southward , roughly past Iowa , " Fuchs said on Friday .	Mississippi River faces possible traffic disruptions Ice slows water flow Crews blasting rocks that are threat to navigation
Shortly before she and her family went into hiding , Anne Frank gave some of her toys to a friend for safekeeping -- a tin of marbles , a tea set and a book . Anne had regularly played with Toosje Kupers on the streets of their Amsterdam neighborhood and tasked her friend with looking after her treasured possessions . The next part of the story is well known -- the Frank family 's suffocating experience of spending 25 months in cramped quarters , hiding from Jewish persecution by the Nazis . The world learned the harrowing tale in Anne 's own words , written in her now widely read diary . Now , some 70 years later , Frank 's colorful marbles have been rediscovered and will go on display for the first time at a World War II exhibition in Rotterdam . "  Anne gave these to her friend for safe-keeping , " Teresien da Silva , head of collections at the Anne Frank House museum , told CNN . "  She kept them for when Anne returned , but Anne did not return . " Kept in a box Frank 's account of hiding in Amsterdam during World War II , published posthumously in English as "  Anne Frank : The Diary of a Young Girl , " has moved millions of readers across the decades . The young girl , with her parents and sister Margot , had moved into a concealed apartment on July 6 , 1942 -- the "  Secret Annexe " on the Prinsengracht Canal . Only a small circle of helpers knew of their whereabouts , and the family lived in fear of being discovered . They were betrayed , arrested and deported in August 1944 . Frank died of typhus in Bergen-Belsen just weeks before the Nazi concentration camp was liberated in 1945 . Kupers had kept the belongings , only finding them decades later when moving just over a year ago . "  She discovered she had the marbles somewhere at home in the attic , " da Silva said . "  She immediately contacted us . ... We were thrilled that the marbles survived and had been kept . She decided to give everything to the Anne Frank House -- the book , the tea set and the marbles . " Treasured marbles The Anne Frank House Museum has already displayed the book , which Frank received for her 13th birthday , as well as the tea set , da Silva said . "  But we decided to present the marbles for the first time in Rotterdam , " she said . The marbles , alongside 99 other objects , make up the exhibition The Second World War in 100 Objects , which opens to the public this week . Dutch king Willem-Alexander will open the exhibition Tuesday . Da Silva said Frank was one of many Jewish children who gave away their toys before going into hiding or being deported . "  For children during that time , marbles were a treasure . They worked very hard to win them , " she said . While the marbles are old , she said , they are in good condition . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Anne Frank gave her toys to a friend for safekeeping before going into hiding Her friend kept the possessions for some 70 years The box of marbles will go on display at a World War II exhibition This is the first time the colorful marbles will be shown to the public
CNN  The revelations Thursday over the identity of "  Jihadi John " -- that he apparently grew up and was educated in Britain , and that he has a degree in computing from Westminster University in London -- have left us with some profoundly troubling issues . It appears clear that security authorities have known for some time who he is , but kept this fact hidden , either , one assumes , because they were attempting to capture him or because they were trying to protect his family from vigilantes . Whatever the reason , the fact that he had the benefit of higher education  and had picked up state of the art IT skills  once again highlights how our education system fails to protect either us , the citizens of a free country , or the students themselves from the violent horrors of Islamism . Meanwhile , the fact that many British universities this month stated they will continue to resist the proposals made by the government in the latest counterterrorism legislation  including imposing on them a duty to keep extremists off their campuses and notify the authorities if they believe their students have been brainwashed by them  is nothing short of a total national disgrace . But the news surrounding Mohammed Emwazi , identified by the Washington Post as a Kuwaiti-born Londoner , raises a few other points worth noting . First of all , by giving him a name , we give his victims ' loved ones the hope that he may be captured or brought to trial at some future date . The release of his name could also deter him from further acts of unspeakable sadism , or perhaps make some of his comrades with the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria rethink some of their plans . And it might even prompt some young European to think twice about going out to live and die for ISIS . This case also makes it clear that the time has now come for a new U.N. declaration or Atlantic Charter to the effect that these Islamist war criminals will be hunted down , and that retribution for their crimes will be sought , just as we pursued the Nazi war criminals at Nuremberg and elsewhere . Comprehensive lists of ISIS members should be drawn up as a matter of urgency . In addition , the time has come to review what can be done to stop young Muslim men and women from joining the ranks of the jihadis . Education has a part to play , but it is plain that whatever has been done so far has not been adequate . New , more proactive measures may be required . At the same time , it is also self-evident that education alone is not enough . Instead , we also need effective intelligence-led security policies that must include letting our intelligence agencies access electronic data in their search of jihadi recruitment campaigns . This is the only way we have to protect everyone . We know , thanks to Edward Snowden and his friends , that our ability to monitor and disrupt jihadists has declined by perhaps a third . Obviously , they continue to communicate , but either they are doing so in ways we find increasingly hard to track , or our security agencies are so fearful of being tarred as "  snoopers " that they have become far too cautious about investigating those who want to do us grave harm . Finally , it must surely be clear to Western leaders that as long as President Barack Obama refuses to dismantle ISIS as a political entity in the only way possible -- by putting boots on the ground -- Islamism will continue to present us in the West with a monumental threat . Sadly , it is one which will grow , fueled as it is by those we have educated with great care and to whom we have taught some of our most useful skills .	Name of man believed to be ISIS militant released Anthony Glees : Details leave us facing some profoundly troubling issues
CNN  -- Rick Santorum likes to tout his conservative credentials . "  I 've been a great , consistent leader of the conservative cause , " the former two-term Republican senator from Pennsylvania told CNN 's John King recently . "  I 've been someone who 's had ideas , fought for those ideas and have been able to accomplish things . " Santorum formally announced his bid for the Republican presidential nomination on June 6 , telling an audience that , "  I 'm ready to lead . I 'm ready to do what has to be done for the next generation . " Santorum made his kickoff comments at a campaign event in Somerset County in the western part of his home state , near where his grandfather worked in a coal mine after coming to America from Italy . Santorum said his grandfather came to Somerset County to escape fascist Italy , to "  give his children , my dad , who 7 years old when he came in 1930 , the opportunity for freedom , to live your dreams , because he knew America believed in him , believed in people , gave people a shot , if they worked hard , they could succeed . " Santorum is arguably the most frequent flyer in the battle for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination . Since 2009 , he has made 15 trips to Iowa , where the caucus is the first contest in the election cycle , 18 to New Hampshire , which holds the first primary , and 15 to South Carolina , the state that holds the first primary in the South . More Santorum coverage on the CNN Political Ticker Late last year , Santorum started building up staff in these crucial early voting states . On May 3 , he announced the formation of a presidential exploratory committee , filing papers with the Federal Election Commission . Two days later , he participated in the first GOP presidential debate in Greenville , South Carolina . Santorum will appear June 13 at a CNN/WMUR/New Hampshire Union Leader debate in the Granite State . For all his travel and appearances , Santorum still has very low name recognition among most Americans , and according to just about every poll , he registers in the low single digits nationally among Republican voters when it comes to the choice for their party 's next presidential nominee . Because of his poll numbers and because he faces much better-funded rivals , Santorum faces long odds in his bid for the Republican presidential nomination . But because of his strong opposition to abortion rights and gay rights , Santorum remains popular with many socially conservative voters who have long had an influential role in the GOP primary process . Earlier this spring , Santorum made headlines by winning a much-watched straw poll at the Greenville County , South Carolina , Republican convention . At the Faith and Freedom conference , a recent gathering of social conservatives in Washington , Santorum highlighted his credentials saying , "  I had always been pro-life , I had always been for traditional marriage , but I had always been like a lot of folks -- a lot of folks who were n't here last year but are here this year who come and make the pledge , vow to social conservatives that they 'll check the boxes , they 'll be for the things social conservatives care about . Ladies and gentlemen , I do n't just take the pledge , I take the bullets . " Santorum also emphasizes his pro-Israel stance as well as his experience in the Senate when it comes to foreign policy , which could distinguish him from most of his rivals . And he is hyping his fiscal conservative credentials . In recent interviews , Santorum suggested that House Budget Committee Chairman Rep. Paul Ryan 's controversial budget is not strong enough , saying "  not even Paul Ryan and his budget now has the temerity to go after Social Security , " Santorum was elected to the House in 1990 , at age 32 , and first elected to the Senate four years later . He lost his 2006 re-election bid by 18 points to Democrat Bob Casey Jr. and until last year was largely out of public view except for appearances on the Fox News Channel . He 's married with seven children . His youngest , Bella , was born in 2008 with a serious genetic disorder  Trisomy 18  , which in most cases is fatal .	Santorum announced his candidacy near Pennsylvania coal mine where grandfather worked A two-term U.S. senator , Santorum lost re-election bid in 2006 Santorum a favorite among social conservatives , influential in GOP primary process
Planes believed to be Israeli struck inside Syria on Sunday , the Syrian government and an opposition group said , but the two entities differed over whether the targets belonged to the Syrian military . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency characterized the strikes as "  a flagrant attack on Syria , targeting two safe areas in  the  Damascus countryside in Dimas and near Damascus International Airport . " There were no casualties , SANA reported . But a London-based opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said "  warplanes believed to be Israeli " struck a "  military area " in Dimas , a Damascus suburb . The airport target was an import-and-export warehouse , and it was not clear whether the warehouse contained weapons , SOHR said . "  There were at least 10 explosions heard in the area , and it is not known at this moment if there are any injuries as a result of these two raids , " the SOHR statement said . The Syrian army released a statement saying the strikes caused "  material damage to some facilities " and reiterating the SANA claim that the targets were civilian . "  This attack proves Israel 's direct involvement in supporting terrorists in Syria against which the Armed Forces achieved significant victories in Deir Ezzor , Aleppo , and other areas , " the statement said . "  The General Command asserted that such acts of aggression will not dissuade it from continuing its war on terrorism in all its forms across the entirety of Syria . " U.S. options in Syria shrivel as Islamists and Assad regime make gains Israel did not immediately respond to the claim but has declined in the past to comment on what it calls "  foreign reports . " The government of Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad is engaged in a long-running civil war which has seen some conflict spill over into neighboring countries . In March , after a bomb injured four Israeli paratroopers in the Golan Heights , Israeli forces responded with artillery fire aimed at Syrian military targets across the frontier , the IDF said . Israel then followed up with airstrikes . "  We will not tolerate any violation of our sovereignty and attacks against our soldiers and civilians , and we will act unwaveringly and with strength against all those that are acting against us , at every time and every place , " Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said . "  We see the Assad regime as responsible for what is going on in its territory , and if it continues to cooperate with terror organizations that are trying to attack Israel , we will continue to extract a heavy price from him , in a way which will make him regret his actions . " In October 2013 , Israeli warplanes struck a military base near the Syrian port city of Latakia , an Obama administration official told CNN . The target , according to the official , was missiles and related equipment the Israelis feared might be transferred to the Lebanon-based militant group Hezbollah . The official declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information . Asked for comment on that strike , an Israel Defense Forces spokeswoman told CNN , "  We do n't refer to foreign reports . " Life in the rubble of Kobani	Targets unclear , though state-run news agency calls strikes a "  flagrant attack on Syria " Strikes caused "  material damage to some facilities , " but targets civilian , army says Opposition groups says one target was "  military area , " the other a warehouse at airport
Mashable  -- Rumors of a Facebook bug has users from all over the world worried about private messages showing up very publicly on Timeline pages . But the social network is debunking those claims , saying these messages are actually just older wall posts . A series of reports coming out of France â $ " including ones from Metro France and Le Nouvel Observateur â $ " claim that Facebook members who sent private messages over the past few years have been popping up on public posts . Some members in the U.S. have said their private messages from 2007 and 2008 are showing up on their Timeline , but Facebook told Mashable that the company has n't found a bug and believes the discrepancy comes from a wider roll out of the newer Timeline layout on a global scale . Facebook says that if you can comment or Like that activity , then it is a wall post and not a private message . In the past , users were n't able to comment and Like posts , so Facebook believes members new to Timeline are confusing old posts for private messages . SEE ALSO : 50 % of Consumers Value a Brand 's Facebook Page More Than Its Website -LSB- INFOGRAPHIC -RSB- "  A small number of users raised concerns after what they mistakenly believed to be private messages appeared on their Timeline , " Fred Wolens of Facebook Policy Communications said in a statement . "  Our engineers investigated these reports and found that the messages were older wall posts that had always been visible on the users ' profile pages . Facebook is satisfied that there has been no breach of user privacy . " UPDATE : When asked if such a bug were possible , Wolens responded : "  While not quite a technical impossibility , these systems are run on two separate backends which would require a non-trivial amount of work for this bug to be real . " We have been unable to confirm any case where private information has been leaked . For those worried that they may be subject to a bug , users can set all wall posts to only friends or just to themselves , and also hide the activity . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Some users say old private Facebook messages are appearing on their Timelines Facebook : these messages are actually just older wall posts Social network says two separate systems make such a bug unlikely
CNN  -- This year , on the 15th season of NBC 's weight-loss show "  The Biggest Loser , " Rachel Frederickson did exactly what the show producers , the celebrity trainers and the audience asked her to : She lost the most weight . She lost so much weight , in fact , that many have decided she is now unhealthily thin . Jaws dropped at her final weigh-in . Social media exploded . At 5-foot-5 and 105 pounds , her body mass index is below what the National Institutes of Health considers healthy . I wo n't speculate on her health . That 's for a doctor to determine , and hopefully she 's regularly seeing one . She says she 's "  never felt this great . " I think I know exactly how Rachel is feeling right now . In a word : intoxicated . And as I also know from experience , that intoxication can be deadly dangerous . ` Biggest Loser ' winner : Too Thin ? Growing up as a student of classical ballet , I floated in and out of all kinds of unhealthy eating disorders . I experimented with bulimia , starvation , laxatives and diet pills . Dancers knew plenty of terrible tricks . We 'd eat carrots and use the bright orange to mark when to stop throwing up before all the nutrients and energy we needed to dance were expended . We ate tissue paper to feel full . We were caffeine addicts -- some even snorted it . Many smoked cigarettes and a few did drugs . Our unhealthy habits at Boston Ballet even led to a "  Dateline " investigation in 1997 , when a friend and fellow dancer died suddenly at 22 . She weighed 93 pounds . Not only did all of this make for very bad habits , but as an impressionable , insecure and developmentally immature adolescent girl , body issues were ingrained at the worst possible time , and when I was least equipped to deal with them . My teen years were spent , irrationally , consumed with being too fat . There was depression . There were suicidal thoughts . There was therapy . When I finally left ballet , I found relief in the normalcy of college . That relief turned to excitement when I found friends -- and boyfriends -- who thought I was pretty great , even without starving myself . And that excitement turned to empowerment when I found a career in writing that turned me on and did n't care what I looked like . I left body issues behind . I knew who I was . Ironically , all that self-esteem spurred unexpected weight loss . I suddenly dropped 10 , 15 , 20 pounds without trying . I was eating healthily , working out occasionally , and enjoying my 20s . I 'd never been happier . And then it happened . The compliments , the attention , the looks on friends ' faces who had n't seen me in a few months -- it was all euphoric . Watching the numbers on the scale tick backward , clothing sizes drop -- I 'd chased that feeling for so long as a teenager , and it was finally happening . And as the compliments turned to concern I grew even more determined to hold on to that euphoria , to keep the weight off and maybe drop a few more pounds . If someone did n't mention my weight loss , I was despondent . What was once occasional exercise became compulsive working out . Eating healthy turned into not eating . Instead of going out with friends I preferred to stay in , so I could not eat in private . I had n't been trying to lose weight , did n't even think I needed to . But when it happened inadvertently the euphoria was so addicting , I did n't want it to stop . The good news is , older , wiser and having beat body issues before , I knew I did n't want to get sucked back in to a dark and compulsive life controlled completely by my weight . I made a decision to never return to those addictions , no matter how good they felt . I stopped the feverish workouts . I returned to normal eating . I saw my friends again . Years later , I make daily decisions to strike a balance between being healthy and being obsessive . And if the choice is between being 10 pounds overweight and 10 pounds underweight , I choose over . It has n't been easy . I have a job on television now and the pressure to look good and stay thin is immense . I simply do n't pay attention to it . I was recently a bride , and unlike many women preparing to walk down the aisle , I refused to embark on some crazy crash diet to look my thinnest in a corset , though the temptation was there . And I am sure that when I have children , I 'll worry about losing baby weight like every other new mother does . But I will do all I can to obsess over my baby and not those stubborn remaining pounds . I 'll bet that Rachel Frederickson can relate to much of my story . I bet that when she was at her heaviest she was unhappy , and maybe even depressed . I bet she never thought she could look the way she wanted . I bet she fantasized about what it would be like to be thin . And now I bet she is intoxicated by the attention she 's gotten for losing so much weight , intoxicated by the rush of losing another pound , by the boost in energy she has from working out . And I bet she has vowed to herself never to gain the weight back , never to return to the previous her . I just hope that in addition to weight loss and workout techniques , the trainers and doctors on the show have equipped her to deal with the addictive behaviors that can result from successfully getting in shape . I hope they 've warned her about a mental anguish that can be just as dark as the one she felt as a heavier woman , and maybe even more dangerous . And I hope they 've told her that despite the thrill of losing the most weight , she will not become a "  loser " if she gains some back . I 'm proud of Rachel for getting healthy . And I hope she loves who she is . But the next year will be an important and potentially dangerous one for her , with addictive behaviors lurking around every corner . I just hope she 's strong enough to avoid them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S. E. Cupp .	"  Biggest Loser " winner set off discussion of what weight level is too thin S.E. Cupp says she experienced many kinds of eating disorders , including obsession with weight She says people can become addicted to the positive rewards of losing weight Cupp : Losing weight does n't mean losing the pressures caused by body issues
CNN  -- It was a joyous day for Lucie Fink when she received her acceptance letter from Johns Hopkins University . Like most prospective students , she wanted to know exactly what she was getting into before she made her decision between schools . The shiny pamphlets were all fine , but Fink really needed to hear more about the school from the students . So she went to the Web to get her answers . There she came across student-produced videos and blog entries , along with posts in a Facebook group for accepted students . "  There were all these kids that were so passionate about sharing their experience , " Fink said . "  It was then that going off to Hopkins became a no-brainer , because I had already fallen in love with the school . " Fink , who is now a sophomore , was so impressed by the originality of the student content online that she eventually became a contributor to a student-run social media site , Hopkins Interactive . The site features regularly updated blogs , videos and Twitter feeds , all produced by current students for prospective and admitted students . Daniel Creasy , the associate director of admissions and one of the people behind Hopkins Interactive , believes that it provides an uncensored look at the school . "  You definitely take a leap of faith when you put this much control of your message in the students ' hands , " he said . "  But the students feel a sense of pride that they are part of this process . " For universities competing to attract top students , it 's no longer enough to have a glossy brochure and a sleek website . Schools like Johns Hopkins are reaching out to engage with applicants on Facebook and Twitter . They 're also finding that a robust social media campaign , along with such creative features as student-run blogs , can lure prospective students while a stale online presence can turn them off . College admissions officers are indeed learning to interact with students where they hang out : online . According to a recent study by the Center for Marketing Research at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth , 100 % of universities surveyed use social media to communicate with students , up from 61 % in 2007-08 . The study found that 98 % of the responding colleges have a Facebook page and 84 % have a Twitter account . "  Social media is past the fad phase , " said Nora Barnes , director of the center . "  The numbers speak for themselves . Many students ca n't afford to visit the campus , so they are depending on the podcasts and blogs to get answers . " Top social media colleges When Ashmi Pathela , a University of Notre Dame senior , was applying to colleges , she was still receiving the traditional brochures . If she had the option of social media , she said , she would have learned more about the schools much faster . "  I think the younger generation has grown up with social media , " Pathela said . "  It 's something , like electricity , they expect it to exist . " Dean Tsouvalas , editor-in-chief of StudentAdvisor.com , also noticed this reliance on social media when students in a focus group made it clear that university catalogs did not always impress them . "  Students view the brochures similarly to school propaganda , " he said . "  There 's an aversion among them to the glossy versions that colleges put out . " Tsouvalas said that applicants often turn to the Web to talk with enrolled students about their experiences . "  They can get a sense of what life is really like on campus through social media , whether it 's through a virtual tour or Twitter , " he said . Tsouvalas has come up with a ranking system , StudentAdvisor.com 's "  Top 100 Social Media Colleges , " which classifies the universities on how well they use social media . As subjective as it may seem , the list , which was updated last month , is compiled based on a formula that requires at least 500 Facebook "  likes " and a Twitter account for a school to be eligible . Tsouvalas said the ranking takes into account factors such as enrollment size , hours between tweets and responses to posts . Anyone browsing the Top 100 list will notice a surprising trend : It 's not the Ivy League that rules the roost . Among the top 10 schools are The Ohio State University , Louisiana State University and the United States Military Academy at West Point . Although Harvard University , where Mark Zuckerberg launched Facebook as a student , topped the list when it launched in March , it was soon dethroned by Johns Hopkins . What colleges do right , and do wrong In their attempts to stand out , some universities on StudentAdvisor.com 's list have gone far beyond just having a Facebook page . The chairman of the math department at Berry College made a calculus music video with his students , who sing about derivatives in a YouTube video titled "  The Derivative Rag . " The sixth-ranked University of Kentucky created a campaign around the school 's colors of blue and white and a site , SeeBlue.com , that includes videos from students and staff . Many top schools also make creative use of Twitter to communicate with students . The University of Kentucky recently sent out tweets to some of its accepted students saying , "  Congrats and welcome to our Big Blue family . " Baylor University keeps its students updated on student affairs through its Student Activities Twitter account . And the admissions office of George Washington University has a Twitter account that messages applicants about interview weekends and decision dates . But other universities are still slow to catch on . While Lehigh University regularly tweets updates through its LehighUNews account , its main LehighU Twitter account has n't been updated since September 2009 . And it 's not the only one . Some universities neglect their websites , tweet too infrequently or fail to reply to student questions . "  It 's not enough to be satisfied that your school is on Facebook , " Barnes said . "  Students will make a judgment about the university if it is not current and responsive online . When their post does n't get answered , they are not interested anymore . " James Mueller , a University of Oregon senior , said he finds it annoying that many colleges do not use Twitter effectively . "  Why have a Twitter account if you only have four tweets in the past few months ? " he said . "  Also , colleges sometimes do n't understand the difference between Facebook and Twitter . Sometimes they tweet clones of Facebook posts . " Daniella Phillips , a University of Florida senior , said the kind of language used in social media is important to her . She has seen some universities tweet archaic words such as "  groovy , " which can be off-putting . "  It 's like reading a text message from my mom , " she said . "  It screams that ' I did n't do my research and I do n't know my target audience . ' " Engagement is key There is no one recipe for success when it comes to colleges ' use of digital media . Tsouvalas believes universities should invite students to produce online content . He cited West Point , which uploaded a video montage of its band 's drum section performing Nick Werth 's "  Rhythm of Conscience . " "  It shows a personality to the school that I would have never seen before , " Tsouvalas said . "  They are having a good time , and I loved it . That 's what makes it special . " Barnes thinks universities should avoid content on social media that presents a bland , pristine image of the school . "  PR people should not be doing these blogs . Students have an antenna for that , " she said . "  If you try to sanitize your blog , students will see right through that . " Finally , it 's not enough just to have unique online features . Without attempts to interact with students , universities ' fancy graphics or slick videos are good for nothing , Tsouvalas said . "  You can have an awesome page and gorgeous features , but you need to have real engagement , " he said . "  It makes us feel that the school really does care about its students . " Tsouvalas believes universities should think about what their focus is and what they want students to see when they Google the school . "  A successful social media campaign is when students are able to have a one-to-one connection , speak directly to the school and get interesting information that they never knew before , " he said .	Universities are reaching out to engage with applicants on Facebook and Twitter Expert : Colleges should make their social media interactions personal Student : "  Why have a Twitter account if you only have four tweets in the past few months ? " Survey : 98 % of colleges have a Facebook page ; 84 % have a Twitter account
CNN  -- A 23-year-old beauty queen and seven men arrested in vehicles loaded with weapons and cash near the central Mexico city of Guadalajara have been transferred to Mexico City , the state news agency said Wednesday . Laura Zuniga and seven men were found in vehicles with guns and $ 50,000 , Mexican police say . Laura Zuniga and the men were traveling Monday night in two vehicles that contained AR-15 assault rifles , 38-caliber specials , 9 mm handguns , cartridges and $ 50,000 in cash , said Luis Carlos Najera Gutierrez de Velazco , secretary of public security for the state of Jalisco . Police , who had received a tip that armed men were in a home , detected the vehicles in the city of Zapopan as authorities were en route to investigate the call , Najera said Tuesday . Inside one of the vehicles , authorities found Angel Orlando Garcia Urquiza , 29 , who is Zuniga 's boyfriend and the brother of "  one of the greatest capos -LSB- bosses -RSB- of narcotraffic , " Ricardo Garcia Urquiza , a member of the Juarez cartel already in police custody , Najera said . All eight were filed before the news media Tuesday . Zuniga , wearing blue jeans and a gray sweater , raised her handcuffed wrists to cover her face in a police picture . Watch footage of the eight arrested and weapons seized " They were transported in a heavily armed 30-vehicle convoy late Tuesday to Guadalajara International Airport and flown to Mexico City , the official Notimex news agency reported . The federal organized crime team in Mexico City will investigate , and the suspects will face arms charges , Najera said . Zuniga is from Culiacan in the state of Sinaloa , a center of drug activity . In July , she won the title Our Sinaloa Beauty . That gave her the right to compete two months later in the national Our Mexico Beauty in Monterrey , where she won "  The Election of the Queens , " one of five special recognitions , and came in third overall . In October , she won the title "  Hispanoamerican Queen 2008 " in Santa Cruz , Bolivia . Mexican newscasts referred to her Wednesday as "  Miss Pistols " and likened her situation to "  Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs . " According to the Nuestra Belleza Mexico Web site , she is to represent Mexico in next year 's Miss International contest . A statement issued Wednesday by Lupita Jones , director of Our Mexico Beauty , said the organization will wait to see what happens in the legal system . "  In order to determine the situation with Miss Laura Zuniga , Our Mexico Beauty will be watching the case and will take appropriate action once the results of the authorities ' investigation are known , " said the statement , published on the Web site for CNN affiliate Televisa Mexico .	NEW : Mexican newcasts refer to arrested beauty queen as "  Miss Pistols " Mexican police : Laura Zuniga , seven men face arms charges , federal probe Zuniga , men found in vehicles with weapons , $ 50,000 , police say Zuniga set to represent Mexico in next year 's Miss International contest
CNN  -- Efforts to forge lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians apparently suffered more setbacks Wednesday , even as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was in the Middle East trying to help mend relations . Kerry met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem , where the top U.S. diplomat acknowledged both sides of the strife . "  Israel deserves security , deserves to live in peace , " Kerry said . "  The Palestinians deserve a state , deserve to live in peace , and that is what we are working towards . " But Netanyahu said that while Israel wants peace with Palestinians , "  I 'm concerned about their progress because I see the Palestinians continuing with incitements , continuing to create artificial crises , continuing to avoid and run away from the historic decisions that are needed to make a genuine peace . " But Palestinians had their own complaints . A Palestinian source close to the peace talks said there is a "  deep crisis between the Palestinians and the Israeli negotiations team . " The source said the rift involves the ongoing construction of thousands of Israeli settlement units in the West Bank and Jerusalem as well as claims by Israel that Palestinians had agreed for Israel to continue construction in return for Israel freeing Palestinian prisoners . "  These are grave , wrongful and serious accusations by Israel , and Israel should stop its media incitement , " the source said . "  All settlements are illegal in the West Bank and Jerusalem . " $ 75 million from U.S. . After his stop in Jerusalem , Kerry traveled to Bethlehem and announced an additional $ 75 million in aid for the Palestinian Authority 's High Impact Micro-Infrastructure Initiative , the U.S. State Department said . That brings the total U.S. contribution to $ 100 million . Germany has also pledged over $ 10 million to HIMII projects in the West Bank , the State Department said . "  HIMII projects will create jobs and fund infrastructure projects throughout the West Bank including the construction and repair of health clinics , roads , water systems , community centers , and schools , " the department said . "  The United States views the economic track as a vital complement to the ongoing direct final status negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians . " Israel release Palestinian prisoners amid protests Former Israeli official acquitted In yet another development Wednesday , former Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman was acquitted of corruption-related charges . Israel 's Ministry of Justice announced last December that he would be charged with breach of trust and fraud . Liberman announced his resignation the next day . Prosecutors said Liberman pushed to get the Israeli ambassador to Belarus posted to another country after the diplomat allegedly handed over confidential information that included details of a secret police inquiry about Liberman . But Liberman has insisted he has not violated any laws . Since Liberman 's resignation , Netanyahu has been holding his post open for him . "  I congratulate you on your unanimous acquittal and am pleased that you are returning to the government , " Netanyahu told Liberman on Wednesday , according to the foreign minister 's office . But before Liberman can return to the Foreign Ministry , the government has to vote on his nomination . Liberman has faced international criticism for his hard-line stance on Israel 's Arab minorities . His ultra-nationalist party is especially popular with immigrants from the former Soviet Union , where he was born and raised . Iran talks : Do we want a deal or a war ? CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Israel deserves security , and Palestinians deserve a state , John Kerry says Netanyahu says Palestinians have created "  artificial crises " in the efforts to reach peace Palestinians are upset about Israel 's ongoing Jerusalem , West Bank settlement construction U.S. pledges $ 75 million more for Palestinian High Impact Micro-Infrastructure Initiative
CNN  In a sobering example of life imitating art , the chaos sweeping the streets of Baltimore may have been partly inspired by a series of action-horror movies . Baltimore police said rioting at a shopping mall and elsewhere Monday afternoon started amid rumors , spread on social media , of a "  purge " led by large groups of marauding high school students . The term appears to be a reference to 2013 's "  The Purge " and its sequel , last year 's "  The Purge : Anarchy , " about a dystopian future America where on one day each year , all laws are suspended for a 12-hour period and all crimes , including murder , become temporarily legal . In the movies , set in Los Angeles , people barricade themselves in their homes at night while gangs of violent "  purgers " roam the streets . The government markets the sanctioned mayhem as a catharsis that reduces crime on the other 364 days of the year -- when in fact it 's really a means of population control , mostly against people living in poor urban neighborhoods . Both "  Purge " movies were box-office hits and a third installment , "  The Purge : Vengeance , " is planned for 2016 . The Baltimore Sun reported that a flier circulated widely among city school students via social media touted a "  purge " to begin Monday at 3 p.m. at Mondawmin Mall and end downtown . The flier included an image of protesters smashing the windshield of a police car in Baltimore on Saturday , the Sun said . How Baltimore police , protesters battle on Twitter Maryland 's largest city has been on edge since an African-American man , Freddie Gray , died April 19 from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody . Peaceful protests gave way to violence Saturday night and again Monday , as agitators threw bricks at police , looted stores and set fire to cars and buildings . Scattered references to #purge and #ThePurge began appearing in Twitter and Instagram posts Monday about the unrest in Baltimore .	Some of Baltimore 's unrest may have been inspired by the "  Purge " movies Movies are about a dystopian America where all crime is temporarily legal
CNN  -- The price of cassava , a root vegetable that is a staple ingredient in Liberian diets , shot up in August . In the Redlight Markets of Monrovia , the Ebola-stricken country 's capital , Liberians were forced to pay 150 % more for cassava , a basic for flour and bread . It 's a small example , noted by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization , which represents massive economic pain hitting the countries of West Africa . The total cost is now estimated to hit $ 32 billion over the next two years if it spreads to its larger neighbors , according to a World Bank report issued Wednesday . Liberia has suffered most in the epidemic , which has killed more than 3,800 people and delivered an economic shock to some of Africa 's most vulnerable economies . Ebola cases in Liberia and Sierra Leone could rise to between 550,000 and 1.4 million by January if there are no additional interventions , a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report warned . Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea -- the three countries facing the biggest health crisis -- are also facing huge bills to try and contain the virus .	The biggest Ebola outbreak in history is taking its toll in Western Africa Sierra Leone , Liberia and Guinea are among the most vulnerable economies in Africa The epidemic could cost the continent 's economies $ 32 billion over the next two years
CNN  -- Three Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , police officers were shot to death while responding to a 911 call of a domestic argument triggered by a urinating dog , according to a criminal complaint filed in the case . Law enforcement from several jurisdictions respond to a shooting standoff at Pittsburgh home Saturday . The officers were the first department fatalities since 1995 , according to the department . Police said following the shootings Saturday that Richard Poplawski , 22 , would be charged with three counts of homicide , aggravated assault and other charges . Poplawski , who was shot in the leg during a four-hour standoff with police , was hospitalized at an undisclosed location , police said . Details of the incident were included in the police complaint seeking an arrest warrant for Poplawski . The complaint says Margaret Poplawski called 911 about 7 a.m. Saturday to report that her son was "  giving her a hard time . " Watch officers respond at the scene " She told police she awoke to discover that "  the dog had urinated on the floor , " and awakened her son "  to confront him about it . " The two had an argument , and Margaret Poplawski told her son she was calling police to remove him from her home , according to the complaint . When officers Stephen Mayhle and Paul Sciullo III arrived , she opened the door and let them in . "  Mrs. Poplawski reported that as the officers entered approximately 10 feet into the residence , she heard gunshots , turned and saw her son about six feet away with a long rifle in his hands , at which point she fled downstairs after asking him , ` What the hell have you done ? ' " the complaint said . Margaret Poplawski reported she stayed in the basement during the standoff , and heard her son yell , "  Yeah , I 've been shot , " and "  I 'm standing down , come in and help me , " according to the complaint . Police Chief Nathan Harper identified the dead officers as Eric Kelly , Mayhle and Sciullo . Kelly was a 14-year veteran of the department ; the other two had worked there for two years each . Watch prayers for fallen officers " The chief said Sciullo was the first to approach the home , and was shot in the head as he entered the doorway . When Mayhle tried to help his fellow officer , he also was shot in the head . Kelly arrived at the scene and was shot before he could aid the other two officers , Harper said . Harper said the suspect fired from a bedroom window , shooting at an armored vehicle carrying a SWAT team -- preventing those officers and medics from reaching the wounded policemen . Two other officers , Timothy McManaway and Brian Jones , were injured . McManaway was shot in the hand and Jones , who was trying to secure the rear of the house , broke his leg trying to get over a fence , Harper said . Rescue units from other jurisdictions also were met with gunfire , the chief said . McManaway told police he responded to the scene after a report that officers were being fired upon , according to the complaint . As he arrived , he saw that Kelly was "  lying supine " by his personal SUV , as Kelly had just completed his shift and apparently was on his way home when he responded to help the other officers . Kelly raised his arm for help , and McManaway said he ran to Kelly , who was wounded and said he could not breathe . As he was trying to help Kelly , shots rang out from the home , injuring his hand , he said , according to the complaint . McManaway returned fire , and told authorities he pulled Kelly behind the SUV , where the two remained until SWAT officers arrived . Kelly was taken to a local hospital , where he died of his injuries . Margaret Poplawski told police her son had enlisted in the Marine Corps a few years ago , but was discharged for assaulting his drill sergeant in basic training , according to the complaint . Since his discharge , she told police , he had been "  stockpiling guns and ammunition , buying and selling the weapons online , because he believed that as a result of the economic collapse , the police were no longer able to protect society . Mrs. Poplawski reported that her son only liked police when they were not curtailing his constitutional rights , which he was determined to protect , " the complaint said . Autopsies showed that Kelly died of gunshot wounds to the trunk and lower extremities , Sciullo died from gunshot wounds to the head and trunk , and Mayhle was shot in the head , the complaint said . "  We have never had to lose three officers in the line of duty on one call , " Harper , the police chief , said . "  They have paid the ultimate sacrifice . " Authorities believe Poplawski , wearing a bullet-proof vest , aimed more than 100 rounds at police , using an AK-47 , Harper said Saturday . Harper said some neighbors were evacuated during the standoff . Police had responded to calls from the home two or three times previously , Harper said .	The officers were the first department fatalities since 1995 Third officer killed was on his way home after finishing shift Officers were responding to domestic call in Stanton Heights area of Pittsburgh Two more officers were injured in the nearly four-hour standoff that ensued
EW.com  -- "  Hercules 's " muscles were no match for "  Lucy 's " drug-enhanced brain at the box office this weekend . Audiences turned out in earnest to see the Scarlett Johansson thriller , which earned an expectation-shattering $ 44 million from 3,173 theaters in its first weekend . Not only is it director Luc Besson 's biggest opening , "  Lucy " is also a career high for Scarlett Johansson as a lead . Audiences for the original feature were evenly split between genders , 35 percent were under the age of 25 , and 29 percent were Hispanic . But even though the EuropaCorp-produced , Universal-distributed project appealed to a wide demographic swath , those who did see the R-rated action film were a little less kind in the exit polls , slapping "  Lucy " with a poor C + Cinema Score . "  Hercules "  B + Cinema Score  , starring Dwayne Johnson , took the second place spot with an estimated $ 29 million from 3,595 locations in its first weekend in theaters . Audiences were 58 percent male and 36 percent under the age of 25 . The Paramount and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movie cost a reported $ 100 million to produce , so , although this domestic debut is n't ideal , it did still manage to beat the modest analyst expectations . Besides , international is what really matters for the Brett Ratner-directed sword-and-sandals feature , which took in $ 28.7 million from 25 territories and 3,264 locations . It took the No. 1 spot in Russia  $ 12 million  , Australia  $ 3.5 million  , Malaysia  $ 1.6 million  , the Philippines  $ 1.2 million  , and Taiwan  $ 1.2 million  , to name a few . Next weekend it opens in Finland , India , Netherlands , Norway , Portugal , Serbia , and Slovenia . The rest of the top five were holdovers this weekend , which is down 13 percent from last year when "  The Wolverine " opened to $ 53 million . After two weeks at No. 1 , "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " dropped 55 percent and earned an estimated $ 16.4 million in its third weekend in theaters . Meanwhile "  The Purge : Anarchy " fell 67 percent in weekend two with $ 9.9 million across the three-day . Compared to other films , that might seem like a disaster , but it 's expected for horror offerings , which are reliably front-loaded . The first had an even steeper 75.6-percent drop last year . Finally , "  Planes : Fire & Rescue " continues to fly in competition-free skies and took in an estimated $ 9.3 million in its second weekend in theaters . Here 's the top five : 1 . Lucy -- $ 44 million  new 2 . Hercules -- $ 29 million  new 3 . Dawn of the Planet of the Apes -- $ 16.4 million  $ 172.1 million domestic total 4 . The Purge : Anarchy -- $ 9.9 million  $ 51.3 million domestic total 5 . Planes : Fire & Rescue -- $ 9.3 million  $ 35.1 million domestic total Clarius Entertainment 's "  And So It Goes "  B + Cinema Score  , starring Diane Keaton and Michael Douglas failed to break the top five , earning an estimated $ 4.55 million from 1,762 locations . In the specialty box-office world , "  A Most Wanted Man " managed to snag 10th place with an estimated $ 2.72 million , even though it only played on 361 screens . Roadside Attractions released the R-rated , John le Carré adaptation which stars Philip Seymour Hoffman  in one of his last big-screen roles  , Rachel McAdams , and Willem Dafoe . The comedy concert film "  The Fluffy Movie " picked up $ 1.3 million from 432 locations , and Woody Allen 's Emma Stone/Colin Firth vehicle "  Magic in the Moonlight " debuted in 17 locations to $ 426,000 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Lucy " is a career high for Scarlett Johansson as lead "  Hercules " took second place with an estimated $ 29 million This weekend was down 13 percent from last year
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The family of Bryan Stow , the San Francisco Giants fan who was severely beaten at Dodger Stadium , filed a civil lawsuit Tuesday claiming faulty security measures and defective facilities contributed to his attack , court officials said . The lawsuit , filed in Los Angeles Superior Court , names the Los Angeles Dodgers Corporation and its owner , Frank McCourt , as defendants . The suit lists Stow 's parents , Elizabeth Ann Stow and David Edward Stow , as plaintiffs on behalf of his two minor children , Tyler and Tabitha Stow , according to court spokeswoman Elizabeth Diaz . "  It is unfortunate that such a storied and well respected baseball club such as the Los Angeles Dodgers has been made to suffer due to the cutbacks and mismanagement by its owner Frank McCourt and his various corporate entities , " the lawsuit says . The complaint alleges that cutbacks led to a major downsizing of security as a cost-saving measure due to McCourt 's personal family problems and to " fund his lavish lifestyle . " McCourt and his wife , Jamie , are in the middle of a contentious divorce proceeding . His divorce attorney , Steve Susman , declined to comment on the suit . Stow , 42 , was attacked in the stadium parking lot following the first game of the Dodgers ' and Giants ' seasons on March 31 . Stow , a paramedic by training , had gone to the game with friends in celebration of the Giants ' World Series victory last season . The lawsuit alleges that security officers and managers at Dodger Stadium were apprised of a history of aggressive violent behavior and criminal gang activity in some crowds at the stadium , and neglected to provide reasonable safety mechanisms to protect Stow , including the failure to hire a security chief for six weeks prior to opening day . A "  half-off " alcohol promotion for all day games also was cited in the suit as a contributing factor in the disorderly conduct and violent aggressive behavior . According to the suit , prior incidents of violence should have resulted in the hiring and presence of more uniformed police officers instead of security personnel dressed in trousers and polo shirts . The suit cites a parking-lot incident at the stadium on September 19 , 2003 , in which a Giants fan was shot and killed by a reputed Dodgers fan . A then-20-year-old California man was convicted and sentenced to 50 years in prison in that case , according to the Los Angeles County district attorney 's website . In 2009 , a man was attacked on opening day as the Dodgers hosted the Giants , according to the lawsuit . "  The decision not to place uniformed  Los Angeles police  officers created a relaxed , intimidating atmosphere at Dodger Stadium , " the suit says . Before the attack , Stow had texted a family member fearing for his safety inside the stadium as fans repeatedly taunted and yelled profanities at him , according to Stow 's relatives . Several fans threw hot dogs , peanuts and trash at Stow and his companions , the suit alleges . "  Dodgers personnel walked up and down the aisle directly adjacent to where Stow and his friends were seated . Ushers were present and actively viewed aggressive behavior towards Stow , but failed to take any preventative measures , " the suit says . The suit claims that Stow was subjected to harassment , threats and intimidation even as he left the stadium and entered the parking lot area and that security personnel , knowing those dangers , failed to diffuse the escalation of violent behavior or intervene and ensure his safety in a reasonable manner . The suit also claims that security officers allowed Stow 's alleged attackers to follow him out of the stadium and into the parking lot taxi loading zone where the beating occurred . In the lot , two men confronted Stow and -- unprovoked -- began kicking and punching him while yelling profanities about the Giants , police said . The suit also alleges that the security response time was inadequate , in part , because of poor lighting in the lot . It took 10 to 15 minutes after the attack for personnel to reach Stow . "  Dodger Stadium is the third oldest stadium in baseball . Without the implementation of adequate security measures by the Dodgers defendants , along with inadequate lighting fixtures that have been in existence since the opening of Dodgers Stadium in 1962 , Stow was inappropriately exposed to the aggressive acts of third parties , " according to the suit . Citing club policy , a spokesman for the Los Angeles Dodgers declined to comment on the lawsuit . On Sunday , Los Angeles authorities announced the arrest of a man that police described as the "  primary aggressor " in the attack . Police said Giovanni Ramirez , 31 , was jailed on $ 1 million bail , and the investigation was continuing . Police said later that Ramirez is a parolee and documented gang member associated with the Varrio Nuevo Estrada street gang in East Los Angeles . In 1998 , Ramirez was convicted of robbery and possession of a firearm in 2005 , court records show . Stow 's mother , Ann Stow , said recently that her son was first hit from behind , at which point he fell and his head hit the concrete . "  It was just a brutal attack , " she said . "  Whatever that guy hit my son with , Bryan was unconscious before he hit the ground , so he had no way to protect his head . Stow was taken out of a medically induced coma over a week ago , and has since shown signs of some cognitive function , Los Angeles neurosurgeon Dr. Gabriel Zada said . He was transferred last week from Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center to San Francisco General and Trauma Center , bringing him closer to his home , Zada said . Authorities are searching for at least two other suspects in the beating . The attackers fled in a white four door late model Mitsubishi or Acura vehicle with tan interior , police said .	NEW : A lawsuit cites alleged security cutbacks and lapses at Dodger Stadium NEW : Giants fan Bryan Stow was harassed and taunted during the game , the suit says Stow was severely beaten after the game in a parking-lot attack He remains hospitalized after being in a medically induced coma
New York  CNN  -- Trees toppled and streets flooded Sunday morning as Irene lashed some of the biggest cities in the Northeast with wind gusts and torrential rains . Even as Irene weakened to a tropical storm , authorities in the region warned that its impact was not waning . "  We 're not out of the woods yet . Irene remains a large and potentially dangerous storm , " U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told reporters . Officials said the storm had knocked out power to more than 4 million people and was responsible for at least 15 deaths in six states . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said flooding in his state was widespread and advised residents to stay indoors . Streets in downtown Millburn , New Jersey , saw major flooding when the Rahway River overflowed early Sunday morning , said Lt. Peter Eakley , the town 's deputy emergency management coordinator . "  It 's crazy . ... The water is moving between buildings , up , down , all sorts of different directions , " Rich Graessle told CNN 's iReport . In New York City 's lower Manhattan , the Hudson River overflowed , sending massive amounts of water spilling over jogging paths and pouring into at least one nearby apartment building . Water also lapped over the banks of the city 's East River early Sunday , but later receded . CNN affiliate WCBS reported serious flooding in Brooklyn . Irene left streets looking barren and desolate in "  the city that never sleeps . " Shelves upon empty shelves greeted shoppers at stores . Caution tape barricaded the turnstiles at subway stops . But the flooding 's greatest impact may be far from view , former Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff told CNN . "  The challenge of New York is that so much of the electricity and other infrastructure is below the surface , " he said . That means flooding could bring life in the city to a standstill even after waters recede , he said . The threat of flooding extended beyond New York City . Outside Philadelphia , waters had already climbed to street-sign levels in Darby , Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter said , sending "  couches , furniture , all kinds of stuff floating down the street . " Waves pounded the shoreline in Long Beach , New York , as water poured underneath the boardwalk and into the city 's downtown area . By 11 a.m. ET Sunday , Tropical Storm Irene had maximum sustained winds of 60 mph , according to the National Hurricane Center . The storm was moving inland over southeastern New York state and heading northeast toward New England . Even as winds decreased , the hurricane center warned that an "  extremely dangerous storm surge " was expected in Connecticut , Rhode Island , Massachusetts and parts of Long Island , New York . The storm slammed into Little Egg Inlet , New Jersey , as a Category 1 hurricane around 5:30 a.m. , the hurricane center said , hitting cities along the coast as it hurtled toward New York City . While most New Yorkers stayed holed up in their apartments , officials and residents in states further south began taking stock of the damage Irene left behind . Authorities in Ocean City , Maryland , reopened the evacuated city . "  It was a long night last night , but I can tell you , we dodged a missile here at Ocean City , " Mayor Rick Meehan told reporters . While Irene dumped 12 inches of rain by early Sunday morning , there was no major flooding . The maximum storm surge coincided with low tide , preventing the flooding that had been feared . Timing "  made a significant difference , " Meehan said . But flooding remained a concern in many areas , said Craig Fugate , head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency . "  Assessments are still coming in , " Fugate said Sunday morning , noting that Virginia reported particularly high rainfalls . Powerful gusts were so strong in some states that pedestrians struggled to stay upright . Storm surges along the East Coast turned at least one beach into an extension of the ocean . Two buildings collapsed in Philadelphia , Nutter told reporters , but no one was injured . A nuclear power reactor in Calvert Cliffs , Maryland , automatically went offline late Saturday after a piece of aluminum siding from a building struck a transformer amid strong winds . "  The facility is safe ; there is no impact to employees or our neighbors , " said Mark Sullivan , spokesman for the Constellation Energy Nuclear Group . "  There is no threat . " Officials have blamed at least 15 deaths across the affected region on Irene -- one each in Connecticut , Maryland and Florida , two in New Jersey , six in North Carolina and four in Virginia . A 55-year-old male surfer died around noon in New Smyrna Beach , Florida , and a woman in Queenstown , Maryland , died after a tree knocked a chimney through the roof of her home , officials said . Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy said downed wires appear to be to blame for one fatality in his state . Irene first made landfall in the United States Saturday in North Carolina near Cape Lookout at the southern end of the Outer Banks . It stomped across the state for most of the day . The storm ripped off roofs , toppled trees , induced "  massive flooding " near the coast and brought down power lines statewide , according to the state emergency management division . The hurricane unleashed 10 to 14 inches of rain over much of North Carolina and pushed a 4-foot storm surge into the Chesapeake Bay , the National Hurricane Center said . As of midnight Saturday , Kill Devil Hills , North Carolina , had endured 31 hours of nonstop rainfall . Reports of tornadoes came from several states , including North Carolina and Virginia -- but a final determination will have to be made by the National Weather Service . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Rob Marciano , Ali Velshi , Soledad O'Brien , Rose Arce , Jeanne Meserve , Chris Boyette , David Mattingly , Susan Candiotti , Chris Lawrence , Jason Carroll , John Zarrella , Kimberly Segal , Sarah Hoye , Poppy Harlow , Holly Yan , Kristina Sgueglia , Eden Pontz , Gregory Clary and Elizabeth Cherneff contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities say at least 15 have died in six states due to the storm Tropical Storm Irene is heading northeast toward New England with 60 mph winds "  Do not leave your homes ... It is still not safe , " New Jersey 's governor says Chertoff : Flooding in New York City threatens electrical infrastructure
CNN  -- A bus carrying Albanian university students plunged hundreds of feet into a ravine Monday , killing at least 12 people according to police . Rescuers were working Monday to free students who may be trapped inside the bus , located at the bottom of a deep ravine near the city of Himara , about 136 km  86 miles  south of the capital of Tirana . 19 killed in bus accident in Peru According to police , the driver of the private bus carrying about 49 female students from Aleksander Xhuvani University of Elbasan tried to stop the bus for some reason but failed . The vehicle left the road and fell 150 meters  492 feet  into ravine below . In addition to the dead , about two dozen students were badly injured , according to police . Journalist Auron Tare contributed to this report .	Bus carrying university students plummets into ravine in Albania , killing 12 At least 25 other students were badly injured Rescue efforts were continuing Monday , according to police
CNN  -- Manchester United have accepted a world-record $ 130 million offer for Cristiano Ronaldo from Real Madrid . Ronaldo is set to smash the world record transfer fee if he agrees to move to Real Madrid . The English champions have given the big-spending Spanish giants permission to talk to the World Player of the Year , according to the official United Web site . United said on Thursday that the Portugal winger had again expressed his desire to leave Old Trafford , and the club now expect the deal to be concluded by June 30 . Madrid confirmed on the club 's Web site that it hoped to seal an agreement with Ronaldo "  in the coming days . " Real , who have fallen behind bitter rivals Barcelona , have swooped to follow up the $ 92 million signing of Brazil star Kaka from AC Milan earlier this week . What 's your view ? Tell us what you think about Ronaldo joining Real . Real also held the previous record when they paid $ 77 million  now worth $ 108 million  for Zinedine Zidane in 2001 . The club 's president Florentino Perez said after the Kaka deal was concluded that he would do "  everything possible " to sign the 24-year-old Ronaldo , as he sought to build a new empire that would match his first stint at the Bernabeu . The 20 most wanted players in the world . United held off Real 's advances last summer , with manager Alex Ferguson traveling to the Portugal camp during the Euro 2008 finals to hold crisis talks with Ronaldo . The player committed himself to another season in Manchester , but was affected by injuries early on and -- despite a sizzling end to the campaign -- was unable to help United retain the UEFA Champions League title , losing to Barcelona in last month 's final . Perez is seeking to rebuild a team which finished second in the Primera Liga last season , nine points behind Barcelona , and again failed to progress past the first knockout stage of Europe 's premier club competition . He failed in his first bid for the presidency in 1995 , but won the 2000 elections on a promise to sign Luis Figo from Barca . Perez duly brought in the Portuguese forward and followed it up with a series of budget-busting transfers , including that of Zidane and David Beckham , as he created a team dubbed the "  Galacticos . " United have been linked with moves to sign Bayern Munich 's France star Franck Ribery and Wigan 's Ecuador winger Antonio Valencia as Ferguson seeks to replace Ronaldo . Check out the latest transfer rumors and gossip . Perez has also expressed an interest in bringing Ribery to Spain from Germany . Ronaldo moved to Old Trafford in August 2003 in a $ 20 million transfer from Sporting Lisbon just days after scoring against United in a pre-season friendly . He made his first senior outing for the national side that November and helped Manchester United win the FA Cup in May before suffering heartache as Portugal lost to underdogs Greece in the final of Euro 2004 on home soil . In November 2005 , he agreed a two-year extension to his contract until 2010 . He was vilified in England in the summer of 2006 after his antics helped get United clubmate Wayne Rooney sent off as Portugal progressed to the semi-finals of the World Cup in Germany . After the tournament , Ronaldo revealed that he would like to leave United , but at the end of the 2006-07 season the forward agreed a new five-year contract . Watch CNN on why Ronaldo moved " The next campaign he beat George Best 's 40-year-old club record for goals scored by a winger in a single season , with 33 in the Premier League and 42 overall . Ronaldo suffered an ankle injury as Portugal lost 3-2 to Germany in the quarter-finals of Euro 2008 , and told Portuguese newspaper Publico he would remain with United "  for at least another year " . In December he was named Europe 's top player , then the next month he escaped uninjured after writing off his Ferrari sports car when crashing into a roadside barrier under a tunnel near Manchester Airport on his way to training . Read about it here . Ronaldo was named FIFA World Player of the Year on January 12 and went on to held United retain the Premier League title , but the club failed to become the first to retain the Champions League since its inception in 1992 .	Real Madrid given permission to talk with Cristiano Ronaldo after record offer Spanish club offer a world-record $ 130 million for Manchester United winger The World Player of the Year is expected to conclude his transfer by June 30 Real have been seeking to sign the Portugal international for the last two years
CNN  -- This week 's death of Prince Charles ' brother-in-law , who passed away in New York City after injuring his head in a fall , was accidental , the city medical examiner 's office said Thursday . Mark Shand , brother of Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , died from "  blunt impact head trauma with a skull fracture and subdural hematoma , " according to Julie Bolcer , spokeswoman for the medical examiner . A subdural hematoma is a traumatic injury in which blood pools between two protective layers of the brain . Prince Charles ' official residence , Britain 's Clarence House , said Wednesday that Shand , 62 , died in a New York hospital after injuring his head in a fall on Tuesday night . "  The Duchess , The Prince of Wales and all her family members are utterly devastated by this sudden and tragic loss , " the Clarence House statement read . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge issued a statement that said the couple was saddened by the death . "  Their thoughts are with The Duchess of Cornwall and her family at this time , " the statement said . The Elephant Family , a conservation group based in England , mourned the loss of its chairman and the "  head of our family . " "  Mark Shand was a true force for conservation . He was both a legend and inspiration and above all our great friend , " the organization said in a statement on its website . CNN profiled the charity , which was working to improve conditions for Asian elephants , in 2007 . Shand said he was trying to show owners and riders more humane ways to treat the animals . "  You ca n't stop a tradition that 's been going on for years , you can only help it , " he said . His group also fought against poachers and the destruction of the elephants ' habitats . Shand also was the author of several books about elephants and his travels in Asia . One of those books , "  Queen of Elephants , " was the source for a BBC documentary . People we lost in 2014 CNN 's Yon Pomrenze , Shimon Prokupecz and Elizabeth Landers contributed to this story .	Medical examiner cites "  skull fracture and subdural hematoma " in Mark Shand 's death Shand , brother of Prince Charles ' wife , died Wedneday after falling and injuring his head Shand was the chairman of a foundation that tried to save Asian elephants
Bogota , Colombia  CNN  -- Jorge Elias Benjumea proudly inspects his plantain field . The 46-year-old father of three says he 's not only happy his crops are doing well , but also , for the first time in years , he can tell the world that what he 's growing is legal . Benjumea , a resident of the Colombian province of Meta ; used to grow coca , the plant from which cocaine is produced . "  Everything is different now , more peaceful . I go to bed at night with no worries , " Benjumea says . He used to make $ 2,800 a month growing coca . Now he makes about $ 840 with plantains . On the flip side , he does n't have to deal with guerrillas or drug traffickers anymore . The Colombian government has greatly increased its military presence in the area , improving security and giving farmers an alternative to growing coca . Bolivia hopes for buzz with coca campaign Benjumea says his peace of mind and the safety of his family are priceless . "  Coca is a plant that can make you a lot of money , but also gives you a lot of headaches , " he says . He 's part of a new wave of Colombian farmers growing alternative crops in a region called La Macarena . This region was known for decades as a stronghold of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , the guerrilla group commonly called FARC . La Macarena used to be not only a recruiting and training hub for guerrillas , but also a major coca production center and a key transit route for illegal armed groups . In a community called Albania , farmers grow and process sugar cane . Not far from there , in El Pinalito , also in the province of Meta , another group is venturing into fish farming . Last year they sold 1.5 metric tons of a fish known regionally as cachama . The United States has provided more than $ 7 billion in the past 10 years to help Colombia fight drug trafficking . Most of the money has been used to help Colombia strengthen its military with equipment , training and intelligence . But another portion , recently rising , has been used to provide assistance to farmers interested in developing alternative crops like cacao  from which chocolate is made  , plantains , yucca and papaya . Colombian National Security Adviser Sergio Jaramillo said government partnerships with the farmers in Meta have been very successful , but he emphasized that none of this would have been possible without a military presence to improve security . "  You need to stabilize those drug-producing areas . That 's what we 're doing here , and there 's no better investment for prosperity in a country like Colombia than supporting the integrated approach of security and social development , " Jaramillo said . During a three-day visit to Colombia , U.S. Drug Czar Gil Kerlikowske visited several communities that are developing alternative crops and met with President Juan Manuel Santos , a key U.S. ally in Latin America . "  We have to continue to be supportive of Colombia in a whole host of ways ,  and  none of this was possible without safety and security first , " Kerlikowske said . According to U.S. government figures , cocaine production in the South American country fell from 700 metric tons in 2001 to 270 in 2009 , a 61 percent decrease . Going into alternative crops has n't been easy for local farmers . At the fish farm in El Pinalito , the locals say at the beginning they only saw "  failures . " But after getting specialized training and equipment from the government , production began to increase considerably . At the sugar cane processing plant in the Albania community , farmers say they received financial support to buy machinery , which "  made all the difference . "	Some Colombian farmers take huge drop in income for more safety , peace National security adviser : "  You need to stabilize those drug-producing areas " U.S. estimates : Cocaine production in Colombia fell 61 % between 2001 and 2009 Government helped alternative enterprises start up
CNN  -- A double from Klass-Jan Huntelaar saw AC Milan warm up for next week 's Champions League clash with Manchester United by defeating Udinese 3-2 at the San Siro , a result that moves them up to second place in the Serie A table . The home side took a seventh minute lead when Dutch international Huntelaar powered home a near post header from Ronaldinho 's superb cross . And in-form Ronaldinho , who has been surprisingly left out of Brazil 's squad for next month 's friendly international against the Republic of Ireland , also set up Alexandre Pato to tap in a second goal six minutes before half time . However , the visitors pulled a goal back on the stroke of half time when Antonio Floro Flores headed home Antonio Di Natale 's cross . But man-of-the-match Ronaldinho helped restore Milan 's two-goal advantage in the 57th minute when his free-kick was flicked on by Massimo Ambrosini , for Huntelaar to score from close range . Di Natale made the last four minutes interesting when firing past goalkeeper Dida , after beating the Milan offside trap , but the home side held on to go above Roma in the table -- eight points behind city rivals Inter . Meanwhile , in the Friday evening German Bundesliga match , Borussia Moenchengladbach beat Nuremberg 2-1 to move up to 11th place in the table .	Klass-Jan Huntelaar scored twice as AC Milan beat Udinese 3-2 on Friday The result lifts Milan up to second place in the table , eight points behind leaders Inter Borussia Moenchengladbach beat Nuremberg 2-1 to move up to 11th in Bundesliga
Washington  CNN  -- A majority of Americans think the federal government poses a threat to the rights of Americans , according to a new national poll . Fifty-six percent of people questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Friday say they think the federal government has become so large and powerful that it poses an immediate threat to the rights and freedoms of ordinary citizens . Forty-four percent of those polled disagree . The survey indicates a partisan divide on the question : Only 37 percent of Democrats , 63 percent of independents and nearly seven in 10 Republicans say the federal government poses a threat to the rights of Americans . According to CNN poll numbers released Sunday , Americans overwhelmingly think that the U.S. government is broken , though the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted February 12-15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey .	Poll : 56 percent think federal government is a threat to freedoms of ordinary citizens Survey indicates partisan divide on the issue Americans overwhelmingly think U.S. government is broken , survey says
CNN  -- Lying low . Three of the key anti-war members of Congress are considering supporting expanded military action against ISIS -- but the key word there is "  considering . " Rep. Barbara Lee said she "  ca n't say " if she 'd oppose expanded military operations . The California Democrat was the only member of Congress to vote against giving President George W. Bush -- and subsequent presidents that would follow him -- nearly unlimited authority to wage war just days after the September 11 terror attacks . This time around , she said there 's "  no question " that ISIS needs to be stopped , but she 's waiting to hear President Barack Obama 's plan , which he 's expected to unveil in an address Wednesday night . Analysis : Obama speech a do-over ` no strategy ' comment To get her support , Obama has to outline a plan that is "  strategic , targeted and limited , " Lee told CNN . Republican Walter Jones of North Carolina , who said he will go to his grave apologizing for his vote for war in 2002 , could n't commit his support -- or opposition -- to an expanded military operation either . "  I 've always regretted that vote , " he told CNN of his vote that authorized U.S. intervention in Iraq . "  I think here we go again . " Jones said it "  depends " on what the President says . "  I 'm opposed to spending money without a debate and a strategy . " Rounding out the vocal antiwar trio , Massachusetts Democrat James McGovern , said he 's "  very uneasy " about the prospect of expanded war but stopped short of opposing it . He said he has "  a million questions " about potential action in Syria , the role of regional partners and the cost to U.S. coffers . "  I 'm going to need more than a presidential speech and more than one briefing ... to make sure we know what we 're doing , " McGovern said . One thing these doves are insistent on , however , is that Congress be held accountable to their constituents and debate and vote on any proposal . They wrote a letter to House Speaker John Boehner in late August outlining such demands . Despite a resolution passed in July by 370 members -- 180 Republicans and 190 Democrats -- that says the President "  shall not deploy or maintain ... a sustained combat role in Iraq without specific statutory authorization , " Congressional leaders have not yet determined if they will force Congressional authorization -- less than two months before the midterm elections . ` Broad coalition ' of nations will help fight ISIS , John Kerry says in Iraq	Two anti-war members of Congress consider supporting expanded military action Rep. Barbara Lee said she is waiting to hear the President 's plan against ISIS Rep. Walter Jones said his support "  depends " on what the President says A third member says he 's "  very uneasy " about the prospect of an expanding war
CNN  -- Britney Spears , Paris Hilton ... Sen. Barack Obama ? The latest ad from John McCain implies Barack Obama is a megacelebrity -- like Britney Spears . A new campaign ad from Sen. John McCain -- which flashes shots of the two aforementioned megacelebrities -- calls Obama a megacelebrity , too , and questions his leadership ability . "  He 's the biggest celebrity in the world . But is he ready to lead ? With gas prices soaring , Barack Obama says no to offshore drilling and says he 'll raise taxes on electricity . Higher taxes , more foreign oil -- that 's the real Obama , " the ad 's narrator says while crowds screaming , "  Obama ! " are shown . Responding to the ad , Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor said , "  On a day when major news organizations across the country are taking Sen. McCain to task for a steady stream of false , negative attacks , his campaign has launched yet another . Or , as some might say , ` Oops ! He did it again . ' " The ad is the latest in a string of hard-hitting television commercials from the McCain campaign . Earlier spots suggest Obama is playing politics with the Iraq war , is against funding American troops and bears some of the responsibility for high gas prices . The campaign says the ad will run in 11 battleground states : Colorado , Iowa , Michigan , Missouri , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Mexico , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Wisconsin . Watch the ad " In a conference call with reporters announcing the ad , McCain adviser Rick Davis said of Obama 's campaign coverage : "  The focus on media , on events and activities , is much more something you 'd expect from someone releasing a new movie . " "  What we decided to do was find the top three international celebrities in the world , " he said . "  And I would say that from our estimation , Britney and Paris came in second and third . So from our perspective , we have the biggest three celebrities in the world . " Davis also brushed aside suggestions the ad will be viewed by the American public as going negative . "  Will people think of this as negative advertising ? Look , it 's the most entertaining thing I 've seen on TV in a while . I would n't anticipate anything about this being negative , " he said . Steve Schmidt , another top McCain adviser , also said it was accurate to compare Obama to the two celebrities who , as one reporter said on the call , are often portrayed as "  frivolous and irresponsible . " "  I do n't poll Paris Hilton and Britney Spears , but I know they 're international celebrities , so apples to apples , " he said . A McCain adviser also told CNN 's Dana Bash the ad targets Obama 's "  outrageous , narcissistic statements . " "  It has not gone unnoticed by this campaign that Obama makes outrageous , narcissistic statements suggesting that his candidacy is what the world has been waiting for . Excuse me ? " the adviser said . "  What 's going to happen when he parts the sea ? What about all the fish in the middle ? " the adviser said . While Obama was overseas last week on his tour through the Middle East and Europe , the McCain campaign sarcastically addressed the Illinois senator 's media coverage . In an e-mail to supporters last week , the McCain campaign said , "  It 's pretty obvious that the media has a bizarre fascination with Barack Obama . Some may even say it 's a love affair . " The campaign compiled clips of reporters praising Obama and made two videos set to music -- one with "  Ca n't Take My Eyes Off of You " and the other to "  My Eyes Adored You . " The campaign also gave reporters covering McCain in Pennsylvania a fake European press pass . The pass featured a shot of the Statue of Liberty in front of an American flag , and the words : "  McCain Press Corps/JV Squad/Left Behind To Report in America . " The back had a picture of a man sporting a beret and a neck scarf , standing in front of a silhouette of the Eiffel Tower and pouring a glass of wine .	New ad from John McCain calls Barack Obama "  biggest celebrity in the world " Ad shows images of Britney Spears , Paris Hilton Obama campaign on McCain launching negative ad : "  Oops ! He did it again " McCain campaign says reporters cover Obama as they would a megacelebrity
Kathleen Sebelius -- who weathered heavy criticism over the flaw-filled launch of the Obamacare website , then saw the program through as it topped a major milestone -- is resigning as secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services , a White House official said Thursday . President Barack Obama intends to nominate Sylvia Mathews Burwell , current director of the Office of Management and Budget , to replace Sebelius , according to the official . A former Kansas governor and , before that , state insurance commissioner , Sebelius was sworn in as HHS secretary in April 2009 . Her time as head of the federal health agency coincided with the passage and implementation of the Affordable Care Act , the bill often referred to as Obamacare . Sebelius came under fire last fall for the rocky rollout of HealthCare.gov , the website central to the new law 's implementation . That included being subject of a "  Saturday Night Live " parody and talk show one-liners panning her . Republicans in Congress were especially critical of what they saw as her lack of leadership shepherding through what they saw as an ill-conceived , ill-advised law . Wyoming Sen. John Barrasso went so far as to characterize her last October as the "  laughingstock of America . " But Sebelius , 65 , held on to her job , insisting America should n't abandon the legislation and all that it hopes to achieve . In an interview with CNN 's Sanjay Gupta , she admitted that Obama did n't know of the website 's many technical problems until "  the first couple of days " after it went live October 1 . "  There are people in this country who have waited for decades for affordable health coverage for themselves and their families , " Sebelius said , explaining why the website 's launch was n't pushed back despite anticipated problems . " ... So waiting is not really an option . " The website 's performance did improve significantly , prompting the calls for her job to die down as well . Earlier this month , in a letter to department employees , Sebelius reflected on Obamacare enrollment exceeding its target of 7 million as evidence of "  the progress we 've made , together , " while stating "  our work is far from over . " "  I know that this law has been at the center of much debate and discourse in Washington , but what this enrollment demonstrates is that the Affordable Care Act is working and much needed , " she said in the note . Obamacare hits 7.5 million sign-ups , Sebelius says According to senior Obama administration officials , Sebelius told the President in early March that she thought the enrollment period would end well and , after that , she planned to step down . Even granted the initial uproar over the website , her decision to resign was on her own accord , the officials said . One White House official praised her overseeing "  one of the most consequential initiatives of this administration " as well as her efforts to "  improve children 's health , expand mental health care , reduce racial and ethnic disparities , bring us closer to the first AIDS-free generation and promote women 's health . " "  The President is deeply grateful for her service , " the official said . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , a Virginia Republican , thanked Sebelius for her five years in the federal government -- while taking at a swipe at the legislation she is most closely associated with . "  She had an impossible task : nobody can make Obamacare work , " Cantor tweeted . Other Republicans were n't that gracious . Rep. Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee said Sebelius ' departure "  has been a long time coming after a litany of failures and total mismanagement . " Not surprisingly , given the sharp partisan divide that defines the Obamacare debate , Democrats came to her support . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi commended the outgoing health secretary for her dedication "  to a single purpose : to make health care a right , not a privilege , for all Americans . " "  When all is said and done , " tweeted ex-Obama senior adviser David Axelrod , "  Sebelius has lots to be proud of , including the surprisingly strong finish on exchange signups after rocky start . " Sebelius is expected to be by the President 's side at 11 a.m. Friday when he announces Burwell 's nomination , according to a White House official . Burwell , 48 , was confirmed to her current Cabinet-rank position in April 2013 . She came to the White House from her spot atop the Walmart Foundation -- the giant retail chain 's charitable organization which , according to its website , donated nearly $ 1 billion to causes worldwide in 2011 . Prior to that , Burwell worked for the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and in President Bill Clinton 's administration under then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin . States work with Obamacare to help undocumented immigrants	A GOP lawmaker says Sebelius ' departure was "  a long time coming " ; Pelosi praises her Sebelius was criticized for Obamacare site 's rocky rollout , then cheered its enrollment Officials : She told the President in early March that she 'd resign ; it was her decision Obama plans to nominate OMB director Sylvia Burwell to replace Sebelius , official says
CNN  -- Viking raiders once landed on British soil to change the face of the nation -- and 1200 years later a group of muscly Minnesota Vikings gained further ground in the NFL 's sporting invasion of the British Isles . The victorious Vikings landed another blow for American football Sunday as the team staged an exciting 34-27 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers in London . The team 's 28-year-old star running back Adrian Peterson and Greg Jennings scored two touchdowns apiece . It was an important first win of the season for the Vikings but the entertaining game could have even greater significance for the NFL 's hopes of establishing a European franchise . A regular season game was first played in London in 2007 but , for the first time this season , two games were scheduled on the opposite side of the Atlantic . Next month the Jackonsonville Jaguars face the San Francisco 49ers . Both NFL games at Wembley Stadium sold out within hours . Organizers of the NFL 's London foray stirred the fever further Saturday as they held a block party for an estimated half a million fans on the streets of central London Tailgate yearning "  It is a sign that the game is growing globally , " NFL commissioner Roger Goodell told NFLUK.com earlier this year . "  I think the message is clear . There are passionate fans who love the NFL in the UK . " There were also plenty of domestic fans who were happy to travel to London to support their teams . "  I love it , " Richard from Pittsburgh , who now lives in Hollywood , told CNN . "  It 's a really good idea . "  It gets the Steelers brand out there internationally as a big team . " Dan from New York added : "  I love the pub atmosphere in London . Although American culture is the tailgate , which I 'm not seeing here ! " Perhaps not every facet of the American football experience can so easily translate to British shores where soccer , rugby and cricket hold sway as the most popular spectator sports . But that is not deterring the NFL from pressing on with its mission to gain new ground in Europe . American football is just that , an American sport , but if the sport can successfully "  go global " that presents the NFL with new markets and new business opportunities . Profit not a priority "  This is an investment and we are trying to grow something , " Alistair Kirkwood , managing director of NFL UK , told CNN . "  We are not concerned about profit yet . "  But for the last two years our games have broken merchandise records for Wembley for all events -- and that includes pop concerts . " Developing the NFL in London , or any European franchise for that matter , does not come without its problems . "  There are multiple challenges , " USA Today 's NFL writer Tom Pelissero , who was at the game in London , explained to CNN . "  Travel would scare off a lot of potential free agents , it could be hard for a team to be competitive just because of that . "  The tax -LSB- in the UK -RSB- is another issue , 45 % is the top tax bracket . That is something that , again , could scare off players from coming over . "  It also comes down to the fan base being large enough . You can fill Wembley with 80,000 people once , twice this year , but can you do that for 10 games a year ? I think that 's the one of the many unknowns . "  If you put a team in London , I do n't think it would be difficult to make a profit . "  But what do you do when -LSB- they -RSB- have to play 10 games in the United States ? How do you get them to travel ? Do any of the visiting fans travel at all ? That 's an entirely different sort of issue . " Troublesome travels Steve , who made the journey from London to New York , was also skeptical about the reality that NFL could become a regular fixture in London . "  The time zones and travel present a serious issue , " he told CNN . "  To have a global sport that 's weekly is troublesome . If you break it up into something that is less frequent than weekly and that allows for serious travel then it makes sense . " -LSB- A London franchise -RSB- is a great idea , the NFL would make a ton of money out of it . I just have n't figured out how it could work ! " The man in charge of the game , Commissioner Goodell , is also juggling the numbers to work out how to develop the game away from north American shores . "  What is the next step ? Do we move to three games , are there other ways to grow the game in the UK ? " he said . "  This is a market where we need to be more active and to grow our game . " For now , Peterson -- who had never been outside the U.S. before his trip to London -- and his fellow Viking raiders can feel satisfied with winning the game , as well as perhaps inching the NFL a little closer to a permanent place on sport 's European map .	The NFL returned to London for first of two games at Wembley Stadium this season Minnesota Vikings defeated Pittsburgh Steelers 34-27 in thrilling game NFL organizers want to continue to invest in European games But fans and experts alike warn there are many logistical problems still to be resolved
CNN  A mammoth fire broke out Friday morning in a Kentucky industrial park , sending plumes of thick smoke over the area as authorities worked to contain the damage . The blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville , according to Mike Weimer from the city 's emergency management agency . He said that there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped . Video showed both smoke and bright orange flames . Firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings , spraying water from the periphery . Weimer told CNN that authorities did n't know what had caused the fire , which had gone to at least four alarms . According to a GE website , its facility in the Louisville Appliance Park is "  revitalizing manufacturing in the United States . " The park is large , such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses in the facility .	Fire breaks out at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville , Kentucky City official : No is believed to be injured or trapped
Seattle  CNN  -- While snow and ice continued to fall in parts of the northwest , others in the region struggled with the aftermath of the same winter storm -- including floods , slick roads , power outages and avalanche warnings . The system itself remained a threat , with winter storm warnings from the National Weather Service in effect Thursday night for parts of eight states -- Washington , Oregon , California , Nevada , Utah , Wyoming , Idaho and Montana . Yet fresh precipitation was just one of many continuing concerns . Chief among them was flooding , particularly in western Oregon and southwest Washington . Oregon 's capital city , Salem , which is situated along the Willamette River , issued an emergency declaration Thursday afternoon . By then , at least 35 roadways had flooded and the Red Cross had set up a shelter amid fears that the situation will worsen . "  Water levels are projected to continue to rise , " the city said in a statement , noting that the Willamette River is projected to crest in the city at 30 feet around 4 p.m. on January 20 . Flooding is also a concern elsewhere along that river , including in Harrisburg , Corvallis , Albany and Oregon City . The city of Turner was evacuating about 50 families , including 30 to 40 elderly people , said Beth Myers-Shenai , spokeswoman for the Marion County Emergency Coordination Center . A shelter was also being set up as a precaution in the nearby town of Aumsville , she said . Floods contributed to a car accident in Albany on Wednesday night , said Wanda Omdahl , a spokeswoman for the Albany Fire Department . One car full of people drove into deep water and was swept into a canal . An adult and child were rescued , and a child 's body was recovered , CNN affiliate KPTV reported . Fire officials still have n't said how many people are missing . Zach Williams told the station that he and a friend saw the driver steer into a swollen creek , perhaps thinking it was a road . "  I did what I thought I could . I tried to open the doors . The doors were obviously locked . When he broke the window , I assumed the child in the back was old enough to get out through the window , " Williams said . "  Apparently , it was just an infant . " People in some mountainous areas were told to be on guard for avalanches . The National Weather Service noted that "  heavy new snow " falling on top of a "  weak snowpack " heightened the threat in sections of Washington , Montana , Idaho , Utah and Wyoming . In more populated sections around Washington state , many restaurants closed , hotels full and roads cluttered by fallen trees Thursday . Around Sammamish , south of Redmond , dozens of cars were parked on steep hillsides -- evidently stranded there by drivers . And CNN affiliate KOMO showed images of overturned vehicles and carports and awnings that collapsed under the weight of the snow . Even after the worst of the snow and ice had passed , electricity outages remained a major headache . Approximately 230,000 Puget Sound Energy customers were without power as of 4 p.m. Thursday , the utility said on its Twitter feed . The company said it had over 750 workers on the job , adding that "  an additional 140 power line crews from other parts of the country will be assisting  with  repairs and restoration work . " "  We ca n't make full estimate of how long the restoration effort will take until the ice and snow storm -- and the damage it 's causing -- ends and our crews can make a comprehensive assessment of the damage , " the utility wrote . "  But right now , we think it will be 3 to 4 days ... maybe longer . " Around Seattle , city spokesman Bryan Stevens said that about 2,200 households did n't have power late Thursday afternoon . But he said he expects all those to have electricity again by midnight . Pacific Power reported only minimal outages in Washington , California and Oregon , including about 600 around Hood River , Oregon , who were expected to have their lights on again by midnight . Roads remained perilous in large parts of Washington late Thursday , though the situation had improved markedly since earlier in the day . The Washington State Department of Transportation noted , on its website , that disabled vehicles and collisions had caused back-ups on many major highways including I-5 , I-90 and I-405 . "  Collisions and tree limbs are piling up on state highways , " the Washington State Department of Transportation reported at midday Thursday on its website . CNN iReporter Lauren Miles said the Capitol Hill area of Seattle , where she lives , received more than 4 inches of snow . "  The streets are not very drivable , " she said Thursday . "  Most businesses are closed again today . Most hills near me have turned into places to sled instead of drive . " The storm also stranded scores of air travelers Thursday at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport , which got 6.8 inches of snow on Wednesday , shattering a 1954 record of 2.9 inches , officials said . By late Thursday afternoon , all three of the airport 's runways were open -- after two of them had been closer earlier -- spokesman Perry Cooper said . But he noted that some flights then were still being canceled , because ice was being removed from 70 to 80 planes that had been parked overnight Wednesday at the airport . Even though the state had n't received requests for assistance "  so far , " Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire proclaimed a state of emergency Thursday "  purely  as  a precautionary measure . " The step would allow for the activation of National Guard troops and give state agencies more options to help cities and towns . "  I want to make sure we have every resource available to ensure our communities are safe , " Gregoire said in a statement . The governor took action to ensure the delivery of dairy products with "  a brief waiver of the restrictions on truck drivers ' work hours . " The measure "  is needed now to avoid shipment delays that could mean the loss of nearly $ 1 million a day for the state 's dairy industry , " Gregoire said . CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt , Thelma Gutierrez , Shawn Nottingham , Brad Lendon , Sean Morris and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	NEW : Flooding is a concern along the Willamette River in Oregon NEW : Puget Sound Energy says 230,000 were without power Avalanche warnings are in effect in Washington , Montana , Idaho , Utah and Wyoming Winter storm warnings are in effect for portions of eight northwestern states
CNN  -- Imagine you 're about to travel to a foreign land . You 've heard it can be a mighty dangerous place , but you have to go there -- you have no choice . You do n't know exactly where the threats lurk , and you do n't speak the language . Would n't it be nice to have a guide ? Nurse Susan Gonzalez stopped a hospital nurse from giving her father a drug to which he is allergic . In many ways , a hospital is like that foreign land , and the guides that know the terrain are the nurses . As many as 98,000 people die in U.S. hospitals each year as a result of medical errors , according to an Institute of Medicine report . Some 99,000 people die each year from infections acquired in the hospital , according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Vigilance is key , says Cindy Sellers O'Brien , president of the mid-Maryland chapter of the Emergency Nurses Association . "  The patients that do better are the ones that take an active role in their health care . They have the better outcomes -LSB- because -RSB- they take more ownership . " The American Hospital Association agrees that patients play a crucial role . "  While we are striving for perfection in the way we deliver care , we know we fall short of that mark -- but patients can help us get better , " says Nancy Foster , AHA 's vice president for quality and patient safety policy . "  They can -- and should -- ask questions when something does not seem quite right . " The consequences of medical errors are especially devastating for children , according to the Joint Commission , which accredits hospitals nationwide . This week the commission released tips for keeping your child safe in the hospital , noting that according to its figures , one in 15 hospitalized children is harmed by medication errors . A study out last week from the University of Michigan found that nearly two-thirds of parents reported they felt the need to watch over their child 's hospital care to make sure no one made any mistakes . Given the dangers lurking in hospitals , we asked several nurses to give us their suggestions about what steps to take to protect yourself and your family . Watch more on avoiding hospital mistakes " 1 . Bring in a list of the medications you 're taking This is one of the most important things you can do to ensure your safety , according to a survey of 731 nurses by Consumer Reports . It 's best to have the list in your wallet in case you 're taken to the emergency room . Rita Kobert , a nurse in Fredericksburg , Virginia , who has a seizure disorder , told Consumer Reports she learned this lesson long ago . "  If I fall from a seizure ... and have to go to the hospital , I already have a printout of medications , " she said . 2 . Make sure the hospital gets your name right Last year , Michelle Waddy , a freelance pediatric nurse practitioner in Roanoke , Virginia , suffered a drop in hemoglobin and needed four units of blood immediately . "  The emergency room nurse entered my name on the computer wrong . I was given blood under another patient 's name , " she wrote to us . Waddy says she caught the error , but the hospital continued to use the wrong name . "  Luckily they had to get my blood type before I was given blood , or I would n't be telling this story . " 3 . Ask about every medication they give you Nurses say to double-check the name , dosage , and timing of every medicine you receive in the hospital . Susan Gonzalez , a nurse in Austell , Georgia , caught a medication error just in time . She was visiting her father in the hospital when a nurse came to give him an intravenous medicine . "  I asked them , ` What are you hanging ? ' " she said . The nurse answered it was ampicillin , an antibiotic . "  I was like , ` My dad is allergic , ' and they said , ` Oh , you 're right . ' That could have been a fatal outcome . " 4 . Make sure everyone washes hands In the Consumer Reports survey , 26 percent of the nurses reported observing hand-washing lapses . "  It seems like a simple little thing , but doctors and nurses pick up a lot of nasty germs and then transmit them to other patients , " Dr. Howard Blumstein told Consumer Reports . Blumstein is a vice president of the American Academy of Emergency Medicine and practices in North Carolina . Since it can be an uncomfortable conversation , Consumer Reports has a list of ways to ask a doctor or nurse to wash up . Here 's advice on preventing hospital infections from the American Hospital Association , the American Medical Association , and the National Patient Safety Board . 5 . If you think something 's wrong , do n't back down O'Brien , the nurse from Maryland , said she had to fight to stop her mother from receiving a dangerous medication during an emergency visit to the hospital . She says her mother , who had breast cancer , was supposed to receive a dose of a steroid called Decadron before her chemotherapy sessions . She said someone in the hospital made a mistake and wrote in her mother 's chart that she was supposed to receive Decadron every twelve hours . O'Brien begged the nurses to take her mother off the 12-hour schedule of Decadron , explaining that she was a diabetic and it could hurt her heart . Within 10 minutes of talking to the nurse , her mother experienced chest pain and had a heart attack , O'Brien recalls , adding that her mother survived . O'Brien says do n't give up if you think something 's wrong . "  You do n't need to be aggressive , nasty , and mean . Be convincing and confident , " she said . CNN 's Sabriya Rice and Jennifer Pifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Medical errors kill up to 98,000 U.S. hospital patients a year To cut back on potential for mistakes , vigilance is key , says nurse Ask about every medication the hospital gives you If you think something is wrong , do n't back down
Maui , Hawaii  CNN  When she was just 4 years old , Chelsea Elliott went blind in her left eye . Then , two years later , she lost hearing in her right ear . Now 24 , Elliott might have been spared years of struggle if her rare eye condition -- known as Coats disease -- had been caught earlier . Not wanting other children to feel the same frustration , anger and limitations , Elliott launched a nonprofit that offers free vision and hearing screenings to school-age children -- particularly from lower income communities . Here 's a stunning statistic : 25 % of U.S. children ages 5-17 suffer from vision problems , according to the National Commission on Vision and Health . Nonetheless , eight states still fail to require vision screenings at schools . Undetected and untreated , eye disorders can result in delayed reading and poorer academic outcomes . Elliott 's organization , the Half-Helen Foundation , has screened nearly 9,000 children in Texas and Hawaii since its 2013 launch . As you might guess , the name honors Helen Keller -- who overcame blindness and hearing loss as an infant . Before her death in 1968 , Keller learned to speak and then eventually earned degrees from Radcliffe College and Harvard University , inspiring countless people around the world . "  When I learned about Helen Keller for the first time in the fourth grade , I surmised that I am half blind and half deaf like half Helen , " said Elliott . "  What better role model than to name a nonprofit after the most extraordinary woman who overcame obstacles being blind and deaf ? " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 I talked with Elliott about the motivation behind her work . Below is an edited version of our conversation . CNN : You do vision screenings right in the schools . How does it work ? Chelsea Elliott : We use our tool , the Spot camera . This device allows us to test for the six most common vision impairments in children in seconds . We are looking to see if they 're near-sighted , if they 're far-sighted , if they have astigmatism , or if they 're at risk for conditions like lazy eye or strabismus or if there 's a difference in pupil size . The Spot camera is a hand-held autorefractor that takes a picture of a child 's eyes . It has multi-colored Infrared light -- a red , blue and green light that flashes . Children tell me it looks like a video game . Often I 'm trying to get the child to look straight into the camera . So once I capture their attention , the camera will capture the image and the screening is done . It 's that quick . We learn so much more about a child 's vision health in a fraction of the time it takes to do a basic eye chart test . After the screening , we deliver referral reports to the school health aide to distribute to the families . The families communicate directly with us if they need assistance in seeking corrective wear or access to an eye care professional . If a child passes , all the better . But if a child fails , then we 've found one who we can help , and that 's one less child who has to know the struggle or the headaches or the frustration from not being able to see . See more CNN Heroes CNN : Your efforts first started in Texas . Why did you choose to focus on Hawaii next ? Elliott : The state of Hawaii currently does not require vision or hearing screenings in schools . So it has been left to the hands of service or civic organizations . Only certain schools on the island were receiving vision screenings , when it was convenient . It was n't being done  systematically  . So I reached out to some civic groups here that had been conducting screenings and asked if I could come out and present how we do our work . And they , in turn , invited me to come out for a year and pilot our Maui 528 program . It 's the perfect pilot group size . With 21,000 students and the technology available , we calculated it would actually take us about 528 hours to screen all 21,000 students . CNN : How can a vision problem affect a child 's education ? Elliott : A child 's learning can be set back several years by not being able to see the words on the page or if they 're at a slant , if they 're blurred , if they 're nonexistent . They lose that self-confidence in their learning , that drive to push them forward , all because they were never screened for a potential condition that is easily correctable . It 's so commonly assumed that you can see a problem . I was 4 years old , and I had no visual symptoms . A common misunderstanding with the need for these services is that if a child has a vision problem , they 'll tell you . How can they tell you if that 's the only reality they know ? Because preventative care is the most important thing we can provide , and we have a way now to conduct it so efficiently and effectively , there 's no reason not to provide this service . I would like to see every state require preventative screenings in order to ensure that every student has an equal opportunity to the best education possible . That 's our way forward . CNN : Where does the name of your organization come from ? Elliott : When I learned about Helen Keller for the first time in the fourth grade , I surmised that I am half blind and half deaf like half Helen . So that became the nickname from fourth grade on . And then when I graduated from college and I realized what my purpose was in this life , I realized what better role model than to name a nonprofit after the most extraordinary woman who overcame obstacles being blind and deaf ? Helen Keller did so many extraordinary things with her life , I can only hope to be half as wonderful as she is . Want to get involved ? Check out the Half-Helen Foundation website at www.halfhelen.org and see how to help .	Eight U.S. states do n't require vision and hearing screenings in schools After going partially blind and deaf as a child , Chelsea Elliott created a solution Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2015 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Former presidential nominee and Sen. George McGovern has been admitted to a hospice in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , a spokeswoman for the facility said Monday . "  The family of Sen. McGovern wishes to extend their gratitude and appreciation for the many prayers and well wishes and requests complete privacy at this time , " said Lindsey Meyers , spokeswoman for Avera McKennan Hospital and University Health Center . McGovern , 90 , is best known for his unsuccessful 1972 campaign for president as the Democratic nominee against incumbent Republican Richard Nixon . In 1972 , McGovern was selected as the Democratic Party nominee for president on a platform that included ending the war in Vietnam at a time when the country was torn over U.S. involvement there . Opinion : When candidates said ` no ' to debates "  Let us resolve that never again will we send the precious young blood of this country to die trying to prop up a corrupt military dictatorship abroad , " he said to applause at the Democratic convention in Miami Beach . "  We mentioned Vietnam . That tore the Democratic Party in half , " McGovern told CNN in 2006 . "  You were either a hawk or a dove . You -- you were n't allowed to be neutral . " But the campaign started out poorly . He selected as running mate Sen. Thomas Eagleton of Missouri after a background check that did not turn up the fact that Eagleton had been treated for mental illness , a fact that was revealed soon thereafter . Eagleton withdrew and McGovern then tapped Sargent Shriver , a brother-in-law of John F. Kennedy and U.S. ambassador to France . The pair ended up losing in a lopsided vote for incumbent Richard Nixon , with the McGovern ticket earning only 17 electoral votes -- from Massachusetts and the District of Columbia -- to Nixon 's 520 . He represented South Dakota in the U.S. Senate and House before and after his presidential campaign , leaving the daily foray of politics after losing his 1980 bid for a fourth Senate term . Concessions complicated in contentious campaigns McGovern has remained active since , including an appointment by then-President Bill Clinton as an ambassador to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and a 2001 appointment as the U.N. 's first global ambassador for hunger . He met his wife , Eleanor , while at Dakota Wesleyan University in 1941 , before he joined the Army . He flew 35 combat missions as a B-24 bomber pilot in Europe , and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross . The McGoverns had five children , but one of their daughters died in 1994 . Eleanor died in 2007 . In April : McGovern hospitalized in Florida 2011 : McGovern taken to hospital after fall CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this story .	McGovern ran for president in 1972 against Richard Nixon He served three terms in the Senate , representing South Dakota No details were released about his condition
PopSci.com  -- Until last December , no one had ever seen the bottom of the Tasman Fracture , a trench that drops more than four kilometers below the surface of the ocean . A group of Australian and American researchers recently spent a month hundreds of kilometers southwest of the Tasmanian coast , exploring the fracture 's depths . This funnel-shaped sea squirt , never before seen , will snap shut like a Venus flytrap around shrimp that are unfortunate enough to go near it . Jess Adkins , a professor at Caltech and one of the project 's lead scientists , remembers sitting in his control room and watching the underwater life on his monitors with a sense of awe . Once , he says , none of the scientists or pilots said a word for 10 minutes straight as their submersible glided over an undiscovered coral reef full of urchins and sponges and sea stars . The researchers explored the fracture with Jason , a remotely-operated submersible the size of a small car . On loan from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute , it carried a high-definition camera that weighed more than 500 pounds and beamed underwater video up to the ship through a long fiber-optic tether . At 3,000 meters below sea level , the crew saw thousands of sea spiders . At 3,500 , millions of specimens of a new , purple-spotted sea anemone . At 4,000 meters , a single never-before-seen carnivorous sea squirt with a funnel-shaped body that snapped shut like a Venus flytrap around any shrimp unfortunate enough to brush against it . Back on land , the three new species  the anemone , the sea squirt , and a new kind of barnacle  have drawn the most attention , but it 's the team 's coral collection , some 10,000 pieces of it , that can tell us about the history of our climate and , perhaps , its future . A coral skeleton acts as a tape recorder of its environment . As it grows , the coral 's chemical structure  specifically the weight of its oxygen molecules  varies depending on the temperature of the water around it . And , because the coral 's uranium decays into thorium over time , it is conveniently datable . By charting different corals ' ages and oxygen weights , researchers can map the ocean 's changing temperature . During the coming months , expedition scientists will compare 40,000 years of oceanic and atmospheric records . The ocean 's temperature and carbon dioxide levels are important because of their impact on our atmosphere . The watery part of the world absorbs and stores sixty times more CO2 than the atmosphere . Huge reservoirs of the ocean 's CO2 lurk in its coldest , densest waters  found in the Tasman Fracture and off Greenland  . Because cold water releases more CO2 into the air than warm water , the rate at which bottom water rises to the surface has a profound effect on the atmosphere above . Until recently , we had assumed that our climate was relatively stable . After all , for the past 10,000 years -- during which we developed the alphabet , electrical wiring , and microchip necessary for this article -- little has changed . But early - '90s research on Greenland 's ice core proved that , over the past 100,000 years , climate stability has been the exception , not the norm . During the last glacial period , global temperatures fluttered up and down by as much as several degrees in as little as a decade . CO2 levels in the atmosphere changed along with the temperature , though more slowly . The researchers ' ultimate goal is to see if changes in the ocean followed or proceeded changes in the atmosphere . Adkins suspects that the ocean  and in particular the depths of the ocean  played a part in triggering the climate 's sudden fluctuations . He 's sure , though , that we 're adding more CO2 to the ocean now , in the form of burning fossil fuels , than it has ever held before . Given how little we know about how the ocean regulates the amount of CO2 in our air  we 've mapped the surface of Mars , he points out , but not the ocean floor  he wonders if that 's such a good idea . We do know that increasing the amount of carbon dioxide in the ocean makes it more acidic . And whether or not it sets off a climate shift of Pleistocenic proportions , acidification could kill the researchers ' newly-discovered , awe-inspiring reef , along with others we have n't even found yet . There would be just as much ocean to study , but less to find . Copyright © 2009 Popular Science	Scientists studied the Tasman Fracture , a deep trench in the ocean They used a remote-controlled machine which sent back video Discoveries included a new anemone , the sea squirt and a new kind of barnacle
CNN  -- Three aid workers have been shot over the last day in Somalia , two of them fatally , Somali media reports said . Somalis prepare Monday to bury murdered Osman Ali Ahmed , the head of the U.N. Development Program . The first fatality was a Somali , Mohamed Mohamud Qeyre . He was the deputy director of the group Daryeel Bulasho Guud  DBG  , funded by a German company and affiliated with the group Bread for the World . Qeyre was shot in the Somali capital of Mogadishu Friday night in what appeared to be a targeted attack , the reports said . He was shot by three gunmen outside the facility where aid distribution is coordinated . The gunmen may have been staking out the facility waiting for Qeyre to exit . The head of DBG , in Nairobi , Kenya , said he will suspend all aid operations in Somalia for the time being . The second fatality was a member of the Sodra nongovernmental organization , which is helping with humanitarian efforts in Somalia . Officials said it appears that Ali Baashi was also specifically targeted by gunmen . Earlier this week , the World Food Program said a truck driver carrying its relief supplies was killed -- the fourth WFP driver killed in Somalia this year . Ahmed Saalim was shot when fighting broke out between convoy escorts and militiamen at a checkpoint , the U.N. aid agency said . A growing percentage of the Somali population has become dependent on humanitarian aid . A severe famine swept the nation in 1991-1993 , devastating crops , killing up to 280,000 people and displacing up to 2 million , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . The situation has been exacerbated by drought , continual armed conflicts in central and southern Somalia and high inflation on food and fuel . Journalist Mohamed Amin contributed to this report .	Three aid workers have been shot over the last day in Somalia , two of them fatally One victim worked for aid agency , DBG , which has suspended operations Four World Food Program drivers of relief supplies killed this year Somalis dependent on humanitarian aid since 1993 famine , ongoing war , drought
Australia recovered from losing two key players inside the first 22 minutes to beat Wales 21-18 in Auckland Friday to secure third place at the Rugby World Cup . Two-time world champions Australia lost fullback Kurtley Beale to injury after eight minutes , but center Berrick Barnes crossed for a converted try for the Wallabies to open the scoring at Eden Park . The Australians then saw influential flyhalf Quade Cooper limp off with suspected cruciate ligament damage to his knee before James Hook got Wales on the score sheet with a penalty . Australia 's James O'Connor , with a penalty that struck the upright , and Leigh Halfpenny missed kicking chances for their respective sides to leave it 7-3 at halftime . Hook , once again struggling with the boot , should have slotted over a three-point attempt early in the second half but it was quickly forgotten as veteran wing Shane Williams , playing in the final World Cup match of his career , produced a moment of magic in the 49th minute . He controlled a loose ball before gathering to go over in the corner and put Warren Gatland 's men in front for the first time in the playoff . New Zealand to end 24 years of hurt ? But Hook missed the conversion and the Wallabies responded with two penalties from 21-year-old O'Connor to take a 13-8 lead after 65 minutes . Barnes , 25 , extended Australia 's advantage with a drop goal , before flanker Ben McCalman touched down for the decisive try with 76 minutes on the clock . Wales , who have enjoyed their most successful World Cup campaign since the tournament was last held in New Zealand 24 years ago , finished with a flourish , wing Halfpenny grabbing a try on the 80-minute mark . New Zealander Gatland said there were plenty of positives his team could take from their performance in the tournament , but lamented the poor kicking which ultimately cost Wales the bronze medal . "  We 've got to look at the disappointment of not finishing third or reaching the final , " Gatland said . "  But there are a lot of positives to take out of this tournament . We 've brought a lot of young players through . "  We 've just got to keep looking to improve . We only lost 21-18 to one of the best sides in the world . So there are a lot of positives in that . We missed one or two easy ones and James O'Connor has kicked pretty well . That 's probably been the difference . " It is the first time Australia have finished third at the four-yearly tournament , having been crowned champions in 1991 and 1999 , runners-up in 2003 and fourth in 1987 . The World Cup reaches a climax Sunday at the same venue , with hosts New Zealand hoping to lift the Webb Ellis trophy for the first time in 24 years when they take on France , who have never won the tournament .	Australia beat Wales 21-18 to finish third in the Rugby World Cup A late try from Ben McCalman proves the difference between the two teams Australia claiming the bronze medal for the first time in a World Cup The World Cup concludes with the final between hosts New Zealand and France Sunday
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- Samar Badawi , a 30-year-old mother of one , has served seven months in jail . Her crime ? Disobeying her father . Badawi , 30 , fell foul of Saudi Arabia 's guardianship laws , which require women to gain permission from their father , husband or even adult son for many daily activities . In a case that was highlighted by Human Rights Watch , Badawi was physically abused by her father from the age of 14 after her mother died of cancer . At the age of 25 , she decided to "  stand up for herself " and ran away to a women 's shelter . She was jailed for seven months after her father brought a "  disobedience " case against her and she refused to return to his home . Badawi was released last year after an online campaign , and eventually got a ruling to transfer her guardianship to her uncle . She also successfully filed a suit against her father 's refusal to allow her to marry . "  I went in a broken woman , " she said . "  I was very hurt when I went to prison . But I came out victorious and was very proud of myself that I was able to handle those seven months . It was n't easy . " Badawi added : "  When I was alone , I would remember the injustice , from my father , from the judge who was horrible to me . "  I would remember my son . I would remember how even society did n't spare me -- I was insulted a lot and despite the insults , I stayed quiet , I did n't respond . In these moments I would cry . " Despite her own trauma , Badawi does not call for a change in the law , but rather for better awareness . "  Our laws are fair , very fair , " she said . "  If not for the law , I would not have been able to escape the difficult situation I was in . "  The problem is that there is no legal culture here . Women here , from various backgrounds , are n't aware of their rights , there is no awareness . "  That 's why I wish that law would be taught in schools from an early age . " Badawi was presented with an International Women of Courage award by U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama and U.S. Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton on March 8 . Presented annually , the award recognizes women who have show exceptional courage and leadership in advocating for women 's rights . Women 's rights is a hot issue in Saudi Arabia , and there is a surprising range of views , from both women and men . Aside from the guardianship laws , women are not allowed to drive , an issue that grabbed headlines around the world last year when many women challenged the law by getting behind the wheel . One of those was Najla Hariri , who drove her son to school one day after her driver failed to show up for work . She continued to do so several times after that , but can no longer drive after she and her husband were both forced to sign legal pledges that she would not drive again . "  What is more upsetting to me than having to sign the pledge is that my ` guardian ' was summoned , " she said . "  I reject the whole idea of his being my ` guardian ' because I 'm a 47-year-old woman , I should be my own guardian . " For Hariri , there is far more to campaign for than driving . "  Saudi women are facing many problems -- divorced women , women in judicial limbo , women who have been abused , issues with inheritance distribution -- we have many problems . "  So we started calling for the establishment of a ` personal status law ' to protect these rights , " she added . Hariri said the rights she wants are those already given to women in the Quran and the Sunna , the teachings of Prophet Mohammed . Also on Inside the Middle East : Saudi 's new breed of artists push the limits But not everyone agrees . Rawda Al Youssef runs a campaign called "  My Guardian Knows What 's Best For Me " in favor of the controversial system . She argues that Saudi women are lucky to be looked after and that guardianship reinforces the family as a foundation of society . "  The relationship between men and women inside the family is a complementary relationship and not an equal relationship , " said Al Youssef . "  The man serves the woman and supervises her affairs inside the home and outside the home . " For Al Youssef , women who campaign for more rights are a pampered minority with no real problems . "  Saudi women -- specifically those who are talking about women 's rights -- these come from a social class that is well-off and pampered . "  Bring me a poor woman who talks about these things and I 'll say ok , maybe she needs this , but those who talk about women 's rights ... these are women who have everything they need and all they 're missing is to be able to take their passport and travel as they want , or to drive a car . "  They did n't think about the needs of the poorer class . " While Al Youssef believes there is no appetite from either King Abdullah or society at large for greater women 's rights , Samar Fatany is convinced of the opposite . Fatany , a radio journalist and writer on women 's issues who was one of the first women employed in government 30 years ago , believes change will be inevitable , though gradual . "  I think Saudi women really have a great opportunity and a window for change and progress that we really need to take advantage of , " she said . "  I think King Abdullah has been a great supporter of women , he has been the champion of women and as a result the whole nation has changed and given great support to women . " Fatany added : "  It takes an educated person to know a different way of life , that it does n't have to be that way . "  If you are a person who is isolated and this is a lifestyle that you know , it does n't occur to you that there 's another way , that you do n't have to accept that . This does n't have to do with religion . "  It is not un-Islamic to drive , it 's is not un-Islamic to work , it is not un-Islamic to demand for your rights . " Also on Inside the Middle East : ` Victims of injustice ' in post-revolution Egypt speak out Cleric Sheikh Adnan Bahareth , who insisted on being interviewed over the phone because he did not want to appear on camera with a woman , argued that Saudi women were lucky not to have to drive . "  Men are slaves for women today , " he said . Sheikh Bahareth said if women could drive : "  It will add more tasks on a woman 's shoulder . She will have to go to the souk on her own , she will have to get the food , she will have to drive the kids to and from school . "  We want to lessen these burdens on the women . "	Samar Badawi served seven months in jail for disobeying her father Badawi says women need to be more aware of their rights Demanding more rights is not un-Islamic , say women campaigners Saudi women are lucky to be pampered and looked after , say others
The chants of protest heard across America in recent weeks echoed Wednesday in the small city where the civil rights movement reached a crescendo five decades ago . About 20 protesters walked up Selma 's famed Edmund Pettus Bridge and yelled : "  Hands up ! Do n't shoot ! " and "  I ca n't breathe , " in reference to the deaths of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner in New York . But here in Selma , there was an added chant : "  Show the tape . " Protesters want Police Chief William Riley to make public a videotape of a police shooting that took place more than a year ago . Ananias Shaw , 74 , was killed last December after he rushed an officer while wielding a hatchet , police said . Shaw was black . So was the police officer . Riley said the tape clearly shows the killing was justified . A grand jury heard the case and decided not to issue an indictment , as was the case in Ferguson and New York . It was the Ferguson protests that inspired longtime activist Faya Rose Toure to lead the charge for the Shaw family in Selma , though the circumstances are vastly different here . Selma , which is more than 80 % African-American , has a black mayor , a black police chief , a black district attorney and a majority black city council . But for Toure , the problem in Selma goes far beyond this one case . Selma once shocked the national consciousness when police beat and tear gassed 600 civil rights marchers as they crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge on their way to Montgomery . The day became known as Bloody Sunday and led the way to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . A movie depiction of the Selma story will release nationwide on January 9 . Selma , said Toure , has come a long way since then , but black people are not yet free of injustices . "  Even to this day , we are suffering from the inferiority complex stemming from days of slavery , " she said . "  It 's not just about color . It 's about a mindset . " Toure demanded Riley release the tape . "  It 's a matter of transparency , " she said . Shaw 's brother , Edward Shaw , said his brother 's death was unnecessary . "  Show the tape to the whole town , " Shaw said . But the police chief said he would not release the tape until the family has had a chance to view it . It wo n't be easy to watch and they deserve space to process what they 'll see on their own , he said . "  I do n't care who 's jumping up and down , " Riley said . "  I do what 's right and that 's what I 'm going to do . We want the family to see it first . It 's only fair . " Riley said he has made arrangements for Ananias Shaw 's children , who live in the Chicago area , to view the tape there . A copy is sitting in a Chicago-area law enforcement agency , ready to be seen by Shaw 's son and daughter whenever they come in . And on Friday morning , local relatives including Edward Shaw will gather to see it , too . The day before the protest , Edward Shaw pointed to the spot near a Church 's Chicken restaurant where his brother fell to the ground . He said he had rushed to the scene about 15 minutes after his brother was shot to find an entire block cordoned off with tape . Shaw said he saw his brother 's body lie on the ground for hours , uncovered . "  Everyone around here knew him , " Shaw said . "  He walked the streets for many years . " Ananias Shaw once worked as a mechanic but "  lost himself " after his wife left him decades ago and his house burned in a fire . Even so , he earned the nickname Ambulance , because he came to the aid of people , said his brother . Edward Shaw said Selma police knew his brother "  acted crazy " but that he never harmed anyone . But to hear it from the chief , the officer who shot Shaw had no choice . When officers responded to a call about a disturbance at Church 's Chicken , Shaw had ducked into a vacant building , Riley said . Shaw then came out with a hatchet , "  cussing like a dog . " Riley said officers told Shaw they did n't want to hurt him and repeatedly asked him to drop the weapon . But then Shaw turned on an officer , the hatchet raised , and that 's when the single shot was fired . Truth is , Riley said , "  the officer let him get too close . " Added Lt. Johnny King : "  We could have had an officer 's funeral . " King has been with the department for nearly 28 years . He said he knew of only two police shooting fatalities in all that time . But Edward Shaw said his brother left the restaurant on his own accord and there was no reason for the police to give him chase . "  Why would you follow him ? " Shaw asked . "  That 's what gets me . " That Shaw had problems was no secret , the chief said . But he ca n't help but wonder why Shaw 's family , in all the decades he was troubled , did n't get him the help he needed . Why did n't they have him committed ? "  They knew his propensity to act crazy . Evidently he was deteriorating , and they saw it happening , " Riley said . The videotape of the shooting was taken by the officer 's lapel camera . Toure , the activist , said it was her husband , Alabama State Sen. Hank Sanders , who was responsible for $ 30,000 in funding for the city of Selma to buy lapel cameras for the police force . "  Ferguson , " she said , "  is advocating for something we already have . But why ca n't we see the tape ? " The chief takes no issue with protests tied to the tensions roiling through the country . What happened to Michael Brown in Ferguson , Eric Garner in New York and Tamir Rice in Cleveland bothers him , too . "  We have things going on in policing that are n't right , " he said . If people want to scream outside his department , "  I ca n't breathe , " he 's all for it . But what he ca n't get behind is how what happened in Selma is being lumped with these cases . "  It 's wrong and disingenuous , " he said . "  We 're no Ferguson , " and pretending Selma is , he said , "  hurts the message . "	Protest links Selma police killing of man a year ago to Ferguson , New York cases Protesters want video of incident to be made public Officer , victim were black ; police chief says cases should n't be lumped together
CNN  Despite a shared passion for food , we come from very different backgrounds . To look at us , you might not think we have much in common ; one of us is a veteran Marine from New Orleans , the other a tattooed New Yorker with Mexican roots . But together these different perspectives strengthen our shared work both as chefs and as advocates . That 's why last summer , when we were offered a chance to join the international relief and development organization Oxfam on a trip to Haiti as part of its GROW campaign , we jumped at the opportunity . GROW is Oxfam 's global campaign to shift how our food is grown , sold and distributed by promoting smarter investment in sustainable agriculture models that will ensure everyone has enough to eat now and in the future . Oxfam invited us to Haiti to meet some of the Haitian farmers and chefs who are planting seeds of hope in a country that has faced more obstacles than any community should rightly be expected to overcome . Oxfam hoped we could learn about the inspiring work being done in Haiti and share our own experience with sustainable food systems . You do n't often hear stories of hope from Haiti . In the rare moments when news from the country makes its way to the United States , it 's almost always about crisis . The challenges Haiti faces were obvious when we visited one of the largest remaining camps for people who are still -- five years later -- displaced as a result of earthquakes that devastated the country in 2010 . Extreme levels of poverty and hunger and a lack of economic opportunity are all ongoing and serious issues . But during our short visit , we saw a different Haiti . Almost everywhere we went , we met problem-solvers who were innovative , creative and full of hope . They are working to build a stronger Haiti that can prosper and thrive . Oxfam is working in Haiti to empower farmers with tools and sustainable models of production that will help them build thriving farms and businesses that feed their communities . It also advocates for changes to policies that make it more difficult for Haitian farmers to thrive . We saw the inspiration in the eyes of women farmers who were beginning to chart their own course for the first time , reaping the benefits from the System of Rice Intensification , a groundbreaking way to grow rice that improves the quality of harvests and yields more rice while using less water , fertilizer , and other expensive inputs . We felt the ingenuity of the lush urban gardens that seemed to have sprouted up from nowhere in places previously destroyed by the earthquake . We cooked jambalaya with produce bought from those gritty urban farmers , most of whom had lost spouses , siblings or parents in the earthquake . The gardens offer the prospect of a new way to earn a living -- growing fresh , healthy food for their community . We tasted the hope in the delicious meals we shared with young chefs who had just graduated from Haiti 's Ecole Hoteliere -- their ambition and optimism the same as any chef you 'd meet in New York or New Orleans or Paris . We cooked for them and ate the local dishes they prepared . Their food showcased a rich culinary tradition comparable to any food capital in the world . We danced and sang late into the night at the Carnaval des Fleurs until our ears rang and our throats were hoarse . The innovation , ingenuity and hope we saw can create the foundations of a Haiti known for its food , culture and beauty rather than its poverty . This was the constant theme we heard throughout our trip . Together , Haitian people can lift themselves up and build a better future for their country . Find out more at www.oxfamamerica.org/grow .	Chefs John Besh and Aaron Sanchez traveled to Haiti as part of Oxfam 's GROW campaign GROW is working to create sustainable agriculture models to ensure quality and quantity of future food supplies Besh and Sanchez were able to experience some of Haiti 's rich culinary traditions
CNN  -- Gervinho 's unsuccessful spell at Arsenal came to an end last summer when he was sold to Roma . The winger is now flourishing in Serie A and carried over his form to the international stage Saturday as he led the Ivory Coast to a 3-1 win over Senegal in the first leg of their playoff tie . He played a role in all three goals in Abidjan , earning a penalty that Didier Drogba converted in the fifth minute . His good ball led to an own goal in the 14th minute and he assisted on Salomon Kalou 's effort that made it 3-0 in the 50th . But Papiss Cisse 's goal deep into injury time left Senegal with slight hope of appearing at the World Cup for the first time since bursting onto the scene in 2002 . Senegal , however , wo n't have full home-field advantage in the return leg , playing next month 's match in Morocco because of a stadium ban in Dakar . The ban was imposed after an African Cup of Nations qualifier between Senegal and the Ivory Coast last year was cut short due to crowd trouble . The winner of the tie earns a place at next year 's World Cup in Brazil and the Ivory Coast -- which lined up in Germany in 2006 and South Africa in 2010 -- will be expected to complete the job . There was controversy in the other African playoff contested Saturday . Burkina Faso , which has never featured at the World Cup , converted a late penalty to edge visitor Algeria 3-2 . To the disbelief of the Algerians , Zambian referee Janny Sikazwe awarded the spot kick for Essaid Belkalem 's handball , which did n't appear to be deliberate . Algerian players protested but the call stood and Aristide BancÃ © -- who missed a penalty in the first half -- broke the deadlock in the 86th minute . Algeria had twice come back in Ouagadougou . On Sunday , Ethiopia hosts Nigeria and Tunisia entertains Cameroon . Egypt visits Ghana on Tuesday .	Ivory Coast beats Senegal 3-1 in the first leg of their football playoff in Africa Papiss Cisse 's goal well into injury time gives Senegal some hope in the return leg The second leg will be played in Morocco because of a stadium ban in Senegal Burkina Faso edged Algeria 3-2 in the other playoff first leg contested Saturday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Controversial Dutch filmmaker Geert Wilders condemned as "  crazy and cowardly " Britain 's refusal to let him enter the country Thursday . Geert Wilders shows his passport and boarding pass at Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport before leaving for London . Wilders , a Dutch lawmaker who produced a much-criticized film about Islam last year , flew to London for a screening of the movie despite being told a day earlier he would not be admitted . "  I still believed and hoped that they would change their tune , " he told CNN by telephone , saying he was speaking from a detention room at London 's Heathrow Airport . He said he was met by customs officers as soon as he left the plane . "  They took me to a detention center , " Wilders said , and there he was interviewed "  for 45 seconds " before they took his passport and left . Watch Wilders condemn British government " He called it a "  very sad day " for "  freedom of speech in the European Union . " Wilders had been invited to screen his film , "  Fitna , " at the House of Lords on Thursday evening . The 15-minute film features disturbing images of terrorist acts superimposed over verses from Islam 's holy book , the Quran , to paint Islam as a threat to Western society . The British ambassador to the Netherlands told him Wednesday that he would be refused entry into Britain because the beliefs expressed in the film would threaten public security . Do you agree with the UK 's decision to bar Wilders ? Have your say Britain 's Home Office said barring Wilders is allowed under European Union law , which permits states to refuse entry on the grounds of public policy , public security or public health . "  The government opposes extremism in all its forms , " said a Home Office spokesman , who would not be identified , in line with policy . "  It will stop those who want to spread extremism , hatred and violent messages in our communities from coming to our country . " Wilders is a member of the Dutch parliament for the right-wing Party for Freedom . He released "  Fitna " online in March 2008 to immediate controversy . The 15-minute film features disturbing images of terrorist acts superimposed over verses from Islam 's holy book , the Quran , to paint Islam as a threat to Western society . Caroline Cox , a member of Britain 's House of Lords who is not affiliated with a political party , invited Wilders to screen his film at a private session in parliament . She told CNN that she wanted lawmakers to see the film to provoke discussion . "  We 're showing it on the basis of freedom of speech , " said Cox , who has been a free speech advocate throughout her career . "  It 's a serious showing , with serious concerns and serious consideration . " Cox said she disagreed with the government 's decision to bar Wilders , who was also scheduled to discuss the film . "  I think it 's appalling , " she told CNN . "  For  the British government to prevent a European parliamentarian coming to speak to parliamentarians over here is very disturbing . I think it will be ready by many people as a sign of appeasement to threat and intimidation . " After its release , the movie drew complaints from the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , as well as concern from the United States , which warned it could spark riots . Dutch authorities filed charges against Wilders last month , accusing him of inciting racial hatred in speeches and in the film . "  Fitna " opens with a controversial caricature of the Prophet Mohammed wearing a turban shaped like a bomb , followed by translated portions of the Quran . The passages are interspersed with graphic images of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks against the United States , juxtaposed with audio from 911 calls made by the victims trapped inside the World Trade Center in New York . The video includes images of other terror attacks ; bloodied victims ; beheadings of hostages ; executions of women in hijab , the traditional full-body covering ; and footage , with subtitles , of Islamic leaders preaching inflammatory sermons against Jews and Christians . In his interview with the BBC , Wilders said he does not hate Muslims but opposes the "  Islamization " of the European continent . The title "  Fitna , " is Arabic for "  strife " or "  conflict " of the type that occurs within families or any other homogenous group . Five years ago , Dutch director Theo van Gogh was stabbed to death by a member of a radical Islamic group after his short film "  Submission " used verses from the Quran written on women 's bodies to criticize the treatment of women in Islamic cultures . His co-producer on the project , Somali-born former Dutch lawmaker Ayaan Hirsi Ali , lived under government protection for several years after van Gogh 's killing . She now lives in the United States .	Controversial Dutch filmmaker refused entry to Britain Geert Wilders said he was to screen film at UK parliament 's upper house His film "  Fitna " accused of painting Islam as a threat to Western society Britain 's Home Office confirmed that Wilders had been denied entry Wilders
WIRED  -- The BlackBerry PlayBook tablet is a good-looking piece of hardware . Like the proto-humans in "  2001 : A Space Odyssey , " you 'll be eager to touch the monolithic object 's black , buttonless visage . But once you do , things get a little more complicated . The PlayBook 's design exudes the same sense of finely honed "  business chic " that Research in Motion has perfected in its BlackBerry smartphones . But the PlayBook 's software suffers from several missteps and oversights , especially in the drought of useful apps -- the very things that have made tablets such a hit -- and the lackluster performance of Adobe 's Flash player . At a svelte 7.6 inches by 5.1 inches , the PlayBook is about the size of Samsung 's Galaxy Tab , and considerably smaller than the Motorola Xoom and Apple iPad 2 . That may prove bothersome if you prefer watching videos and gaming on a larger screen . But in a trade-off for the small screen size , the PlayBook makes gains in portability . At just under a pound , long reading sessions do n't cause as much fatigue as they do with larger tablets , and the rubberized backing adds a pleasing tooth to the grip . You wo n't be worried about dropping it on the floor of the bus . RIM is banking that those who bemoan the loss of screen real estate will use the tablet as a media hub for larger devices . You can drag and drop media files from your desktop to the PlayBook the same way you 'd move files to a USB flash drive . You can also transfer files wirelessly over your local network . Once the PlayBook is loaded up with movies , use the HDMI-out to connect the tablet to a television and watch everything in full 1080p on a 16:9 wide screen . On both the big screen as well as the PlayBook , videos look damn good . And they sound good , too . The PlayBook 's two speakers flank the screen 's face horizontally , projecting sound outward toward your ears . The quality is surprisingly clear for the size of the speakers . There 's no tinniness or distortion , even with the volume cranked . There are no buttons on the face , but there are four along the top edge : a Play/Pause button , a two-way volume rocker and a Power button . They 're unobtrusive , though sometimes to a fault . It takes a noticeable amount of effort to push in the Power button , which is frustrating if you want to turn the screen on or off quickly . In the absence of a Home button , there 's a new UI convention to learn : You touch the frame along the bottom of the screen and swipe up when you want to return to the home screen . Touch sensitivity is very responsive , and the swipe controls work great . Taking a note from Palm 's webOS , RIM brings multitasking to its QNX-based BlackBerry Tablet OS , letting you switch back and forth between simultaneously running apps . By swiping a finger to the side of the screen , you can jump from the YouTube video you were watching back to a paused game of Tetris , without having to return to the home screen . Also cool : the ability to multitask with apps running on a peripheral display . When the PlayBook is hooked up to an HDTV , you can watch video at 1080p on the big screen while browsing the web on the PlayBook . Or , you can show a presentation on a projector while swiping through your speaking notes on the tablet . Be forewarned of resource hoggery , though . Try running too many apps at once , and a low-memory notification will pop up in the left-hand corner telling you to cool it . The PlayBook comes loaded with 1 GB of RAM to protect against this , though on occasion when I ignored the warning long enough , my browser crashed . Move closer to the software level and things get even stickier . Any tablet debuting more than a year after the Apple 's market-dominating iPad needs an edge . For the PlayBook , that edge is support for Adobe Flash , a feature that the iPad is famously lacking . RIM says it took over two years of working with Adobe to bring Flash to its tablet . Two years may not have been enough . During a round of "  Plants vs. Zombies , " gameplay bogged down whenever the animation got intense . Every time I tried to access a Flash game on Facebook , the browser crashed . Yes , every single time . Say goodbye to your well-tended crops , Farmvillians . RIM delivered several software updates during our tests , showing that the company is still ironing out bugs . Flash stability increased with each update , and may well be even more stable by the time the PlayBook ships on April 19 . But the fact that a marquee feature is strapped with such stability problems so close to the ship date is troubling . Another glaring flaw is the PlayBook 's complete lack of native e-mail , contacts and calendar apps . Want those apps ? Log on to your Gmail account with the browser . BlackBerry smartphone owners can access e-mail on the PlayBook after installing RIM 's Bridge app , which connects the phone to the tablet by Bluetooth , but we were n't able to test this feature . If you do n't have a BlackBerry phone , you 're out of luck until summer , when RIM says a future software update will bring native clients to the PlayBook . Also worth considering is the relatively paltry selection on BlackBerry 's App World , which contains roughly 3,000 apps . By comparison , Apple and Google 's app inventories number in the hundreds of thousands . And some of the biggest apps -- Facebook , a Gmail client , Twitter , Angry Birds -- are conspicuously absent . Clicking on the Facebook "  app " icon on the desktop brings up a web browser and loads the Facebook website . RIM has announced that an Android app player will be available on the PlayBook , which should bolster the number of available apps . But any Android apps ported to the PlayBook must be vetted by RIM before they can make it into the store . Under casual use conditions , the PlayBook 's battery held up for close to eight hours , which is on par with both generations of the iPad . With heavy use of Flash-based sites  when they functioned  and 1080p video-watching , the PlayBook 's battery hung in there for an impressive 5 1/2 hours . It 's important to note that this is a Wi-Fi only version of the PlayBook , and that the battery life may be different once RIM releases the promised 4G versions of the PlayBook for the big three U.S. carriers . Expect those to roll out beginning this summer , though no pricing details have been released on the 4G models yet . The bottom line : It 's a well-constructed device with great media-viewing capabilities , solid hardware specs and a price on par with the current tablet market . But with serious gaps in key areas like app selection and Flash stability , you may want to think twice before picking one up . WIRED Sexy design appeals to the Mies in you . Media is a joy with a brilliant display , great sound and an HDMI output . Two cameras : one on the front , a better one on the back . Supports tethering to BlackBerry phones . Comes with office-productivity apps that can read and edit MS Office files . App multitasking is innovative and intuitive . Runs Flash , sorta . TIRED RIM 's WebKit-based browser is about as stable as your bipolar uncle . No native e-mail , calendar or contacts apps . App ecosystem is lacking . You 'll need to install a driver before you can connect it to your PC or Mac . Runs Flash , sorta . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	PlayBook 's software suffers from a drought of useful apps There is a lackluster performance of Adobe 's Flash player Touch sensitivity is very responsive , and the swipe controls work great
CNN  -- "  If you give me Times Square , I want to give it back to the people . " JR , the 30-year-old globetrotting French street artist , could well say the same about the slums of Kenya or the favelas of Brazil , where he has created large-scale projects . Known for his black-and-white portraits , poster-sized or much larger and pasted on public walls , streets , grounds , rooftops and even trucks , JR considers himself an "  urban artivist " -- i.e. , an artist who is an activist . In New York earlier this month , he invited passersby to get their portraits taken and pasted on the ground at Times Square . Equipped with a photo booth truck that instantaneously printed 36 "  x53 " posters , his crew recruited volunteers -- some of whom held a large broom/brush and very sticky glue -- to help add the next portrait to the mosaic of faces . The line stretched long as endless numbers of tourists , New Yorkers and the curious waited for hours to get a piece of the action . Nearly 6,000 portraits were taken over three weeks . The Times Square project stemmed from an initiative that JR launched in 2011 when he won the prestigious TED Prize . Prizewinners get to make a wish and his was to start a global participatory art project . So was born "  Inside Out , " which invited people all over the world to submit portraits , share a statement of what they stand for and paste the posters in a public space in their home cities . To date , the project has printed and sent more than 130,000 posters to their subjects in more than 100 countries . JR is drawn to impoverished and conflict-ridden regions , bringing attention to faces and people that most would easily ignore or forget . He goes to the poor , the repressed , the hungry and the invisible and gives them art in the form of portraits . Those on the receiving end feel , if only momentarily , joyful and proud . "  Art is not meant to change the world , but when you see people interacting , when you see an impact on their lives , then I guess in a smaller way , this is changing the world , " he said in an interview with CNN . "  So , that 's what I believe in . That 's why I 'm into creating more and more interactions . " Unlike most visual artists , JR has no qualms about embracing technology . His medium may be archaic -- ink , paper , glue -- but he leverages the power of social media by inviting all to participate , upload , comment and share in what he likes to call the "  people 's project . " He has a Facebook fan page , a Twitter account and is most active and at home on Instagram , where he shows what he 's working on and relates to participants by liking their portraits . Yet when it comes to his personal identity , JR prefers anonymity . He has never revealed what his initials mean nor given out his real name . And he always wears dark glasses . He wants his art to be about others , not him . "  Even when I do really big pieces , I do them strips by strips -- so you have to paste , you have to involve people . It 's a whole process . And I like that . For me , that 's where the artwork is . But I use technology more and more , because that 's a great way to share , that 's a great way to be in touch with people . It 's just a great way to do something and spread it to millions of people through the Internet . " But is interaction enough ? One fan asked : What 's artistic about JR 's work ? Another wondered if JR 's posters too much resemble advertisements , especially in image-saturated cities like New York . JR has a response : "  I see this project as a social experimentation ... how people see themselves . ... And you see that sometimes -- they 're like yeah , I want to paste it there ! -- to show part of the community or people from different parts of the world . Or someone comes out and says -- Oh hey , I want to be at Times Square ! I want my face up there -- and they have no message . Some people ask me if I like that or not . I ca n't like it or not . For me , it 's a reflection . I have to observe it and study it . " Some people reveal themselves in the portraits by just being visible . Others reveal themselves by being incredibly expressive . The intentions of the portrait subjects vary as much as the responses they elicit . To be fair , many of JR 's projects have taken place in far-flung parts of the world where people do n't have easy access to print photographs . In the documentary , "  Inside Out : The People 's Art Project , " screened at the Tribeca Film Festival and debuting on HBO on May 20 at 9 p.m. ET/PT , we see the track of JR 's career , from his start as a graffiti artist in the backstreets of Paris to his more recent projects in earthquake shattered Haiti . Director Alastair Siddons shows JR 's work in the context of its environment , and underlying it is a consistent strand of social justice and political activism . In "  Women are Heroes , " eyes and faces of women cover the rooftops of houses in the Kibera slum in Kenya . Seen aerially , the haunting group of eyes seems to call out to the heavens for help , for relief . In "  Face2Face , " monumental portraits of Israelis and Palestinians in the same professions were pasted next to each other on both sides of the Separation Wall and in nearby cities . Most people could n't distinguish the Israelis from the Palestinians . In one of the most powerful scenes from the HBO documentary , JR 's cohort of photographers stealthily pasted portraits of ordinary Tunisians in a public square in the middle of the night . When day broke , people started tearing them down . It seemed Tunisians , who just went through a revolution and deposed their longtime president , Zine el Abidine Ben Ali -- whose huge posters used to be everywhere -- were not ready to accept any other large portraits in their public spaces . For the crowds in Times Square , maybe the portrait was about a moment in the spotlight . For the Tunisians , it was altogether something else . The message is simple . Portraits are powerful in their ability to evoke vastly different responses . It just depends on where you are and who you are .	JR , a French street artist , brought his "  Inside Out " project to Times Square in New York A documentary about JR will debut on HBO on May 20 at 9 p.m. ET/PT "  Inside Out " is a social experiment in how people see themselves and reflect society JR tends to focus on people and faces that most would easily ignore or forget
CNN  -- Like so many U.S. service members before them , the bodies of Sgt. Phillip Jenkins and Pvt. James McClamrock returned late Thursday to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , the most recent deaths of the war in Iraq . But in some ways , the differences in their deaths could n't be more striking than the 4,400 that came before them . The men , who died Tuesday , are the first two Americans killed in Iraq since the United States ended its combat role there after seven years . A September 1 ceremony , held at Al Faw Palace in Baghdad , marked the conclusion of the U.S. combat mission dubbed Operation Iraqi Freedom and the transfer to the assistance mission , named Operation New Dawn . In their new role , U.S. troops are expected to advise and assist Iraq 's security forces , back Iraqi troops in counterterrorism missions and protect American civilians there during a transitional period . Some 50,000 American troops remain in Iraq . Unless the United States and Iraq forge a new agreement , all U.S. troops are scheduled to depart Iraq by the end of 2011 . Ironically , Jenkins and McClamrock were killed by an Iraqi soldier . The attack occurred inside an Iraqi army commando compound when the soldier , clad in an Iraqi army uniform , fired on the U.S. soldiers near the Salaheddin province city of Tuz , the U.S. military said . The attacker was shot and killed . Maj. Gen. Mohammed al-Askari , a Defense Ministry spokesman , identified the shooter as Soran Rahman , from the Iraqi army 's 4th Division . Al-Askari said Rahman got into a fight with U.S. soldiers , and then pulled his weapon and fired on them before he was fatally shot . A joint U.S.-Iraqi investigation into the incident is under way . The soldiers were part of a security element for a U.S. company commander who was meeting with members of Iraqi security forces at the compound . The bodies of Jenkins and McClamrock arrived at Dover on a cool , clear night , along with the bodies of two Marines killed in Afghanistan . A military chaplain prayed over their transfer cases before they were unloaded from a military charter and brought before their families -- families that may not have expected to lose loved ones after America 's military role was over . CNN 's Kelly Marshall contributed to this report .	U.S. combat operations in Iraq ended September 1 Two American soldiers die after combat role ends U.S. troops are scheduled to leave Iraq by the end of 2011
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russia 's finance minister made a rare admission of responsibility Monday for the country 's severe economic crisis . Russia 's Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin says his country 's economy has been set back by five years . The Russian government overspent its vast oil revenues in recent years , fueling inflation , and did not do enough to reduce the economy 's reliance on oil , Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin said in an exclusive CNN interview . "  Of course , I too bear the responsibility for not managing to diversify the economy as much as we wanted , " Kudrin said . "  We were spending more money than we could afford , which is why we had a rapid strengthening of the national currency -LSB- and -RSB- a high inflation rate . "  I think the government should have been more conservative in its financial policy and save more money that it received from the high global oil prices , " he said . Kremlin officials usually blame the West , and specifically the United States , for the global economic crisis . Kudrin , who is also a deputy prime minister , said the financial crisis had set back Russian shares -- but added that the United States had fared even worse . "  If we are talking about the Russian stock market , it had been growing quickly over the past few years and then dropped rapidly . But we only retreated back five years , as far as I know , U.S. stock markets have fallen back 10 years . " Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with Russia 's finance minister " The Dow Jones index of leading shares hit lows not seen since 1997 on Monday . Kudrin confirmed Russia would have a budget deficit of 8 percent in 2009 -- its first for a decade -- and will spend more than it takes in for the next two years as well . He predicted a deficit of 5 percent in 2010 and 3 percent in 2011 . Russian government budget forecasts assumed oil would cost $ 95 a barrel -- more than twice as much as it costs at the moment . The lower price hurt Russia , one of the world 's largest oil exporters . But Kudrin said Moscow would not cut spending , though it would change its priorities . "  In general , the volume of spending will remain the same , and even slightly increase , which is why the deficit will go up to 8 percent , " he said . "  We need to optimize our spending and cut certain programs , " he added . "  First of all , we halted all brand new programs and all new projects . In some cases we 've also cut government institutions and government employees ' payroll . Besides , we 've decreased funding for less important projects by 50 percent and more . But by and large social spending and important infrastructure projects remain untouched . " Russia 's stock markets plummeted by nearly 70 percent in 2008 , and the country spent one-third of its gold and foreign currency reserves -- or $ 216 billion -- defending its currency , the ruble . The Kremlin has also committed vast sums to bail out big business in Russia , which is heavily in debt to foreign banks . Kudrin -- who is attending a global investment forum in Moscow -- said there were signs the Russian economy was stabilizing . He confirmed that investors pulled $ 40 billion out of Russia in January , but said that enormous outflows of cash had stopped . The flight of capital was related to the much-anticipated fall in the value of the currency , he said . "  People have been expecting a devaluation of the Russian ruble , there were a lot of expectations of new devaluation to take place . That 's why , before the end of January , before the devaluation was actually completed , there was a very strong incentive to take capital out of Russia . However , in February , such capital outflow practically ended . " CNN 's Michael Sefanov and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Russian has overspent vast oil revenues in recent years , finance minister says Failure to diversify national economy also hampering economy Crisis has set Russian stock market back five years , Kudrin says
A day after Iran agreed to limit its nuclear program in exchange for lighter economic sanctions , the difference in the moods on the streets of Tehran and Jerusalem could n't be starker . "  I 'm very happy about this agreement , " one man told CNN in Tehran . "  We hope all the world knows we use this nuclear  power  just for peace , not for war . " With the exception of extreme hard-liners , most Iranians are extremely happy with the deal , especially after many rounds of negotiations that yielded no results . Iranian newspapers lauded the agreement , with one proclaiming on the front page : "  This is Iran , and everyone is happy . " But just across the region in Jerusalem , many residents echoed the sentiments of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who slammed the deal as "  a historic mistake . " A political cartoon in one local newspaper depicts Israel 's foreign minister as saying , "  I 'll find us new friends " -- an apparent jab at the United States and other allies that supported the deal . Israeli team goes to Washington An Israeli team headed by National Security Adviser Yossi Cohen will leave soon for the United States to discuss the agreement , Netanyahu said Monday . That plan was worked out in a conversation with U.S. President Barack Obama on Sunday night , the Israeli Prime Minister said . "  I would be happy if I could join those voices around the world that are praising the Geneva agreement . It is true that the international pressure which we applied was partly successful and has led to a better result than what was originally planned , but this is still a bad deal . It reduces the pressure on Iran without receiving anything tangible in return , and the Iranians who laughed all the way to the bank are themselves saying that this deal has saved them . " The agreement , Netanyahu said , "  must lead to one result : The dismantling of Iran 's military nuclear capability . I remind you that only last week , during the talks , the leaders of Iran repeated their commitment to destroy the State of Israel , and I reiterate here today my commitment , as Prime Minister of Israel , to prevent them from achieving the ability to do so . " Tehran has continued its incendiary statements against Israel even in recent weeks . During negotiations in Geneva , Switzerland , Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Israeli officials "  can not be even called humans " and referred to Netanyahu as "  the rabid dog of the region . " What the deal means Iranian officials and the P5 +1 countries -- the United States , Britain , China , Russia , France and Germany -- hashed out the plan in Geneva early Sunday morning . Even though it 's only a six-month deal , world leaders hope it 'll pave the way to a long-term guarantee that Iran wo n't produce nuclear weapons . And Iran hopes to recoup some of the billions of dollars it 's lost as a result of international sanctions . World powers will suspend sanctions on various items , including gold and petrochemical exports . That suspension will provide Iran with about $ 1.5 billion in revenue , according to the White House . Iran has stumbled from one economic crisis to the next under the sanctions , and unemployment currently runs over 24 % . But not every country is following suit . Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird said his country will maintain its sanctions on Iran . "  People of #Iran deserve freedom & prosperity denied them by regime 's nuclear ambitions , " Baird tweeted . "  Until then , Canadian sanctions remain in full force . " ` Most thuggish people ' It 's also unclear whether Congress will agree to the deal . Sen. Lindsey Graham , a prominent Republican on the Appropriations , Armed Services , Budget , and Judiciary committees , called Monday for a new round of sanctions that can be relieved only if Iran dismantles its plutonium reactor . The end game is to stop enrichment , he said on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  We 're dealing with people who are not only untrustworthy , this is a murderous regime that murders their own people , creates chaos and mayhem throughout the whole world , the largest sponsor of terrorism . And we 're treating them out of sync with who they are . That 's what bothers me so much . This deal does n't represent the fact we 're dealing with the most thuggish people in the whole world . " Since the deal is temporary , it remains unclear what world powers might offer -- and demand of -- Iran in the future . "  It 's a little too early to break open champagne bottles and put on the party hats on this one , " said Middle East diplomatic expert Aaron David Miller . "  Its success hinges on whether or not it leads to a bigger agreement to "  put Iran 's nuclear weapons program to rest . " That the diplomats came to any accord at all represents a momentous budge in a nearly 35-year deadlock marked by distrust , suspicion and open animosity between the United States and Iran , which broke off diplomatic relations after Iran 's revolution in 1979 . It was the first such agreement in 10 years of attempts to negotiate over Iran 's nuclear program . Success or setback ? In a televised speech , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani sold it as a win for his negotiators . "  We are pleased after 10 years that an agreement on this level has been reached , " he said . He played up the fact that the deal allows Iran to enrich uranium to a level making it usable as nuclear fuel . During the six months of the agreement , he said , major facilities in Iran will continue doing so . But that level , 5 % enrichment , is well below the level needed to make weapons . Fareed Zakaria : What critics are getting wrong about the Iran deal Obama said the agreement includes "  substantial limitations that will help prevent Iran from creating a nuclear weapon . " The President defended the interim deal , saying in San Francisco on Monday that the United States "  can not close the door on diplomacy . " "  Tough talk and bluster may be the easy thing to do politically , but it 's not the right thing to do for our security , " he said . Some Republican opponents in Washington agreed with Israeli officials , saying the plan will actually help in Iran 's alleged quest for a bomb . "  This agreement shows other rogue states that wish to go nuclear that you can obfuscate , cheat , and lie for a decade , and eventually the United States will tire and drop key demands , " Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida said . Netanyahu : obligation to defend Netanyahu adamantly distrusts Iran and decried the agreement as a "  historic mistake " Sunday . Now that sanctions are working , Netanyahu wants to see them tightened , not loosened , until Iran shuts down much of its nuclear capability . The agreement does not apply to Israel , he said Sunday . If need be , Israel will take matters into its own hands . "  The regime in Iran is dedicated to destroying Israel , and Israel has the right and obligation to defend itself with its own forces against every threat , " Netanyahu said . Israeli President Shimon Peres backed up Netanyahu , but also extended an olive branch . "  I would like to say to the Iranian people : You are not our enemies and we are not yours , " he said . "  There is a possibility to solve this issue diplomatically , " Peres said . Read the deal  PDF	Obama defends temporary deal , which limits Iran 's nuclear program Israel is sending a team to Washington to discuss the deal Sen. Graham threatens more sanctions , calls Iran 's leadership "  thuggish " Iran retains the right to enrich uranium but not above nuclear fuel level
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pakistan is optimistic about the Obama administration 's commitment to its region and will work with the United States on trying to root out extremism within its borders , Pakistan 's foreign minister said . Pakistani Foreign Minister Makhdoom Shah Mehmood Qureshi meets U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Following a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Pakistani Foreign Minister Makhdoom Shah Mehmood Qureshi cited a "  convergence of interests " between Washington and Islamabad and a "  willingness to work together . " "  I see a lot of hope in the new administration , the new leadership , and Pakistan is willing to work with the American administration to fight extremism and terrorism , " he said Tuesday . "  We are determined to defeat terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . " Qureshi is in Washington to take part in strategic review of U.S. policy to stabilize Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan . The effort is being led by South Asian security expert Bruce Reidel and Ambassador Richard Holbrooke , U.S. special envoy . Afghan Foreign Minister Rangin D. Spanta also was leading a delegation from his country to take part in the review . He and Qureshi will meet with both Clinton and Holbrooke this week . U.S. President Barack Obama and Clinton tapped Holbrooke as special representative for the two countries , a signal of how the new administration considers Afghanistan and Pakistan intertwined in any solution to the war in Afghanistan and the terrorist threat along their shared border . "  We are consulting very closely with the government of Pakistan on our strategic review of our way forward and I 'm very grateful for the minister 's advice and counsel , " Clinton said after meeting with Qureshi . Last week Obama announced he is sending another 17,000 troops to Afghanistan to fight a strengthening insurgency , which Obama has called the "  central front in our enduring struggle against terrorism and extremism . " The troops will be sent to southern Afghanistan , which borders Pakistan and is a haven for Taliban insurgents . Pakistani officials have expressed concern the deployment will push the Taliban across the border into Pakistan and further destabilize their country . The Obama administration is conducting several reviews of U.S. policy in Afghanistan , including a review by Gen. David Petraeus , the commander in the region . Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said the original mission in Afghanistan was "  too broad " and needs to be more "  realistic and focused " for the United States to succeed . Pakistan is engaged in its own effort against Taliban militants in its Northwest Frontier Provence . The militants , who effectively control the country 's Swat Valley , extended a cease-fire Tuesday as part of an agreement with the government , a deal the U.S. and NATO warn risks granting a safe haven to extremists near the Afghan border . Watch why the deal is being viewed as a capitulation " Swat Valley was once one of Pakistan 's biggest tourist destinations . It is situated near the Afghanistan border and about 186 miles  300 kilometers  from Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad . In recent months , militants have unleashed a wave of violence that has claimed hundreds of lives across the province . The militants want to require veils for women and beards for men and to ban music and television . The fighting has displaced nearly half of Swat 's population , officials said . The central government has long exerted little control in the area , but it launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out militants . As retaliation for the military presence , the Taliban carried out a series of deadly bombings , beheadings and kidnappings -- and said the attacks will continue until the troops pull out . The Taliban said Tuesday it was indefinitely extending a cease-fire Taliban leaders declared eight days ago after signing a controversial deal with the government to impose Islamic law , or Sharia , in the region . The Pakistani government 's decision now to negotiate with Pakistan has been met with international criticism . Holbrooke has said the Obama administration was "  troubled and confused " by the truce in Swat . Holbrooke and NATO officials have expressed concerns that such an accord could cede effective control of the Swat Valley to extremists .	Qureshi : "  I see a lot of hope in the new administration , the new leadership " He and Afghan foreign minister will meet with Clinton , Holbrooke this week U.S. troops will be sent to southern Afghanistan Taliban militants extend cease-fire as part of deal with Pakistan
CNN  -- In Brooklyn , a woman pushed a small grocery cart with a single bag inside . In it , a precious possession shielded from prying eyes : a red can filled with gasoline . In the wake of Superstorm Sandy , gasoline might as well be gold . "  It has become a hot commodity , so we did n't want to risk it , " she said . With lines snaking for blocks -- miles , even -- outside gas stations in New York and New Jersey , tensions occasionally flared as people waited for the chance to to pump gas into cars or gas cans . "  The situation is hectic , " said Terry Landers , a CNN iReporter in Lebanon , New Jersey . "  Many gas stations are either out of gas or  will be  soon . " The demand is high , and the fuel is n't just for empty car tanks . Many people still have no electricity and are using gasoline-powered generators , adding to the demand . Temperatures drops , tempers rise in power outage "  As word spreads that somewhere has gas , there are  lines of  cars as long or longer than the one in my video , " Landers said . Federal and state authorities acted on two fronts Friday to address the issues -- both to bring more fuel to the area , and to more fairly distribute what is already there . At President Barack Obama 's direction , the Defense Logistics Agency will buy up to 12 million gallons of unleaded fuel and up to 10 million gallons of diesel that will be moved on tanker trucks to replenish stocks in New York , New Jersey and other areas experiencing severe gas shortages . In order to ration and decrease wait times , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie signed an executive order Friday tying whether a driver gets gas to his or her license plate number . It goes into effect in 12 counties at noon Saturday . On days that end in even numbers -- such as November 4 , 6 or 8 -- gas station operators can sell gas to only those with license plates with a last digit that is even . On odd-digit days , such as November 3 , only those with plate numbers ending in an odd number or those with specialty plates can get gas . In New Jersey , only station attendants can pump gas . "  This system will ease the strain on those gas stations still operating , while we work to bring more online for the public to access fuel , in a manner that is fair , easy to understand and less stressful , " Christie said . 7 health risks after Sandy Mariangel Javier , who is nine months pregnant , said she had been waiting for more than five hours to fill up at a gas station in Union City , New Jersey . She had used what little gas she had left to drive to her last doctor 's appointment . "  But I did n't find out until I got there that they did n't have power either , so now I need gas to get back home , " she said . The gas station 's manager , Favhan Javed , has been working day and night alongside his staff to keep the station running and was confident that Javier would be able to fill up . "  I even stay until after midnight for my friends who are taxi and limousine drivers , because they have to feed their families , too , " he said . For the most part , people have remained remarkably cool . As a precaution , police are helping to keep the lines in order at some gas stations . In other areas , there was a sense of organized chaos that sometimes veered more toward disorder . At a station in Queens , New York , police arrested a man early Thursday after he cut in line and then pulled out a gun when he was challenged by other residents . Sandy roared ashore Monday night , knocking out power to millions of people , and flooding mass transit systems across the Northeast . Three days later , more than 1 million people in New York and 1.4 million in New Jersey are still without power . Powerless in New Jersey The demand for gasoline is only going to rise , with New York 's subway system still out of commission -- meaning more people are forced to travel by car -- and a forecast of cold weather for New York and New Jersey this weekend . Most major gas station chains , from ExxonMobil to Hess , were experiencing disruptions . In fact , some 60 % of gas stations tracked by AAA in New Jersey were not operational , according to the motorist group . In New York 's Long Island , that figure was 65 % . Economic impact of gas shortages CNN 's Christine Romans explained that a lot of the closed gas stations simply do n't have electricity to operate their pumps , while others can not get gasoline delivered to the station from the refinery because of blocked roads or other logistical problems created by the storm . And even with government efforts to address the problems , gas shortages could stretch "  though the weekend and into the next , " according to Matt Smith , an analyst for Summit Energy . To cope with the overwhelming demand , some stations limited their services to emergency vehicles only . Other stations only provided gas for people 's gas cans , and not their cars . Many gas stations set limits to how much gas each person could pump : maybe $ 20 , or maybe $ 50 . Desperate residents -- who at least had enough power to charge their mobile devices -- used social media to try to avoid long lines or empty gas stations . Twitter users in New Jersey created the hashtags #njgas and #njopen to provide real-time information on open gas stations , the length of the line , and any restrictions . "  Bp gas on French street near jersey ave in New Brunswick is open and line is less than 30 minutes , " tweeted @johnnymatson . "  This guy turned a blocked driveway into a business opp for those of us in line for gas , " tweeted @AmyMJ2 , along with an Instagram picture of a man smiling behind a table with two coffee dispensers . Some Twitter messages revealed that red gas cans were quickly becoming just as scarce as gasoline itself . Others offered some humorous perspective on the situation : Charles Leone , offered this : "  Some perspective . The NYC marathon winner will run the marathon in less time than the average  gas  lines . " In the end , NY marathon did n't feel right CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Aaron Smith and Cindy Rodriguez contributed to this report .	NEW : The feds will bring in 12 million gallons of unleaded gas to hard-hit areas NEW : New Jersey sets up a system linking license plate , to day gas is pumped Some New York , New Jersey residents waited over four hours to fill up cars , gas cans Those with mobile devices used Twitter for real-time information on gas lines
Washington  CNN  -- House Democrats voted Wednesday to make Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , their leader for the 112th Congress , overcoming objections from moderates who argued that she was partly responsible for the party 's overwhelming defeat at the polls two weeks ago . Republicans , who won a net gain of at least 61 seats in the elections , will control the House next year . They unanimously chose to be led once again by veteran Ohio Rep. John Boehner , now in line to inherit the speaker 's gavel from Pelosi . Pelosi turned back a challenge from North Carolina Rep. Heath Shuler , a member of the party 's diminished centrist "  Blue Dog " faction , in a 150-43 vote . The speaker -- now set to be House minority leader in January -- retained the solid support of party liberals , who have noted her fundraising prowess and past ability to lead congressional Democrats to power , among other things . An earlier motion to delay the Democratic leadership vote until December 8 was easily defeated in a 68-129 vote . Some rank-and-file members were seeking more time to "  fully understand the causes of our historic losses " in the midterm elections , according to the resolution . One senior Democratic aide called support for the resolution "  a proxy vote " against Pelosi . Addressing reporters after her election , Pelosi said the message Democrats got on Election Day is that people "  want jobs . " Chalking up Democratic losses to the 9.6 unemployment rate , she said Democrats would "  strive to work together , wherever possible , in a bipartisan way " on both job creation and deficit reduction . Pelosi brushed aside a question about her low national approval ratings . "  I 'd like to see what your  approval  ratings would be " if $ 75 million in negative ads had been spent against you , she told one reporter . Speaking earlier , Shuler claimed the Democratic leadership contest "  was n't about winning or losing . " It was about ensuring "  moderates are heard within the -LSB- Democratic -RSB- caucus and that we have a seat at the table , " he said . Democrats avoided a contentious fight for the No. 2 slot between the more moderate Maryland Rep. Steny Hoyer -- the current House majority leader -- and the more liberal South Carolina Rep. James Clyburn , now the majority whip . Under a deal brokered by Pelosi , Hoyer will become the minority whip in the next Congress -- the second Democratic slot -- while Clyburn will serve as assistant leader , a newly created third Democratic position . Connecticut Rep. John Larson remains Democratic caucus chairman , with California Rep. Xavier Beccera rounding out the top leadership as caucus vice chair . Some defeated Blue Dog members argued that by retaining Pelosi and the rest of the current leadership , Democrats were making it tougher to recapture the House in the near future . Pelosi is "  the face that defeated us in this last election , " Florida Rep. Allen Boyd told CNN . "  It seems to me that at some point you have to put your personal agenda and ambitions aside for the good of the country and certainly the party . " "  I do n't know how we go into these districts like the one I represented ... and recruit good moderate Democrats if you have the same leadership , " he said . On the Republican side of the aisle , Boehner will be followed by Virginia Rep. Eric Cantor -- soon to be majority leader . California Rep. Kevin McCarthy is slated to become majority whip , with Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling filling the fourth slot . The massive 80-plus-member GOP freshman class will have two representatives in the party 's leadership -- South Dakota 's Kristi Noem and South Carolina 's Tim Scott -- one of two new African-American House Republicans . Boehner , who marked his 61st birthday Wednesday , will have to balance competing interests within the suddenly swollen ranks of his party 's caucus . The incoming speaker will have to work with the Obama administration on various legislative priorities while also placating Tea Party activists who won seats on a platform of opposing the White House and sticking to strict conservative principles . "  This is the dawn of a new majority , " Boehner said . "  One I believe will be humbler , wiser , and more focused than its predecessors on the priorities of the people . " "  And what  the people  want is a smaller , less costly , more accountable government , " he concluded . "  More jobs , less spending . It 's that simple . " CNN 's Ted Barrett , Alan Silverleib , Eliott McLaughlin , Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash , Evan Glass and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report	Rep. Nancy Pelosi wins election as the Democratic House leader Rep. John Boehner wins election as the GOP House leader -- and likely the next speaker Shuler calls his contest with Pelosi a fight to ensure Democratic moderates are heard Reps. Steny Hoyer and Jim Clyburn retain the second and third Democratic slots
CNN  -- Track and field star Tyson Gay was handed a one-year ban by the U.S. Anti Doping Agency  USADA  Friday and has had to return the silver medal he won at the 2012 London Olympics . Gay , a former world 100 and 200m champion , tested positive for a banned anabolic steroid at the U.S. Championships on June 23 , 2013 and his suspension takes effect from that date -- making him eligible to compete later this summer . The standard ban for a doping violation is two years , but Gay has been treated more leniently because he co-operated with USADA , it said . "  We appreciate Tyson doing the right thing by immediately withdrawing from competition once he was notified , accepting responsibility for his decisions , and fully and truthfully cooperating with us in our ongoing investigation into the circumstances surrounding his case , " USADA chief executive Travis T. Tygart told the organization 's official website . Gay , who has been one of Usain Bolt 's main rivals over the past few years , also accepted the forfeiture of all results and prizes dated back to July 15 , 2012 , when he first admitted using a product that contained a banned substance . That included his silver medal in the U.S. men 's 4x100m relay squad at the London Games , where they finished second to Bolt 's all-conquering Jamaican team . The shortened suspension length is subject to appeal by the IAAF and the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  but the International Olympic Committee  IOC  said it was satisfied with the punishment meted out to Gay . "  We note the athlete accepted responsibility for his actions and returned the medal from the London Olympic Games , " it said in a statement . "  The IOC supports clean athletes and defends the integrity of sport against those who cheat . We will take all necessary steps with regard to the Olympic Games in line with our zero tolerance policy , and our full commitment to the protection of the clean athletes . " Gay is the joint second fastest man over 100m in history behind Bolt , with a 9.69 seconds clocking . He won the triple of 100 , 200 and 4x100m relay gold at the 2007 world championships in Osaka . News of his positive test came on the same day that a similar outcome was revealed for former world 100m record holder Asafa Powell , shocking followers of track and field . Jamaica 's Powell received an 18-month ban for his doping offense .	Tyson Gay receives a one-year ban for doping offense Sprinter Gay tested positive for an anabolic steroid in 2013 Received shortened suspension for co-operating with authorities Gay won gold medal triple at 2007 World Championships
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States secretly shipped out of Iraq more than 500 tons of low-grade uranium dating back to the Saddam Hussein era , the Pentagon said Monday . In this 2003 photo , UN inspectors work at the nuclear facility in Iraq . The U.S. military spent $ 70 million ensuring the safe transportation of 550 metric tons of the uranium from Iraq to Canada , said Pentagon spokesman Brian Whitman . The shipment , which until recently was kept secret , involved a U.S. truck convoy , 37 cargo flights out of Baghdad to a transitional location , and then a transoceanic voyage on board a U.S.-government-owned ship designed to carry troops to a war zone , he said . The "  yellowcake " uranium transfer was requested by the Iraqi government at the encouragement of the U.S. government , Whitman said . The United States approached Canadian company Cameco to bid for the material , according Cameco spokesman Lyle Krahn . He would not disclose the winning bid amount . Krahn admitted that this was not a "  routine transaction , " but he said the agreement was approved by the Canadian government and was carefully monitored . The undertaking , named "  Operation McCall " by Pentagon officials , was in the planning stages for months and was completed Saturday after the material had been in transit for weeks , according to Whitman . He said yellowcake uranium is a commonly traded commodity used for nuclear power generation . It is not enriched and can not be used without first going through a complicated enrichment process , he said , but because of the unstable nature of Iraq , the United States and the Iraqi government decided it should be moved out of that country . Iraq has no nuclear power generating plants . The uranium was packed into 110 shipping containers moved by convoy from a facility in Tuwaitha , Iraq , about 12 miles south of Baghdad . The containers were first moved to the secure International Zone in central Baghdad and then to Baghdad International Airport , where thery were loaded onto C-17 cargo planes . It took 37 flights to move the shipping containers out of Iraq to a "  third country , " Whitman said . A Pentagon official who asked not to be named said that third country was Diego Garcia , a British territory in the Indian Ocean where the United Kingdom and the United States operate a joint military base . From that third country , Whitman said , the containers were loaded onto the SS Gopher State , a U.S.-owned crane ship normally used to haul equipment in and out of war zones . The ship carried the uranium to Canada , where it was bought by Cameco , a private firm . The uranium will be sent by truck to two processing plants in Ontario , Krahn said . Once it has been enriched for energy use it will be sold to power plant operators , he said . The United States is Cameco 's largest customer , Krahn said , but he did not specify if the Iraq yellowcake would ultimately end up in the United States . Whitman said the Department of Defense 's cost of securing and transporting the uranium from Tuwaitha to Canada was $ 70 million , and the government of Iraq had agreed in principal to reimburse the United States for part of that cost . He said he could not say how much Iraq intends to repay the United States .	Pentagon : U.S. secretly shipped Iraq 's low-grade uranium dating back to Hussein era Officials : U.S. military spent $ 70 million for the transport of materials to Canada "  Yellowcake " uranium transfer was requested by the Iraqi government
CNN  -- Billy Mays always let you know who you were talking to . OxiClean pitchman Billy Mays , king of the "  yell and sell " technique died Sunday morning at his home in Tampa . "  Billy Mays , here . " The 50-year-old became famous for hawking products like OxiClean  "  Powered by the air you breathe ! "  and Mighty Mendit  "  Before you throw it away , let Mighty Mendit save the day ! "  . You needed more space in your closet , Mays had a special hanger for that . You wanted to hang a picture without putting a hole in your wall , he had some supernatural putty you needed to know about . You had a spill ? One word . Zorbeez . "  I 'm a pitchman , my business comes from the pitch , nothing else , " Mays said recently in an interview with Portfolio . "  My voice , my likeness is my livelihood . That 's it . I keep it simple . I pick good products . " Mays died Sunday at his home near Tampa , Florida . The Hillsborough County medical examiner Dr. Vernard Adams said Monday that Mays had heart disease . Listen to the 911 call " Mays ' wife , Deborah Mays , released this statement Monday : "  While it provides some closure to learn that heart disease took Billy from us , it certainly does n't ease the enormous void that his death has created in our lives . " Handsome in a Brawny Towel Guy sort of way , Mays seemed to be as boisterous off camera as he was on , at least in interviews . He once compared his hands to "  weapons " for the way they would whip around a product like a fast-dancing showgirl . And even when he did n't feel like cracking a smile , he dug deep . "  When I 'm up against a wall , that 's when Billy Mays performs best , " he told a Fortune magazine writer earlier this year while driving his Bentley near his home . At the time , Mays ' bum hip was hurting him . He had his hip replaced last year and recently talked about using a special gel insole to help him with the pain -- another product he planned to push . How well does that work ? Mays had demonstrated it informally in interviews by wrapping his hand in the insole and whacking it with a hammer . That was just Mays : A sunshiny attitude and an "  I 've tried it " believability . Even on Saturday , less than a day before his wife found him dead in their home , Mays was cheerful as he described being conked on the head by falling luggage when his US Airways flight had a rough landing at Tampa International . "  I got ta hard head , " he said , shrugging . Watch Billy Mays smile and sell " Mays ' success in the $ 300 billion infomercial industry was his ability to come off sincere , a magical feat for what is , essentially , huckstering , said Marian Salzman , partner at advertising PR giant Porter Novelli . "  He was the everyday Burt Reynolds ; Burt in a next-door neighbor format , " she said . "  Burt Reynolds was not approachable , but Billy appealed to the ` Mrs. I Push My Cart in Wal-mart . ' Friend : "  No better pitchman on Earth " " "  He was that good looking guy at the end of the cul de sac that you could talk to , and even though you know he was going to talk a lot of nonsense , there was going to be an integrity in there . " Mays often told interviewers of being raised in Pennsylvania , where he played high school football . He left college and began pushing products on the boardwalk in Atlantic City , New Jersey , a vibrant scene a few decades ago . "  There 'd be one here , one there , you know , it 's just the knife , the slicer , the Vitamix , you know , the Washamatic , " Mays told ABC 's "  Nightline " in April . "  And there would be tons of people coming in and you just had to , you know , attack these people , stop them , you know , where they 're shopping and tell them the story and sell the product . " Perfecting what has been called the "  yell 'n sell , " Mays traveled around the country , selling various doohickeys and thingamabobs . He met another salesman , Max Appel , a guru of cleaning products , and the two forged a friendship . In 1996 , Appel scored a chance to go on the Home Shopping Network and wanted Mays to appear as the pitchman , according to Fortune . That was the day the wood cleaner Orange Glo was born , a golden road that ended in a $ 325 million pay day when Appel sold the company to Church & Dwight , the maker of OxiClean . Celebrity was on the horizon . In the late 1980s cable TV was taking off as a marketplace as segments of late night airtime were relatively cheap . There was a science to what would evolve as a cottage industry . Keep the pitches short and bright . Demonstrate , do n't describe . Noting the commercials air globally , Mays joked with Portfolio magazine that he speaks 57 languages . Affordability is an international language . "  I feel that the magic number on the infomercial , the two-minute spots , it 's kind of hard to get past $ 20 , " Mays told Portfolio . "  That seems to be the magic number . Or $ 19.95 . The best things in life are free and $ 19.95 . " Mays also knew how to make fun of himself , including in a series of promos for ESPN . "  Billy Mays here for ESPN360.com , the revolutionary tool for watching sports , " he shouts , crouching under a desk and pointing to a cable . "  The secret is in the Internet connection live sports travel on this wire to the back of your desktop ! " Mays had recently starred in a Discovery channel reality show with fellow pitchman Anthony Sullivan , a Briton who has made many think , perhaps at 3 a.m. , that purchasing a Smart Chopper is the best move they 've made in months . Sullivan and Mays appeared together in a TV Guide television interview to talk about the show . "  America will realize that Billy does n't shout all the time , " Sullivan said . "  He has another volume . "	Billy Mays was "  Burt Reynolds in next-door format , " advertising expert says Mays started his career on the boardwalk of Atlantic City , New Jersey "  I 'm a pitchman , my business comes from the pitch , nothing else , " he said . Mays was found dead in his Tampa , Florida , home on Sunday
Washington  CNN  -- Stressing the unbreakable ties between their nations , U.S. President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called Tuesday for direct talks between Israel and the Palestinians while agreeing that the international community is strengthening efforts to isolate Iran over its nuclear ambitions . The two leaders spoke to reporters after meeting for more than an hour at the White House , twice shaking hands for the cameras as part of an effort to dispel the notion that relations between the United States and Israel have frayed in recent months . Obama said the bond between the United States and Israel is "  unbreakable " and added that his country remains "  unwavering in our commitment to Israel 's security . " Netanyahu chose to paraphrase American humorist Mark Twain by noting that reports of the demise of U.S.-Israeli relations "  are n't just premature , they 're just flat wrong . " The meeting , their fifth since Netanyahu took office last spring , focused on revitalizing the Middle East peace process as well as discussing other issues , including efforts to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear arsenal . Both Obama and Netanyahu stressed the importance of moving toward direct talks between Israelis and Palestinians . Presently , Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas are n't talking directly , but communicating through U.S. Middle East envoy George Mitchell , who serves as a go-between for negotiations . Netanyahu said Tuesday that he is ready for direct talks -- a step he has repeatedly endorsed in the past -- and indicated that progress in the peace process is coming . "  The president and I discussed concrete steps that could be done now -- in the coming days , in the coming weeks -- to move the peace process further along in a very robust way , " Netanyahu said . Abbas has refused to meet with Netanyahu until Israel promises to stop building settlements , but said last month after meeting with Obama that direct talks were the goal . Israel 's settlement policy has become a friction point between Israel and the United States , with relations reaching a low point in March when Israel announced plans during a visit by Vice President Joe Biden to construct more than 1,000 new houses in East Jerusalem . The announcement outraged the Obama administration and led to the Palestinians ' withdrawing from agreed-upon indirect negotiations with Israel . In a visit later in March to the United States , Netanyahu was presented with a set of concessions that the White House wanted to see Israel make in an effort to restart the negotiations . Neither government detailed what the exact nature of the concessions were , but sources on both sides said a halt in East Jerusalem construction was among the demands from the Obama administration . Neither leader mentioned settlements in their comments Tuesday or their responses to questions from reporters . However , Obama commended Israel for easing limits on goods going to Gaza , saying there had been "  real progress on the ground " that was happening "  more quickly and more effectively than many people anticipated . " The president said the United States wants to "  ensure the people of Gaza are able to prosper economically while Israel is able to maintain its legitimate security needs in not allowing missiles and weapons to get to Hamas . " In May , Israel 's controversial embargo blocking the flow of goods into Gaza turned deadly when Israeli forces stormed a vessel that was part of a Gaza-bound humanitarian flotilla , resulting in the deaths of nine Turkish activists . Aside from Israeli-Palestinian relations , many Israelis worry about Iran 's intentions with its nuclear program . Netanyahu noted that recent sanctions adopted by the U.N. Security Council are helping to delegitimize Iran 's nuclear program . The sanctions "  have teeth " and "  bite , " Netanyahu asserted , noting that the United States also has adopted more of its own sanctions against Iran . "  How much do you need to bite is something I can not answer now , but if other nations adopted similar sanctions , that would increase the effect , " he said . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen , Dan Lothian and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : Netanyahu hints at new steps soon on Middle East peace process President Obama , Prime Minister Netanyahu call for direct talks between Israel and Palestinians Obama , Netanyahu highlight unity against Iranian nuclear weapons Obama says U.S.-Israeli ties are unbreakable
OXFORD , Mississippi  CNN  -- Here , in what could be called the Fort Knox of dope , Mahmoud ElSohly waits patiently as an assistant unlocks the stainless steel door to a climate-controlled vault . Mahmoud ElSohly oversees the nation 's largest legal marijuana garden at the University of Mississippi . Once inside , under the gaze of security cameras and a blinking motion sensor , another scientist pries open the lid of a large cardboard barrel , opens a large plastic bag and digs his hand into the vat of meticulously manicured marijuana . We are in the Coy W. Waller Laboratory Complex on the campus of the University of Mississippi , getting a look at the only legal marijuana farm and production facility in the United States . This is the government 's "  cannabis drug repository . " This is the government 's stash . Since 1968 , the National Institute on Drug Abuse has contracted with the university lab to grow , harvest and process marijuana and to ship it to licensed facilities across the country for research purposes . The lab also collects samples of marijuana seized by police to determine its potency and to document national drug trends . Like a cask in a wine cellar , this barrel of marijuana is marked with the year of vintage . It is one of many in the room . ElSohly , the director of the lab , guesses that it holds 10 to 15 kilos , or about 22 to 33 pounds , of impeccably clean "  product . " Watch what the government 's growing " How much would this be worth on the street ? "  A lot , " he answers . He 's not being evasive . It 's just that the value of the marijuana , like the gold at Fort Knox , fluctuates wildly . And like the government gold , it is not for sale . So the question is academic and of little concern . But the security of the operation is of obvious concern . Earlier , amid blazingly green plants in the facility 's grow room , ElSohly gave us a Cliffs Notes rundown of the facility 's security . "  Within this building right here , " he said , "  we have seven different alarm systems . We have camera systems . We have cameras in this room . " Cameras , an aide tells us , that are monitored by the Drug Enforcement Agency in suburban Washington . The nearby fields , where the marijuana is grown , are double fenced , ElSohly said . The fields are empty now , awaiting the National Institute on Drug Abuse 's next order . But when a crop is in growing , armed guards are posted around the clock in the low guard towers . And everywhere , there are locked doors . Keyed locks and push-button locks . Locks are as omnipresent as the skunk-like smell of raw marijuana . In the past few years , we have seen marijuana from an array of perspectives on the government 's side of the war on drugs . On the northern border , we 've flown with Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials in the Cascade Mountains , retracing the path of smugglers who flew helicopters dangerously weighed down with bundles of "  B.C. Bud " through mountain gaps to avoid detection . On the southern border , we 've been escorted into an old jail cell to see 3 tons of marijuana seized the previous night and talked to border agents about the seizure . They were nonchalant . And last year , far from either border , we accompanied drug czar John Walters on a trip to a national forest where a drug cartel had a 10,000-plant garden . So the sight of mega-quantities of marijuana is not new to us . But this is the first time we 've seen a taxpayer-funded marijuana garden . And the incongruous feature is n't necessary the sight of government-sanction plants but rather the lengths taken to protect it from the world beyond the double fence , where , of course , marijuana is abundant . Inside the lab , scientists tend to about 500 plants . Outside the fence , police found 6,000 plants in 10 Napa County , California , homes in 2007 . Inside the fence , the government processed 400 kilograms -- about 880 pounds -- of marijuana during its last harvest in 2007 . Outside the fence , police eradicated more than 5.2 million plants on public and private lands in California alone last year . Of course , marijuana inside the fence has added value as a scientific tool . Researchers know the genetic makeup of the plants , and that is essential if you 're studying the impact of a drug that , with 14.8 million users , is the most widely used illicit drug in the country . And that 's what brought us to the lab in the first place . The government was announcing that the average potency of marijuana outside the fence has reached a landmark record level . Although street marijuana in the early 1980s had an average strength of 4 percent tetrahydrocannabinol -- the drug 's primary psychoactive ingredient -- the average was 10.1 percent last year , the government announced . Mexican drug cartels now control about 90 percent of the marijuana smuggled into the United States , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration . The marijuana is of lower quality and is mostly sold in urban areas , a spokesman said . The marijuana coming across the southwest border , traditionally a source of low-potency drugs , has increased in strength from a median potency of 4.8 percent in 2003 to 7.3 percent in 2007 . As a consequence , inexperienced or young marijuana users may be more prone to overdose , federal officials say . And users hoping to achieve a state of euphoria may experience dysphoria , a state of anxiety and irritability , and perhaps other ill effects . Legalization advocates argue that the government could require THC content labels on marijuana , much like alcohol is labeled , so users could regulate their intake . The government knows about the average THC levels of street drugs because of work done at the University of Mississippi lab . That work begins with Susan Foster , a lab employee . It is Foster 's job to receive shipments of marijuana from crime labs across the country . Foster assigns each bag -- typically containing 25 grams -- a computer tracking number . It is spring , so the workload is increasing , Foster says . In April , the lab received between 300 and 400 samples . But 500 samples is not uncommon during summer months , she says . Other lab workers "  manicure " the drug , removing seeds and stems , and put the clean drug in small beakers . A solution is added , and the liquid is gasified and analyzed by four machines . Ultimately , a computer screen displays the chemical composition of the samples . "  The highest -LSB- THC level -RSB- that I 've ever seen was in excess of 30 percent , " ElSohly said , adding that such high potency is rare . But potent dope is becoming more plentiful . "  I predict that the potency will continue to go up simply because there are still a lot of samples that are 3 percent and 4 percent and 5 percent , " ElSohly says . "  What I expect in the future is that more and more will be 9 percent and higher , so the potency on the average will continue to get higher . "  But there 's obviously a physical limit to how much THC the plant can produce , " he said . So ElSohly predicts that potency will plateau at 15 to 16 percent , probably in the next five to 10 years . ElSohly said he personally opposes the legalization of marijuana for recreational use , believing that it would increase abuse of the drug . But he says that it has medical benefits for cancer patients and others but that smoking the drug is a poor means of medicating a person . His first effort to develop a pharmaceutically acceptable means of delivering the drug flopped , he says . His delivery device : a suppository . "  People really do n't like suppositories , so it really did n't make it on the market , " he said . He is now developing a delivery method that works like a skin patch but tucked into the mouth . In January , a DEA administrator turned down an application by a Massachusetts man to open a second facility to grow marijuana for research purposes . The DEA said professor Lyle Craker failed to show that the "  longstanding existing system in the United States of producing and distributing research-grade marijuana ... is inadequate . " It also objected to Craker 's sponsor , saying the sponsor 's "  past and ongoing " use of marijuana "  is unacceptable for anyone seeking to have a prominent role in overseeing " a marijuana farm . Craker is appealing the decision . So for now , the Mississippi farm remains the only legal marijuana farm in the U.S. And ElSohly has no plans to endanger that arrangement . "  I want to ask what your Christmas parties are like , " he is told . He deadpans : "  No smoking . "	University of Mississippi lab is home to the nation 's only legal pot farm The U.S. government grows marijuana , tests its potency Study finds percentage of psychoactive ingredient in pot on the rise Mexican cartels control most U.S. pot , but it 's lower quality
CNN  -- The Pap test , the gold standard for detecting cervical cancer for 60 years , may be losing its luster . An FDA advisory committee unanimously recommended this week that a particular HPV test become the first line of screening for the deadly disease . The test developed by Roche detects the DNA of the human papillomavirus , or HPV , which is the cause of more than 99 % of all cervical cancers . The Pap test is designed to look for abnormal squamous cells that could indicate cervical cancer . Both tests are performed with a vaginal swab . Up until now , the Pap was the first test women had to detect the illness , with the HPV test as a second analysis . But if the FDA follows the advisory committee 's recommendations , that would change . The committee , which voted unanimously to make the switch , would only allow the Roche cobas test to be used alone as the primary evaluation for women 25 years and older . Although there are other HPV tests available , the Roche test detects two strains of the virus that are found in 70 % of all cervical cancers . "  Every year , 12,000 women are diagnosed in the U.S. with cervical cancer . This is especially tragic because cervical cancer is a largely preventable disease , and it is well established that HPV is the cause of almost all cervical cancers worldwide . Women need better access to screening tools that include primary HPV screening in order to reduce their risk of developing cervical cancer , " said Dr. Thomas Wright Jr. , an expert in gynecology and pathology at Columbia University Medical Center . "  I am pleased that the FDA panel recognized the importance of validated , scientific evidence documenting the use of primary HPV screening to detect women at risk of invasive cervical cancer and allow us to prevent cervical cancer from developing . " This does not mean the Pap test will go away . It will really be up to the physician and the patient on how best to handle testing . But according to women 's health experts , in most cases , patients who do n't have HPV are less likely to need a Pap , which is why the advisory committee felt it best to recommend the Roche test be administered as the first form of detection . "  I think anytime guidelines are changed , it becomes confusing for both patients and physicians . And we 're going to have to do more research on what 's best , " said Dr. Angela Marshall , director of Comprehensive Women 's Health of Maryland . "  But the fact that the FDA is looking to make these changes says we 've made great strides in detecting and treating cervical cancer . " Many physicians are viewing the recommendations with caution . "  Use of the Pap test and HPV test in tandem , or co-testing , is currently the preferred method of cervical cancer screening in women over 30 , so ob-gyns generally use the combination . The use of the HPV test as a first-line screen is promising , and appears better than the Pap test used by itself . The real question is how it compares to co-testing , which is not yet clear , " said Dr. David Chelmow of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the Virginia Commonwealth University Medical Center . Chelmow also spoke on behalf of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists at the advisory committee meeting . "  About half of the cervical cancers diagnosed in the United States are found in women who were never screened for the disease . At this time , primary screening is not part of any of the generally used clinical practice guidelines . " Current U.S. guidelines for cervical cancer detection recommend that women between age 30 and 65 undergo the Pap test alone every three years , or both the HPV and the Pap tests every five years . Although the FDA does not have to follow the recommendations of its advisory committee , in most cases it does .	FDA Advisory committee says a particular HPV test should be first line of screening Pap test has been first way to diagnose cervical cancer for 60 years Women 's health experts say patients who do n't have HPV are less likely to need a Pap
