Hong Kong  CNN  -- In a country that restricts gambling as much as China , it 's become a running cultural joke that soccer betting is an endemic multi-billion yuan business . A cheeky group of contemporary artists -- the Yangjiang Group -- has almost made an industry from lampooning the Chinese love of illegal soccer gambling . With artworks like "  Soccer Gambling -- Fiercer than a Tiger , " a title swiped from a local newspaper headline , or pamphlets that at first glance look like Taoist temple augurs that are really thinly disguised soccer predictions , the artists ' work attempts to show how much illegal betting is now part of Chinese cultural life . The advent of the internet coupled with millions of illegal Chinese gamblers coming on stream has seriously skewed the market in soccer gambling . Europol 's revelations that hundreds of matches have been fixed may have hit the industry in Europe , but will come as no surprise in soccer betting-crazy China . Declan Hill , in his 2008 book on match-fixing , The Fix , quoted "  a recent study for the American journal Foreign Policy -LSB- that -RSB- estimated the entire Asian gambling industry , both legal and illegal , at $ 450 billion a year . " Analysts say sums like these are equal to 20 times the revenues of all of European professional football leagues put together -- a situation that has made match-fixing a global and , some argue , mature and stable industry . Dutch police researching corruption in professional football in 2009 identified groups dubbed "  belchinezen " or "  phone Chinese " -- groups of people of Asian descent standing in near-empty stadiums of even youth league matches phoning in results for gambling companies in China or South East Asia . Dutch police said though they had no laws to act against illicit betting couriers . On Monday though Europol dropped the bombshell that its five-country probe identified 680 suspicious matches , putting the integrity of football at stake . "  It is clear to us that this is the biggest investigation ever into suspected match fixing , " Europol chief Rob Wainwright told a news conference in The Hague , adding that the fall-out hit at the heart of the world game 's reputation . "  It is the work of a sophisticated organized crime syndicate based in Asia and working with criminal facilitators around Europe , " said Wainwright . He added : "  Matchfixing is a significant threat to football ... involving a broad community of actors . Illegal profits are being made that threatens the very fabric of the game " Hill has identified Singapore as the center of Asian illegal soccer betting . He told CNN that while convictions in Europe were encouraging , the key was in getting Asian police to make arrests as well . "  If you really want to wrap this up , you 've got to go to Singapore , " Hill said . Grant Wahl , a senior writer at Sport Illustrated , told CNN there were many methods for fixing and throwing even major league soccer matches . "  There 's different ways of doing it , " Wahl said . "  One way is to convince players to go out on the field and do things to impact the game -- whether that 's saving goals , or whether that 's doing things that alter the final result . "  But there are other ways to do that too . If you are presenting yourself as a promoter and you 're trying to fix a game you can set up an international friendly by paying the national federations and you can put the referee out there and then the ref is someone that can be controlled and can call a penalty or not at a certain point in the game . "	Illicit soccer gambling in China is endemic and worth billions of yuan Europol says five-country probe has identified 380 suspicious matches Internet and millions of Chinese betters has influenced match-fixing , analysts say Singapore has been idenitifed as base for illegal soccer betting
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama huddled with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and other top military advisers at the White House on Friday as the administration continued its sweeping review of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan . Each branch of the armed services was given a direct opportunity to tell Obama the effect on the military if a large number of additional forces are sent to Afghanistan , two military sources told CNN 's Barbara Starr . The meeting was the seventh in a series of high-level discussions being held in part to forge a consensus on how best to confront Taliban and al Qaeda militants threatening the governments of Afghanistan and Pakistan . "  The president wants to get input from different services , " White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said earlier this week . "  It 's a chance to consult with uniformed military leadership as a part of his -LSB- Afghanistan-Pakistan -RSB- review . " The potential for a major expansion of the number of U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan comes with some misgivings from the military chiefs . The Army and Marine Corps have expressed concerns that it could make it tougher to give troops promised time at home with their families between overseas tours . The White House strategy review is being conducted against a backdrop of rising U.S. casualties in Afghanistan and increased Taliban violence . October has already become the deadliest month for U.S. forces since the war began in late 2001 , with the deaths of 56 American troops . Taliban militants have become increasingly bold . This week , they attacked a U.N. guesthouse in central Kabul , killing five U.N. staff members . There also is political turmoil surrounding a planned November 7 Afghan presidential election runoff . On Friday , a source close to the Afghan leadership told CNN that President Hamid Karzai 's runoff opponent , Abdullah Abdullah , would withdraw from the race . The presidential campaign has become increasingly contentious as Abdullah demanded the removal of the country 's election chief and 200 other staffers of the election commission to ensure a fair runoff . Abdullah and others have charged that massive fraud occurred in the first round of voting on August 20 . The initial results gave Karzai the win , but a subsequent review by a U.N.-backed panel of election monitors threw out nearly one-third of Karzai 's votes because of "  clear and convincing evidence of fraud . " The result left Karzai short of the 50 percent needed to avoid a runoff . After a flurry of meetings with U.S. and U.N. officials , the Afghan president agreed to the runoff .	Obama meets with national security advisers on Afghanistan Obama weighing whether to send additional troops to war zone Army , Marine Corps say increase will affect promised time off for troops Meeting comes amid rise in U.S. troop casualties , political turmoil
Under the watchful gaze of one monarch , a new king was crowned at Epsom Downs Saturday as the Aidan O'Brien-trained Ruler of the World dominated rivals to claim England 's most prestigious race , the Epsom Derby . But it was a day of disappointment for the pre-race favorite , Godolphin-owned Dawn Approach , who failed in his quest to add the Derby to his 2,000 Guineas triumph last month . Queen Elizabeth , a regular Derby attendee , was among those who had gathered to see Dawn Approach attempt to become the 38th horse to win the first two legs of English racing 's Triple Crown . But his race was over within the first furlong as the Jim Bolger-trained colt appeared to crack under the pressure of a tactical early pace , pulling fiercely from the start and refusing to settle for jockey Kevin Manning . After briefly hitting the front at the mile marker , the son of 2008 Epsom Derby winner New Approach faded badly and eventually finished second from last . His connections conceded it would probably be his last outing over a mile and a half . But it was a different story for Ruler of the World , rated at 7/1 odds to win . Joseph O'Brien , Ballydoyle 's stable jockey and son of the trainer , had opted to ride the equally immodestly named Battle of Marengo , leaving the way clear for Ryan Moore to claim the ride on Ruler of the World . Moore 's faith in the chestnut colt paid off as he blasted home by one and a half lengths from a strong-finishing Libertarian , winner of last month 's Dante Stakes . Galileo Rock was just a short head behind in third , with Battle of Marengo next to finish . Acknowledging the first part of the race had been "  messy , " Moore said that Ruler of the World had quickened well rounding Tattenham Corner , adding that he thought the horse could get an even further trip in the future . "  He has got a real , likeable attitude , " Moore said . "  You have got to give credit to the horse . He really toughed it out and showed a very good attitude . " O'Brien thanked the horse 's owners , John and Sue Magnier , Michael Tabor and Derrick Smith . "  We are so lucky to be in the position that we are in , to get such horses , " he said . "  They are incredibly bred horses and , even before they are mated , the dream is for this to happen . " Ruler of the World 's triumph gave the Irish trainer a second consecutive win in this race and a fourth in total , while Moore has previously won on Workforce in 2010 . A son of super sire Galileo , Ruler of the World was , unusually , not raced at two years old . He is the first horse in such a position to win the Derby since 1993 , and has enjoyed an undefeated three-year-old campaign over distances from 10 furlongs to a mile and a half . His performance over the demanding Epsom course on just his third start suggests there could be plenty more to come from a horse whose very name seems to betoken greatness .	Ruler of the World ends Dawn Approach 's hopes of English Triple Crown Rated at 7/1 odds , he wins by one and a half lengths from Libertarian 2,000 Guineas victor Dawn Approach , son of the 2008 victor , fades to second last Epsom Derby is England 's most prestigious race and second leg of Triple Crown
CNN  -- Things are finally looking up for beleaguered Boeing and its grounded 787 Dreamliner . The Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  on Tuesday approved the United States aircraft maker 's proposed fix of the battery systems on the passenger jet once hyped as the "  plane of the future . " What this means is the world 's largest airplane maker still has to prove its redesign of the plane 's lithium-ion battery system is safe before the 787s can again take to the skies . "  The certification plan is the first step in the process to evaluate the 787 's return to flight and requires Boeing to conduct extensive testing and analysis to demonstrate compliance with the applicable safety regulations and special conditions , " the FAA said in a statement released Tuesday . In other words , now comes the hard part . No smoking gun in NTSB report on Dreamliner battery fire "  This is no means the end of the story . Now it has permission to operate test flights . These will be lengthy and thorough and the FAA and National Transportation Safety Board will have to be 100 percent confident the fix is sufficient before it allows the aircraft to fly again commercially , " said industry expert Tom Ballantyne , the Sydney-based chief correspondent for Orient Aviation . "  This could still take a month or two , depending on how easy the fix can be applied to existing aircraft as well as planes already on the production line . " Boeing 's Dreamliner nightmare started in January when the company 's newest and most advanced commercial jetliner was grounded by regulators worldwide after two battery-related fires damaged 787s in Boston and in Japan . No passengers or crew were hurt in either incident . For now , there are 50 grounded Dreamliner wide bodies that were flying worldwide . Boeing has orders for several hundred more , making the issue a top priority given all the investment that 's been put into the model 's development . Japan 's ANA replaced faulty batteries last year What is the fix ? This is how Boeing is planning to address the battery issue . To put it simply , the plan includes a redesign of internal battery components to minimize chances of a short circuit . It also involves better insulation of battery cells and adding a new containment and venting system aimed at preventing any overheating from affecting the plane or being noticed by passengers , Boeing said . "  This means if there is an issue any heat , smoke and fire will be well contained and vented outside the aircraft , " explained Ballantyne . The FAA 's approval of the plan allows for limited test flights for two aircraft equipped with prototype versions of the battery fix . Once the FAA decides the redesign is safe and meets federal safety requirements , only then will it approve the Dreamliner 's return to the skies . How Boeing can bounce back "  This comprehensive series of tests will show us whether the proposed battery improvements will work as designed , " said U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . "  We wo n't allow the plane to return to service unless we 're satisfied that the new design ensures the safety of the aircraft and its passengers . " Ray Conner , president and chief executive officer of Boeing 's commercial airplane unit , said in a statement the company 's focus has been on developing a permanent resolution . "  Working with internal and external experts in battery technology , we have proposed a comprehensive set of solutions designed to significantly minimize the potential for battery failure while ensuring that no battery event affects the continued safe operation of the airplane , " said Conner . "  We have a great deal of confidence in our solution set and the process for certifying it , " he said . More positives for Boeing The news comes on the heels of other positive developments that have boosted Boeing 's falling star in recent weeks . The airline maker is reportedly ready to sell a new version of its 777 jetliner , dubbed the 777x . According to Aviation Week , Boeing 's board of directors is expected to decide as early as its next meeting in April whether to give the Commercial Airplanes division authority to offer the proposed 777X derivative to airlines . In other news , there are rumors Irish low-cost airline Ryanair will soon announce an US$ 18 billion deal to purchase up to 200 737 jets from Boeing , pushing the latter 's stock up to a five-year high . CNN 's Karla Cripps contributed to this report .	Boeing will redesign battery system and conduct new tests , says it is confident Analyst : Tests will need to be lengthy and thorough May still take months before commercial Dreamliner flights resume Boeing 's 787 was grounded in January after two battery fires
CNN Student News  -- Introduction September 17 , 2008 marks the 221st birthday of our government . On this date in 1787 , 39 men changed the course of history by signing the U.S. Constitution . But this document is not just some relic of the past -- it continues to guide the way we live our lives . Each time there is a case that addresses the roles of the U.S. government or the rights of its people , the courts interpret the words written in the U.S. Constitution to determine whether the law is in accordance with the Constitution . . This CNN Student News One-Sheet examines some connections between four contemporary issues and the U.S. Constitution . Federal Elections and Office Requirements In November , all 435 seats in the House of Representatives , 35 seats in the Senate , and the presidency are up for election . Can just anyone run for these offices ? No . To serve in the U.S. House of Representatives , a person must be at least 25 years old , be a U.S. citizen for at least seven years , and live in the state he or she will represent . To serve in the Senate , a person must be at least 30 years old , be a citizen for at least nine years , and live in the state he or she will represent . To serve as president , a person must be "  a natural-born citizen " , at least 35 years old , and be a resident of the U.S. for at least 14 years . This year 's race for the White House has produced several milestones . Hillary Clinton is the first woman to win more than one state in the primaries . Barack Obama is the first black Presidential nominee . Sarah Palin is the first Republican female vice-presidential candidate . If John McCain wins the presidency , he will become the oldest non-incumbent ever elected president . U.S. Constitution Connection : Which part of the U.S. Constitution tells us the qualifications for members of the House of Representatives and the Senate ? Article I . It also tells us how long the terms are for each office and its duties . Which section of the U.S. Constitution describes the qualifications and duties of the executive branch ? Article II . It also defines the Electoral College , which selects the president . Immigration One of the constitutional issues that you 've heard a lot about in the news lately is immigration , or the process of coming into the U.S. Immigrants come to the U.S. for a variety of reasons : Some want to escape political or religious persecution ; some come to the U.S. to work ; others come here for an education . Some immigrants enter the U.S. through legal means , with the paperwork that the U.S. government requires . Others enter illegally . The main difference between an immigrant and a U.S. citizen is that a citizen can vote and hold office . But an immigrant can become a citizen through a process called naturalization . Who decides what rights immigrants have and what laws restrict immigration ? That 's up to Congress . This past spring and summer , there was much debate in Congress over immigration , and there were demonstrations around the U.S. on both sides of the issue . U.S. Constitution Connection : Which amendment to the U.S. Constitution defines citizenship ? The 14th Amendment , ratified in 1868 , defines U.S. citizens as "  all persons born or naturalized in the United States . " Gun Control From 1976 until this year , Washington , D.C. did not allow residents to own handguns . The Supreme Court struck down the ban in June with the District of Columbia v. Heller decision . The Court decided that the U.S. Constitution does guarantee an individual the right to own firearms . However , this does not mean that all gun regulation is unconstitutional . U.S. Constitution Connection : What part of the U.S. Constitution is at the heart of the gun control debate ? The Second Amendment states , "  A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed . " Many who favor gun control interpret this amendment to mean that states shall keep militias , but that an individual 's rights to own firearms may be restricted . Gun rights advocates argue that this amendment ensures individuals the right to own firearms without restrictions . Habeas Corpus Habeas corpus provides detainees with the right to question the reason for their detention . Do suspected terrorists and foreign fighters held by the U.S. military at Guantanamo Bay retain this right ? In 2006 , Congress passed the Military Commissions Act that stripped detainees of their habeas corpus rights by declaring that these prisoners are not within the federal courts ' jurisdiction , and that the leased military base in Cuba is outside U.S. borders . Federal courts affirmed the MCA . In June , the Supreme Court overturned the lower court 's decision , ruling that Guantanamo Bay is within the jurisdiction of U.S. law , and that foreign prisoners held by the U.S. military do have a right to challenge their detention in U.S. civilian courts . U.S. Constitution Connection : What part of the U.S. Constitution rules on habeas corpus ? Article I not only defines the duties of Congress , but also the limitations placed on it . Sources : CNN.com , The Constitution Center	Use this One-Sheet to help your students understand the U.S. Constitution Contentious issues have cropped up throughout America 's history These issues from 2008 revolve around the U.S. Constitution
CNN  -- Al Qaeda 's central leadership and its ability to direct operations from beyond its base in Pakistan has diminished , but its affiliate organizations , along with other terror groups , have grown more dangerous , according to a new report from the State Department . "  The terrorist threat continued to evolve rapidly in 2013 , with an increasing number of groups around the world - including both AQ affiliates and other terrorist organizations - posing a threat to the United States , our allies , and our interests , " the annual report on global terrrorism trends found . In the report , the State Department said ongoing efforts to degrade and eliminate the organization led by Ayman al-Zawahiri have "  accelerated the decentralization " of al Qaeda . But those steps have led to groups like its affiliate in Yemen , Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , to take advantage of conditions on the ground to "  broaden and deepen their operations , " become more autonomous and focus on their own goals of attacking the United States and other western governments . Zawahiri has experienced difficulty in commanding influence and ordering directives throughout the group 's affiliate structure , the report said , noting an increase in violent attacks by affiliate groups against civilian populations in their areas of operations . In addition to the more deadly attacks , the decentralization of al-Qaeda has led affiliates to increase their financial independence through increased kidnappings for ransom and criminal activity like extortion and credit card fraud , the report found . Al-Zawahiri : Followers should ` capture Westerners ' According to the report , al Qaeda in Yemen is among the most lethal of the affiliate groups and "  continues to pose the most significant threat to the United States and U.S. citizens and interests in Yemen . " The group 's leader , Nasir Wahishi , recently elevated to the No. 2 position in al Qaeda 's larger network , carried out more than 100 attacks in Yemen in 2013 . It continues its focus of directing attacks at the U.S. homeland like the failed 2009 attempt to take down a jetliner over Detroit with the "  Underwear Bomber . " The group has been in the crosshairs of the Yemeni government and U.S. counterterror efforts and was the focus of several military operations against its leadership following the release of a video that showed a large gathering of the group and its senior leadership . Terror attacks on the rise The report cited 9,707 terrorist attacks in 2013 , a 43 % increase from 2012 , according to statistics compiled by the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism . Attacks resulted in more than 17,800 deaths and more than 32,500 injuries . The majority took place in Afghanistan , India , Iraq , Nigeria , Pakistan , the Philippines , Somalia , Syria , Thailand and Yemen . Last year 's most lethal incidents were carried out by the Taliban in both Afghanistan and Pakistan , Nigeria 's Boko Haram , al Qaeda in Iraq , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , and ISIL , according to the report . Snowden 's impact Tina Kaidanow , the State Department 's top counterterrorism official , said the revelations by Edward Snowden of classified National Security Agency surveillance programs has degraded America 's ability to monitor and prevent terrorist activity . "  It has done damage to our intelligence efforts and it 's done damage to our ability to ensure that these groups do n't have eyesight on the way that we try and gain intelligence with respect to what they 're doing , " she said . "  So overall , know , it 's incredibly damaging when we have these kinds of leaks because , at the end of the day , these groups are better able to assess and judge how we obtain our information . " Syria , Iraq and Africa The civil war in Syria , with it 's increasing sectarian nature , also continues to be a magnet with "  thousands " of foreign fighters joining violent extremist groups to do battle for or against the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , the report found . It added that al-Qaeda linked groups , such as al-Nusrah Front and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , remain a serious threat . The Iraqi group , which has had some differences with core al-Qaeda and Zawahiri , was found in the report to have conducted some of the most lethal attacks in the world last year . While Iran and its Shia proxies led by the Lebanese terrorist group Hezbollah continue to support the al-Assad regime , many foreign jihadists are traveling to Syria to fight with al Qaeda-aligned groups like the Nusra Front . A number of governments are concerned those fighters will eventually return to their home countries to carry out attacks of their own . Next door in Iraq , a weak security environment in the western section of the country along with the de-stabilizing effects of the situation in Syria have allowed a former al Qaeda affiliate , the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , to move across the border with ease to conduct its own attacks . Terrorist groups operating in ungoverned areas of Africa also continue to pose a threat . While the report cites operations by al-Shabaab in east Africa , and terrorist groups operating in Nigeria , Mali and Algeria , the report also singles out Libya as an area of concern and instability . "  Libya 's porous borders , the weakness of Libya 's nascent security institutions , and large amounts of loose small arms create opportunities for violent extremists , " the report said .	State Department report says al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen particularly lethal Al Qaeda Central has had difficulty commanding influence and ordering directives The civil war in Syria continues to be a magnet for extremists NEW : Terror attacks increase in 2013 ; More than 9,700 recorded resulting in more than 17,800 deaths
CNN  -- A far-right party recorded the biggest ever share of the vote for a political party in Switzerland 's history on Monday , after a controversial campaign that blamed foreigners for much of the country 's crime . A Swiss People 's Party supporter waves a sticker featuring the Swiss flag during Sunday 's elections . The nationalist Swiss People 's Party headed by Christoph Blocher rode a wave of anti-immigration sentiment to gain 29 percent of the vote . The Green Party also scored well in Sunday 's vote winning 20 seats in the 200-seat National Council , Switzerland 's lower house of parliament . It previously held six seats , making this the Green Party 's best ever showing . The Social Democrats remain the second-largest party , despite dropping to 43 seats after gaining 19.5 percent of the vote , while the People 's Party added seven extra seats , taking its total to 62 . The nationalists dismissed criticism of their campaign -- derided as racist by leftist groups -- and insisted that they were only trying to address legitimate public concerns . "  Public security in Switzerland is in danger . We have a lot of foreigners committing crimes . And the Swiss people are very sensitive to that , " Gregor Rutz , the party 's Secretary General told CNN . The gains made by the nationalists will not result in radical changes to the make-up of the government , however , since Switzerland is run by a form of consensus politics . Under the Swiss system , a multi-party coalition runs the country by convention with ministers appointed from the main parties . Although the make-up of the government will stay almost unchanged , political analysts said the success of the People 's Party and its hostile rhetoric reflected a growing , but worrying trend in Switzerland . "  This may be a surprise for those outside of Switzerland but not for us , " Hans Hilter , a political scientist at Bern University , told CNN . "  This type of very negative campaigning has been a feature of previous campaigns by them  the People 's Party  and reflects concerns among a wide number of people that immigration levels are too high . " Foreigners comprise a quarter of the Swiss workforce and make up around 20 percent of the population of more than 7 million . The immigrant community is dominated by Albanians , Bosnians , and Turks , though most were denied a vote in Sunday 's election because of the difficulty of gaining Swiss citizenship . On the streets of this Alpine country , the polarizing campaign provoked accusations of racism against the Swiss People 's Party and rioting in the capital Bern . Blocher 's party was widely criticized after an ad campaign featuring a poster of a white sheep kicking a black sheep off the Swiss flag . The party also called for immigrant families to be thrown out of the country if their child committed a crime . In this usually tolerant country , the hardline approach proved popular as voters unhappy at rising immigration levels handed the Swiss People 's Party the best-ever election result , surpassing the Radical Democrats ' victory of 28 percent of the vote in 1919 . At the same time as the nationalist gains , the country elected its first black politician to the National Council , Ricardo Lumengo , who accused Blocher 's party of "  scapegoating " . "  They are showing that we foreigners are responsible for everything that is bad and we found that they are just simple arguments . We condemn it , " he told CNN . Lumengo , who came to Switzerland as an asylum seeker from Angola , added : "  It shows that in this country there is no social justice . A part of the population , they are living well , they have a good salary . But a big quantity of the population , they are living in the phenomenon of the working poor . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Nationalists ride anti-immigrant wave in Swiss elections to win record share Switzerland to be ruled by coalition under system of consensus government Swiss People 's Party called for a law to throw out entire immigrant families Greens , also in coaltion , make gains by appealing to environmental concerns
CNN  -- Around 1,000 people accused of being witches in Gambia have been locked up in secret detention centers and forced to drink a dangerous hallucinogenic potion , according to human rights organization Amnesty International . Amnesty claims Gambian President Yahya Jammeh , pictured in 2006 , invited "  witch doctors " to the West African nation . At least two people have died after drinking the liquid while many more have suffered serious kidney problems . Others suffered injuries as a result of being severely beaten , Amnesty said Wednesday as it called on authorities to "  put an immediate stop to the witch-hunting campaign . " Amnesty claimed Gambian President Yahya Jammeh had invited "  witch doctors " -- believed to be from neighboring Guinea -- to the West African nation following the death of his aunt . Jammeh , a former soldier who has ruled Gambia since leading a military coup in 1994 , is reported to believe that witchcraft was involved in her death , according to Amnesty . CNN contacted State House , the presidential residence in the Gambian capital , Banjul , but no-one was available to comment . "  I have no information , " a woman told CNN . Victims and their relatives tell Amnesty that "  witch doctors " accompanied by police , soldiers and security forces have been visiting villages and seizing people accused of being witches by force and at gunpoint . Members of Jammeh 's personal guard , known as "  green boys , " are also alleged to have taken part in the campaign . In the most recent incident on March 9 , 300 people from the village of Sintet were forced to go to a farm owned by Jammehk , Amnesty said . One of those seized said he had been held for five days and forced to drink "  dirty water " containing poisonous herbs which caused instant diarrhoea and vomiting . "  I experienced and witnessed such abuse and humiliation . I can not believe that this type of treatment is taking place in Gambia . It is from the dark ages , " the victim told Amnesty . Hundreds of Gambians have also fled to neighboring Senegal following attacks on their villages , according to Amnesty . It also said it was concerned that a prominent opposition lawmaker , Halifa Sallah , who was arrested earlier this month after investigating the witchcraft claims for a newspaper , could be at risk of being tortured while in custody . Halifa , a former presidential candidate , heads the People 's Democratic Organization of Independence and Socialism and is minority leader in Gambia 's national assembly .	Amnesty International : 1,000 seized in Gambia in "  witch-hunt " campaign Victims forced to drink dangerous hallucinogenic potion ; at least two have died Amnesty says Gambian President Yahya Jammeh is behind the campaign Jammeh reportedly believes witchcraft involved in aunt 's death , Amnesty says
President Barack Obama congratulated Michael Sam on Saturday for being the first openly gay football player taken in the National Football League draft , the White House said in a statement . "  From the playing field to the corporate boardroom , LGBT Americans prove everyday that you should be judged by what you do and not who you are , " Obama said . He also congratulated the NFL and the St. Louis Rams , the team that drafted Sam . Sam , an All-American defensive end who played for the University of Missouri , made history when he was picked by the Rams in the seventh and final round . He was the 249th of 256 players selected . The 24-year-old got the news by telephone from Rams ' coach Jeff Fisher , who told Sam : "  You are a Ram . The wait is finally over . " Sam , who was filmed by ESPN as he got the call , broke down in tears in the arms of his boyfriend . "  Thank you , " he could be heard saying to Fisher . Later , Sam took to Twitter to post a picture of himself , smiling . "  Thank you to the St. Louis Rams and the whole city of St. Louis , " he said in the post . "  I 'm using every  ounce  of this to achieve greatness !! " See Sam 's reaction St. Louis is only a two-hour drive from Columbia , home of the University of Missouri , where Sam starred . Besides being a first-team All-American , the 6-foot-2 , 260-pounder was named the co-defensive player of the year in the Southeastern Conference , widely considered college football 's best league . His fellow Tigers named him the team 's most valuable player . With those credentials , Sam was expected to be selected , but as the three-day draft wore on , there were questions whether he would . Fisher told ESPN that Sam was a player who was rated by the team as going much higher in the draft . "  We were n't going to miss the opportunity to add an outstanding player to our roster , " he said . In February , Sam came out in interviews with ESPN and The New York Times , a decision that raised questions about whether he had damaged his chances to play in the NFL . "  I came to tell the world I 'm an openly proud gay man , " he said in an interview with ESPN . Sam said he told his Missouri teammates in August and suffered no repercussions . He said he was surprised to discover many people in the media already knew he was gay . "  I understand how big this is , " Sam said in the ESPN interview . "  It 's a big deal . No one has done this before . And it 's kind of a nervous process , but I know what I want to be ... I want to be a football player in the NFL . " Sam also spoke about his sexual orientation to The New York Times , saying : "  I just want to make sure I could tell my story the way I want to tell it . I just want to own my truth . " At the start of the draft on Thursday , it appeared it was also on Sam 's mind . "  No matter what happen  s  these next few days , I will always cherish moments like this !!! , " he said in a post on Twitter . Sam 's draft was viewed as a barometer of whether the NFL was ready to accept an openly gay player . His selection is viewed as a bright spot for a league that has faced a host of criticism in recent months , from questions about the lack of minorities promoted to the number of players arrested for bad behavior . "  I think this is a good day , against the backdrop of what has happened in the NBA recently , " Margaret Hoover , a political commentator and gay rights activist , told CNN . The NFL Players Association also weighed in on Sam 's good news . "  We wish him the best of luck as we do all of the 2014 NFL Draft class , " said George Atallah , the association 's assistant executive director of external affairs . Other athletes have come out as gay , but they did n't have Sam 's profile . Among them are the NBA 's Jason Collins , the WNBA 's Brittney Griner , WWE 's Darren Young , UFC 's Liz Carmouche , MMA 's Fallon Fox and Major League Soccer 's Robbie Rogers . Of those athletes , Collins made the biggest media splash . "  I think it 's great . I 'm looking forward to seeing him play , " Collins , who plays for the Brooklyn Nets , told ESPN after the draft pick was announced . The road to football stardom was not an easy one for Sam , who graduated from Missouri in December . One of eight children , he grew up in Hitchcock , Texas , where he was raised primarily by his mother . At one point , he has said , he lived out of his mother 's car and briefly stayed with another family . Three of Sam 's siblings have died , including an older brother he saw die from a gunshot wound . Two of his brothers are serving prison sentences . Complete coverage : Rams pick Michael Sam NFL draft winners and losers	Obama also congratulated the NFL Sam was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the 7th round Sam played defense for the University of Missouri He came out in February , telling ESPN : "  I 'm an openly proud gay man "
CNN  -- Well , it was big . The Michael Jackson memorial service , where daughter Paris spoke briefly , was a big draw on TV and online . The biggest ever ? Probably not . Tuesday 's memorial service for Michael Jackson was expected to set some high marks for viewership -- and it did . But , based on information gathered by various meter-readers , it was no moon landing or Princess Diana funeral -- events whose audiences , by some reckonings , pushed 1 billion viewers . In the United States , the Jackson memorial aired during the late morning and afternoon , when most people are working . Nielsen , the television ratings service , said that 31.1 million watched : not as many as the Obama inauguration  38 million  but more than the 2009 "  American Idol " finale  28.8 million  . In all or in part , the program was aired on 19 U.S. television networks . In Europe , where the show aired in prime time , the memorial service also did well . The BBC reported that 5.2 million people watched the show on the network BBC2 , and 2 million more watched on the British networks Five and Sky News . The service also aired on channels in Germany , France , Australia and Japan , testifying to the King of Pop 's worldwide reach . But it was the Internet where the Jackson memorial really hit the heights . Global Web traffic ranged from 19 percent to 33 percent above normal during the event , according to Internet monitoring firm Akamai Technologies . CNN.com reported 9.7 million live video streams between midnight and 5 p.m. PT , as well as 81 million page views , according to internal data . Yahoo News had 5 million live video streams , according to the publication Media Life . The publication also reported that FoxNews.com and MSNBC.com combined for 6.4 million video streams . Anecdotally , Jackson also fared well . Jackson-related topics were highly ranked on Twitter , Google Trends and Alexa . Facebook , which partnered with CNN.com to let friends and family share commentary during the service , reported 800,000 status updates by 1 million users . The Obama inauguration , by contrast , had 600,000 status updates during the event , though there were 1.5 million for the day of the inauguration , according to TechCrunch . Jackson does outrank the president as the most popular person on Facebook , with 7.7 million fans , versus 6.4 million for Obama . In Los Angeles , the Jackson memorial proved to be less of a draw than locals had hoped -- or feared . Though the city staffed the area around the Staples Center , where the memorial was held , with 3,000 police officers -- 1,000 more than had been on hand for the Los Angeles Lakers ' victory parade -- the crowd without tickets may have numbered in the thousands , according to unofficial estimates , and not the hundreds of thousands that had been feared . Even inside the memorial , which was held at the Staples Center and the adjacent Nokia Theatre , not every seat of the 20,000 available appeared to be taken , according to CNN observations . The Jackson memorial also drew hundreds of fans , respectively , to gatherings in New York 's Times Square , Detroit 's Motown Historical Museum , London 's O2 Arena and a Tokyo Tower Records store . Jackson is still reigning on the music charts . According to Nielsen SoundScan , the singer had the two best-selling albums in the United States last week -- "  Thriller " and "  Number Ones " -- and 13 of the top 20 catalog albums . On iTunes , he has four of the top 10 songs on iTunes and four of the top 10 albums . Finally , where there 's a big event , there 's at least a little money to be made off the spectacle . At the Staples Center on Tuesday , vendors sold Michael Jackson T-shirts , artwork , decals and even beverages . For the real spectacle , though , one must turn to eBay , where there were at least 50,000 Michael Jackson-related items up for auction as of Wednesday afternoon . Among them : 1984 Topps trading cards  $ 15.50  , official memorial service programs  from $ 2.99 to at least $ 10,000 , some with wristbands and tickets  and even Web domain names -- one of which , MichaelJacksonForestLawnCemetery.com , can be yours for $ 650,000 . The Jackson magic may have been dominant Tuesday , but someone is obviously expecting it to continue for quite some time longer .	Michael Jackson memorial watched by 31.1 million in U.S. Show was a huge hit on Web , with traffic spiking up to 33 percent On eBay , Jackson items included programs from memorial service
CNN  -- Manchester City 's dreams of an English domestic treble were left in ruins Sunday as they fall victim for the second year in a row to Wigan in the FA Cup . Last year 's defeat in the final at Wembley preceded the departure of Roberto Mancini , but in many ways the 2-1 quarterfinal exit at their own Etihad Stadium was an even bigger giant killing feat . City under Manuel Pellegrini won the English League Cup at Wembley last weekend and are battling for the Premier League title , while Wigan have dropped to the second flight after being relegated following their own cup triumph . With fortunes revived under Uwe Rosler , who was a favorite son at Manchester City as a player , Wigan took the game to their illustrious opponents and led 2-0 through a first half penalty from Jordi Gomez and an early strike after the break from James Perch . City hit back with a goal from Samir Nasri , but in a frantic finish were unable to equalize as Wigan held out . Rosler , who has lifted Wigan from mid-table in the Championship to challenging for a playoff spot since taking over in December , hailed a "  tremendous performance " from his side . "  Obviously a lot of things have been written  about his return to City  and I kept my emotions under control and focused on the job in hand , but the players made it easy for me the way they performed , " he told BBC Radio Five Live . A stunned Pellegrini must now get his team ready for a midweek trip to Barcelona , trailing 2-0 from the first leg in the Champions League last 16 tie . "  We are going to try to win every match we play and we will see who scores more points in the Premier League , " the Chilean told BT Sport . "  It 's important for a big team , when you have a setback , you have to react quickly . " Wigan face another massive test in the semifinals where they were drawn to play EPL title challengers Arsenal , who beat Everton 4-1 Saturday . The other last four clash will see EPL new boys Hull City take on Sheffield United of the third flight . United beat Championship strugglers Charlton 2-0 in their quarterfinal clash , with Ryan Flynn and John Brayford scoring within two minutes in the second half . Hull accounted for Sunderland , who were attempting to reach Wembley for the second time this season after losing to Manchester City in last week 's League Cup final . David Meyler , who was at the center of the head-butting incident with Newcastle manager Alan Pardew last weekend in the EPL , scored Hull 's second in the 3-0 win . He duly made his point by going over to the corner flag to mimmick the incident .	Wigan beat Manchester City 2-1 in FA Cup quarterfinal Wigan beat same opponents in last year 's final at Wembley Will play Arsenal in semifinal clash Hull to take on Sheffield United in the other semifinal
CNN  -- Mambwe Kaemba fastens her helmet , pulls on her gloves and rides her red Yamaha motorcycle out of the courtyard of the Ministry of Health . She has already done the daily checks on her motorcycle . Yes , the chain is adjusted correctly , she has fuel and oil . She 's now set for a day vaccinating newborns . Her journey will take her over an unmade , potholed track that she has been trained to navigate with ease on her little bike . Kaemba is a health worker in Southern Province , Zambia . She serves about 6,000 people spread over a 20 kilometer area . The fact that she has any kind of transport at all marks her out as being very unusual . When we first met health workers like Kaemba , they told us that when they did n't have a bike -- which was most of the time -- or , when they have a bike and that it had broken down -- almost always -- they could n't do the job they had been trained for . The health workers who serve rural communities in Africa are some of the most dedicated people in the world . They do n't earn much money and often have to live hundreds of miles away from their families . They know that there are people in remote villages who need their help and , when they ca n't reach them , it 's a big burden for them to carry . Often they will walk . Walk for hours at a time . In the sun or rain , across tough terrain , carrying whatever they can manage . They arrive exhausted , knowing that they do not have long before they must return home . It was frustrating to see health workers like Kaemba unable to do their jobs , and women and children who struggle to walk for miles to reach a health center when they get sick . There were motorcycles and ambulances that were broken and rusting , simply because no one was trained on how to look after them properly . This was 20 years ago . The situation was unacceptable and made us angry . It is why we re-mortgaged our home and gave up our careers to start Riders for Health . We took big risks to develop an organization that would try to change the status quo . We knew we could make a difference . It would involve people getting their hands dirty and dealing with spanners and spark plugs and things not normally associated with health care . But this was just as important as investing billions of dollars in developing a new vaccine . Because if the vaccine never reaches the child , what good is it ? We started working with our friends and colleagues in the world of motorcycles . To this day , they continue to support our work . We also began working with ministries of health in African countries to put in place technicians , systems for delivering replacement parts and fuel , and training health workers how to look after their own bikes . For programs to be sustainable , they have to have their roots in the local communities . So all our program teams are led and staffed by local people . Riders for Health now has programs in seven countries , transforming health care for 14 million people . This is not charity -- it is a partnership between governments and an organization that can help them to better serve their people . The programs are designed so our partners , including ministries of health , pay for our services . By covering the full cost of running their vehicles , even at a not-for-profit rate , it means countries and their health workers are never without transport . They can budget for it accordingly , knowing exactly how much it will cost . For Kaemba , it means she can do her job well . Health workers like her can now reach far more people . And because they no longer have to walk so much they can spend more time with the people they are caring for . She might only be one woman , with one bike , but Kaemba is a symbol for health care across Africa . If every health worker had access to reliable transport we could reach every man , woman and child . We could transform lives and end deaths from the preventable diseases that kill millions of people each year . We could make sure health care reaches everyone , everywhere . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrea Coleman and Barry Coleman .	Andrea and Barry Coleman : Health workers in rural Africa need help Colemans : Without reliable transport , they could n't reach and care for the sick If every health worker had a working bike , we could transform lives , they say Colemans : We could end deaths from the preventable diseases that kill millions
CNN  -- This time , Paul the Octopus wo n't be able to predict the winner . In a World Cup already marked by stunning victories and catastrophic defeats , trying to guess the next World Cup champion is pretty much moot . Germany is riding high after annihilating host country Brazil 7-1 in their semifinal , a defeat so brutal that Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff said she 'd never imagined such a horror in her worst nightmares . Of course the Germans would love a repeat against Argentina . But if anyone can show grit and then calm under pressure , it 's the Argentinians . Their semifinal against the Netherlands came down to a heart-pounding penalty shootout , and Argentina 's 4-2 victory cemented the team 's first trip to the World Cup final in 24 years . Germans and Argentinians have faced each other in the World Cup finals twice before . Back when West Germany was still a country , it lost to Argentina in 1986 . Four years later , Argentina lost to West Germany in 1990 . Sadly , unlike the last World Cup in 2010 , there is no psychic cephalopod placing its bets on this year 's victor . In that tournament , Paul the Octopus correctly predicted the outcome of eight consecutive matches , dooming Germany 's hopes when he picked Spain in the semifinal and then also in the final . Paul died in his German aquarium later that year . No matter what happens Sunday , it 's unlikely either squad will be as heartbroken as host team Brazil . As if their semifinal demolition by Germany was n't humiliating enough , the Brazilians did n't score a single goal in their attempt at redemption during Saturday 's third-place match . The Dutch finished off the Brazilians , 3-0 . Follow the live blog CNN 's James Masters contributed to this report .	Argentina and Germany have met in the World Cup finals twice before Germany demolished host country Brazil in a 7-1 rout to get to the final Argentina defeated the Netherlands 4-2 after a penalty shootout to earn its spot
CNN  -- A poultry facility in southwest Missouri was quarantined after the discovery of a suspected case of bird flu , officials said . "  As a precaution , the poultry facility has been quarantined following preliminary results obtained during routine testing , " the Missouri Department of Agriculture said in a news release . Additional tests will authenticate the viral disease at the Polk County facility , the state said Wednesday , adding that it is extremely rare for humans to be affected by this type of bird flu . Cargill Corp. will euthanize up to 15,000 younger birds exposed to older turkeys that tested positive for bird flu antibodies , said Mike Martin , director of communications for the company . Martin said Thursday the older birds are being harvested at another Missouri location . Their meat poses no health risk , he said . Flocks within six miles of the facility are being tested . Test results may be back as early as Friday , Cargill said . "  At the time the tests were conducted , the birds had no symptoms of the avian influenza . However , the antibodies mean at some time , the animal immune systems responded to the avian influenza , " Martin said . "  The flu could have been present in the water , ground , air or transmitted by other migrating birds . " Cargill owns the birds but uses the farm under a contract , he said . "  This flu is not transferable to humans , " Martin said . "  The real concern is for animals and the flu not being spread to other animal herds . " The U.S Agriculture Department is monitoring the situation .	Probable case of bird flu found during routine testing at southwest Missouri facility Poultry facility is under quarantine during investigation State says it is extremely rare for humans to be affected by this type of bird flu Cargill Corp. says it will euthanize up to 15,000 turkeys
CNN  -- Like a magician in a blue shirt and white socks , James Riddle Hoffa stood outside the Machus Red Fox restaurant in Michigan on July 30 , 1975 , made a phone call , and vanished . Some people would later say he seemed nervous as he headed to a supposed meeting there with suspected mob bosses . Some would say they saw a mysterious car leaving the lot . But the one question no one has yet answered for investigators is the essential one : Where did he go ? Now , once again , as they have so many times before , FBI agents and other officers are digging . Once again , the lead has come from someone with ties to organized crime . And once again , the target is a nondescript field where Hoffa might ... just might ... be buried . All that changes is the details . Hoffa still fascinates after 40 years This time the story being told involves Hoffa being beaten with a shovel , and buried alive beneath the concrete slab of a now long-gone barn . Oakland County Sheriff Mike Burchard says , "  It is my fondest hope that we can give that closure not only to the Hoffa family but also to the community to stop tearing that scab off with every new lead and bring some conclusion . " Hoffa 's life came to its mysterious conclusion after decades of truly remarkable accomplishments . Born in Indiana , he became interested in organized labor as a teenager when he encountered unfair working conditions . As he grew into adulthood , he became more assertive about organizing unions , and gradually he became the leader of the Teamsters , transforming that union into a political juggernaut capable of making or breaking candidates . It was his passion . On a grainy old piece of film from the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in 1960 you can still see him in his office near the Capitol in Washington . He bristles when the reporter asks if he has any hobbies , like golfing . "  Seven days a week , " Hoffa says , "  I have more fun here working than anybody can have on a golf course or any sport you can name . " Hoffa 's bare-knuckled , win-at-all-costs approach to the union business , however , took him down some dark roads . He struck deals with organized crime leaders . He broke laws . And eventually he was sent to prison . In what looked like a sketchy -- if unproven -- deal for political support , President Richard Nixon pardoned him , and the Teamsters lined up behind Nixon 's successful reelection campaign . But even Nixon 's help came with a price : Hoffa was told he had to stay out of the union business . Still , Hoffa fought to regain his power anyway , and soon a lot of people in a lot of places arguably had reasons to want him gone . Then he was . And ever since , people have looked for him . More than a dozen times investigators have followed what are invariably described as "  credible " leads to a suspected Hoffa burial site . Michigan has produced the most locations , and Hoffafiles often refer to them by their distinguishing features , making conversation sound like a list of a Richard Stark novels : The Horse Farm Grave . The Dead Man 's Dumpster . New Jersey , with its long history of Wise Guys  cue the "  Sopranos " theme  has also excited attention in the hunt for Hoffa . One of the most popular theories is that he was encased in the cement of Giants Stadium . And on and on the theories go . He was sunk in the swamps of Florida . He was carted off to California . He was crushed in a car and shipped overseas with a load of scrap metal . Sometimes the possibilities seem as endless as the searches . All of this is not cheap . Based on the sticker price of just one search as analyzed by the Detroit News , it is not unreasonable to estimate that police agencies have spent well over $ 3 million trying to find this man . Or more to the point : his body . He was legally declared dead in 1982 , and even if he had been miraculously living incognito in Toledo all these years , he would be 100 years old . Strangely , there seems little debate about what most likely happened . True crime aficionados and authorities alike have long believed that Hoffa 's dreams of a comeback did not sit so well with mobsters who 'd settled into a new routine while Hoffa was away . And , they theorize , because he would not go into a quiet retirement , the "  muscle " showed up and retired him another way . The details are the problem . Precisely who did it ? Precisely how ? Police know you ca n't make much of a criminal case based on , "  We 're pretty sure he 's dead , and we 're pretty sure it was these guys . " Hoffa 's family has responded to the latest tip and search as they always do , by suggesting they hope it works . But 38 years after the man who was the ruling face of big labor disappeared in the clear light of day , no one has yet been able to throw aside the curtain , untangle the riddle , and declare "  We have found him . " For now , James Riddle Hoffa , is still hiding .	Since Jimmy Hoffa disappeared on July 30 , 1975 , the mystery has lingered Where did he go ? What -- and who -- was behind the vanishing act The latest search is on a nondescript field in Michigan It is just the most recent in a string of searches that stretches across nearly 4 decades
Beijing  CNN  -- Medical personnel and police responded Saturday to an explosion in a terminal of the Beijing Capital International Airport , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency said . A man set off homemade explosives inside the airport 's Terminal 3 , state television reported . The man was wounded , but no other injuries were immediately reported . The explosive used was black powder , the kind used in firecrackers , state television said . The man , identified as Ji Zhongxing , was transported to the hospital . Flights at the airport were not affected by the incident .	An explosion was heard at the Beijing airport A man set off black powder , the kind used in firecrackers The man was hurt and transported to the hospital No one else was reported injured
CNN  -- British intelligence has n't broken any laws in sharing data with its American counterparts in counterterrorism efforts , Foreign Secretary William Hague said Sunday . "  The idea that in GCHQ people  British intelligence  are sitting working out how to circumvent a UK law with another agency in another country is fanciful , " Hague told the BBC , referring to Britain 's communications intelligence agency . "  It is nonsense , and I think that I can give people that assurance . " GCHQ is the acronym for Government Communications Headquarters , a British intelligence agency . Hague spoke after a week of revelations about the scale of data-gathering by GCHQ 's U.S. counterpart , the National Security Agency . Britain 's the Guardian reported Saturday that GCHQ had access to an American data-mining system known as PRISM , suggesting it could "  circumvent the formal legal process " required to seek personal data under British law . Hague did n't confirm or deny whether British intelligence received information from the American programs . But the United States and Britain have shared intelligence since World War II , and Hague said British law "  provides for intelligence-gathering that is authorized , necessary , proportionate and targeted -- targeted on what we really need to know . " NSA leaker comes forward "  The net effect is that if you are a law-abiding citizen of this country , going about your business and your personal life , you have nothing to fear -- nothing to fear about the British state or intelligence agencies listening to the contents of your phone calls or anything like that , " he said . "  Indeed , you 'll never be aware of all the things those agencies are doing to stop your identity being stolen and to stop a terrorist blowing you up tomorrow . "  But if you are a would-be terrorist or the center of a criminal network or a foreign intelligence agency trying to spy on Britain , you should be worried , because that is what we work on , " he continued . "  And we are , on the whole , quite good at it . " How does it affect me ? Wednesday , the Guardian disclosed a secret order from a U.S. intelligence court that required Verizon Business Network Services to give telephone records detailing the time , location and telephone numbers involved in domestic calls from April 25 to July 19 . Thursday , the Washington Post and the Guardian disclosed the existence of PRISM , reporting that the program allows NSA analysts to extract details of customer activities -- including "  audio and video chats , photographs , e-mails , documents " and other materials -- from computers at Microsoft , Google , Apple and other Internet firms . In the wake of the revelations , the U.S. government declassified some details of the programs and defended the programs as both legal and valuable to heading off the threat of terrorism . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Saturday the surveillance programs are "  conducted under authorities widely known and discussed , and fully debated and authorized by Congress . " "  In a rush to publish , media outlets have not given the full context -- including the extent to which these programs are overseen by all three branches of government , " Clapper said . Data mining revelation opens political Pandora 's box U.S. officials said earlier that phone-call data is n't looked at unless investigators sense a tie to terror , and only then on the authority of a judge . Officials say analysts are forbidden from collecting the Internet activity of American citizens or residents , even when they travel overseas . And President Barack Obama tried to reassure Americans about the programs Friday , saying , "  Nobody is listening to your telephone calls . " Clapper 's office called PRISM "  an internal government computer system used to facilitate the government 's statutorily authorized collection of foreign intelligence information from electronic communication service providers under court supervision . " It was created in 2008 , targets "  foreign targets located outside the United States " and gets reviewed by the administration , Congress and judges . "  There is not a target on Americans , " Rep. Mike Rogers , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , told reporters Sunday . "  There has to be a non-U.S. person believed to be on foreign soil . That is a huge difference than what is being portrayed in the media , " said Rogers , R-Michigan . But Colorado Democratic Sen. Mark Udall , who 's long called for greater transparency in how the government collects data on Americans , said the legal authority should be reopened for debate after last week 's disclosures . Some shrug at snooping : Privacy 's already dead "  Maybe Americans think this is OK , but I think the line has been drawn too far towards ` We 're going to invade your privacy , ' versus ` We 're going to respect your privacy , ' " Udall told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Udall is a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee . He and Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , have criticized the scope of the classified programs that allow the collection of Americans ' phone records -- but have been limited in what they could say publicly . Udall told CNN that claims that the monitoring has thwarted terrorist attacks are overblown . "  It 's unclear to me we 've developed any intelligence through the metadata program that 's led to the disruption of plots that could have been attained through other means , " Udall said , pushing back on assertions by both administration officials and Republican Intelligence Chairman Mike Rogers that a specific plot was stopped using the massive collection of phone records . Opinion : Where 's the evidence that data mining saves lives ? CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	"  Law-abiding " Britons have nothing to fear from surveillance , Hague says U.S. officials defend electronic data collections "  There is not a target on Americans , " House intelligence chairman says Senator says "  the line has been drawn too far " toward invasion of privacy
CNN  -- Last week , in a segment called "  Only in America " on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " Piers Morgan begged Hollywood to end its love affair with the 1980s . He expressed his disappointment in the fact that not only did "  21 Jump Street " earn $ 35 million at the box office opening weekend , but a sequel is already in the works . Referring to Hollywood 's vision as "  backward , " Morgan said that the movie industry relies too heavily upon familiar characters and plot lines in order to tap into that "  quaint nostalgia factor ... that drives all Republican candidates to try and prove they 're the most like Ronald Reagan . " Morgan predicted that if the trend did n't stop soon , in 30 years he 'd be forced to endure "  Jersey Shore : The Movie " or "  Growing Pains " in 3D . But what about the people who grew up in the '80s and watched movies and TV shows about the '50s and '60s , such as "  Stand by Me " and "  The Wonder Years " ? Piper Weiss , editor at Yahoo! Shine , told CNN that '80s movies waxed nostalgic about the '50s "  because the directors then grew up in the '50s and were starting to come of age and have real power in Hollywood . " Today , history is repeating itself . Now the people who grew up in the '80s are the Hollywood heavyweights green lighting projects . "  If you were a young , naive child in the '80s like I was , " said Weiss , "  you thought of Reagan and jellybeans when you thought of the '80s . You did n't really understand the things that you understand when you 're an adult . " Weiss , 33 , pointed out that people , like she , who were small children in the '80s were "  too young to know that there were good and bad things to pop culture " because they had n't reached that age of awareness yet , so as far as they were concerned , "  everything was super awesome . " Weiss suggested that maybe Morgan , whose 47th birthday is today , ca n't relate because he had already reached that "  awareness " age by the '80s . "  We have such a fondness for it , " said Weiss , "  but it 's because that was a time of pure , unfiltered , uncynical enjoyment of pop culture . " Weiss suggested that her generation is coming of age in terms of power , whereas perhaps the generation ahead feels a little insecure . Remember , while a lot of '80s films were throwbacks to the 20-30 years before , the '90s and early 2000s were dotted with '70s remakes and re-imaginings , such as "  Boogie Nights , " "  Almost Famous , " "  Anchorman "  By the way , Ron Burgundy 's coming back -- a sequel was announced earlier this week  and TV 's "  That '70s Show . " That generation wanted to distance itself from the '80s in a lot of ways , and people once again started wearing bell-bottoms and boot-cut jeans . Weiss , who noted that she 's beginning to age out of the demographic that Hollywood is targeting , said it 's easy to feel neglected . Sean Phillips , executive producer at Yahoo! Movies , agrees with Morgan and also thinks Hollywood needs to generate some new material . People "  go for the warm , " but at the same time audiences have wised up , said Phillips , who noted that "  Footloose , " for example , bombed at the box office . Phillips is also averse to Hollywood 's turning old TV shows -- not just "  21 Jump Street " -- into movies . He said that audiences may get excited when they see the poster , but for the most part it insults their intelligence . Phillips calls "  21 Jump Street " a remake "  in name only . " It would n't necessarily be associated with the original TV series , save for the cameos . For one thing , the movie is a comedy ; the series was a drama . It appears there are two camps on how to approach and appreciate remakes : Some want literal interpretations that serve as amped-up versions of the originals  e.g. "  Charlie 's Angels "  , and others prefer movies like "  21 Jump Street , " which barely resemble their yesteryear counterparts . Weiss lsaid that for a remake to work it needs "  some sort of meta-element or link . " She said that , while she thought Hollywood butchered "  Arthur " -- because Dudley Moore can not be replaced -- she has high hopes for a potential "  Ghostbusters 3 . " "  If you 're gon na remake Ghostbusters , I would like not just for Bill Murray to have a cameo , I want him to be the star , along with Harold Ramis and Dan Ackroyd . " People should n't be afraid to "  watch people age in a remake , " she said . There 's also the issue of actually getting people to movie theaters . Familiar titles and warm-and-fuzzy memories can help sell tickets . Weiss noted that there 's a corporate reasoning behind doing remakes well "  and not just making people buy tickets because they 're suckers . " When "  Dirty Dancing " got green-lighted for a remake , some diehard fans of the 1987 Patrick Swayze/Jennifer Grey classic firmly objected . But their pain may have been alleviated by the fact that Kenny Ortega , who choreographed the original , is directing the new version . The film industry is relying on so-called name brands in order to get an older demographic that might not be as willing to part with its money for movie tickets . It also serves as a nice was to clue in younger generations about the past . "  It 's kind of fun to have a reason to introduce our pop culture past to kids today and make them more media-literate in terms of how their stuff has been influenced by the stuff we grew up with , " Weiss said . Weiss pointed out that "  21 Jump Street , " "  Arthur " and "  The A-Team " are more like "  one-offs " designed to introduce a slicker version of the same old brand . The trend can be found in fashion as well . T-shirts with '80s fonts are big , as is neon -- lipstick , shoes , handbags , Katy Perry 's hair ; even fluorescent household appliances are flying off store shelves . Another reason why the '80s is coming back is because the era was so hi-tech , comparatively . "  Movies went from low-budget auteur to big blockbusters , " said Weiss , "  and that coincides with where we 're at now , as depressing as that sounds . We 're almost like the Super '80s . ... We 're what Max Headroom dreamed things would be like . It 's almost like we 're in an '80s do-over with new and improved fantasy technology . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Piers Morgan thinks Hollywood should stop rebooting 80s franchises Many 80s films , by contrast , took place during the era when filmmakers of the day grew up Today , the people green lighting projects came of age in the 80s "  Dirty Dancing " is being remade , but original choreographer Kenny Ortega will direct
CNN  -- Judging from the yells and sounds of breaking glass , security guard Richard Shanley thought there was a fight at Summer Bay Resorts ' building 104 on Sunday night . Then he listened a little closer . "  I hear people coming out and hollering , ` The building is coming apart ! ' At that time , I looked down the breezeway , and I could literally see the building coming down in pieces , " Shanley recalled to CNN on Tuesday . That 's when Shanley , who 'd been flagged down by one of the guests , hustled door to door , waking guests up to ensure everyone left the building 's 24 vacation villas as windows cracked and parts of the building separated . Sinkhole eating family out of house and home Later that night , much of the three-story structure collapsed into a sinkhole at the central Florida resort near Walt Disney World . The sinkhole -- 110 to 120 feet wide and about 15 feet deep , according to an on-site expert -- swallowed a number of rooms and , with them , clothing and other belongings that the harried guests left behind . But no one was injured , earning Shanley praises from managers of the resort in Clermont , near Orlando . "  I 'm proud of his quick thinking and responsiveness , " the resort 's executive vice president , Juan Barillas , told reporters Tuesday morning . One end of the building -- which had held two-bedroom , two-bathroom villas -- still stands , but the rest has become a heap of debris . A guest in another building , Ben Warrick of Des Moines , Iowa , caught the collapse on video camera , showing part of the structure , already cracked and separated from the rest , falling with a loud rumble in the dark of night . Most of the resorts ' hundreds of other guests were unaffected -- two other structures were evacuated as a precaution , and the power and gas service that had been cut in some other villas was restored by Tuesday morning . The other bit of relatively good news ? There were n't any noticeable changes between Monday and Tuesday , Doug Yovaish , an expert hired by the resort , told CNN around 5 p.m. Tuesday . Still , many of the evacuated guests were without important belongings , such as passports -- items that resort officials say probably wo n't be recovered . The Red Cross was helping 17 families who were staying at the resort with food and clothing through gift cards . Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly Two buildings evacuated as a precaution are expected to reopen by week 's end , a resort executive said . And some guests who left behind their belongings in the most heavily damaged structure will be able to get them back . Others , though , will not . "  They will become part of the demolition , " said Barillas . The resort is working with county and other officials to ensure foreign guests get new passports and will make sure no guest suffers a financial loss , said the resort president , Paul Caldwell . Caldwell , addressing a reporter 's question about whether anyone had seen signs the building was in distress before the evacuation , said the security department had no record of any complaints . Shanley told CNN someone flagged him down around 11 p.m. Sunday , just a few minutes into his shift . He said he banged on guests ' doors , waking some of them up . "  I said , ` Get out to the stairwells as quick as you can . Do n't worry about grabbing your stuff . Just get out ! ' " recalled Shanley , who started working at the resort about two months ago . An interior breezeway connecting parts of the building "  actually started collapsing right after I got there on scene to get the guests out , " he told reporters in a news conference Tuesday morning . "  I was in the corridors of the breezeway , and the ceilings were actually coming down , " he said . A couple and their infant escaped through a window because a door frame had collapsed , witness Maggie Ghamry told CNN affiliate WFTV on Monday . "  He , his wife and an infant , he had to break the window so they could escape , " said Ghamry , who said she escaped with her three children but lost the belongings she 'd had in her room . Some guests tossed their luggage over their balconies , WFTV reported . Julian Moreno of San Antonio said he heard strange noises after he was told to evacuate . "  The center balcony ,  there was  a lot of noise like popcorn and  banging  , like a sledgehammer hitting a concrete block , " Moreno told WFTV .	NEW : The situation has n't changed noticeably since Monday , an expert says NEW : Many guests will be able to get belongings , some will not , a resort executive says A sinkhole caused a building at Summer Bay Resort in Florida to collapse Sunday night The building was starting to fall apart as the evacuation began , a guard says
CNN  -- A day after North Korea test-fired two missiles , South Korea captured a fishing boat from the North that had crossed into South Korean waters , officials say . The boat crossed the sea demarcation line that separates the two Koreas and was captured by the South Korean navy Thursday , the South Korean Ministry of Defense said . The action comes as tensions between the two Koreas are rising once again . On Wednesday , North Korea tested two medium-range ballistic missiles , firing them into the ocean . South Korea says it believes the missile tests are a reaction to ongoing U.S.-South Korean military drills . North Korea had harsh words for the South , accusing it of provocations . "  The puppet military gangsters perpetrated such provocations as firing bullets and shells from the areas around the five islands including Paekryong and Big Yonphyong islands and scattering leaflets hurting the dignity of the supreme leadership of the DPRK on March 24 , " the North Korean news agency KCNA reported . North Korea ups stakes with latest missile launch Report : North Korea fires two missiles off eastern coast	The boat had crossed into South Korean waters , officials say North Korea test-fired two missiles this week North accuses South Korea of provocation
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- In the village of Angolo , in Sudan 's South Kordofan state , villagers stand over a deadly and illegal weapon . Nestled in a crater , the Soviet-era cluster bomb failed to detonate . It was dropped a month ago , they say , and they do n't dare get any closer . Across rocky outcrops , tennis ball-sized bomblets spilled out of the RBK-500 model bomb and scattered everywhere . Each of them is highly volatile and easily capable of blowing off a limb , or worse . The footage , obtained and verified by CNN , is damning new evidence that the Sudanese government is using cluster munitions in civilian areas . "  Cluster bombs are known to be indiscriminate and unreliable weapons . This is why they have been banned by international law , " said Laura Cheeseman , the director of the Cluster Munition Coalition . "  It is the humanitarian impact of these weapons that makes it so atrocious that Sudan has used them . " The villagers in this part of South Kordofan say they live in fear of the bombing raids by Sudanese airplanes that seem to happen almost daily . "  Today they bombed with their airplanes . They bombed up there in the mountains and they bombed close to here . Today , " an Angolo resident said . Civilians in the Nuba Mountains have resorted to hiding in rocky outcrops and caves , and piling stones over makeshift foxholes to take cover from the bombing raids . And cluster bombs present an even greater threat than regular munitions , rights groups say . "  Cluster munitions contain dozens or sometimes hundreds of explosive bomblets , so when they 're used , they scatter over a very large area , often the size of several football fields , " Cheeseman said . Anyone in the strike zone can be killed . And often , the greatest threat comes after the bombs are dropped . About 10 % of bomblets in modern cluster weapons usually fail , weapons experts say . But with older munitions like the RBK-500 , that percentage can be much higher . The cluster bomblets become a minefield . And while mines are dangerous because they are invisible , volatile cluster bombs are deadly because they lie in plain sight . Often , they attract children . " -LSB- The bombs -RSB- can land in fields , in homes , in villages , and of course it poses a risk to civilians , " said Klaus Ljoerring Pedersen , regional director of the Danish Demining Group , a humanitarian organization that helps solve problems related to leftover ordnance . "  Civilians do not recognize what is a bomblet -- dangerous and highly explosive -- and what is a toy . So you see a lot of curious children after these raids go out and identify these new and exiting objects and blow their hands and heads off . " Sudan is fighting a bitter conflict against the SPLA-North , a rebel group that wants to be part of independent South Sudan . The rebels depend on local villages for food . The Sudanese military strategy seems clear : It aims to terrify and starve the civilians into leaving the area . It appears to be working . Thousands of villagers have fled to camps like Yida , where humanitarian agencies have struggled to feed and shelter them . The U.N. refugee agency says more than 500 arrive every day . This latest evidence of cluster munitions in South Kordofan suggests that the Sudanese military is stepping up its campaign , but a Sudanese army spokesman flatly denied that they use cluster munitions . "  We do n't use cluster munitions in South Kordofan , we have no ties to such weapons , " military spokesman Al-Sawarmi Khalid told CNN . "  There is no need to use these kinds of weapons to begin with , the fighting is in open space , the renegades do n't have concrete fortifications . " Khalid added that the footage could have been taken anywhere . But CNN knows that the footage was taken in Angolo village . And this would n't be the first time that Sudan has been accused of dropping the highly controversial weapons . The Danish Demining Group says that it still finds Chilean-made PM-1 bomblets throughout South Sudan , particularly in the areas between Juba , the capital , and the Ugandan border . The munitions were dropped during the long civil war between the North and South that ended in 2005 . Military analysis and logic suggests that since the SPLA in the South had no significant airpower , and they were unlikely to drop bombs on themselves , the cluster munitions came from Sudanese warplanes Sudan has frequently denied ever using cluster munitions and has not signed the convention to ban the weapon . The country has promised to sign up "  as soon as possible . " Since 2008 , more than 100 nations have signed the convention . "  It 's not surprising in a way that Sudan denies the use of these weapons , even though they are so stigmatized and rejected by the international community . No country wants to be associated with these weapons , whether they 've signed onto the ban or not , " Cheeseman said .	Cluster munitions scatter bomblets that can be especially dangerous to children International law bans such bombs , but Sudan has yet to sign on Civilians in Sudan 's South Kordofan state say planes have used them A spokesman denies that the Sudanese army uses cluster munitions
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Packing on the pounds over the holidays ? Adam Sandler can sympathize . He recently put on some weight himself . Adam Sandler had to cope with more than just falling gumballs in his latest comedy , "  Bedtime Stories . " The comedian got buff for the movie "  You Do n't Mess With the Zohan "  in which he showed a lot of skin  , but then he said he let himself go just a bit . " -LSB- For ` Zohan ' -RSB- I worked out like a madman , " he told CNN . "  And then I started getting fat again . " Concern over his physical conditioning led to an unintended consequence -- a broken bone . " -LSB- One Saturday -RSB- I ate so much food , that I was laying in bed . I was fat as heck and I said , ' I better play some ball . ' I went out and played basketball , broke my ankle . I said , ` Maybe I should have stayed fat . ' " The mishap occurred as he was filming his latest comedy , "  Bedtime Stories . " In scenes that involved walking around , Sandler needed a body double . "  I 'm shooting the movie with the cast on , " he said . "  We did about six , seven weeks of shooting . If I was standing here and I had to walk to the door , I would stand up -LSB- then the camera would cut to -RSB- a guy with my outfit on that took the walk . " Sandler is on the mend , but he said his ankle is still a little swollen . "  Bedtime Stories " opens Christmas Day .	Adam Sandler wore cast for part of "  Bedtime Stories " filming Some scenes required a body double after star broke ankle Sandler says he let himself go after "  You Do n't Mess With the Zohan "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A potential victim became a compassionate counselor during a recent robbery attempt , changing the would-be criminal 's mind -- and apparently his religion . Surveillance video shows storekeeper Mohammad Sohail holding a robber at bay with a shotgun . Storekeeper Mohammad Sohail was closing up his Long Island convenience store just after midnight on May 21 when -- as shown on the store 's surveillance video -- a man came in wielding a baseball bat and demanding money . "  He said , ` Hurry up and give me the money , give me the money ! ' and I said , ` Hold on ' , " Sohail recalled in a phone interview with CNN on Tuesday , after the store video and his story was carried on local TV . Sohail said he reached under the counter , grabbed his gun and told the robber to drop the bat and get down on his knees . "  He 's crying like a baby , " Sohail said . "  He says , ` Do n't call police , do n't shoot me , I have no money , I have no food in my house . ' " Amidst the man 's apologies and pleas , Sohail said he felt a surge of compassion . He made the man promise never to rob anyone again and when he agreed , Sohail gave him $ 40 and a loaf of bread . "  When he gets $ 40 , he 's very impressed , he says , ' I want to be a Muslim just like you , ' " Sohail said , adding he had the would-be criminal recite an Islamic oath . "  I said ` Congratulations . You are now a Muslim and your name is Nawaz Sharif Zardari . ' " When asked why he chose the hybrid of two Pakistani presidents ' names , the Pakistani immigrant laughed and said he had been watching a South Asian news channel moments before the confrontation . Sohail said the man fled the store when he turned away to get the man some free milk . He said police might still be looking for the suspect but he does n't intend to press charges . "  The guy , you know , everybody has a hard time right now , it 's too bad for everybody right now in this economy , " said the storekeeper .	Long Island storekeeper Mohammad Sohail faces man wielding baseball bat Sohail grabs shotgun ; stunned man begins to cry , says he has no food at home Man 's story tugs at Sohail 's heartstrings , and he offers man money , bread , milk After act of compassion , man says he wants to become a Muslim like Sohail
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- A grand jury has indicted four people in the shooting death of a woman during what police say was a Ku Klux Klan initiation rite in the Louisiana woods , St. Tammany Parish prosecutors said . Raymond "  Chuck " Foster is reputed to be the leader of the Klan Group . He was among the four indicted . Raymond "  Chuck " Foster , 44 , was indicted on second-degree murder charges Wednesday in the November death of Cynthia Lynch , 43 , of Tulsa , Oklahoma . If convicted , he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison , said Rick Wood , spokesman for the St. Tammany Parish district attorney 's office . "  That 's what he was charged with , " Wood told reporters on Wednesday . "  The grand jury agreed with that charge . " Two other men , including Foster 's son , Shane Foster , were indicted on a count of obstruction of justice , and a woman , Danielle Jones , was indicted on one count of being an accessory after the fact . Wood said Thursday Foster 's case was assigned to one judge and the others ' cases were assigned to another . Foster is scheduled to be arraigned March 3 , he said , and the others are set for arraignment next week . Eight people initially were arrested in the case . The remaining four were not indicted . "  Have n't seen one like this , " Wood said Wednesday . "  We 've had a lot of high-profile cases , but not one like this . ... As  district attorney  Walter Reed said , it will be to the max . They will be prosecuted to the max . " Authorities said Lynch was recruited over the Internet and took a bus to Slidell , Louisiana , where she was met by two Klan members . They then went to a campsite in the woods near Sun , Louisiana , about 60 miles north of New Orleans , where they met other members of the group , police said . During the initiation rite , members of the Klan group , which calls itself the Sons of Dixie , shaved Lynch 's head , according to Capt. George Bonnett of the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff 's Department and Sheriff Jack Strain , who spoke to CNN in November . After 24 hours of drills , including chanting and running with torches , she asked to be taken to town . An argument began , authorities said , and the group 's leader , Raymond Foster , pushed Lynch to the ground and shot her without warning . Lynch apparently wanted to leave because she was homesick , investigators found after talking to her family members . After the shooting , "  Foster , we believe , removed a knife from his pocket and rolled over the victim and began a process of trying to remove the bullet from her body ... because he was trying to destroy evidence where law enforcement would not be able to piece these things together , " Strain said . Police believe other members of the Sons of Dixie helped cover up the slaying on Foster 's behalf , Strain said at the time , including burning some of Lynch 's personal items . "  We 're up to the challenge , " Wood told reporters after the indictments were handed up Wednesday . "  This office is ready to proceed and take care of business . " Authorities received the initial tip about the slaying from a convenience store clerk , after two group members went into the store and asked him if he knew how to get bloodstains out of their clothes . The clerk told them he did not , then called police after they left . Officials tracked down those two members and arrested them , then arrested others at the campsite and Foster . All the members surrendered without incident , police said . Investigators found Confederate battle flags , Ku Klux Klan banners , five Klan robes and an Imperial Wizard robe at the campsite , authorities said . Lynch 's body was found under loose brush along a road several miles from the campsite . Raymond Foster has a history of Ku Klux Klan activity dating back seven years , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , a Montgomery , Alabama-based organization that tracks hate groups .	Police say Cynthia Lynch of Tulsa shot as she tried to leave KKK rite Raymond "  Chuck " Foster is reputed leader of Klan group Foster , his son , two others accused in indictment of second-degree murder "  They will be prosecuted to the max , " spokesman for prosecutor said
CNN  -- Reports that Iran is plotting to attack American targets in Iraq in response to U.S. intervention in Syria should come as no surprise . Armed conflicts are unpredictable and risky . But this latest communication , allegedly intercepted by U.S. intelligence , may prove less ominous than it sounds . According to an article in the Wall Street Journal , the United States intercepted a message sent from Tehran to militants in neighboring Iraq , ordering them to target the American embassy in Baghdad and other U.S. interests if American forces strike Syria . Assuming that the information is correct -- and not meant by Iran to get into U.S. hands to send a threat -- it would seem that Iran will resort to its long-standing practice of using proxy militias and assorted terrorist groups to do its dirty work . This is as an alternative to stepping into the conflict with its own forces , which would escalate the war in Syria much more dangerously . In fact , it does n't make a lot of sense for Tehran to jump in against the United States , even if Syria is Iran 's closest ally and Iran is already providing President Bashar al-Assad with weaponry and other support . Iran , incidentally , has also coordinated with its Lebanese ally , the Shiite militia Hezbollah , which has gone all in , fighting alongside al-Assad . Despite their many threats , neither Hezbollah nor Iran want to take on the U.S. , or Israel for that matter , to fight in a war they can not win . Since U.S. President Barack Obama announced he wants to launch military strikes against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in response to what many nations agree was a chemical weapons attack that killed hundreds of civilians on August 21 , opponents of U.S. intervention have expressed fear that the war would spread to a much larger regional , even global conflagration . Again , there is no way of predicting with certainty how the conflict would unfold , but an Iranian decision to launch its own armed forces , or even to take major action in other ways against the Americans , does not make strategic sense . Shiite Tehran fervently wants to see al-Assad emerge victorious in this civil war against a Sunni opposition . But the ruling establishment in Iran today is deeply divided over how far their country should go in protecting the Syrian dictator . Iran 's hard-liners want to push ahead with nuclear enrichment . Starting a war with the United States before that process is completed would defeat its purpose . Iran 's more moderate politicians , led today by the newly elected President Hassan Rouhani and his team , have engaged in an extraordinary campaign of image repair . Rouhani tweeted a "  Happy Rosh Hashanah " greeting on the occasion of the Jewish New Year , and his foreign minister condemned the Holocaust , a statement that would not be remarkable from almost any other country , but coming from Iran is an eyebrow-raiser after the extraordinarily low bar set by former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . In more signs of some powerful Iranians distancing from Syria , another moderate  by Iranian standards  , former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , blamed Assad for the chemical gas attack . Iranians are sensitive to those charges , since they suffered horrific gas attacks during the war against Iraq in the 1980s . On this issue , Rafsanjani has now put himself squarely on the opposite side of the hard-liners , who vow America will suffer the consequences of interfering in Syria . Rouhani , meanwhile , issued a startlingly nonbelligerent warning to America . "  If something happens to the Syrian people , " he told the Assembly of Experts , a key decision-making body in Tehran , "  the Islamic Republic will do its religious and humanitarian duties to send food and medicine . " While Rouhani was launching his Rosh Hashanah charm offensive , the head of the Revolutionary Guards ' elite Quds Force , Qasem Suleimani , darkly warned that a U.S. attack on Syria would result in the "  destruction of Israel . " It was Suleimani who reportedly contacted Shiite militias in Iraq , some of them trained by the Iranians , with the instructions to target the U.S. Embassy there . Hezbollah , too , which is closely linked with the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps , is reportedly awaiting instructions from Tehran on how to respond to an American strike . Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nasrallah , took a risky gamble entering the war in Syria . He was once one of the most popular leaders in the Arab world , proclaiming that his organization 's only reason for being was to fight Israel . He has now allied himself with Syria 's al-Assad , a man with blood on his hands , for the sake of protecting the Syrian regime and Iranian interests . According to the Saudi newspaper Okaz , a Lebanese source said Hezbollah will attack Israel only "  after receiving a specific order from Iran . " Hezbollah might try to launch some symbolic attack , perhaps a few rockets . But the group is bogged down in Syria . The last thing it wants is to trigger a massive Israeli -- much less an American -- retaliation . Whatever the divisions among Iranians and the concerns of anti-American militias and terrorist groups about taking on the United States , the threats have to be taken seriously . And it 's worth remembering that attacks against civilians and other nonmilitary targets can be launched by small groups , providing deniability to their masters . The U.S. is already evacuating nonessential personnel from a number of diplomatic facilities in the Middle East and has advised American citizens to stay out of Iraq . Some of those warnings , however , went into place before the August 21 nerve gas attack and before Obama 's call for action . The Syrian war was already spreading to other countries . The risks did not begin with the American debate over intervention . The plot warnings are a reminder that war is always dangerous . But we all knew that . The threats do nothing to change the moral and strategic calculus about whether or not to the United States should strike Syria . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Reports Iran urging militants to target U.S. sites if U.S. hits Syria not surprising She says it may show Iran using proxies to attack rather than take on war it ca n't win She says Iran 's Shiites want Assad to prevail but its rulers divided on how much to help Ghits : Threats must be taken seriously , but moral reason for strike is unchanged
CNN  -- A host of Republicans is calling for the head of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius over the troubled health care website rollout . Thirty-three Republican members of Congress signed Rep. John Fleming 's letter to President Barack Obama demanding that Sebelius be fired . But whether to sack her is not one of the questions we should be asking . The secretary spent 3  1/2 hours testifying before a congressional committee on Wednesday about the awful mess that was the launch of the federal website intended to allow millions of Americans to sign up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act . Punctuated by moments of contrition and obvious frustration , her performance was intended both to signal resolve to the American people that getting the website fully operational was her principal priority and to shield the president from the slings and arrows of the many critics of Obamacare , who gleefully saw this as an opportunity to embarrass him and re-energize their efforts to derail the law . The news Wednesday was replete with stories of Obama 's sagging popularity , and one ca n't help but tie this drop , at least in part , to the problems with the rollout . So what is he , as our nation 's chief executive , to do ? Should he heed those calls to demonstrate forceful leadership in a time of seriously flawed performance and fire Sebelius ? After all , the argument goes , something like this would not be tolerated in the business world . The consequences would be swift -- the person responsible for the mess would be fired . And did n't she admit in her testimony that she was responsible ? Yes , she did . But here 's why the question of whether she should be fired is not the right one . Obama needs to keep his eye on the big picture . The issue is not Sebelius ' future , it 's what needs to be done to fix the mess . She has accepted responsibility and has specified a time frame within which she has said the dysfunction will be repaired . Obama should support the secretary fully in her efforts . It is much more important for the President in the long run to make sure that people can sign up for insurance coverage under the ACA than to finger a scapegoat and orchestrate a public beheading . The difference between forceful leadership and nuanced leadership is significant , and the context and circumstances should determine which -- or what blend of the two -- is appropriate . Whatever momentary boost a "  forceful " action might give the president in the polls would not justify the potential long-term consequences of firing a Cabinet member who arguably has served well in turbulent times . Obama said Wednesday that he would take ultimate responsibility , acknowledging that the buck stops at his desk . Two very tough questions , however , lie ahead : First , what should he do about Sebelius if the mess is n't a whole lot less messy by the end of November ? And second , what about his own political capital ? Let 's reserve judgment on the first one until the end of November comes around . At this point , my guess is that if implementation of the website has n't improved very much , Sebelius will resign . Regarding the second , it 's clear that Obama has a lot riding on getting the system to work "  well enough . " It might not happen by the end of November , but it will happen . It 's not yet clear where the problem with rolling out the health care website really lies . Why such a shambles ? Early indications point in two directions : diffuse authority  no one was really in charge of the whole initiative  and poor execution  the contractors simply dropped the ball  . As we learn more about how the website was designed and tested , we will be in a better position to figure out what went wrong and where . But for the time being , we do n't know -- so why drop the guillotine blade and run the risk of beheading the wrong person ? The problem is real , and so are the politics . Precisely because the ACA is so important to the President , its detractors see a golden opportunity to inflict possibly serious damage on its future . This is political hardball on steroids , and the grandstanding that we see in front of the cameras helps us understand -- as if we did n't already -- why 74 % of Americans polled are unhappy with the behavior of Congress . Calls to fire the secretary are intended to put Obama in the position of seeming weak if he does not . So he needs to respond in a way that is seen as decisive yet supportive of the secretary . The rearview mirror on the health information exchange mess is n't quite in focus yet , because we 're still in the middle of it . But it 's true that little changes tend to have small ripple effects , and big changes , like the health care act , have huge ripple effects . And no change , little or big , is ever without a glitch . Life in Washington is a circus . There are many rings with different events going on in each , and all are vying for the audience 's attention . If the circus is to continue , the most important job is to know where the tent poles are and guard them zealously . Stay tuned . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Kimberly .	Many Republicans want Obama to fire Kathleen Sebelius over website dysfunction John Kimberly : The issue is not her future , it 's what needs to be done to fix the mess He asks : Is short-term boost in polls for Obama worth firing a Cabinet member ? Kimberly : We are seeing political hardball and grandstanding on steroids
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China 's major microblogging sites have suspended comments sections after being "  punished for allowing rumors to spread " of a coup attempt in Beijing , state-run media reported Saturday . Sina 's Weibo and Tencent 's QQ -- Chinese versions of Twitter , which is banned in the mainland -- will stop use of comment function on the popular sites to "  clean up rumors and other illegal information spread through microbloggings , " according to Xinhua . The comments sections will be disabled until Tuesday . The microblog sites have been "  criticized and punished accordingly " by officials in Beijing and Guangdong , state media reported . Authorities also closed 16 websites and detained six people , Xinhua reported , for allegedly spreading rumors of "  military vehicles entering Beijing and something wrong going on in Beijing , " a spokesperson for the State Internet Information Office told Xinhua . An unknown number of people who also reported rumors were "  admonished and educated " but "  have shown intention to repent , " Beijing police told state media . China 's Internet was rife with rumors of an alleged coup attempt last week after the shock dismissal Communist Party politburo member and Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai earlier in the month . Cyberspace discussions on Bo 's fate have been censored . On Weibo last week , bloggers who type in Bo 's name , or even his initials BXL and homophones , typically got an automatic reply : "  Due to relevant regulations and policies , search results for ` Bo Xilai ' are not being displayed . " China 's censors fuel online frenzy Zhang Zhi An , an associate professor of journalism at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou , says the government 's actions are "  not surprising . " "  The government worries the information could have some mobilization functions , that it will make people worried about the stability of society , " said Zhang who was attending a conference on microblog activism at Fudan University in Shanghai on Saturday . "  The information that was posted hints that there is a very big struggle in the Central Party , and I think the Party can not accept this information . "  This is a very clear sign to netizens that they must be responsible for their posts online , " Zhang said . "  If it is not true , if it is fake , if it comes from your imagination , we will take actions to punish you . " This is the second time the government has taken serious action against China 's microblogs , according to Zhang . The first time occurred in 2009 when dozens of Twitter-like sites were simply closed by the government . Since then , two main players have emerged in the market - Sina Weibo and Tencent 's QQ . The platforms have experienced explosive growth in recent years and in many ways have become alternative information sources for the country 's 500 million internet users who post information that is not reported in China 's state-controlled media . Yet the platforms have been a source of ongoing concern for officials who fear that they could be used to mobilize protests or other movements that could jeopardize social stability , Zhang said . In an effort to try to prevent the spreading of rumors or other information deemed sensitive or inaccurate , the government recently implemented a policy requiring all microblog users to register their accounts using their real names . Sina Weibo and other micro blogging platforms were supposed to have implemented the real-name registration policy by March 16 . On that day , only 19 million of Sina 's 300 million users had registered their names , according to Beijing-based Marbridge Consulting . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this article	State media : Popular Chinese microblogging halt comments section until April 3 More than 16 websites closed and six people detained for spreading coup rumors Comes after shock of the dismissal of China politburo member Bo Xilai Last week , China 's internet filled with rumors of military vehicles entering Beijing '
CNN  -- For all of its expected action and drama , the new "  Halo 4 " boils down to an essential question : Are its central characters humans , machines or something in between ? The answer may still be unclear by the time you 're done playing this fantastic game . This edition of the hugely popular "  Halo " franchise was developed by 343 Industries , which took over after Bungie Studios , creators of the first four games , split from Microsoft . To its credit , 343 Industries has retained the intense first-person shooter action "  Halo " fans are used to but upped the emotional interplay between the iconic Master Chief and his artificial-intelligence companion , Cortana . The action begins with Master Chief in cryosleep and Cortana starting to undergo rampancy , a condition for older AIs in which they actually think themselves to death . At one point , Cortana likens it to having 1,000 arguments with herself , but she tries desperately to hang on to her sanity to help the Chief , her human ally . The connection between these two characters makes this campaign really special . From the opening scene with Catherine Halsey , the creator of the story 's super-soldier program , to its climax , the tension between humans and machines runs throughout the story . Web series builds anticipation for ` Halo 4 ' Cortana seems more emotive than before -- a welcome addition to the character . Master Chief retains his detached , no-nonsense soldier persona for most of the campaign , but there are moments you want his helmet to come off so you can see the facial expressions you sense he 's making . "  Halo 4 " hooked me emotionally before I realized it . Some scenes made me feel waves of despair or elation before I recognized I was mirroring the emotions in the game -- truly a sign of an immersive experience . The graphics of "  Halo 4 " are outstanding in their detailed depictions of characters and background environments . Whether foliage for a jungle setting or the individualized movement of little bits of wreckage , each scene is treated with careful attention to the smallest element . Characters look like live-action actors , and their movements and emotions have a realistic , almost filmlike quality . This technique has been used in other games , but "  Halo 4 " raises the bar for others to emulate . The voice acting and dialogue are fantastic and help pull you into the story . You 'll quickly hate some characters based merely on the inflection in their voice .  You may even wish you could shoot them in the face -- I know I did -- but you ca n't . The game introduces a new character from the recent "  Halo " Web series , and I sometimes wondered if I was missing inside jokes from the related "  Halo " books . But knowing the entire "  Halo " universe is n't a prerequisite to enjoying this game . There are eight missions in the single-player campaign , with plenty of weapons and vehicles from which to choose . Combat in the game seemed more strategic than the straightforward , hard-charging style we 've come to know from previous "  Halo " titles . For example , using the armor 's jump-pack accessory allows players to leap up to hidden spots and pick off enemies . And other armor abilities allow Master Chief to create a floating turret , which I found great for thinning out a battlefield before wading in . Do n't worry , fans -- the big action sequences are still there . "  Halo 4 's " epic fight sequences require players to confront waves of enemies in one mission , then pick off bad guys one by one in another . And of course , co-op and online multiplayer action is available if you want to include a friend or try your luck against an opponent . Despite all the mayhem , what stood out for me about "  Halo 4 " was the story . The new developers made an effort to delve into the characters we 've known over the years and morph them into something fresh . The "  man or machine " question becomes more prevalent as the game progresses , and I found myself looking at different missions and scenes through that lens . Is Cortana more human as her mind begins to splinter ? Does John-117 , the solder we know as Master Chief , become a robotic killing machine ? Or have both influenced each other so much that the differences we expect between the two become mixed , creating a symbiotic relationship that only becomes evident when one side lets down the other ? During one tense scene , Master Chief tells Cortana , "  I was supposed to protect you . " She replies , "  We were supposed to protect each other . " The deepening interactions between these two main characters enhance the narrative and make "  Halo 4 " a wonderful new addition to a beloved franchise -- and the best "  Halo " campaign so far . It keeps me wanting to play over and over again . "  Halo 4 " is available now throughout most of the world and will be available Thursday in Japan as an Xbox 360 exclusive title . It is rated M for mature due to blood and violence . Online interactions are not rated . This review was done with a provided limited edition copy and is solely focused on the single-player campaign .	"  Halo 4 " is a wonderful new addition to a beloved franchise -- and the best "  Halo " yet The game was developed by 343 Industries , which took over from creators of first four games Story features emotional interplay between iconic Master Chief and companion Cortana
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Five people got the lavish ride of a lifetime as the only passengers on a transatlantic flight , causing environmental groups to criticize the major carrier for leaving a wasteful carbon footprint . American Airlines has faced criticism for a transatlantic flight carrying only five passengers . Using about 68,000 liters  15,000 imperial gallons  -- or 13,000 liters per passenger -- of jet fuel for the nine-hour trip from Chicago to London , American Airlines is being accused of unnecessary waste . Each passenger left a footprint of 35.77 tons of carbon dioxide , enough to drive an average car 160,000 kilometers  100,000 miles  . "  Flying virtually empty planes is an obscene waste of fuel . Through no fault of their own , each passenger 's carbon footprint for this flight is about 45 times what it would have been if the plane had been full , " Friends of the Earth 's transport campaigner Richard Dyer said . Because of a mechanical malfunction , AA flight 90 was 14 hours late leaving Chicago 's O'Hare airport on February 8 . Though most passengers made other arrangements to London , five lucky passengers unable to be rebooked made the 6,400 kilometer  4,000 mile  flight in business class , with two crew members per passenger . American Airlines said it chose to continue with the flight because of the full load of passengers waiting at London 's Heathrow airport to return to the United States . "  With such a small passenger load we did consider whether we could cancel the flight and re-accommodate the five remaining passengers on other flights , " says American Airlines ' European spokesperson Anneliese Morris . "  However , this would have left a plane load of west-bound passengers stranded in London Heathrow who were due to fly to the U.S. on the same aircraft . " Morris was quick to point out that despite the staggeringly low passenger count , the flight did carry a full cargo load . "  We sought alternative flights for the west-bound passengers but heavy loads out of London meant that this was not possible . The only option was to operate the flight , " Morris said . "  This put the aircraft in London Heathrow for the following day , enabling us to operate a full schedule and avoid further inconvenience to our passengers and cargo customers . " Environmental groups such as Friends of the Earth say that international governments should hold the aviation industry accountable for the amount of CO2 they produce each year , and point to instances like this to show that airlines should pay a fuel tax to rein them in . "  Governments must stop granting the aviation industry the unfair privileges that allow this to happen by taxing aviation fuel and including emissions from aviation in international agreements to tackle climate change , " Dyer said . But despite these accusations , Kieran Daly , air transport intelligence editor for Flight International magazine , said the amount passengers carried was irrelevant . "  Airlines are still a business . The cargo had to be flown and perhaps some of it was time-sensitive , " Daly said . "  It 's just not practical for an airline to tell its customers that it wo n't fly until it has a full passenger load . Customers wo n't be happy and the airline will quickly be out of business . " E-mail to a friend	Environmental groups angry with American Airlines after five-passenger flight The passengers were unable to be rebooked after flight delayed by 14 hours AA says canceling flight would have left many more stranded in London next day The transatlantic flight did carry a full cargo load , according to the airline
CNN  -- Doctors Without Borders is pulling out of Somalia after more than two decades because of frequent attacks on its staff , the aid group said Wednesday . The group , internationally known by its French name , Medecins Sans Frontieres , has worked in the nation since 1991 . It said civilian leaders tolerate or "  condone the killing , assaulting and abducting " of aid workers . "  The same actors with whom MSF must negotiate minimum guarantees to respect its medical humanitarian mission have in some cases played a role in the abuses against MSF staff , either through direct involvement or tacit approval , particularly but not exclusively in south-central Somalia , " it said . In 2011 , two MSF members were killed in Mogadishu , and their convicted killer was released early , the group said . Aid worker dies after attack in South Sudan In addition , 14 other staff members have been killed and dozens of MSF 's ambulances and medical facilities have been attacked , the group said . "  In choosing to kill , attack , and abduct humanitarian aid workers , these armed groups , and the civilian authorities who tolerate their actions , have sealed the fate of countless lives in Somalia , " said Dr. Unni Karunakara , MSF 's international president . " ... The situation in the country has created an untenable imbalance between the risks and compromises our staff must make , and our ability to provide assistance to the Somali people . " The aid agency had a staff of about 1,500 in the nation to provide various services , including health care , malnutrition treatment , surgery and relief supplies . Somalia has been plagued by a long-running struggle between government forces and Al-Shabaab , a militant Islamist group with connections to al Qaeda . It has waged a war to implement a stricter form of Islamic law in the country . Two years ago , Somali and African forces pushed the militants out of the capital , Mogadishu , raising hopes of a return to relative security after about 20 years of violence . But the militants have maintained control of large chunks of southern and central Somalia , where they stage attacks . Until last year , Somalia had not had an effective government since dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown in 1991 . Rape and injustice : The woman breaking Somalia 's wall of silence	The aid agency had a staff of about 1,500 in the nation , where it has worked since 1991 Civilian leaders "  condone the killing , assaulting and abducting " of aid workers , it said Somalia has been plagued by a struggle between government forces and Al-Shabaab
CNN  -- Francesca Schiavone returned "  home " to the scene of her French Open triumph last year with an emphatic victory in her opener against 19-year-old American Melanie Oudin Monday . Schiavone , who beat Samantha Stosur in last year 's women 's singles final , showed her liking for the red clay of Roland Garros with a 6-2 6-0 rout of the unfortunate Oudin . The fifth-seeded Italian will meet Russian Vesna Dolonts in round two and on the evidence of her victory on the Philippe Chatrier will take some stopping . "  I 'm still shaking a little bit , " Schiavone told gathered reporters after her swift win . "  That court is fantastic because it 's compact and the court is perfect . It goes all around you . "  It 's like when you go home and your mum does everything for you and you feel comfortable . I felt like this , but with a lot of adrenaline . " Top seed Caroline Wozniacki later made light work of Japanese veteran Kimiko Date-Krumm in their first round match , winning for the loss of just two games . The Dane is bidding for her first grand slam title . Another pre-tournament favorite , Russian third seed Vera Zvonareva , also reached the second round by beating Spanish veteran Lourdes Dominguez Lino 6-3 6-3 on Court Suzanne Lenglen . Zvonareva was a losing finalist at both Wimbledon and the U.S Open last year . Her fellow Russian and 26th seed Nadia Petrova was a first day casualty , going down 6-7 6-3 6-4 to Australia 's Anastasia Rodionova .	Francesca Schiavone wins opening match of her title defense at Roland Garros Italian fifth seed beats Melanie Oudin of United States 6-2 6-0 Top seed Caroline Wozniacki brushes aside Japanese veteran Kimiko Date-Krumm 26th seed Nadia Petrova crashes out to Australia 's Anastasia Rodionova
Selma , Alabama  CNN  On a recent morning , Edward Shaw and other family members walked into the Selma Police Department in search of answers . They had come to see official video footage of a police shooting that took place more than a year ago . Ananias Shaw , 74 , was killed last December after he rushed an officer while wielding a hatchet , police have said . Video of the incident , captured by an officer 's lapel camera , proved the shooting was justified , officials have argued . A grand jury heard the case , saw the footage and decided not to issue an indictment . But for more than a year , Shaw 's younger brother , Edward , 69 , said he and others have been asking to see the tape for themselves . And what they saw on December 19 only seemed to raise more questions , leaving them to feel the shooting was more senseless than ever . With police shootings making headlines across the nation , the Selma case adds a different layer to the conversation -- not least of all because of the city 's historic civil rights significance . CNN saw the video , which runs four minutes and 48 seconds , after the family did . It shows a patrol officer pulling up to an abandoned building , where two other officers have already gathered . One officer ducks inside the building and soon Ananias Shaw emerges , holding an ax and cussing . An officer follows , there are at least 20 shouts to "  drop the ax , " and then Shaw turns toward the officer , appears to lunge toward him , and -- bang -- he 's dead . Officers had been called to respond to a disturbance at a Church 's Chicken restaurant , but found Shaw across the street in the long-gone Towns Laundromat . Edward Shaw said his brother , once a mechanic , had "  lost himself " after his wife left him decades ago and his house burned in a fire . He said Selma police knew his brother "  acted crazy , " and walked the streets but that he never harmed anyone . And he just ca n't understand why they had to follow him . "  He 'd left Church 's Chicken , and was n't shot for disturbing the peace , but because they were messing with him in his domain . " Shaw said requests to see the video only gained traction after a small band of protesters took to the streets . It was the Ferguson , Missouri , protests that inspired longtime activist Faya Rose Toure to lead the charge for the Shaw family in Selma , though the circumstances are vastly different from Ferguson . Selma , which is more than 80 % African-American , has a black mayor , a black police chief , a black district attorney and a majority black city council . Ananias Shaw was black . So was the officer who shot him . But for Toure , the problem in Selma goes far beyond this one case . Selma once shocked the national consciousness when police beat and tear-gassed 600 civil rights marchers as they crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge on their way to Montgomery . The day became known as Bloody Sunday and led the way to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . A movie depiction of the Selma story will release nationwide on January 9 . Selma , said Toure , has come a long way since then , but black people are not yet free of injustices . She has led the charge in recent weeks , marching from Selma 's famed Edmund Pettus Bridge while yelling , "  Hands up ! Do n't shoot ! " and "  I ca n't breathe ! " -- in reference to the deaths of Michael Brown in Ferguson and Eric Garner in New York . Added to the mix in Selma has been this chorus : "  Show the tape ! " Police Chief William Riley said he takes no issue with protests tied to the tensions roiling through the country . What happened in Ferguson and New York bothers him , too . "  We have things going on in policing that are n't right , " he said . If people want to scream outside his department , "  I ca n't breathe , " he 's all for it . But what riles him is how what happened in Selma is being lumped with these cases . "  It 's wrong and disingenuous , " he said . "  We 're no Ferguson , " and pretending Selma is , he said , "  hurts the message . " Activist Toure said it was her husband , Alabama State Sen. Hank Sanders , who was responsible for $ 30,000 in funding for the city of Selma to buy lapel cameras for the police force . She has called for a public release of the video showing the shooting of Ananias Shaw , calling it a "  matter of transparency . " "  They let CNN see -LSB- the tape -RSB- before me . I need to see the tape , as an attorney and a citizen , " Toure said . "  If there 's any doubt that the killing was justified , we would demand that the D.A. reconvene the grand jury . " Riley , the police chief , said the family should see it first . He said it would n't be easy to watch and that they deserved space to process it on their own . "  I do n't care who 's jumping up and down , " Riley said . "  We want the family to see it first . It 's only fair . " Ananias Shaw 's children , who live in the Chicago area , were able to see the video several hours after family members in Selma did . They , too , walked away troubled and wanting more answers . Randall Shaw called it "  inconclusive , " and his brother , Marvin Shaw , complained about editing . He said the video was choppy and skipped from one place to another . "  We need more information to move forward , to have closure , " Marvin Shaw said . Civil rights attorney Russell Ainsworth , who said he has been working with the family to obtain the videotape since June , said he will be contacting the Selma police chief to demand the release of the lapel camera videos from the other two officers who were present . He also said the family wants to know the name of the officer who shot Shaw . "  What we did learn from the video is that officer appeared to be poorly trained , " Ainsworth said . "  He put himself so close to Mr. Shaw that he escalated the situation . " The police chief said the officer is no longer on the force , but he did n't say why he left or where he 'd gone . Lt. Johnny King , who has been with the department for nearly 28 years , said he knew of only two police shooting fatalities in all that time . With the police chief on vacation and out of town on the day of the viewing , it was King who showed the video to the family in Selma . He also showed it to CNN . When asked questions , he could only say , "  No comment . " Activist Toure raised other questions , too . She said that while there may have been witnesses who said they saw Ananias Shaw rushing the officer , there was also a witness who said she saw no such thing . Resident Betty Ford said she and her daughter were on their front porch when she saw police following Shaw through her yard . She pointed to the place in front of her home where she said the officer shot the man dead . Ford said she did n't see him raise the hatchet . She said he was n't threatening anyone . But Ford was never called to testify before the grand jury , Toure said . Why is that ? District Attorney Michael Jackson had an answer . He said Ford was not called because her words would not have changed the video . "  What 's the point ? " he said . "  You can bring in 50 witnesses and it would not change what the tape clearly shows . " Though the police force has since acquired Tasers , officers did n't have them at the time . "  The officer only had one choice , " Jackson said . But Edward Shaw said there was no reason for the police to give his brother chase . "  They flushed him out like a rabbit " and treated his brother like "  a nobody , " he said . "  Life beat him down , but he was a good man . "	Family of Ananias Shaw questions circumstances of his death Police say he was shot after threatening them with an ax Police lapel camera video is shown to family , CNN
CNN  -- The North Korean rocket launch that threw its neighbors in the Asian region into high alert was greeted with relief on Friday as previously jittery stock markets gained ground and bans on activities in its projected flight path were relaxed . Meanwhile , China state media labeled Japanese missile defense plans against the launch as a "  pretext " to contain Beijing . South Korea and Japanese governments strongly condemned the North Korean rocket launch , but some critics in Japan questioned why it took Tokyo so long to officially react to the launch . North Korean rocket launches in the past have flown over parts of southern Japan , heightening tensions in the buildup to Friday 's failed launched . In a press conference , Japanese lawmaker Osamu Fujimura told people to "  stay calm and go about their normal business , " the Daily Yomiuri reported . However , Osaka Mayor Toru Hashimoto complained on Twitter that there had been no government statement on the rocket until 8:31 a.m. -- nearly an hour after the launch . "  Information from the television was much faster , " he said . China Daily ran a piece saying , "  DPRK launch is just a pretext . " "  Japan hopes to use the DPRK 's satellite launch to examine its missile defense capabilities under simulated conditions , " said the opinion piece in the state-run publication . The launch is a "  proactive policy for containing China and reinforcing its hold on islands it seized from China . " Likewise the U.S. deployed its most advanced radar system to the region and "  taking advantage of the launch , to persuade Japan , the ROK  Republic of Korea  and Australia to create a regional missile shield , " the article said . North Korean defectors in China told Japan 's Asahi newspaper that the cash spent on the rocket should have gone on food . "  Until I saw the television news in China , I had been grateful because the satellite launch would be proof of the development of our country 's science and technology , " a female defector told Asahi . "  But after learning about the expenses of launching the satellite from news reports during the past week , I feel very sad . " "  I would say Great Leader Kim Jong Il got along well with the international community , " the defector told Asahi . "  Having moved to the era of his son  Kim Jong Un  , I am worried about where our country is heading . " Seoul said Pyongyang has to take full responsibility for the launch it condemned as a provocative threat to peace and stability in Northeast Asia , according to Yonhap , the state affiliated news agency . South Korea 's major business organizations strongly criticized the launch . In a statement , the Federation of Korean Industries denounced the launch as a "  provocative " act that threatened peace on the Korean Peninsula , Yonhap reported . Meanwhile , South Korea stocks opened higher after the launch , signaling that there likely would be little economic repercussions from the launch , the news agency said . The Philippines lifted a ban on flying , fishing and sailing in some parts of Luzon after the failed launch , but still had a no-fly zone in effect in some areas that authorities feared may have been in the flight path of the rocket . But some criticized the government 's pre-launch preparations as an overreaction , GMA News reported . "  The government 's  ` disaster preparedness ' is unprecedented in this instance since we do not see such a level of preparation and activity when typhoons arrive in the country , " said Giovanni Tapang , a professor at the University of the Philippines National Institute of Physics . CNN 's Kevin Voigt , Jaime FlorCruz , Tian Shao and Paula Hancocks contributed to this article	China state media labeled Japanese plans against the launch as a "  pretext " to contain Beijing South Korea and Japanese governments strongly condemned the North Korean rocket launch some critics in Japan questioned why it took Tokyo so long to officially react to the launch
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Hurricane Gustav did n't pack the wallop of Katrina three years earlier , officials said Monday , but they urged almost 2 million evacuees to stay away from the Gulf Coast for another day . A man walks past a storefront that collapsed as Hurricane Gustav passed through Lafayette , Louisiana , on Monday . "  Tomorrow is not a day to start coming back to the city of New Orleans , " Mayor Ray Nagin said Monday night . "  Power lines are down all over the city ; there 's a significant number of homes and businesses that are without power , " Nagin said . Still , he said , Gustav did n't do the damage feared a few days ago , a possible repeat of 2005 's Hurricane Katrina . "  I 'd probably call Gustav , instead of the mother of all storms , maybe the mother-in-law or the ugly sister of all storms , " Nagin said . Across Louisiana , more than 800,000 people were without electricity , and some may not see it restored for two weeks or more , Gov. Bobby Jindal said . At a news conference with Jindal , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff urged Gulf Coast residents who evacuated to stay away until damage could be assessed . But even those who fled faced hardships . About 2,700 people who took up short-term residence Monday in the Louisiana State University Agriculture Center in Alexandria were told that the buildings generator power was not reaching the plumbing system , meaning no showers and no flushing toilets , said John Barnett , head of the facilities . "  It 's really crowded , and everybody 's just trying to do their best , " said Kesha Harlow , who was there with her daughter , 8 , and her son , 2 months . "  We 're just waiting for the storm to blow over . " Gustav roared from the Gulf of Mexico into southern Louisiana on Monday as a Category 2 hurricane with sustained winds of 110 mph , bringing fierce winds and heavy rains from the Alabama-Florida border west into Texas . In Baton Rouge , Louisiana , two people were killed when a tree fell on the house where they were staying after they had come from farther south to escape the storm , officials said . A man was killed in a similar incident in north Lafayette , Louisiana , officials said . Four hospice patients died while waiting for air ambulances to evacuate them from southern Louisiana , according to Richard Zuschlag , chairman and CEO of Acadian Ambulance . Gustav was blamed for more than 60 deaths in the Caribbean , including 51 in southwestern Haiti . At 10 p.m. CT , Gustav was a tropical storm with sustained winds of 60 mph , the National Hurricane Center said . In New Orleans , Gustav drove sheets of water over the protective levees around the Industrial Canal early Monday afternoon , but the walls appeared to hold up under the onslaught as the winds faded . Up to 6 feet of water spilled into an industrial park in the Upper 9th Ward late Monday morning , pouring through small gaps in the concrete flood walls before receding in the afternoon . Watch water spill over the levee " But as the storm eased , inspectors from the Army Corps of Engineers and parish levee boards went out to check on the earthen walls and have found nothing to raise alarm , said Col. Craig Gunter , a Corps of Engineers spokesman . iReport.com : See one reader 's footage of the levee "  The levees all held up , " Nagin said . "  I was hoping that this would happen , that we would be able to stand before America and before everyone and say we had some success with the levee system . " With the water level in Lake Pontchartrain north of the city rising , the Army Corps of Engineers closed flood gates on the 17th Street Canal and the London Avenue Canal , two areas that caused some of the more severe flooding during Katrina . Official feared late Monday afternoon that a private levee south of New Orleans was in danger of failing , but water levels receded , and sandbagging efforts appeared to have paid off . "  We have stopped the bleeding , and I am very encouraged by what we are seeing , " Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser said of the levee in Braithwaite . Gustav made landfall Monday morning near the coastal town of Cocodrie , Louisiana , about 80 miles southwest of New Orleans . iReport : Watch winds rip New Orleans rooftop The storm 's eastern bands , which generally pack the most powerful winds , also hammered Mississippi as Gustav moved to the west of New Orleans . In Biloxi , Mississippi , iReporter Kevin Wise , who lives two blocks from the beach , said Gustav had pushed the Gulf waters into a highway about 100 yards from the normal shoreline . "  On the beach , it was blowing hard enough that you had to squat down to take a picture ; it could pretty much throw you around , " he said . Wise said he and his wife ignored mandatory evacuation orders for his area . Almost 2 million residents evacuated the Louisiana coast , but some in New Orleans opted to brave the storm . "  It really did n't look as vicious as , obviously , Katrina did , " Jack Bosma said . Watch gales batter home , reporter " He said the wind scattered his back gate across his yard , but his power was on , and neighbors had been congregating on his porch . "  It 's really , quite honestly , basically , just like a bad storm . It does n't seem that drastic at all , " he said . iReport.com : Did you stay ? Share your story Property damage from Gustav could total $ 8 billion , just 25 percent of Sunday 's estimate , according to a federally supported computer projection issued Monday morning . See damage map " Meanwhile , forecasters said late Monday that Hurricane Hanna was nearly stationary in the Bahamas . At 11 p.m. ET , Hanna had maximum sustained winds of 80 mph , making it a Category 1 storm . Hanna could make landfall Friday near the Georgia/South Carolina border , possibly as a Category 2 storm with winds of 100 mph . And in the far eastern Atlantic , Tropical Storm Ike formed Monday with maximum sustained winds of 50 mph , the National Hurricane Center said . It was headed toward the Bahamas CNN 's Kathleen Koch , Jeanne Meserve , Mike Ahlers , Morgan Neill , Matt Sloane , Susan Roesgen , Chris Lawrence and Ali Velshi contributed to this report .	NEW : Gustav downgraded to tropical storm NEW : About 2 million evacuees urged to stay away while damaged assessed 800,000 lose electricity , may take weeks to restore , Louisiana governor says Watch breaking hurricane news live on CNN.com
CNN  -- A personal envoy to North Korea 's leader indicated Kim Jung Un was open to restarting nuclear disarmament talks , a move that came as China 's leader delivered a blunt message to Pyongyang to return to the negotiating table , Chinese state-run media reported Friday . Kim 's personal envoy , who was on a three-day visit to China , hand-delivered a letter from Kim to President Xi Jinping at a meeting in Beijing before returning to North Korea on Friday , according to state media . While the contents of the letter were not released by the government , the envoy -- Choe Ryong-hae -- told Chinese officials that his country is willing to "  take positive actions to solve problems through dialogue , " the state-run China Daily reported . Choe did not offer any details on when or how it would jumpstart the so-called six-party talks . The talks , which include the United States and China , fell apart in 2008 when Pyongyang pulled out over disagreements over proposed nuclear inspections . Most observers agree that Pyongyang is unlikely to return to talks where there are pre-conditions that it rid itself of nuclear weapons . North Korea is believed to have a limited nuclear ballistic missile capability , but with a low reliability . Choe said Kim 's goal with sending the letter is to "  improve , consolidate and develop " relations between North Korea and China , state news agency Xinhua reported . During the meeting , Xi told Choe that North Korea needed to "  stick to solving problems through dialogue and consultation , " according to China Daily and CCTV . Xi 's demand comes just two weeks before he is scheduled to meet with U.S. President Barack Obama in California . In another meeting , Chinese Gen. Fan Changlong told Choe that recent tensions have "  jeopardized the peace and stability of the peninsula , " Xinhua reported . Tensions between Pyongyang , Beijing and Washington spiked this year amid a flurry of fiery North Korean threats against the United States and South Korea . The angry rhetoric appeared to be fueled by tougher U.N. sanctions against the North after it carried out its third underground nuclear test in February , as well as by annual military drills in the region by the United States and South Korea . The intensity of the North 's rhetoric appears to have subsided in recent weeks , and the U.S.-South Korean drills finished at the end of April . This month , North Korea test-fired rockets after criticizing the presence of a U.S. nuclear-powered aircraft carrier at a South Korean port and its reported participation in joint naval drills . ` Living history ' - North Korean border town opens to Western tourists	China 's president strongly urged North Korea to return to the negotiating table "  Stick to solving problems through dialogue and consultation , " Xi Jinping says Kim Jong Un 's personal envoy said North Korea was open to talks
New York  CNN  -- Police took actor Charlie Sheen to a hospital early Tuesday after responding to a call at New York 's Plaza Hotel concerning "  an emotionally disturbed person , " a law enforcement source said . Sheen 's representative blamed an "  adverse allergic reaction " to a medication for the hospitalization . "  Charlie Sheen has been discharged from a hospital in New York and is returning to Los Angeles today , " Sheen representative Stan Rodenfield said Tuesday afternoon . "  Everything else is speculation . " Police would only identify the man as a 45-year-old white male , but a law enforecement source who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak confirmed it was Sheen . Sheen is 45 . A woman was in Sheen 's hotel room when police arrived , the source said . The source would not identify the woman . An ambulance carried him from the hotel to New York Downtown Hospital at 1:30 a.m. , a New York Police Department spokesman said . "  What we are able to determine is that Charlie had an adverse allergic reaction to some medication and was taken to the hospital , where he is expected to be released tomorrow , " Rosenfield said . Sheen spent at least a month this year at a Malibu , California , rehab center , but it was never disclosed what he was treated for there . A Colorado judge allowed the actor to count his time at Promises of Malibu toward a 30-day jail sentence after he entered a guilty plea in August to a charge in Aspen , Colorado . The plea deal reduced the charges from felony domestic violence charges to a misdemeanor third-degree assault count . The case stemmed from Sheen 's arrest on Christmas Day after his wife , Brooke Mueller , told Aspen police he threatened her with a knife at their holiday home . Sheen 's three months of unsupervised probation ends on November 2 , according to an Aspen court official . Since police did not file charges relating to Tuesday 's New York incident , it has no bearing on the Colorado case , the official said . The son of actor Martin Sheen , Charlie Sheen recently signed a new contract last summer to continue with his hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan and Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : Sheen left the hospital Tuesday Law enforcement source confirms Sheen was the person hospitalized Source : Unidentified woman was in Sheen 's hotel room Police report finding an "  emotionally disturbed person " at New York 's Plaza Hotel
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Families and friends of the more than 300 people killed in Russia 's worst school massacre marked the fifth anniversary of the tragedy Tuesday . Mourners visit the Beslan school gymnasium on the fifth anniversary of the massacre . At exactly 9:15 a.m. , a bell rang out over the city of Beslan and the remnants of School Number 1 , where 32 heavily armed militants took more than 1,200 people -- children , parents and teachers -- hostage on the first day of school in 2004 . Russian television showed hundreds of people lined up at the school 's gymnasium , where the hostages were herded . They brought flowers , toys and water bottles -- symbolizing the water the captives were denied . Dozens of pictures of slain pupils lined the walls . The militants demanded that Russia withdraw from the breakaway republic of Chechnya . For three days , the world watched as Russian special forces took up positions around the school and town , and parents of students inside the building waited behind barricades , hopeful for a happy ending to the ordeal . But for many , there was none . Five years later , criticism still swirls about how the government has handled the investigation of the attack . Officials say a militant set off a bomb on the third day of the siege , prompting special forces to respond with a barrage of gunfire . Killed in the crossfire were 334 people -- more than 180 of them children . However , some relatives of the victims , as well as human rights organizations , say the bloodshed began with a government sniper firing at a militant . The only known attacker to survive was Nur-Pashi Kulayev , who was sentenced to life in prison in 2006 . In an address Tuesday marking the first day of the school year , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev made no mention of the Beslan massacre . Just one more sign , critics say , that the government has left the tragedy in the past . Coverage of the anniversary was also overshadowed by media attention to the 70th anniversary of the beginning of World War II . But relatives of the Beslan massacre victims are still searching for answers , and asking if anything has changed in the still-restive North Caucuses .	32 militants took more than 1,200 people hostage at the school in 2004 Militants demanded Russia withdraw from breakaway republic of Chechnya 334 people -- including 180 children -- died during attempt to end siege Criticism remains about how government has handled investigation of attack
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Occupy Central in Hong Kong , one of the last outposts of the global protests sparked by the Occupy Wall Street movement , has been ordered to clear its encampment outside one of the world 's largest banks . For ten months , protestors have gathered at HSBC 's headquarters in the heart of Hong Kong 's financial district to air their grievances against corporate greed and social inequality But on Monday , a Hong Kong court ruled in favor of HSBC 's request to remove protesters camped by the entrance of its Asia-Pacific headquarters . Although the bank is required by law to provide a passageway for pedestrians at its headquarters , the court ruled that protesters have no legal right to stake their ground . "  We welcome the decision of the court , " HSBC spokesperson Gareth Hewett wrote in an email , adding that protesters will have two weeks to clear out before the bank intervenes . While the number of active protestors has dwindled , more than a dozen tents remain at the site . Ho Yiu Sing , one of three defendants who appeared in court on Monday , has camped under the bank since November . The former financial analyst said he was treated unfairly in court and was disappointed by the verdict . He plans to leave the encampment , but hopes to find an alternate place to protest . "  Nowadays , most Hong Kong people are n't happy , " Ho said . "  The workers work for their whole lives for Hong Kong but they do n't have money to buy food . " Chin Tang , an active Occupy Central member who works as a freelance graphic designer , said the protest sends a crucial anti-capitalist message to a city that is fueled by finance . "  We plan on coming back if they decide to evict us by force but we 're not going to leave voluntarily , " she added . The order to evict Occupy protestors in Hong Kong comes a week after police cleared Occupy Frankfurt 's encampment outside the European Central Bank 's headquarters . Most Occupy encampments in major cities have not enjoyed such longevity . Protestors at Occupy Wall Street -- where the first Occupy protest took place -- were evicted by police from their Zuccotti Park grounds two months in . London 's iconic protest at Finsbury Square was removed by the local council after eight months . The Occupy movement , which grew to encompass 900 cities , stemmed from a call for an "  occupation " of New York City 's financial center , published in Adbusters , an anti-consumerism magazine based in Vancouver , Canada . The grassroots movement has attracted a disparate group of protesters , bound by grievances toward socioeconomic inequality .	Occupy protest in Hong Kong ordered by court to clear encampment Protesters had been camping outside HSBC headquarters for 10 months HSBC says protesters have two weeks to clear out
CNN  -- Casey Anthony , accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter Caylee in 2008 , was determined competent to proceed with her capital murder trial after she was examined by three psychologists over the weekend , the judge said Monday . The psychologists ' reports will be sealed , said Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. outside the presence of the jury . "  Based on privileged communications between Casey Marie Anthony and her counsel , counsel reasonably believes that Ms. Anthony is not competent to aid and assist in her own defense and is incompetent to proceed , " said the motion , filed by defense attorneys Saturday under seal and made public Monday . "  As a result of this well-founded concern , counsel requests a full competency determination before the continuation of trial proceedings . " It was implied -- but not expressly stated -- that the motion was the reason for the abrupt recess Perry called on Saturday morning . Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading police , in her daughter 's death . Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against her . Anthony 's defense team is trying to discredit the prosecution theory that the Orlando woman rendered Caylee unconscious with chloroform , duct-taped her mouth and nose , and stored the body in her car trunk for a few days before dumping it in the woods . The defense says Caylee accidentally drowned in the family pool and that Anthony and her father , George , panicked and covered it up . George Anthony has denied that theory . Anthony 's defense attorneys also filed a motion Monday asking Perry to reconsider an earlier decision and declare Florida 's death penalty law unconstitutional . The motion cites a June 20 decision by U.S. District Judge Jose Martinez , which found the method used to reach a death sentence in Florida is improper "  because it does not require a jury to make the findings of fact necessary to impose a death sentence . " Anthony 's attorneys had previously filed a motion asking for the statute to be declared unconstitutional , and Perry denied it . After the Martinez decision , they are asking him to reconsider . "  Because Florida 's death penalty procedure is unconstitutional , the death penalty should be precluded as a potential sentence , " according to the motion . In the case Martinez ruled on , Evans v. McNeil , the jury recommended a sentence of death on a 9-3 vote but did not say on which aggravating factors it based the decision . A motion to alter or amend has been filed in the case -- basically a motion asking Martinez to reconsider . Jurors heard Monday from two men who worked for Casey Anthony 's parents , George and Cindy Anthony , after Caylee 's disappearance on June 16 , 2008 . Private investigators James Hoover and Dominic Casey both said they provided security services at the Anthony home from "  protesters " who would show up . Hoover said he was working as a citizen although he is a licensed private investigator . The two said they spent two days in November 2008 searching a wooded area for Caylee 's body . The search site was near where the remains were found a month later . A videotape of that search was played for jurors . Casey told defense attorney Ann Finnell the search was prompted by a phone tip he received from a psychic . Both defense attorney Jose Baez and prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick accused Hoover of attempting to cash in on his association with the case by trying to sell the tape of the search , but he denied that , saying he actually thought he had taped over the search and only discovered later he had not . He did say he at one point was going to sell some photographs of the search and give the money to Casey and the Anthony family . "  I did n't need it , " he said . Jurors also heard from Kenneth Furton , a professor of chemistry and biochemistry at Florida International University and director emeritus of the university 's International Forensic Research Institute . Furton testified that he studies chemicals emitted by both live and dead people . Chloroform can be given off in small amounts by a decomposing body . One prosecution expert , Arpad Vass of Tennessee 's Oak Ridge National Laboratory , described the levels of the substance in the trunk of Anthony 's white Pontiac Sunfire as "  shockingly high . " Several witnesses also testified for the state about odors that they said smelled like the unmistakable scent of human decomposition . Furton said there are alternative explanations for the chloroform found in the trunk , noting the compound is found in a number of household items , particularly bleach . On his cross-examination , prosecutor Jeff Ashton held up the black spare tire cover from Anthony 's trunk . Furton acknowledged that if bleach had been poured directly on the carpet , the cover would have showed some evidence of that . Also , Furton said , the chemical reactions that produce chloroform also produce other substances . Testing was not done to determine whether any of those substances were present , he said -- either by him or by the Oak Ridge laboratory . Furton said there is no instrumentation that can record with scientific validity the presence or absence of human decomposition , and said his studies suggest there are chemical compounds unique to human decomposition that were not present in Vass ' analysis of the air samples from the trunk . On cross-examination , however , he acknowledged that a decomposing human body would explain the presence of the compounds that Vass found , but Furton said a bag of garbage that was left in the trunk for weeks could have contributed . Before a lunch break , Furton testified that the Oak Ridge laboratory should have done a quantitative analysis to determine how much chloroform was present in the trunk in order to state its importance . Orange County Sheriff 's Office Detective Yuri Melich , the lead investigator in the case , was also recalled to the stand Monday . Baez questioned Melich in an effort to cast doubt on the thoroughness of the investigation . Under questioning , Melich acknowledged that he did not subpoena George Anthony 's cell tower records , showing where he was when calls were made or received . Asked whether that might have helped investigators , Melich said it would have , "  if I had had a reason to believe it would play a part in this case , which at the time I did not . " He said he also did not seize a computer belonging to Roy Kronk , the meter reader who discovered Caylee 's remains in a wooded area near the Anthony home on December 11 , 2008 . Melich testified he had no reason to do so . Melich also said that cadaver dogs were not deployed on George and Cindy Anthony 's cars , only on Casey Anthony 's . On cross-examination , Burdick asked Melich whether anyone ever reported that either of those cars smelled like a dead body , and he said they did not . Monday marks the beginning of the sixth week of testimony in the trial , which began with opening statements on May 24 . Perry originally told jurors , who are being housed in an Orlando hotel shielded from media coverage of the trial , that the trial could last six to eight weeks . On Friday -- before Saturday 's delay -- Baez said he expected the defense to rest on Wednesday or possibly Thursday . That would leave room for a rebuttal case from the prosecution and closing statements before the Independence Day holiday . Saturday was planned as a full day in the trial , and it was unclear how the day 's delay would affect those plans . Testimony on Monday lasted until after 7 p.m. Caylee was not reported missing to police until July 15 , 2008 , when Cindy Anthony , tracked down her daughter Casey and demanded answers regarding Caylee 's whereabouts . Prosecution witnesses described Casey Anthony 's behavior in the month after Caylee was last seen as nonchalant , testifying that she spent time with her boyfriend , went shopping and to nightclubs -- but told no one her daughter was missing . They testified they noticed no change in her demeanor . Baez said in his opening statement that Anthony behaved as she did because years of sexual abuse by her father had conditioned her to conceal the truth and hide her pain . George Anthony has denied the claims that he abused his daughter or helped conceal his granddaughter 's death . In Session 's Grace Wong , Jean Casarez , Jessica Thill and Michael Christian contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Jurors see a videotape of a November 2008 search for Caylee 's remains The defense motion cites a June 20 ruling by a federal judge Three psychologists examined Anthony over the weekend at her attorneys ' request The judge abruptly called a recess in her murder trial Saturday
New York  CNN  -- The controversial head of a Muslim congregation in New York announced the launch of a "  multinational , multifaith movement " meant to improve understanding and build trust between "  people of all cultures and faith traditions , " according to a statement released Tuesday . Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf , the public face of a recent political firestorm surrounding the construction of an Islamic center in Lower Manhattan , is now spearheading what he calls the Cordoba Movement . The initiative is meant to broaden his groups ' work in promoting religious tolerance and "  expand learning among Muslims , Jews , Christians and people of all faiths , " the statement said . "  We must retake the discourse among religions and cultures from the hands of the extremists around the world who benefit from hatred and violence , " Rauf said in the statement . "  We must stop this downward spiral of hatred , mistrust and misunderstanding if our world is to have a peaceful future . " It is unclear how the initiative will work to accomplish that goal . Rauf ran into opposition in his efforts on behalf of Park 51 , a 13-story Islamic community center that would be two blocks from the former site of the World Trade Center . The center is part of a collaboration between the American Society for Muslim Advancement and the Cordoba Initiative . It is to feature a mosque , performing arts center , a gym , a swimming pool , and other public spaces . Its proximity to the location where two commercial jets hijacked by Muslim extremists crashed into the twin towers of the trade center in 2001 prompted protests that drew the issue into a global debate over Islam 's place in the United States . Some six in 10 Catholics and Mormons think another location should be found , according to a recent Gallup survey . Less than a third of Muslims , other non-Christians and non-religious Americans feel the same way , the survey found , and Protestants and other Christians fell in the middle . Last month , organizers said they canceled a Thanksgiving prayer service at the site that was to feature joint appearances by a Christian minister and a rabbi , citing scheduling conflicts . The new project is an effort to counter accusations from congressmen and talk-show hosts that link Muslim terrorism to the broader Islamic religion , Tuesday 's statement said . "  The Islam that I have studied all my life , the Islam that I preach , is all about worshipping God and loving your neighbor , " Rauf said . "  The same core values are common to all the world 's cultures and faith traditions . These are the same values of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness on which the United States was founded . "	Feisal Abdul Rauf launches a "  multinational , multifaith movement " The initiative is meant to broaden his groups ' work in promoting religious tolerance Rauf : "  The Islam that I preach is all about worshipping God and loving your neighbor "
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II is to meet a former IRA commander , Martin McGuinness , during her visit to Northern Ireland next week . McGuinness , now a Sinn Fein politician , is the deputy first minister of Northern Ireland . The meeting is being seen as highly symbolic . Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams confirmed that McGuinness will meet the queen at an event in Belfast to celebrate art and culture across Ireland . "  Because this involves Martin meeting the British monarch , this will cause difficulty for Republicans and nationalists who have suffered at the hands of British forces in Ireland over many decades , " he said in a printed statement . However , the party had agreed that McGuinness should meet the queen "  in the context of conflict resolution and national reconciliation , as well as our own republican national objectives , " he said . The event is not connected with the queen 's diamond jubilee celebrations , he said . "  This is a significant initiative involving major political and symbolic challenges for Irish republicans , " Adams added . "  As the record of the peace process demonstrates , Irish republicans have frequently been prepared to take bold and historic initiatives and risks for peace to break stalemates and find agreements . " The meeting follows the queen 's historic visit to the Republic of Ireland in May of last year . It was the first visit by a British monarch to the republic since it gained independence in 1921 and marked a reconciliation between neighboring countries , who once viewed each with suspicion and hostility . An IRA bomb killed one of the queen 's relatives , Lord Mountbatten , in 1979 . IRA members have also killed police officers and soldiers in Northern Ireland , who serve in the queen 's name . The nationalist community in Northern Ireland sees the British as occupiers and wants their rule in the province to end . McGuinness has admitted that he was a leader of the Provisional IRA during the 30-year conflict in Northern Ireland between pro-British and pro-Irish forces . In recent years , he has received death threats from hard-line dissident IRA splinter groups because of his support for the peace process . He stood for Ireland 's presidency last year but returned to his post as deputy first minister of Northern Ireland when his campaign was unsuccessful . Accepting his party 's nomination last September , he said republicans have an obligation to "  heal the wounds of their actions . " The majority of the island gained independence in 1921 , following two years of conflict , but six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom , eventually becoming the country of Northern Ireland . In the late 1960s the conflict between mainly Protestant unionists who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom and largely Roman Catholic nationalists who want the North to be reunited with the rest of Ireland exploded into a political and sectarian war , known as the Troubles . The three decades of ensuing violence between the IRA and loyalists claimed the lives of more than 3,000 people , most of them north of the border , and while the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 effectively ended the conflict , suspicions remain . For this reason the queen 's state visit is more than symbolic . Under the terms of the landmark accord , terrorist groups on both sides dumped their weapons , and political allies of the two now work together in Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government . Journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	NEW : Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams says the meeting is part of national reconciliation NEW : "  This will cause difficulty for Republicans and nationalists , " he acknowledges Queen Elizabeth II will meet ex-IRA leader Martin McGuinness in Northern Ireland next week McGuinness is now a Sinn Fein politician and deputy first minister of Northern Ireland
Korean opera singer Sumi Jo is one of the best-loved sopranos of her generation who has performed at ceremonies for an Olympic Games and a football World Cup . In a career spanning 26 years , she was the first Asian opera singer to achieve worldwide success and has won accolades and fans all over the world , from a Grammy award to being elected a UNESCO Artist for Peace . "  Everyday when I wake up , I thank God that I can sing , " she says . "  Life is such a precious gift so everyday is beautiful to me . " But the success has not come without sacrifices . At the age of 19 , she traveled alone half way round the world from her native South Korea to Italy to kick start her career in the home of opera , and has been traveling ever since . Far from her friends and family , Jo said she was one of very few Asians in Italy at the time . "  I went there just because I wanted to study opera but I did n't realize that it could be that difficult , " she says . "  I had to face a lot of things I did n't know . I did n't know how to cook , I did n't know any Italian and I had to cook and I had to deal with other people . "  The first year I changed my room seven times . " Jo said a puppy she found in the street became her only companion in Italy . "  In that terrible period no one was there , no parents , no friend , I was completely alone , but she was there and she gave me a lot of joy and she kept me company and she lived 15 years with me . " Also on Leading Women : Your top-flight lawyer ? She 's a stay-at-home mom Today she owns three beloved dogs and is involved with an animal rights charity in South Korea . Despite the difficulties , Jo went on to achieve incredible success . She has made more than 50 recordings , including 10 solo albums , one of which won a Grammy award in 1993 . She has performed the title role in at least four operas at New York 's Metropolitan Opera , and at most of the world 's major opera houses . Jo also performed at the Opening Ceremony of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games and the 2002 Football World Cup in South Korea . She has also taken part in pop projects recently , and featured on the soundtrack for the mini-series "  Mildred Pierce " starring Kate Winslet and Guy Pierce . Jo says she was destined to be an opera singer before she was even born , as her mother had dreamed of being a singer herself and had been thwarted by political upheaval . "  She was born during the Japanese occupation and then she went through the Korean War , " Jo says . "  My mother suffered a lot , hunger and misery , but she was unhappy not having cultural stimulation . "  So she always thought if she had a baby girl she wanted to make her an opera singer and here that 's why I 'm here . My destiny was already decided by her . " Jo began piano and singing lessons early , but says she missed out on a conventional carefree childhood . "  I still think that pushing a child too much could also could be quite cruel and unfair , " she says . "  For my case probably it worked because , thank god , I had to the talent . I think that children should play more and let them do what they want . " Devotion to her career even meant Jo missing her father 's funeral , after he died in 2006 while she was in Paris . "  I just wanted to go to Korea right away , " she said . "  My mother told me by phone she said , ` You should stay there to sing for your public because for me you are not a simple a daughter for me . I consider you an artist so you should stay there for and sing for you audience . ' "  It was such an incredible moment . I can not tell you . I could n't say any words . " Also on Leading Women : $ 800 million biotech business started in a garage Jo sang at a concert the next evening while the funeral was happening in South Korea , and later released the recording as a DVD dedicated to her father . "  I announced to the audience my situation and everybody stood up and applauded , " she says . "  I was n't able to assist him at the end , but I have this gift for him so I hope he will forgive me . At the age of 49 , Jo is still working to achieve the balance between work and home life that she craves . "  I somehow realized I have been missing something , my family , my home , my country , but it 's not so easy because I always wanted to do something new , new music , new theater , new recordings , so it 's difficult to have a balance . " She added : "  I wish I could be more happy . Sometimes I see myself sad and lonely , but I think I deserve to be more happy . It means that I need to grow up . I still feel like a beginner even if I had been singing many years . "	Sumi Jo was the first Asian opera singer to achieve worldwide success The South Korean singer has made 50 recordings and 10 solo albums Her mother decided she should be an opera singer before she was born , she said
EW . com  -- Despite the departure of star Matt Damon and director Paul Greengrass , the "  Bourne " franchise still ruled the box office this weekend . "  The Bourne Legacy , " Universal 's $ 125 million sequel/reboot , which stars Jeremy Renner as a new  but similarly brainwashed  secret agent , topped the chart with an estimated $ 40.3 million from 3,745 locations . The action film debuted higher than franchise launchpad "  The Bourne Identity , " which grossed $ 27.1 million in its 2002 opening weekend , but it will need solid word of mouth  which may not be merited by its lukewarm "  B " CinemaScore grade  to match that film 's $ 121.7 million finish . "  Legacy " was unable to reach the heights of its two predecessors , though . "  The Bourne Supremacy " started with $ 52.5 million on the way to $ 176.2 million , and 2007  s "  The Bourne Ultimatum " started with $ 69.3 million en route to a $ 227.5 million finish . The past year has been a great one for Jeremy Renner , who nabbed roles in back-to-back blockbusters "  Mission Impossible : Ghost Protocol " and "  The Avengers , " and while the opening of "  Legacy " is another solid notch on his belt , it still does n't prove definitively that he is a real box office draw . The original "  Bourne " trilogy earned the franchise a tremendous amount of goodwill from audiences , and it 's that franchise trust that likely benefited "  Legacy "  and "  Mission , " and "  Avengers "  more than Renner 's presence . Whether the formidable actor can pull in audiences on his own remains to be seen . Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis ' election comedy "  The Campaign " took second place with $ 27.4 million . The R-rated laugher kicked off its run in the same range as Ferrell 's last live-action wide release "  The Other Guys "  $ 35.5 million  , and Galifianakis ' last non - "  Hangover " comedy "  Due Date "  $ 32.7 million  . While "  The Campaign 's " grosses are a bit lower than those movies  and recent R-rated hit "  21 Jump Street , " which opened with $ 36.1 million  , the debut frame is remarkably impressive considering the subject matter . American audiences have never been particularly receptive to political comedies . "  Team America : World Police "  2004  has found a huge cult following , but it earned just $ 32.8 million in its theatrical run . "  American Dreamz "  2006  gave the "  American Idol " format a political spin , but it topped off at $ 7.2 million . Political tales "  Man of the Year "  2006  and "  Swing Vote "  2008 , an election year  , grossed only $ 37.3 million and $ 16.3 million , respectively . The highest grossing political comedy in recent memory is actually Sacha Baron Cohen 's "  The Dictator , " which was widely perceived as a misfire when it earned $ 59.7 million against a rumored $ 100-plus million budget and massive advertising campaign . Political storylines simply do n't offer audiences the escapism they typically desire at the movies , but between the interest in politics now that we 're in the middle of election season , combined with Ferrell and Galifianakis ' undeniably silly personas , which do n't suggest a serious political point-of-view , "  The Campaign " clicked for ticket buyers , and it will become a solid hit for both actors . Time will tell how high the film actually climbs , though its unenthusiastic "  B - " CinemaScore grade may limit endurance . Due to heavy competition , Warner Bros. ' other big release , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " slipped into third place with $ 19.5 million , a 45 percent drop from last weekend . After four frames , Christopher Nolan 's $ 250 million Batman finale has soared to $ 390.1 million , and it will pass "  The Hunger Games ' " $ 407.3 million cume to become 2012  s second-highest-grossing domestic performer next weekend .  It 's already achieved this title worldwide . In fourth place was "  Hope Springs , " the Meryl Streep/Tommy Lee Jones dramedy  which also stars Steve Carell as their marriage therapist  , which earned $ 15.6 million over the Friday-to-Sunday period in 2,361 theaters . Prospects looked somewhat grim for "  Hope " when it earned a quiet $ 4.5 million over Wednesday and Thursday , but the film 's overwhelmingly older female audience  66 percent were women , 69 percent were 40 or older  , who are n't all relaxing on their summer breaks , turned out in higher volumes for weekend engagements . After five days , the film , which was issued a "  B " CinemaScore grade , has earned $ 20.1 million . Sony paid just $ 15 million to acquire "  Hope Springs " from Mandate , who shelled out $ 29 million to produce the film , and if it proves as leggy as some of Streep 's other films -- "  Julie and Julia " climbed to $ 94.1 million after a $ 20 million weekend , and "  It 's Complicated " earned $ 122.7 million after a $ 22.1 million debut -- it will become a profitable mid-level hit for the studios . "  Diary of a Wimpy Kid : Dog Days " rounded out the top five , dropping 44 percent to $ 8.2 million , which lifts the kiddie flick 's total to $ 30.6 million after ten days . Its predecessor , "  Diary of a Wimpy Kid : Rodrick Rules , " had earned $ 38.2 million at the same point in its run , but that film started with $ 23.7 million , while "  Dog Days " started with just $ 14.6 million -- a difference of $ 9.1 million . Fortunately , strong summer weekday performances have helped "  Dog Days " close the difference to $ 7.6 million , and the $ 22 million Fox film could finish with about $ 45 million . Also of note : last weekend 's top opener , "  Total Recall " plunged 68 percent to $ 8.1 million in its sophomore frame , and has now earned only $ 44.2 million against its $ 125 million budget . 1 . "  The Bourne Legacy " -- $ 40.3 million 2 . "  The Campaign " -- $ 27.4 million 3 . "  The Dark Knight Rises " -- $ 19.5 million 4 . "  Hope Springs " -- $ 15.6 million 5 . "  Diary of a Wimpy Kid : Dog Days " -- $ 8.2 million See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Bourne Legacy " topped the box office with an estimated $ 40.3 million Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis ' election comedy "  The Campaign " took second place Due to heavy competition , "  The Dark Knight Rises " slipped into third place
Justin Bieber 's neighbors want the teen to slow down when he 's driving through their exclusive Calabasas , California , community . "  Somebody 's going to beat him up if he does n't slow down , " the bodyguard for one of the many celebrities who live near the singer told CNN on Wednesday . Retired NFL star Keyshawn Johnson went to Bieber 's home Monday to counsel him about the dangers of going too fast on the residential streets , but Bieber would n't speak to him , Johnson 's rep said . Fan rushes Bieber at Dubai concert Although his rep said Johnson did not report Bieber 's speeding to law enforcement , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman told CNN that two neighbors did call the local sheriff 's station to complain . Deputies visited Bieber 's home in the Oaks , but Bieber refused to talk to them , too , sheriff 's department spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Bieber 's representatives have not responded to CNN 's calls for comment . Raided safe is latest incident to strike discord on Bieber tour	"  Somebody 's going to beat him up , " celebrity neighbor 's bodyguard says Retired NFL star Keyshawn Johnson tried to talk to Bieber at his home , Johnson 's rep says Sheriff 's deputies visited his home , but Bieber refused to talk to them , too Justin Bieber 's rep has not responded to CNN calls for comment
CNN  -- Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has sent letters of invite to both the Pakistani president and prime minister for them to attend the semifinal of the Cricket World Cup between the two nations next week . The match between the two Asian rivals -- two of most passionately supported cricket nations in the world -- takes place in Mohali , India on March 30 , and will provide the biggest clash of the 2011 event . And , with tensions between the nations having been high in recent years , Prime Minister Singh has taken the opportunity to prove India and Pakistan can show unity on what is likely to be a passionate and dramatic occasion . Wajid Shamshul Hasan , Pakistan 's High Commissioner to London , confirmed the invitations to CNN , although he could not confirm whether prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani or president Asif Ali Zardari would be able to take up the Indian offer . Hasan told CNN : "  We consider it to be a step forward and a confidence building measure . Cricket is a religion in India and Pakistan , so there will be a lot of rising passion . "  Both nations love good cricket so it will be a tough contest . I 'm hosting a lunch so that all of my office can watch the game , but I hope the team that plays the best cricket wins . " Wednesday 's showdown will be the biggest fixture between the sporting and political rivals in recent years . The countries have fought three wars since becoming independent from Britain in 1947 and tensions are high after the 2008 attacks carried out by Pakistani militants on the Indian city of Mumbai which killed 166 people . It is not the first time that cricket has united the country 's leaders -- in 2005 General Prevez Musharraf watched a match with Singh in Delhi and in 1987 General Zia-ul-Haq accepted Rajiv Gandhi 's invitation to watch a game in Jaipur . However , it would be the first visit to India by a Pakistani head of state or government for a decade . "  This is a very positive step . It gives hope to people , " prominent Pakistan lawyer and human rights activist Asma Jahangi told Indian television network IBN . "  We 're coming back to cricket diplomacy . The point is not to win the game but the fact that we are playing together . There is excitement on both sides . The politicians have to take this forward in a meaningful way . "	Indian prime minister has sent an invitation to Pakistani leaders to attend World Cup Two rival countries meet in the semifinals of the tournament in Mohali on Wednesday Pakistan prime minister and president have not confirmed if they are going to accept It would be a Pakistani 's first state visit to India for more than 10 years
CNN  -- Twenty-five years ago , America discovered "  one of England 's loudest bands , " courtesy of documentarian Marty DiBergi and his film , "  This Is Spinal Tap . " Christopher Guest , Michael McKean and Harry Shearer will perform Spinal Tap and Folksmen songs on tour . It was all parody -- DiBergi was director Rob Reiner , and cohorts Christopher Guest , Michael McKean and Harry Shearer played the heavy-metal musicians in Spinal Tap -- but for a fictional band , Spinal Tap has had a long afterlife . The film gave birth to several catchphrases , including one -- "  up to 11 " -- that 's made it into the Shorter Oxford English Dictionary . There are Web sites devoted to the Tap , including at least one , http://tap-albums.s5.com/ , that offers a complete discography of the fictional band 's nonexistent albums . And Guest , McKean and Shearer have never left their spandexed alter egos behind . The band reunited for a 1992 album , "  Break Like the Wind , " and again for a 2001 tour . For the latter , the opening act was another Guest-McKean-Shearer collaboration , the Folksmen from Guest 's film "  A Mighty Wind . " Now Shearer , McKean and Guest are hitting the road again , but not as Spinal Tap or the Folksmen . They 're playing ... themselves . "  We 're trying very hard to get across the idea that this is us , and only us , " says Shearer in a phone interview discussing the trio 's "  Unwigged & Unplugged " 30-date acoustic tour , which kicks off Friday in Vancouver , British Columbia . "  And because we do n't often appear as ourselves -- because we most often appear as characters -- we 're trying to dress it up as a treat , a rare treat , to see us as ourselves . " The group will be performing both Spinal Tap and Folksmen songs , though , Shearer adds , " -LSB- we 'll be -RSB- doing these songs kind of in a different way because we 're approaching them as ourselves and not as these characters . " Have no fear , however , Tap fans : A new album , "  Back from the Dead , " is due out in June . Shearer took some time out from tour preparations to talk about Spinal Tap 's origins , the similarities between Tap and Metallica , and how "  Start Me Up " became more closely identified with the Folksmen than the Rolling Stones . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : It 's been 25 years since "  This Is Spinal Tap , " but it 's been much longer since Spinal Tap came together . Do you remember what brought it about -- and who it 's based on ? Shearer : You know , I would like to make a little book composed of all the bands that people have guessed Spinal Tap actually is -- there would be a lot of bands in there . And in fact it is about a lot of bands -- it 's never been about one band . When we did this , the Pythons had already done -LSB- the Beatles parody -RSB- the Rutles , so there had been a piece that ... was a really specific spoof of a really specific band . That was something we did n't want to do -- that had been done . Our notion was to ... sort of encapsulate everything we know about rock 'n' roll -- and everything we found funny or amusing about bands -- into one band . So it was a process of smooshing all that stuff into this fictional band . CNN : Are you familiar about this new movie called "  Anvil " ? -LSB- The documentary , about a real heavy-metal band , has been compared to "  This Is Spinal Tap . " -RSB- Shearer : I 've been reading about it and hearing about it a lot , but I have n't seen it . ... It sounds interesting . The last thing I 've seen along that line was "  Some Kind of Monster . " ... Was that amazing . That was stupefying . ... I heard they had a therapist . But it was n't really a therapist -- it was a life coach . Which is different -- and worse  laughs  . Even more humiliating . It 's one thing to have somebody who 's a therapist , but ... did you ever see "  Starting Over " ? The daytime series on NBC ? CNN : No . Shearer : Oh , four or five women in a house with two life coaches . Oh my God , it was just shocking . Well , "  Some Kind of Monster " is in that vein . CNN : How do you guys go about writing songs ? The songs on the first album were wonderful pastiches of various heavy metal-type things . On the second album you had more styles and brought in guest musicians , including -LSB- renowned session pianist -RSB- Nicky Hopkins for "  Rainy Day Sun . " Shearer : My God , yeah . Nicky had actually come in , I think , to audition for the movie but could n't do the movie or something , but we 'd always dreamed to work with Nicky . How we write the songs -- ... every one is a different experience . In the case of Tap , it 's what seems like a funny idea sort of leads to a riff or some lyrics . In the case of the Folksmen , I think there was more -- at least the stuff Michael and I wrote together -- a sense these certain kinds of songs that became clichs in that era of folk music , and we sort of have to touch each of these bases . CNN : Like "  Blood on the Coal , " a combination of coal mining and train song . Shearer : Yeah ! We saved you the time . It was a twofer . ... There were a lot of songs in that era that were kind of based loosely or less loosely on the Bible , so we wrote "  The Good Book Song , " and then of course the great clich of folk music is the rambler or wandering song , so we wrote "  Never Did No Wanderin ' , " about a guy who just stayed home . CNN : Since you 're going to be performing as you , are you worried that people will show up wondering where the costumes are , or perhaps yell out , "  Hey Harry , I want to hear Smithers , " or "  Hey Chris , do Harlan Pepper " ? Shearer : Each seat will be -LSB- affixed -RSB- with Taser equipment to discourage that . ... Hopefully , we 'll be so entrancing that they wo n't be even thinking of talking to us , except if we ask for questions . But as to what people are expecting , we 're trying very hard to get across the idea that this is us , and only us , and because we do n't often appear as ourselves -- because we most often appear as characters -- we 're trying to dress it up as a treat , a rare treat , to see us as ourselves and doing these songs kind of in a different way , because we 're approaching them as ourselves and not as these characters . CNN : Are you planning to do covers on the order of "  Start Me Up " ? -LSB- The Folksmen covered the Rolling Stones song on the "  Mighty Wind " soundtrack . -RSB- Shearer : "  Start Me Up " is actually the only song that we did n't write that 's in the show . I ca n't resist -LSB- it -RSB- -- none of us can -- but I have a personal affection for it . After the Super Bowl a few years ago in Detroit , where the Stones played halftime , a few weeks later I met somebody who said that "  the soundtrack record of ' A Mighty Wind ' is my 6-year-old son 's favorite CD , and at the Super Bowl that day during halftime , I was in the kitchen making lunch for him and his sister , and the 6-year-old ran into the kitchen as excited as I 'd ever seen him in his life and said , ` Daddy daddy daddy , they 're doing a Folksmen song on the Super Bowl ! ' "	Harry Shearer , Christopher Guest and Michael McKean performing as themselves Trio has been Spinal Tap , the Folksmen in different movies Shearer : "  We 're approaching -LSB- songs -RSB- as ourselves and not as these characters "
CNN  -- American fitness guru Jack LaLanne died Sunday afternoon at his home in Morro Bay , California , according to his long-time agent , Rick Hersh . He was 96 . The cause , said Hersh , was respiratory failure due to pneumonia . LaLanne had been ill for the past week . His wife , Elaine , was at his side , along with his family and friends , Hersh said . No funeral arrangements were announced , but his agent said plans were being made . LaLanne spent decades talking about the healthful benefits of exercise and fitness . He opened his own health spa in California in 1936 , years before the fitness craze swept the United States . LaLanne even designed the world 's first leg-extension machine , along with several other pieces of fitness equipment now standard in the fitness industry . He was born in San Francisco on September 26 , 1914 . A self-confessed sugar - and junk-food addict as a child , he went on to study bodybuilding and weight-lifting by the time he was in his late teens . From the 1950s through the 1980s , LaLanne performed multiple feats of strength and endurance . His first such stunt was an underwater swim the length of the Golden Gate Bridge , loaded with 140 pounds of equipment , in 1954 . He went on to stage many attention-getting events , including completing over a thousand pushups in a little over 20 minutes , and towing 65 boats filled with thousands of pounds of wood pulp in Japan . LaLanne had his own workout program , "  The Jack LaLanne Show . " First broadcast nationally in 1959 , the show went on to run for three decades . In his later years , he was easily recognized because of late-night infomercials on on the benefits of juicing . He also made many appearances on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " and was a friend of the talk show host . "  There was no one like Jack LaLanne , " King said Sunday night . "  He would go on forever ... a true guru . I guess Charles Atlas from the old comic books would be the predecessor for Jack LaLanne . " But it was n't simply LaLanne 's physical prowess that impressed King . "  Elderly people were encouraged by him because he just kept on going , " King said , adding that modern fitness celebrities owe a debt of gratitude to the original impresario of exercise . LaLanne 's wife of 51 years released a statement on her husband 's passing : "  I have not only lost my husband and a great American icon , but the best friend and most loving partner anyone could ever hope for , " Elaine said . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report	Fitness guru Jack LaLanne died at his home in California LaLanne died due to complications from pneumonia LaLanne 's workout program was on the air in the U.S. for three decades Larry King : "  He would go on forever ... a true guru "
CNN  -- Practically from the day the Space Age started on October 4 , 1957 , when the Soviet Union launched the first human-made satellite into Earth orbit , it 's been like this . Every time there 's a conspicuous breakthrough in space , somebody , somewhere will find a way to kill the buzz . After Philae 's touchdown on the comet Wednesday , this hashtag #WeCanLandOnACometButWeCant  as in #WeCanLandOnACometButWeCant find a missing plane on our own planet  started trending in the Twitterverse . Ah , yes . And Americans are especially good at this grousing . People have been shouting "  Oh , wow ! " and then "  Oh no ! " since the 1950s . Americans on the one hand were alarmed that their Cold War nemesis had rockets big enough to hurl heavy metal projectiles at us and on the other were camping outside at night to see the little beeping ball fly over their backyards . Americans ' consensus love-hate for space exploration has assumed many forms over the years . Once the nation got over its collective shock-and-awe of Sputnik , its citizenry demanded that its scientists and politicians figure out a way to get our own projectiles up there ASAP . We did it , with some notable disasters on the way , at which time the moaning over whether we should spend so much taxpayer money on such risky endeavors would begin . We were taken back to those dismal days in recent weeks when a rocket launched by the privately owned  but government contracted  Orbital Sciences Corp. with cargo for the International Space Station exploded in midair shortly after lifting off from Wallops Island , Virginia . Three days later , SpaceShipTwo , built by Virgin Galactic  private , not taxpayer , dollars in this case  as a working prototype for a passenger spacecraft , broke up during a flight test over California 's Mojave Desert and crashed , killing its co-pilot and seriously injuring its pilot . Both these catastrophes were too reminiscent of the serial test failures of the 1950s in which rockets regularly blew up before reaching the stratosphere and test pilots seeking faster , higher records in the same Mojave skies lost their planes and their lives . It was through such trial and error that , eventually , America got proficient enough to send satellites and people into space and succeed much more often than it did n't . And we fell in love . The romance of space flight became part of our national identity , especially after we started sending humans of our own . As we exceeded our planetary boundaries by sending probes , and then men to the moon , other boundaries seemed less daunting and forbidding . And yet , with many cheering and goading the country to fly higher , farther and faster , there were just as many Americans wondering if too many of our resources were being squandered for what was mostly a speculative endeavor . My own cheerleading for space travel was often countered with some spoilsport , honest and sincere , complaining that all that money being shot into the skies could be put to better use on Earth : e.g. . Why do we need to go to Mars when we have all these problems on Earth to solve ? For a long time , I had no strong counterargument . But now , with the space shuttle program literally mounted in museums and no government plans to return to the moon or head for Mars any time soon , I find myself asking how that solving-problems-on-Earth thing is going now . I 'm still waiting for a sensible answer , but I do n't think one exists . The urge to explore and push ourselves out into the universe is not mutually exclusive from the effort to improve our own minds and environment . Consider : Last year , 7 million people visited the National Air and Space Museum in Washington , beating out New York 's Metropolitan Museum of Art by roughly a million . Many of them look at vintage spacecraft and archival mockups and openly wonder where our yearning for adventure has gone since the turn of this century . Even the movies bring this up . "  We used to be explorers and pioneers , " says a character in the just-released science fiction spectacular , "  Interstellar . " "  Now we 're a generation of caretakers . " Christopher Nolan 's film conceives a potential future in which what 's left of NASA has gone underground to figure out options for humankind literally choking to death on ecological decay on Earth . In this future , it seems as though the moon-landing-denial constituency has gained such a foothold in the public schools that a student can get in trouble for suggesting we did in fact land on the moon . Ca n't we all just be happy that human beings can do what the European Space Agency did this week ? Probably not . I 'm just waiting for some troll to claim that it is n't a real breakthrough unless Americans do it first .	Gene Seymour : Philae landing amazing , but people still grouse about whether expense worth it Americans loved-hated space travel since challenge of Sputnik . They want in , but leery of cost He says pioneering is in U.S. DNA ; earthbound endeavors should n't preclude space ones Seymour : "  Interstellar " notes change from explorers to "  caretakers "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As familiar and reassuring as the map of the world is , there is only so much that physical geography can tell us about the state of the planet . Forest loss : This cartogram shows areas where the worst deforestation occured from 1990 to 2000 . A new book , The Atlas of the Real World , has redrawn the map giving vivid new insights and bringing economic , social and environmental data to life . Not since the German meteorologist , Alfred Wegener , sketched out the first detailed theories of continental drift has the world appeared so misshapen , so otherworldly . The 366 cartograms  statistical maps  which make up the book twist , shrink and distend countries and continents into all sorts of shapes and sizes . The book and the accompanying Web site were devised by Daniel Dorling , professor of human geography at the UK 's University of Sheffield , Anna Barford , a research associate at Sheffield and Mark Newman , a professor of physics at the University of Michigan . Work on the project began in earnest in 2006 when Dorling teamed up with Newman , who had co-created a new software technique for creating equal area cartograms the year before . With the software in place , the painstaking task of assembling the data began . The information was drawn from a variety of organizations including the United Nations , the World Health Organization and the World Bank . For ease of visual comparison , territories are split into 12 geographical regions -- e.g. blue for North America , brown for Northern Africa -- and shading marks out specific countries . The range of subjects is impressive , from greenhouse gas emissions , wealth and disease to more obscure data about numbers of dentists and working tractors . John Pritchard , research assistant at University of Sheffield and part of the team working on the project , told CNN : "  I think the maps of disease are particularly shocking and bring home the scale of the problem in Africa better than a table of statistics does . " Indeed , the map of malaria deaths is striking : 94 percent of deaths from malaria occur in Africa , making the continent appear like a vast bloated blob . The rest of the world is reduced to a disparate series of veiny streaks . There are other sobering statistics to consider . In June 2008 , Principal Voices spoke to Head of Research at Oxfam GB Duncan Green about strategies to eradicate poverty . Green talked about the education being crucial to breaking the cycle of poverty , particularly for girls . The new atlas 's Girls not at Primary School cartogram graphically illustrates the lack of female education in many parts of the developing world . Team members are currently working on a map of languages and soon hope to be producing animated maps . "  We have a series of maps that show deaths at various stages , which would be particularly suited to an animation , and we now have a PhD student looking at extending the Web site , including ways of mapping flow . " Pritchard said .	The Atlas of the Real World brings economic , social and environmental data to life 366 cartograms include vivid data on disease , wealth , poverty and the environment Team are extending the collection with maps of language and developing animations
Editor 's note : The following story , based on testimony in Phillip Garrido 's trial for a 1976 kidnapping , contains some sexually explicit material . Phillip Garrido is show in an early mug shot taken in connection with the 1976 rape and abduction case . CNN  -- Fifteen years before the girl was held captive in the shed , there was the woman in the warehouse -- and at least one other woman who escaped capture . Phillip Garrido , who with his wife is charged in the 1991 kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard , had been convicted of kidnapping before . When he stalked , kidnapped and raped Katie Callaway Hall on November 22 , 1976 , he fulfilled an overpowering sexual fantasy that he had methodically planned for weeks , according to court records obtained by CNN . He told police it was his second kidnapping attempt of the day . Those facts came to light in Garrido 's 1977 trial , in which he was convicted and sentenced to 50 years for kidnapping and rape . In her testimony , Hall said Garrido asked for a ride in her car , then bound and handcuffed her before taking her to a small warehouse in Reno , Nevada , where he repeatedly raped her for 5 1/2 hours . It was not an act of impulse . "  He told me he had been renting it -LSB- the small warehouse -RSB- for a couple weeks , preparing it , " Hall testified . Watch how Garrido prepared for and explained the kidnapping " It is CNN policy to withhold the identity of alleged victims of sexual assault . But in this case , Hall recounted her ordeal last week in an interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " saying it changed her life forever . "  I had to tell everyone I met what had happened to me -- because I did n't feel like myself . It was as if I had to explain why I was n't ` normal , ' " she said . Watch Hall describe her ordeal " She was not his first victim that day . The trial transcript reveals that Garrido told authorities that one hour before Hall 's kidnapping , he tried to kidnap another woman , who wrestled away and escaped . And , police in Antioch disclosed last week that Garrido was charged with raping a 14-year-old in 1972 , but the charges were dropped because the victim refused to testify . Watch details of the 1972 case " In the case involving Hall , CNN reviewed the 1977 trial documents , which include Garrido 's psychiatric evaluation and the testimony of Hall and Garrido . The documents reveal a pattern of behavior that Garrido is accused of repeating in the 1991 kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard , who was recently found after being kept in a shed for 18 years . The 32-year-old documents also detail Garrido 's self-described struggle with drugs and his efforts to control his sexual obsessions . Can sex offenders be cured ? " Garrido and his wife , Nancy , have pleaded not guilty to charges involving Dugard 's abduction , but police say he admitted kidnapping her in his initial interview . Police say Garrido and his wife kidnapped Dugard outside her home in South Lake Tahoe , California , and took her to an elaborate compound hidden in the backyard of their Antioch , California , home more than 160 miles away . Tucked behind overgrown trees and a fence were tents , outbuildings and a soundproof shed where Dugard lived with the two daughters she had with her captor . Out of sight Garrido took great pains to make sure nobody could find the camp , not even the parole officer who visited twice a month at times , police said . Hall , too , was taken directly to a carefully prepped small warehouse after her kidnapping . As they drove from South Lake Tahoe , California , where she was abducted , to Reno , she tried to persuade Garrido to rape her in the bushes . "  I asked him , could n't we just pull over and get it over with , " she testified . But Garrido was determined . "  You might as well get that our of your mind ; you are going with me , you have got no choice , " Hall testified Garrido told her , according to court transcripts . "  I have it all planned . " He had set up the mini-warehouse in Reno exactly as he wanted , and worked to ensure nobody would inquire about it . He asked a man who lived in a storage unit 30 feet away to call him should any unknown vehicles show up . The mini-warehouse was meticulously furnished . On the other side of an unassuming metal , garage-style door , the walls were covered in long , heavy rugs hanging from the ceiling . Thick opaque plastic sheets were scattered throughout , creating a maze-like atmosphere that prohibited anyone from seeing all the way through , Hall testified . Staging the attacks In the back , Garrido created a space set up like a stage . At the center was a mattress covered with an old , red satin , hole-ridden sheet and a fur blanket , Hall testified . Illuminating the bed were red , yellow and blue stage lights , with a stack of pornographic magazines and a projector alongside it . His intent , a prosecution psychologist said , could n't have been clearer based on the methodical planning . From the moment she got to the mini-warehouse , Hall said it was clear to her Garrido was a man on a mission . "  He knew what he was doing , " she testified . " -LSB- He -RSB- knew exactly how he was going to do it . " She testified that it was there that he raped her for 5 1/2 hours . As he drank wine and she smoked a small bit of hashish , Hall said she kept track of the time by listening to a radio , which regularly announced the time . Hall did n't know that she was n't originally part of the plan , although Garrido alluded to the fact he had n't targeted her , saying it was n't intentional that she was taken . "  Could have been anybody , " Hall recalled him saying , adding he told her it was her fault because she was attractive . He did n't say that his original plan had gone awry one hour earlier . Victim managed to escape Despite his planning , there was one thing Garrido had n't accounted for -- that one of his intended victims would fight back . One hour before Hall was kidnapped in her own vehicle , Garrido asked a different woman in South Lake Tahoe , California , for a ride . Like Hall , she obliged . But when he tried to handcuff her , he only secured one hand . "  She jumped out of the vehicle , struggling with him , " prosecutors told the judge during a private conversation during the trial . When he unlocked the one handcuff , she escaped by jumping out of the moving car and running up the street . That kidnapping attempt came to light in a conversation between the prosecutor , defense attorney and judge in the case , according to the trial transcript . Despite prosecutors ' wishes , the details of the first kidnapping attempt were kept from the jury , after a judge ruled they were n't necessary to prove Garrido 's intent to kidnap . The court documents also discussed Garrido 's use of marijuana , cocaine and LSD , which Garrido said was so heavy it fueled his sexual desires and sometimes pushed him to a point he could no longer control them . He said he responded to the urges by masturbating in drive-in movie theaters , restaurants , bathrooms , bars and while watching partially clothed or naked women in their homes . An interest in young girls Though police have recently said they never expected Garrido would have kidnapped someone as young as Dugard based on his record , Garrido 's own words during his trial showed young girls did grab his attention . Watch how Garrido slipped through the cracks " He admitted masturbating in his car while watching small girls outside their school . Sometimes , he said , he would open the car door , get out and pull down his pants . His own explanation of his sexual fantasies hinted at an obsession with sexual bondage and captivity . "  There has been a type of bondage pictures , " he said , when asked if certain images heightened his arousal . "  Women in handcuffs , chained . " On the night he took Hall captive and bound her with a leather strap in her car , he said he took four hits of LSD , a drug that he said he used daily for at least four years , sometimes taking up to 10 hits at a time . He said when he used the drug it acted as a sexual stimulant . "  I had this fantasy that was driving me to do this inside of me , " Garrido testified . "  Something that was making me want to do it without -- no way to stop . " Garrido said the urges would strike and continue to build until he was "  overcome " with sexual cravings . Hall was curious , too , even during her kidnapping , what would make Garrido do this to her . So she asked him . "  He said that he did n't get off on pain , " Hall recalled during her testimony . "  It was just a fantasy he had to live out . "	Trial transcripts show Phillip Garrido tried to kidnap woman before Katie Hall in 1976 Garrido methodically prepared places to bring kidnapped Hall Kidnap suspect spoke in trial about his drug-fueled , uncontrollable sexual urges "  You are going with me , you have got no choice , " Hall recalls Garrido saying
CNN  -- Twitter users are rightly aghast that the company on Sunday banned a user for openly criticizing NBC 's coverage of the Olympics . After Guy Adams , a British newspaper reporter for The Independent , posted negative comments about NBC 's tape-delayed Olympics coverage  including one executive 's work e-mail for viewers to make complaints  , Twitter alerted its business partner -- NBC -- and showed the network how to file a complaint capable of shutting down the offending user . Both Twitter and NBC apologized Tuesday , and Twitter restored Adams ' account . Yes , the Twitterverse should be appalled , but we should not be surprised . First off , Twitter is a private , for-profit company . Having provided a free service to millions of Internet users for years , the company is attempting to placate and even pay back investors who have been awaiting returns on millions of venture dollars . This means becoming more restrictive , more top-down and more corporate . Last month , in an effort to raise advertising revenue , the company announced it was closing its API  application program interface  to third-party apps -- meaning people and companies can no longer make applications that stream Twitter data . This makes it harder to see Tweets from places other than Twitter 's own website . It 's an entirely less open service this way , but it also gives Twitter exclusive control over how and where people access its content -- and advertisements . And now , as if to prove that it 's more of a corporate player than a tool for corporate critique and other radical activity , Twitter has given its biggest partners a primer in how to ban users that offend them : Simply ask us . Tech : Welcome to the Twitter Olympics So is the Net suddenly less free and open ? No . The Net -- at least as a technology -- is just as free as it was before . This is simply what happens when we rely on a highly centralized and privately owned tool for a capability that might best be accomplished through a more distributed technology . The Net might be a big decentralized network , but Twitter is a single , centralized node on that network . Our tweets do n't self-replicate and spread ; they go to Twitter , which then essentially broadcasts them to our followers . This is an efficient system , for sure , but it is also highly controllable . The extent to which our messages proliferate depends entirely on the kindness of Twitter , a company that has priorities other than us . The alternative would be to sidestep Twitter altogether , and re-create its functionality through less restrictive , distributed tools . We could use the messaging equivalent of Napster or Tor -- the peer-to-peer networks that let people share music and movies with each other . Instead of downloading files from a central server , people get bits and pieces of files from one another . Likewise , e-mail travels sideways from server to server , in bits and pieces , with no truly central administrator motivated to ban a particular user for what he 's writing . We may not like Twitter for what it 's doing , but it 's not up to a multimillion-dollar corporation to act against its own short-term financial interests in favor of freedom of our speech . Tech : Meet the man who started #NBCFail It is , however , up to those of us who want a free and open Internet to make the effort to understand how our technologies work and who controls them . Only then will we be capable of exploring alternatives to centralized corporate software , and of building and supporting them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Twitter users appalled by ban of reporter 's access after anti-NBC tweets Rushkoff : It 's no surprise -- Twitter a corporation with concerns besides users He says it sends message to corporate partners : Ask us how to ban users that offend Rushkoff : Users who do n't want to depend on Twitter should explore and/or build alternatives
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A police commander and 13 junior officers in western Afghanistan have joined the Taliban in a move that is new and troubling for the struggling nation as international forces prepare to depart . The commander , known only as Mirwais , had been with the Afghan National Police for a year and was in charge of two police stations and 20 officers in the Bala Boluk district of western Farah province , bordering Iran , said Abdul Rahman Zhewandai , a spokesman for the provincial governor . He said the seven officers who refused to defect with Mirwais were found poisoned but they all survived . Mirwais absconded with two police vehicles and 20 light and heavy machine guns -- including AK-47 rifles -- and rocket-propelled grenades , Zhewandai said . Read more : Afghanistan Crossroads Farah province is one of the most insecure areas of western Afghanistan , which is relatively calm compared to other regions . Zhewandai said the police defections were a first . Mirwais belonged to the Taliban when the militants controlled Afghanistan between 1996 and 2001 , when a U.S. invasion ousted them from power , Zhewandai said . The defection comes at a time when the United States and its NATO allies are trying to prop up Afghan forces to take over the nation 's security . There have been several incidents of Afghans turning their guns on their international counterparts , including one Sunday when an Afghan policeman opened fire at a training center in western Afghanistan . Three Americans , most likely trainers at the West Zone Police Training Center in Herat province , were killed , along with the shooter . Violence has also been on an uptick in strategically located Farah province , where the Taliban has been active . In May , suicide attackers with explosives stormed the governor 's compound , killing themselves and seven people . In April , a Taliban attack in the province killed eight policemen .	A police commander took 13 junior officers and equipment with him to join the Taliban The defections were a first in Farah province , said a provincial spokesman The Taliban has been active in the province , officials say
CNN  We might never truly comprehend what drove co-pilot Andreas Lubitz to crash Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps on March 24 , killing everyone on board . The latest report shows that he sped up the descent of the plane to its doom . It 's terrifying . As the investigation unfolds , we will learn more about to what extent Lubitz kept his mental illness secret , or how much help he sought . How much did his battle with depression affect his fitness to fly ? Should he have walked away from his job ? Should his doctors have sounded alarm bells ? His case raises larger and important issues about people who are burdened with mental illness and the pressure of its stigma . Too often and for too long , people with mental illness have been regarded by others around them as disasters waiting to happen . When we do n't distinguish between people with a mental illness who are dangerous to society and those who are a danger to no one , we reinforce a pernicious idea that 's both bad for society and bad for those with mental illness . Some people feel a need to keep their mental illness a secret while others decline to seek help . That 's why in our public and more private discourse , people with mental illness and the rest of society must talk about mental illness in a way that does n't drive some into the darkness . We need to understand this malady as an illness and not a personal failing . And we have to recognize that "  mental illness " is a broad category encompassing many different challenges that affect people in a variety of ways . People with mental illness are no more violent than the rest of the population and with proper treatment , many can recover and live healthy , productive lives . We must encourage them to open up , and when they do , we must listen to them and take their cries for help seriously . It was n't that long ago that a diagnosis of cancer was a tightly-kept secret that many victims of the deadly malady kept from family members , friends and especially employers . But that changed dramatically over the years as people with cancer , their family members and caregivers came together to educate and change public opinion about the disease . Similarly , and with the courageous example of Michael J. Fox , we 've seen perceptions about Parkinson 's disease change for the better , as people learn more about what it is and is n't . Time to talk about depression That 's the kind of transformation we need around perceptions of mental illness through a better-informed public discussion . We have to put policies in place that encourage more openness without the severe repercussions people with mental illness fear . That includes enforcing and even strengthening the kind of protections we already have in place  through laws and regulations like the Americans for Disabilities Act  for individuals who disclose their disability . We also need to address the dilemma health care providers often face when they feel that strict patient privacy requirements inhibit them from alerting others to behaviors that could pose a public risk . It 's a difficult balance . Sooner rather than later , policy leaders need to explore a way to provide greater flexibility in patient privacy regulations to enable health care providers to identify seriously ill persons who could potentially pose a harm to innocent people . At the same time , we must reassure those who forthrightly reveal their struggles with mental illness that they can still carry on their lives in ways that will be valuable to their communities , families and employers . That can start with urging employers not to dismiss anyone who discloses his or her mental illness and to retrain them for other appropriate positions . If companies ban them from the workforce or from other roles in society , we will just be shifting the problem elsewhere and perpetuating the stigma that dangerously drives them underground . We wo n't pretend that this is an easy problem to solve . But , awful as Germanwings Flight 9525 tragedy was , the case may galvanize a discussion and reexamination that is long overdue . We need to build awareness and support for those who suffer from mental illness .	Andreas Lubitz , the co-pilot who crashed the Germanwings flight , battled with depression Jay Ruderman and Jo Ann Simons : Society must talk about mental illness to help people cope with it better
CNN  -- If you crave fries in San Francisco , Jasper 's Corner Tap is a natural choice . But your decisions are n't over yet . Will it be thin , thick , or sweet potato ? Do you try the smoked-paprika seasoning or a cheese curd-based poutine , or play it safe with sea salt ? There 's an entire menu devoted to customizable fries at your fingertips . French fries are one of the true crowd-pleasers -- a food that friends agree upon , that turns up at both five-star steakhouses and roadside dives , and that is familiar but can also surprise you . They can be cut thick or curly , cooked with or without skins , served Belgian-style in paper cones or in a parchment-lined basket with malt vinegar on the side . No matter how you slice it , the deep-fried spud is king . Eat Like a Local : Share your favorite local eats -- we want pictures ! So , how do you know a good one ? "  The best fries are made from fresh-cut potatoes and double-fried , which adds crispness , " says Glenn Walker , who has been posting reviews at frenchfrydiary.blogspot.com since 2004 . "  I 've also noticed that more and more restaurants are enhancing the flavor of their fries by frying them in duck fat , seasoning them with truffle oil , and serving them with numerous dipping sauces , " he says . As for the fry 's humble beginnings , some say that , in the U.S. , Thomas Jefferson was an early adopter . He was known to entertain guests with "  potatoes served in the French manner , " according to essayist Charles Ebeling , a member of the Chicago Literary Club . Drive-in restaurants and fast-food joints that began popping up in the 1940s popularized fries by pairing them with burgers . And it 's become almost impossible to think of one without the other . Here are some of the best fry variations in the U.S. : The Breslin Bar & Dining Room , New York City It 's no secret that French fries served crispy on the outside , tender on the inside , are the golden standard . But this Manhattan hipster favorite goes a step beyond others to assure the crunchiness of its spuds : introducing The Breslin 's thrice-cooked chips . These long , medium-thick slices of Idaho russet potatoes are first boiled , then fried twice in a sunflower and canola oil blend before receiving a dash of salt , and presented either as a stand-alone dish or alongside a feta-topped , chargrilled lamb burger . Only thing left to request : a side of cumin mayo for dipping . Travel + Leisure : More amazing fries across the U.S. Boise Fry Company , Idaho With a slogan that reads "  burgers on the side , " you know this is a place serious about its spuds . The potato reigns supreme in this state , and between the vast selection of sauces , seasonings , and spritzers , it 's possible to never try the same thing twice . The ordering goes like this : walk in , choose from six varieties of potato including purple , yam , and sweet , then decide how you 'd like it cut . Next up , the dressing . Perhaps you 'd like your curly Yukon gold fries topped with malt vinegar and served with a side of blueberry ketchup  that 's right : blueberry  , or you might be craving a russet fry with rosemary garlic salt and Thai sour cream . Or why choose at all ? Enlist some friends , and sample away . The Original Hot Dog Shop , Pittsburgh , PA At this family-run stalwart , the mountain of fries that comes in even a small order borders on the ridiculous -- so no wonder the college kids keep coming back . Located on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh , "  The Dirty O " has a reputation for decadent spuds : hand-cut and peeled Idaho potatoes , twice fried in peanut oil , and served golden and crunchy on a cafeteria tray . The Original even has its own dedicated fry station , where you can order them with sides of gravy , cheese , or ketchup . 3901 Forbes Ave. Travel + Leisure : World 's most delicious street foods Duckfat , Portland , ME When it comes to delivering the perfect fry , it 's all in the name at this Portland sandwich shop . The locally sourced potatoes are twice fried in a healthy coating of duck fat that results in a crunchy exterior but leaves each fry 's interior fresh and tender . They 're then served in paper cones with a handful of specially made dips like smoked mussel mayo and chopped egg and caper mayo . Being close to Canada , Duckfat also offers its own version of poutine , topping those same crispy fries with a heaping of local cheese curd and house-made duck gravy . Jasper 's Corner Tap , San Francisco Since its 2011 debut , Jasper 's has won a following for its bar offerings , including a menu devoted exclusively to fries . Seriously . You get to choose your fry  thin , thick , or sweet potato  , your seasoning -- options include smoked paprika and truffle , Parmesan , and herb -- and , for an extra $ 3 , add a cheese curd-based poutine . Word on the street is that the smoked cheese fondue is "  to die for . " Jasper 's also obliges with a late-night menu ideal for entertaining the Tenderloin neighborhood 's after-hours crowd . The highlight ? A helping of thick-cut fries , naturally , topped with buffalo mozzarella curds and hot brown gravy . Travel + Leisure : World 's top fast food restaurants Pike Street Fish Fry , Seattle Late-night crowds line up at the counter of this tiny Capitol Hill neighborhood eatery for some of Seattle 's best fish and chips ; after all , the fries alone are worthy of the wait . They 're hand-sliced , fried to perfection , and served in paper cups with dipping sauce  the tangy chili mayo is a perennial favorite  . And while it 's hard to beat a helping of these crispy gems after an evening out boozing , Pike Street Fish Fry outdoes itself every third Friday from 5 to 7 p.m. by serving its fries for free . The Green Room , Greenville , SC This go-to source for upscale comfort food also has a reputation for creativity  ever heard of a Philly Cheesesteak soup ?  , and its fries are no exception . Chef Patrick Long specializes in Parmesan truffle fries , shoestring cut and tossed in truffle oil immediately after he takes them out from the fryer . He then tops them with grated Parmesan cheese and fresh parsley . Pair them with a plate of BBQ pork biscuit sliders , and you 've got yourself a satisfying southern meal . Travel + Leisure : World 's top night markets Bourbon Steak , Miami Celebrity chef Michael Mina 's dinner-only restaurant offers up generous cuts of beef that are both organic and hormone-free -- and its fries get the same attention to quality and detail . Mid-thick cuts of potato get dunked in duck fat to provide both their rich flavor and crispness , and an order covers three seasoning and sauce combos : rosemary herb accompanied by a side of spicy ketchup ; onion-dusted with sour cream sauce ; and smoked paprika with smoked barbecue sauce . Jonesy 's EatBar , Denver The fries at this Uptown neighborhood gastropub are consistently voted Denver 's best : they 're thick-cut , extra crispy , and simply put , phenomenal . They also come in four "  World Famous " and original varieties , including Buffalo  doused in wing sauce and blue cheese crumbles with a side of dressing  , and a Bacon Mac & Cheese that regular costumers swear by . Factor in a dash of nostalgia from the setting within a restored 1950s soda fountain . Thrasher 's , Ocean City , MD It may have something to do with the salty air , but there 's a certain je ne sais quoi in a boardwalk fry that just ca n't be found elsewhere -- and Thrasher 's has been preserving and protecting that quality for the last 80-plus years . No wonder there 's always a wait . It 's hard to beat a bucket of hand-cut spuds that have been fried in peanut oil with skins on , especially when served with nothing more than a little salt and vinegar . Purists believe there 's no messing around with the fry 's intense potato flavor , so if you really want ketchup you 'll have to bring it yourself . And while you 're at it , invite a few friends to share : Thrasher 's smallest fry order is a 16-ounce bucket , and its largest is a whopping 53 . thrashersfrenchfries.com Travel + Leisure : See more of the U.S. 's best fries What 's your pick for the best fries ? Do you indulge in fancy sauces or are you a purist or a ketchup-only consumer ? Share photos and suggestions for your favorite local eateries on iReport . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	French fries are a food most people can agree on -- at least the basic principle Restaurants are going all out to spice up their fries with unique preparations Sauces beyond ketchup are gaining in popularity What 's your favorite fry ? Share you picks for local eats on iReport.com
CNN  -- In the end , enigma swirled around Moammar Gadhafi in death just as it had in life , the grisly details of his demise still emerging . Libya 's new leaders said he was caught in a crossfire although several cell phone videos seemed to contradict that report . Based on NATO officials , journalists , human rights monitors and witnesses , here is an account of how the strongman 's last day transpired . Revolutionary fighters had cornered Gadhafi loyalists in the District 2 area of Sirte . There had been rumors that he was holed up in the city of his birth but speculation also held that he had fled to the desert . In any case , NATO surveillance drones and National Transitional Council commanders had been keeping an eye on District 2 for a while and again on Thursday morning , the drones were out . Somewhere around 8:30 in the morning , according to a NATO official , a convoy of loyalists made a break from that part of Sirte and headed west trying to get out of the city . U.S. drones and French fighter jets struck the convoy , splitting it up and forcing the loyalists to scurry on foot . It 's not clear whether Gadhafi was in that convoy but a NATO official said he was , though he was not directly hit . "  Two miles west of Sirte , 15 pickup trucks mounted with machine guns lay burnt out , smashed and smoldering next to an electricity substation 20 meters from the main road , " reported the Reuters news agency . The revolutionaries began shooting at the loyalists . "  At first we fired at them with anti-aircraft guns , but it was no use , " Salem Bakeer told Reuters . "  Then we went in on foot . " The ferocious firefight lasted three hours , said Peter Bouckaert , Human Rights Watch 's emergencies director , who is in Sirte . He said 95 bodies were found in the area . Gadhafi survived and fled with a handful of his men . The revolutionaries eventually found him hiding in a drainage pipe . Misrata fighter Omran Shaaban told The New York Times that Gadhafi was bleeding from his head and chest but still was able to speak with his trademark indignation . Bakeer told Reuters that Gadhafi was wounded with gunshots in his leg and back . Some accounts described him as confused . Others said he pleaded for his life . "  When he saw us , he said , ` What 's happening ? Those were the words he spoke , " Shaaban told the Times . There were bodies strewn about the 70-feet long chunk of drab , concrete tubing that passed under a road . On it , graffiti scribbled in blue lettering read : "  This is the place of the rat , Gadhafi . God is great . " It was , of course , Gadhafi who called the rebels rats from the very start of Libya 's uprising in February . They had finally caught him . Now it was Gadhafi , the self-styled "  king of kings " of Africa who was caught like a rat amid rubbish and rocks and sand He was captured alive . But that 's when the stories diverge . The National Transitional Council 's leadership says Gadhafi was killed in crossfire between revolutionary fighters and the remnants of loyalists in Sirte . Mohammed Sayeh , a senior member of the council , told CNN that Gadhafi was being transported to Misrata to the northwest . "  They were taking him to a hospital , " he said . In the hail of gunfire , Sayeh said , Gadhafi was shot in the feet and then in his head . "  I can not tell you whether it was from far or near , but it was unintentional , " he said . "  No one decided to kill him or slaughter him . It would have been much better for us Libyans and the whole universe to capture him and take him to a court . " But cell phone videos and other accounts seem to contradict Sayeh 's statement . And questions remain about when and exactly how Gadhafi died . One man told the BBC that he saw Gadhafi being shot with a 9mm gun in the abdomen at around 12:30 p.m. . That was four hours before the National Transitional Council 's executive board Chairman Mahmoud Jibril announced that Gadhafi was dead . Ibrahim Tika , a doctor who allegedly performed DNA tests on Gadhafi 's body Friday , told Al Arabiya television that Gadhafi was shot in the head and stomach . Bouckaert said he did not believe Gadhafi was killed in crossfire . From what Human Rights Watch has learned , Bouckaert said Gadhafi did not have a gunshot wound in his head when he was captured . "  He was taken into the streets , " he said . "  Enraged crowds started beating him , pulling his hair . They tried to put him on a hood of a car and drive him away . He fell off . " In a shaky amateur video , a bloodied Gadhafi is seen alive and being hoisted onto a truck . Another , obtained by the Al-Jazeera network , showed his corpse on the ground , a bullet wound in his head . A third piece of footage posted on YouTube showed fighters grabbing Gadhafi 's tangled curls and jerking his head about . "  It certainly was a very humiliating end for Gadhafi , " Bouckaert said . "  But when he left this area he was very much alive . "  The The different versions of how Gadhafi met his end prompted the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights as well as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International to ask for investigations . Bouckaert said an autopsy on his body ought to be internationally supervised . For weeks , the revolutionaries had been on the forefront of the battle for Sirte , struggling to wrest control of the coastal city from the last vestiges of the old regime in brutal urban warfare . Thursday , when the fight was finally won , they could finally claim liberation for their nation . They waved Gadhafi 's golden gun in the air . The revolutionaries also took Gadhafi 's satellite phone , his brown scarf and one black boot , the Times reported , to keep as ultimate trophies of their victory . But their first day of freedom , said Bouckaert , is now blemished with the suspicious circumstances of the former tyrant 's death . Friday , Gadhafi 's bloody , battered body lay on a mattress in a Misrata market cold storage room , Reuters reported . The news agency showed video of curious onlookers snapping pictures with their mobile phones . It was unclear when and how he would be put to rest , even though Muslim rites require burial within 24 hours . Mahmoud al-Shammam , the National Transitional Council 's information minister , told CNN that a funeral would be postponed for a few days just in case officials from the International Criminal Court -- which had an arrest warrant out for Gadhafi for alleged crimes against humanity -- wanted to see the body firsthand . In his 42 years in power , Gadhafi embraced eccentric tactics and cold-blooded violence , meting out cruel forms of punishment to those he perceived as his enemies . He should have faced justice in court , many Libyans as well as human rights activists said . Instead , he was like many of his victims whose ignominious end raised plenty of questions .	Moammar Gadhafi was in a convoy heading out of Sirte that was hit by NATO Gadhafi survived and hid in a drainage pipe He was alive when he was captured , say anti-Gadhafi fighters A human rights investigator says his brutal end is a blemish on Libya 's first day of freedom
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Thousands of photos taken during John F. Kennedy 's 1,036 days as president remain unseen since White House photographer Cecil Stoughton printed and logged them in his darkroom five decades ago . When Stoughton 's family auctioned them last month , collector and filmmaker Keya Morgan purchased about 15,000 of the images , including many showing private Kennedy family moments . "  He was there all the time , and he trusted him with his life , " Morgan said of Stoughton . Most captured public events , but usually just a few shots from an event would have been released , Morgan said . The boxes likely hold surprises , but it could take years for him to examine each image , he said . "  I would say 95 % of these photos have never been published or seen by anyone , and that is because there are just way too many , " Morgan said . Morgan gave CNN the first peek inside the boxes after the photographs were delivered to him in Los Angeles this week . Reaching into a box and pulling out a stack of photos is like traveling through time , he said . He pulled out a stack of 5-by-5 black-and-white photos , some stuck together by the years . They appeared to be in the same sequence in which Stoughton developed them in his White House darkroom . This first stack showed Caroline Kennedy 's fifth birthday party , her last with her father . President Kennedy was assassinated five days before her sixth . Another batch revealed a 2-year-old John Kennedy Jr. -- known then as John-John -- reaching into his parakeet 's cage while his mother held him . It was the younger John Kennedy who first stirred Morgan 's interest in Stoughton 's photo archives in 1997 . Kennedy was his friend and a client of his New York gallery , he said . "  He called me one night and said ' I need this photo , you know , the photo of me under the desk , but not the famous one , ' " Morgan said . The "  famous one " of a young Kennedy under the Oval Office desk while his father worked above him was taken by photographer Stanley Tretick for LOOK magazine in October 1963 . But Kennedy wanted a photo taken a year earlier by Stoughton , he said . Morgan found a surprise this weekend preparing for an interview with CNN 's Don Lemon . It was an unknown photo of Caroline playing with another girl in the same spot under her father 's desk . Morgan did not immediately know if the other girl was a Kennedy cousin or a friend . Kennedy cousins may recognize themselves in photos they had long forgotten or have never seen . "  It 's impossible for anyone to have seen these because Cecil was so secretive , " Morgan said . "  He was so protective and he had all these items locked up . " Morgan bought several hundred photos from Stoughton in the last years of his life , including the one that is apparently the only existing photo of Kennedy with Marilyn Monroe . "  Cecil was with President Kennedy basically all the time and even in some fairly intimate moments , " Morgan said . "  It is shocking at the incredible volume of photos that he took , including some that are highly sensitive and private . " Since Morgan is busy writing a book and producing a documentary about Monroe 's mysterious death , combing through his newly-acquired Kennedy collection will be slow , he said . He will start posting the first of the Kennedy images on his website LincolnImages.com for licensing , he said . Morgan also claims the largest collection of Lincoln photos , but the numbers are minuscule compared to Kennedy 's . Only 129 unique images of Lincoln are known to exist , he said .	Most of the 15,000 images of Kennedy and family are unpublished White House photographer Cecil Stoughton kept most of his prints private Stoughton 's family sold the massive collection to Keya Morgan in a December auction Morgan gave CNN the first peek inside the boxes of JFK photos
CNN  The firebrand leader of Greece 's left-wing Syriza party appeared to be bracing for a bigger battle as he declared victory in Sunday 's election . Now that his party has apparently won the support of his country 's voters , Alexis Tsipras has another fight in front of him : making good on his campaign promise to renegotiate the terms of Greece 's bailout . "  We are regaining our lost dignity ... Now that we are heard by all of Europe , we will fight with the same passion , the same confidence , " Tsipras told cheering supporters . "  So let 's go and let 's all continue this beautiful and tough fight . " With more than 70 % of votes counted , Syriza was officially projected to win at least 149 seats in the 300-seat Parliament . Exit polls also placed the party in the lead . But analysts cautioned that it was still too close to call whether Syriza would win a majority of seats -- a key step that would allow the party to govern without forming a coalition government . Tsipras , 40 , who could become Greece 's next prime minister , also vowed to end austerity measures . "  Greece leaves behind the austerity that ruined it , leaves behind the fear , leaves behind five years of humiliation , and Greece moves forward with optimism and hope and dignity , " he told the crowd . Syriza 's pledges to try to get some of Greece 's colossal debt written off and roll back unpopular austerity measures appealed to exasperated members of the electorate -- even if they potentially jeopardize Greece 's place in the eurozone . The election could lead to a dramatic showdown with the debt-laden nation 's lenders . "  That is a gamble that people in Greece seem to be prepared to take at this point , simply because the terms of its bailout have been so severe , " Greek journalist Elinda Labropoulou told CNN on Sunday . One of those people willing to take the risk is Eleni Antoniou , a former public sector employee . "  People went bankrupt since we entered the bailout , poverty is visible across society , and I believe that hope is coming with Syriza 's program , not only for Greece , but for all of Europe , " she said ahead of the election . The austerity imposed by Greece 's international creditors has cut deep . Unemployment has soared to 28 % , and many people who still have jobs have seen drastic decreases in wages , pensions frozen and the retirement age pushed back . The governing New Democracy party had pointed to recent improvements in economic indicators as signs things were getting better . After conceding defeat Sunday , outgoing Prime Minister Antonis Samaras said his conscience was clear . "  I got a country on the verge of ruin . I was asked to try and save it , and I did it , " he said . "  Most people did not believe we could stand strong , but we did . " Now , he said , Greece is secure and "  slowly walking away from the crisis . " "  And more than anything , " he said , "  I give back a country that is a member of the European parliament and the euro . " In his victory speech Sunday , Tsipras noted that Greece 's election could have an impact far beyond his country 's borders . "  Our victory is , at the same time , it 's a victory for all the people of Europe that are fighting against austerity that 's ruining the common European future , " he said . His message is one that has resonated in other southern European countries under the restrictions of international bailouts . Syriza 's victory could boost other populist parties , like Beppe Grillo 's anti-euro Five Star Movement in Italy and the Podemos Movement in Spain . But it 's unclear how its plans to renegotiate the bailout would play out . Is Alexis Tsipras man of the moment ? CNN 's Penny Manis and Isa Soares contributed to this report .	"  We are regaining our lost dignity , " Tsipras tells cheering supporters : Official projections indicate the left-wing Syriza party has won at least 149 seats in Parliament The party has vowed to renegotiate Greece 's bailout and get some of its debt written off
CNN  -- All four airmen on board an Air Force C-17 were killed when the cargo plane crashed during a training mission near Elmendorf Air Force Base in Alaska on Wednesday , the Air Force reported Thursday . John Pennell , a spokesman for Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson , said the names were being withheld pending notification of relatives . He said the names might be released Friday . The aircraft , assigned to the 3rd Wing at the base , crashed about 6:14 p.m. local time , Air Force Capt. Uriah Orland said . Air Force Lt. Gen. Dana Atkins confirmed that the C-17 was a part of a demonstration practice for the 2010 Arctic Thunder air show this weekend . No decision has been made regarding whether the air show will continue as scheduled . In a statement Thursday , 3rd Wing commander Col. John McMullen said , "  Our deepest sympathy and sincerest condolences go out to the family and friends of those airmen killed in this crash . Yesterday , we lost four members of our Arctic Warrior family and it 's a loss felt across our entire joint installation . Right now , our immediate focus is on providing all possible support to the loved ones of our fallen aviators . We are also engaged in a deliberate investigative process . " Witnesses say they saw the aircraft flying low over the hillside followed by a giant plume of smoke . Gov. Sean Parnell issued a statement expressing his sympathy for the crash victims . "  Alaskans are very connected to the military and our thoughts and prayers are with Alaska 's Air Force family , " Parnell said . A stress management team was dispatched to the base to help anyone who may have suffered trauma as a result of the crash . A board of officers will investigate the accident , Orland said . Pennell said he expects a lengthy investigation . "  We 've got a bunch of investigators that are combing the accident site , " he said . "  It will take a while . "	NEW : Air Force says the aircraft was part of a demonstration practice for an air show The names of the airmen are being withheld , pending notification of relatives The Air Force says a board of officers will investigate the accident
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Fast & Furious " star Paul Walker may have initially survived a horrific car crash but died moments later of a combination of injuries from the impact and the resulting fire , according to a coroner 's report . The one-page preliminary report released by the Los Angeles County coroner 's office Wednesday listed the cause of the actor 's death as the "  combined effects of traumatic and thermal injuries . " An autopsy concluded that Roger Rodas , who was driving the red Porsche Carrera GT , suffered "  multiple traumatic injuries , " but it was not clear in the report if he was still alive when the car burst into flames soon after the wreck . Since two different doctors did the separate autopsies , the difference in the description of their injuries does not mean the deaths were significantly different , Los Angeles County Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter told CNN . It is not known how long each man lived after the crash as the fire began , Winter said . That information may be included when full autopsy reports are released in several weeks , he said . The coroner confirmed what many witnesses told investigators : Rodas was the driver in the crash ; Walker was the passenger of the high-performance Porsche that clipped a light pole and a tree before erupting in flames on a Southern California street Saturday afternoon . The deaths were officially ruled an accident by the coroner . ` Fast & Furious ' halts production A toxicology report , which could show if drugs or alcohol played a role in the accident , will be available in six to eight weeks , the report said . Video obtained by CNN from a security camera posted on a building on the opposite side of the street from the crash suggests that the fire that engulfed the Porsche did not erupt until about a minute after the car crashed . In the video , which does not show the car , black smoke is seen rising from the crash scene 60 seconds after the light pole and a tree fall . Smoke is faintly visible above the scene after one minute , followed by a heavy plume of black smoke after two minutes . The crash happened on a wide street in a business park in Santa Clarita , California , about 30 miles north of Hollywood . Walker was attending a holiday toy donation event for his charity , Reach Out WorldWide , when he hopped into the car with Rodas for a ride , witnesses said . The Porsche , which was one of only a few hundred made , was on display at the event , which was held at a high-performance car shop owned by Rodas . Minutes after the two men drove away , people at the event heard the crash about 500 yards away , witnesses said . Big questions in Walker crash probe Next ` Fast & Furious ' on hold Production of Walker 's latest movie -- the seventh installment in the "  Fast & Furious " franchise -- will be shut down "  for a period of time , " the studio said Wednesday . "  At this time we feel it is our responsibility to shut down production on ` Fast & Furious 7 ' for a period of time so we can assess all options available to move forward with the franchise , " Universal Pictures said in a statement . The studio also said it would donate "  a percentage of proceeds from the upcoming home entertainment release of ` Fast & Furious 6 ' " to Walker 's charity . "  With the passing of Paul , the world has lost a man who spent a great deal of his life in service to others , " Universal Pictures Chairman Donna Langley said . "  We share in the deep grief of his family , friends and the countless fans who love him . " Stories of Walker 's incredible generosity have become a major aspect to coverage of the actor 's death . CNN confirmed one story from a decade ago when Walker noticed a young U.S. soldier shopping with his fiancee for a wedding ring in a Santa Barbara jewelry store . "  The groom was just back from duty in Iraq , and he was going to be deployed again soon and wanted to buy a wedding ring , but he said he just could not afford it , " saleswoman Irene King told CNN . "  I do n't think the soldier realized how expensive those rings are , about $ 10,000 . " "  Walker called the manager over and said , ` Put that girl 's ring on my tab , ' " she said . "  Walker left all his billing info , and it was a done deal . The couple was stunned . She was thrilled and could not believe someone did this . " King called it "  the most generous thing I have ever seen . " Walker and Rodas had planned Saturday as a day to help survivors of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines . The car shop website invited customers to a "  Charity Toy Drive & Automotive Social Gathering . " Why this Porsche is not a car to mess with Box office success Walker 's career began on the small screen , first with a commercial for Pampers diapers when he was 2 , and then with parts in shows such as "  Highway to Heaven " and "  Touched by an Angel . " His first few movie roles were as supporting characters in teen flicks , most notably in "  Varsity Blues . " But his career really took off when he was cast as undercover cop Brian O'Conner infiltrating a street-racing gang in 2001 's "  The Fast and the Furious . " The box office success of the surprise summer hit yielded numerous sequels . And along with Vin Diesel , Walker was one of the franchise stalwarts . The six "  Fast & Furious " films sold a total of $ 2.6 billion in tickets worldwide , according to BoxOfficeMojo . Walker was n't just a car enthusiast on the silver screen ; off screen , the actor competed in the Redline Time Attack racing series . On his verified Twitter account , Walker described himself as an "  outdoorsman , ocean addict , adrenaline junkie ... and I do some acting on the side . " Walker also is the star of "  Hours , " an independent film scheduled to be released December 13 about a father struggling to keep his newborn infant alive after Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans .	Coroner : Paul Walker died from "  combined effects of traumatic and thermal injuries " Autopsy confirms Roger Rodas was driving the Porsche when it crashed Walker 's and Rodas ' deaths ruled an accident by the coroner Production of the next "  Fast & Furious " film is shut down "  for a period of time "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two suspects were arrested in connection with the bombing of a mosque that killed at least 51 people , Pakistani authorities said Saturday . Friday 's blast brought the roof of the mosque down on worshippers attending prayers . The two were arrested about 30 minutes after the Friday bombing after police spotted them fleeing the scene , said local official Rahat Gul . The suspects were being questioned about the deadly blast that also wounded more than 100 people . The blast occurred at Jamrod in northwest Pakistan , near the Afghanistan border . This is the latest assault in a region populated by Islamic militants in Pakistani safe havens along the Afghan border , where NATO and the U.S.-led coalition have been battling Taliban and al Qaeda militants . The bombed-out mosque had been frequented by Pakistani security officials who work at checkpoints along the route used by NATO to carry supplies from Pakistan into Afghanistan . The strike came hours before President Barack Obama explained his new urgent strategy for fighting Islamic militants in Afghanistan and Pakistan -- the latest in a long line of attacks in the region that have been staged on days of political importance in the volatile Afghan and Pakistani region . The two-story mosque had been packed with about 250 worshippers attending Friday prayers when the bomber , thought to be among the worshippers , detonated the explosive , authorities said . The building collapsed as the explosion rippled through the structure , and rescue crews deployed to the scene were searching through the rubble for more victims .	Two arrested over attack on Pakistan mosque At least 51 killed , more than 100 injured in suicide bombing Incident took place as worshippers offered Friday prayers Mosque frequented by officials working at checkpoints on NATO supply routes
CNN  -- At long last , Maria Toorpakai Wazir can indulge her life 's greatest love without fear of persecution . Hounded out of the notoriously dangerous tribal region that borders Pakistan and Afghanistan -- once referred to as "  Hell 's door knocker " -- salvation has been found thousands of miles away on a different continent . She survived death threats , spent countless hours alone in her room and masqueraded as a boy for years . And all for her love of squash . Now Pakistan 's number one female player , who is ranked 53rd in the world , is homing in on her quest to become the best female player in the world , under the tutelage of Jonathon Power , the Canadian star whose name was inscribed on the first racket she ever owned . It is a fairytale story that has taken the 22-year-old a world away from a treacherous existence in the mountains of Pakistan , to Power 's academy in Toronto , and morphed her into an agent for social change in her native country . "  I think positive and I do positive so I think people in Pakistan need to be educated , need to take part in sports and skills so they have high integrity , high self-esteem and so they use energy in a positive way , " she told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  They will start holding rackets and bats rather than holding guns and grenades . I do n't want militancy or Talibanisation -- I just want a brighter future for all the kids . I do n't want them to end up as suicide bombers . " Growing up in South Waziristan provided Wazir with a crash course in conservatism , a prevalent theme in a territory with a reputation for fierce tribalism . "  It was an area in between mountains and mud houses and as it was 100 or 200 years ago , " she explained . "  The girls are deprived of all those basic rights . They stay inside the home and get married off at a young age . "  My whole family was different to the rest of the people in the area -- you could see the progress , the different mindset -- but they were still living in the Stone Age . "  They had no awareness about education or any health or exercise , or women 's rights or child 's rights . They did n't know how any education can be important for one person as a human . " Exasperated at the barriers placed in front of her , Wazir took drastic action aged just four , burning all her dresses , putting on her brother 's clothes and shearing off her long , dark hair . "  My dad believes that it is your choice and your right to live the way you want , " she said . "  He laughed and he gave me a boyish name Genghis Khan , the greatest warrior in the history of the world . He said ` So , we have a fifth son , and his name is Genghis Khan . ' " However for Wazir and her family , domestic tolerance came at a price . In a society cloaked by repression and inequality , even being seen unaccompanied in public could be perceived as a betrayal of her culture and Muslim religion . And the liberal attitude of her father , Shamsul Qayyum Wazir , who encouraged his wife to continue her education and allowed their daughter to play outside with her brothers , was contradictory to the prevailing attitude of ultra-conservatism . So much so that he family decided they 'd had enough after a campaign of intimidation that included the stoning of the family house , attempts on their lives and an imposed spell in an asylum for the father . The family moved to the city of Peshawar -- another Taliban stronghold -- where Wazir 's scrapes intensified , with one scuffle leading to a head injury that required 12 stitches . Realizing she needed to channel this aggression , her father enrolled her in weightlifting classes at a local sports club , keeping up the pretense she was a boy . Wazir went on to win a junior weightlifting championship , but she also grew fixated on squash , having seen it played on her breaks from training . She earned a place at a squash academy run by the Pakistan Air Force , though she had to reveal her true identity to the director . Such was his delight at seeing a girl enraptured by squash he donated a racket to Maria bearing the name of Jonathon Power -- who won 36 top level events during his 15-year career at the top of the sport . But as word spread of her emerging talent , the anonymity Wazir had reveled in for so long evaporated . "  Attitudes changed , they started bullying but I used to find a way , " she explained . "  I used to go early in the morning when there was no-one in my way . "  I used to repair those balls that were bad and torn in the squash court that guys used to throw away with tape and glue . " Taliban 's unwanted attention A steady improvement in her game led to appearances in high profile tournaments and prominence in the Pakistani media . Awards from then president Pervez Musharraf and prime minister Shaukat Aziz were a mark of her pioneering spirit , but they also attracted the Taliban 's unwanted attention . "  It was exhausting at every step , " she said . "  It was hard to let people know all I want is to play squash . That 's how I can live happy but I had to change my life with time . "  For the last eight years I 've been trying hard to come through to the common people and today I 'm getting threats from Taliban . I was totally exhausted . I did n't know what to do . "  I stopped going to the academy because it 's the biggest dishonor if a daughter is kidnapped . That 's  why  I locked myself in my room and started hitting from evening to morning . " Her absence was noted and when she relayed the threats she 'd received the issue was debated in parliament , who reacted by beefing up security around her . "  They put so many attack posts on the way to the squash court and around the squash court too , " she said . "  Above the squash court they put snipers . "  I was going once a week or twice a month but at that time I completely stopped because if a bomb happened -- there is so much glass in the squash court itself -- it would kill the innocent kids . "  I did n't want it to be the reason so I stopped going and started playing in my room for three-and-a-half years . " It was during this time Wazir says she knew she had to leave Pakistan to follow her dream . "  My dad said ` If a baby bird wants to learn flying , he has to leave the nest ' and at that time I realized I can not learn flying while am here . "  For three-and-a-half years I did n't get any email from anyone and one day I got an email back from Jonathan Power saying that he 's going to help me , support me , teach me how to play squash so I can play at tournaments and become a world champion for Pakistan . " Power himself was sent to London as a 12-year-old to train with former Pakistani world champion and all-time squash great Jahangir Khan , and was immersed in the culture of Khan 's country , traveling to play there on many occasions during his career . Wazir 's plea struck a chord with Power , who flew her to Toronto and has since been working on building her strength and stamina , and molding the rawness of her technique into a formidable weapon . "  I recognized right away this girl is special , she 's very courageous girl and I wanted to help , " said Power . "  She 'll run through that wall 10 times until she finally breaks it . She thinks working hard just means killing your body and you 'll get better , but sometimes you have to work smart . "  It 's so rare to find somebody who has so much drive and so much passion , who is just dying to absorb knowledge . I think she 's going to make it to number one in the world . "  She knows it 's going to take a lot and she 's prepared to sacrifice whatever it takes . I think she has the skills and the mental ability to make it all the way . " Building bridges As for Wazir , her ambition to be the finest player on the world is now allied to a desire to campaign for other young girls in Pakistan to have the freedom to explore sport . "  I feel the luckiest person and I think whether my hard work turned me into being lucky or if I am the chosen one to bring change to the world , " she said . "  I learned it 's more about humanity . It 's not about religion , it 's not about culture or caste or tribe or where you 're from or the value of the background of the person . "  It 's all about being a human . I learned a lot and squash taught me . Through squash I made it and learned otherwise I 'd be stuck in those tribal regions . "  I want to create bridges between east and west , friendship between country and country , family to family and people to people . It 's all about brotherhood -- sharing knowledge , skills , helping each other and sharing love and care for each other . "	Pakistani Maria Toorpakai Wazir battled Taliban persecution to indulge her love of squash The 22-year-old grew up in the ultra-conservative region near border with Afghanistan Maria and her father suffered death threats for pursuing her dream of playing squash She now is training with former world number one Jonathon Power at his academy in Canada
Washington  CNN  -- Black ice -- road ice virtually invisible to drivers -- played a "  significant role " in last month 's fatal bus crash in Oregon , an attorney for the bus company said Wednesday night . Attorney Mark Scheer also said bus driver Haeng Kyu Hwang had had 7  1/2 hours of sleep the night before the crash , suggesting that fatigue was not a factor , and said there is "  no indication " that drugs and alcohol were involved . On Tuesday , the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration barred Mi Joo Tour & Travel Ltd. , a Canadian company , from operating in the United States , saying in an order that Hwang had worked 92 hours in the seven days leading up to the crash , far exceeding the 70 hours allowed . It also said that the bus company had not conducted required post-accident alcohol and drug tests on the driver . An agency spokesman Wednesday night declined to comment on the black ice claim or on the driver 's sleep history , citing the ongoing investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board . The deadly accident occurred December 30 as the large motor coach was returning to Vancouver , British Columbia , from Las Vegas . The bus skidded on Interstate 84 near Pendleton , Oregon , crashed through a guardrail and tumbled down a steep embankment . Nine passengers were killed and 39 people were injured , including the driver . "  I can say conclusively that black ice was involved from all reports we have of the accident , " Scheer told reporters . There were other accidents involving black ice near the crash site , he said . Scheer said Hwang was properly licensed , had previously worked as a school bus and truck driver and had extensive experience driving in the West . Hwang had slept 71/2 hours the night before the crash and had been on the road only 21/2 hours that day , including a rest stop , he said . He declined to comment on the claim that Hwang had violated work hour rules that week , saying he was not familiar with the driver 's itinerary . In its 10-page order Tuesday , the motor carrier administration said Mi Joo Tour & Travel poses an "  imminent hazard to public safety " because of its failure to ensure that its drivers are properly rested . "  Mi Joo does not monitor its drivers ' hours of service to ensure that its drivers do not violate " work-hour restrictions , it said . Further , Mi Joo does not require its drivers to maintain driver logs , as required by law , it said . The NTSB and the Oregon State Police are investigating the accident . FMCSA also is conducting a compliance review of the company , which caters to Korean tourists . In 2010 , the FMCSA cited Mi Joo for 11 violations and gave the company a "  conditional " rating , meaning it was in jeopardy of losing its ability to operate in the United States . In 2011 , the agency cited Mi Joo for eight violations and gave it a "  satisfactory " rating .	"  Black ice was involved " in Oregon crash that killed 9 , hurt 39 , attorney says Driver had 71/2 hours of sleep the night before , attorney says Canadian bus company had record of violations in U.S. before fatal wreck
Washington  CNN  -- Despite the bruising battle over their proposals to overhaul health care , congressional Democrats have maintained an advantage over their Republican counterparts on one key measure , according to a new national poll . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday indicates that a bare majority of Americans , 51 percent , believe that the Democrats ' policies are good for the country , with 46 percent saying that those policies would take the U.S. in the wrong direction . Fifty-three percent of people questioned in the poll said the GOP 's polices would move the nation in the wrong direction , with 42 percent saying Republican policies are good for the country . "  The numbers for both parties are virtually unchanged since late August , just before President Barack Obama 's health care speech to Congress opened the latest round of debate on this divisive issue , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . Democrats will be defending their large majorities in Congress next year when all 435 House seats and more than a third of the Senate seats are up for grabs . "  This advantage on policy could be an important edge for the Democrats heading into the 2010 midterm elections , " Holland added . "  But independents will be the key to the midterms , and the numbers among independents spell bad news for both parties among that important group . " In an August survey , independent voters ' views of GOP policies were evenly divided . But a majority of independents now say Republicans would move the country in the wrong direction . Nonetheless , the number of independents who dislike Democratic policies , now at 57 percent , is higher than the 52 percent who hold a negative view of Republican policies . The survey suggests that Sen. Joe Lieberman is taking a hit in popularity due to his opposition to a major element in the health care bill . The Connecticut independent , who caucuses with the Democrats to give the party a 60-vote filibuster-proof majority in the Senate , threatened to undermine the bill unless compromises were made . Lieberman opposed the creation of a government-run public insurance option and the expansion of Medicare to individuals as young as 55 . Both of those proposals were dropped from the bill this month , enraging many liberals . According to the poll , Lieberman 's favorable rating has dropped 9 percentage points , from 40 percent to 31 percent , from early December . His unfavorable rating has risen 6 percentage points , from 28 percent to 34 percent . "  Lieberman 's biggest decline -- a 14-point drop -- came among independents , " Holland said . "  Only Republicans continue to like Lieberman . " The survey also indicates that just one in five Americans trust the federal government always or most of the time , down 4 percentage points from a year ago . The CNN/Opinion Research poll was conducted December 16 through Sunday , with 1,160 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Poll : Fifty-one percent believe Democratic policies are good for the country Forty-two percent say Republican policies are good for the country , poll shows Views of independents spell bad news for both parties in 2010 elections , CNN polling chief says
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania patient accused of shooting his caseworker to death has been charged with first and third-degree murder , authorities said . Richard Plotts was arraigned late Saturday at his hospital bed , said spokeswoman Emily Harris of the Delaware County District Attorney 's office . He is also charged with attempted murder , recklessly endangering another , assault and simple assault , and carrying a firearm without a license , Harris said . On Thursday , Plotts , 49 , walked into the psychiatric unit Mercy Fitzgerald Wellness Center in Darby , Pennsylvania , alongside his caseworker Theresa Hunt , 53 , according to Delaware County District Attorney Jack Whelan . The two went into psychiatrist Dr. Lee Silverman 's office and an argument erupted , Whelan said . Hunt shut the door and called police . Moments later , shots were fired . Another doctor and caseworker ran into the room and found Hunt wounded , authorities said . The physicians wrestled Plotts to the floor and held him until police came . A bullet grazed Silverman 's head . He was treated and released after investigators interviewed him . Silverman used a gun he was carrying to shoot Plotts in the arm and torso , authorities said . Plotts was being treated at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania . It 's unclear why Plotts opened fire , authorities said last week . Whelan told CNN affiliate WPVI , "  This could be a much different situation if the perpetrator was allowed to continue with his actions , so I give credit for the staff for intervening . " Two guns were recovered at the scene -- Plotts ' and Silverman 's . It was n't certain who shot Hunt but , according to Whelan , investigators believe Silverman shot Plotts in self-defense . DA to decide whether to charge killer of intruder who yelled ` I 'm pregnant ' CNN 's Kisa Mlela Santiago , Shelby Lin Erdman , Dominique Dodley , Christy Lenz , Chelsea Carter , Allison Malloy and Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	DA spokeswoman : Richard Plotts is charged with first and third degree murder , among other charges Psychiatrist uses gun he was carrying to shoot suspect , authorities said A caseworker was killed and two people , including suspect , were wounded in the shooting
CNN  Malala Yousafzai 's stellar career has included a Nobel Peace Prize . Last week , she made it into outer space . A NASA astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from Pakistan , who was gravely wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls ' to go to school . It took a meticulous medical response to save her life more than two years ago . But Malala recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause . After reading her story , scientist Amy Mainzer , who also consults for PBS on a children 's educational science show , decided Malala deserved to be immortalized . So , she attached her name to the heavens . Thousands of asteroids swarm through the solar system mainly between Mars and Jupiter . Mainzer , working at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , discovered Asteroid 316201 in June 2010 , which gave her the right to name it . "  My postdoctoral fellow Dr. Carrie Nugent brought to my attention the fact that although many asteroids have been named , very few have been named to honor the contributions of women  and particularly women of color  , " Mainzer wrote in a note to Malala . Mainzer gave it the name 316201 Malala , or 2010 ML48 . Malala 's asteroid circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years , Mainzer said . "  It is about 4 kilometers in diameter , and its surface is very dark , the color of printer toner . " As a scientist , her support for Malala 's work is logical . When girls around the world also get educations , it increases human potential . "  We desperately need the brainpower of all smart people to solve some of humanity 's most difficult problems , and we ca n't afford to reject half the population 's , " Mainzer wrote .	Astrophysicist Amy Mainzer says she was was touched by Malala 's story of determination Mainzer also works on educating children about science
CNN  -- The Bush administration said Monday it notified Congress of plans to sell $ 20 billion in sophisticated arms to Saudi Arabia . The deal includes the proposed sale of 900 "  joint direct attack munitions " worth close to $ 120 million , said U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack . Arriving in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , for talks with King Abdullah , Bush delivered a proposed weapons sale that is part of a U.S. strategy to beef up security of its Persian Gulf allies to counter threats posed by Iran 's rising influence in the region . Sen. Joseph Biden , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said the committee would examine the deal . "  We need to be convinced that the sale makes sense militarily and ensure that it in no way harms our security or those of our allies , " the Democrat from Delaware said in a news release . "  We must also make certain that the administration does not just try to use a few arms sales to substitute for the comprehensive , coherent strategy we need for the region . " Bush 's Mideast tour includes visits to Israel , the West Bank , Bahrain , Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates . See map of Bush 's itinerary " Also on Monday , top Iranian officials heaped scorn on Bush 's visit to the Middle East , with one of them saying the American leader was attempting to stir up "  Iranophobia , " a state-run Iranian news agency reported Monday . Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency noted the comments of Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki and Ala'eddin Boroujerdi , head of the Iranian parliament 's National Security and Foreign Policy Commission . Bush , in a speech Sunday in Abu Dhabi , labeled Iran as the "  world 's leading sponsor of terror " and asked allies to join the United States in confronting Iran "  before it 's too late . " But Mottaki -- who made his remarks to Al-Jazeera news network Sunday -- said the United States "  was the main cause of extremism in the region as it has been supporting terrorist and extremist groups during the past six years . " Watch excerpt from Bush 's speech " He said Bush was trying to foment tensions in the Persian Gulf over the Strait of Hormuz incident on January 6 . The U.S. military described a confrontation between U.S. ships and Iranian boats , but Mottaki called the American version of the story fabricated , the Islamic Republic News Agency said . The report paraphrased Mottaki as saying that "  fanning the fuel of Iranophobia was the objective of Bush 's visit to the region . " In the IRNA report , Boroujerdi said referring to Iran as a threat wo n't affect Teheran 's ties with its neighbors . Mottaki touted growing bilateral cooperation between Iran and its neighbors and said that U.S. officials ca n't "  understand the historical , religious and cultural commonalties between Iran and other regional countries , " said the IRNA report . The report paraphrased Boroujerdi as saying Bush 's talk about Iran "  is the saber-rattling of a defeated man . " "  Bush would achieve no results from his visit to the region given Iran 's current cooperation with the regional states as well as Tehran 's firm decision to safeguard regional security with the help of the regional countries , " the lawmaker said . Boroujerdi indicated that Bush embarked on the trip to shore up support for his unpopular policies and that his visit to the West Bank and the Persian Gulf "  was just a political propaganda campaign as he knew his policies in the region were futile . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elise Labott also contributed to this report .	NEW : Bush administration plans to sell Saudis $ 20 billion in arms Iran says President Bush fomenting tensions ; U.S. leader arrives in Saudi Arabia Bush has asked Arab nations to confront Iran "  before it 's too late " President called Iran the "  world 's leading sponsor of terror "
Washington  CNN  -- Amid the cacophony of political analysis and reporting around the midterm elections , here 's a user 's guide -- our effort to slice and dice the story lines for what you need to know from now till November . 1 . Return of the establishment Republicans : But will it mean GOP victories in the fall ? The tea party 's candidates have failed to catch on in Kentucky , North Carolina and Mississippi , to name a few . Absent any onetime witches in the field , there 's no guarantee that the tea party faithful will turn out in droves to push Sen. Mitch McConnell over the finish line to re-election in November . 2014 primary calendar 2 . Wherefore art thou , independents ? Are they disenfranchised conservatives or middle-of-the-road voters who are thoroughly ticked off at Washington ? Either way , will they vote ? 3 . Minimum wage/minimum gain ? Will Democrats get a minimum return on the time they have invested on the issue ? President Barack Obama continually pushed for an increase in the minimum wage throughout the year . He 's been taking it to voters outside the Beltway . But is the issue doing what Democrats are hoping for and energizing their base ? 4 . Boehner and the border : Will House Speaker John Boehner take immigration reform to the floor ? Will he buck his caucus ' most conservative members ? And if so , will it have any effect on who turns out to vote ? 5 . Embrace the Act : Can Democrats effectively run on the parts of the Affordable Care Act that the public likes ? Will the public still like any of it as the year wears on ? Who 'll run away from it , and who 'll run on it ? And with polls showing almost half of the country now wanting to tweak it instead of throwing it out , can running on the anti-Obamacare theme gin up the conservative base as much as some in the GOP expect ? 6 . The 2016 GOP field : Fired up and ready to go ... but to where ? 2014 midterms : What 's at stake 7 . Meet the Clintons : Where will they campaign ? Will they focus their efforts on early primary states , or will they leapfrog directly to the 2016 purple states ? And when they 're campaigning , will we hear them selling the Obama years or laying out their rationale for Hillary 's expected 2016 run ? 8 . The other ones : Where , if anywhere , on the campaign trail will we see the 2016 Democrats-in-waiting like Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , Virginia Sen. Mark Warner and Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar ? What are they selling ? 9 . Who 'll rise from the masses ? If the Republicans are looking outside the Beltway for their 2016 champion , who 'll most effectively use 2014 to stand out from the rest ? 2014 key races to watch 10 . The economy , the economy , the economy : There are only five more jobs reports between now and Election Day ; is there a silver lining or a sliver of hope for Democrats that Obama 's economy will be their life raft rather than their anvil ? 11 . The first couple : As Obama seems relegated to collecting checks at Democrats ' fundraisers , will the first lady hit the hustings ? 12 . Where 's Joe ? : Keep track of how many times Vice President Joe Biden pops up in New Hampshire , Iowa , South Carolina and Florida in the next six months . Potential 2016 candidates 13 . Chris Christie 's Republican Governors Association : How successful will the New Jersey governor be at getting Republican governors elected ? Will he have gathered enough chits and contacts within the GOP 's donor class to revitalize his vision of sitting in the Oval Office ? 14 . Marijuana on their mind ? Will there be a "  higher " turnout in Alaska and Oregon , where voters will get the chance to legalize pot ? Could those states keep the Senate blue ? 15 . Benghazi backlash : Is it a cold that could develop into a flu for Democrats ? While they might brush aside Rep. Trey Gowdy 's special committee as a joke , the GOP base will eat it up . Complete 2014 midterms coverage	Republican primaries will indicate strength of establishment vs. the tea party Obamacare will play a role in the outcome ; the question is how big 2014 midterms will be the opening act for 2016 presidential elections
CNN  -- Armed , masked men raise their weapons and shoot dead three men sitting on a curb in a Syrian city . The images are captured on video , purportedly showing Islamist rebels carrying out a public execution of soldiers . The incident occurred in Raqqa city , in the north . Videos produced by locals sympathetic to the Islamists have appeared on the Web , and an opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights issued a report on the incident Tuesday . "  Rebel fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and Bilad al-Sham  Syria  have summarily executed three men in the middle of a square in Raqqa city , " the Observatory said . "  The jihadis stated that the detainees were officers from the Syrian army . " The videos show armed masked men standing in a street , with one of them reading from a paper . A crowd of onlookers can be seen in the background . Gunmen shoot dead three men who are sitting on a curb and the militants raise their weapons in celebration . There was no immediate comment on the incident from rebel leaders and the government . This is the latest report of an atrocity in a war rife with abuse , killing and widespread population displacement . Since the unrest began in March 2011 , Syrians have described a range of human rights abuses by security forces and backers of President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . There have been claims of atrocities by rebel forces as well . The Raqqa incident comes on the heels of a horrific video showing a man said to be a Syrian rebel carving into the body of a government soldier , cutting out his heart and liver , and putting the heart in his mouth , taking a bite . Other violence persisted Wednesday . Clashes broke out between rebel fighters and regime troops at the Aleppo central prison , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The Israeli military said several Syrian rockets landed in the Mount Hermon area of the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , on the border with Syria . At least 50 people were killed Wednesday across the country , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Of those , 18 were in Aleppo and four were in Raqqa . Meanwhile , the Internet is back up in Syria after being down for more than eight hours Wednesday , according to the Renesys Corp. , an Internet monitoring company . A week ago , a widespread Internet outage in Syria lasted more than 19 hours before access was restored . Diplomatic moves On Wednesday , the U.N. General Assembly adopted a resolution calling for a political transition in Syria . The resolution , which passed by a 107-12 vote , with 59 abstentions , also condemned the government 's increased use of heavy weapons and ongoing "  widespread and systematic gross violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms , " said a U.N. statement . It was the fifth resolution on Syria voted by the body since 2011 . "  If we are unable to do anything to stop this tragedy , then how can we sustain the moral credibility of this organization ? " Assembly President Vuk Jeremic said before the vote , according to the statement . Meanwhile , in Sweden , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov discussed the revival of a peace initiative based on last year 's Geneva conference . That conference , brokered by Russia and the United States , outlined how a transitional government could be formed in Syria . "  I think it 's fair to say that both of us are confident about the direction that we 're moving in and very , very hopeful that within a short period of time , the pieces will have come together fully so that the world , hopefully , will have an opportunity to be given an alternative to the violence and destruction that is taking place in Syria at this moment , " Kerry said . Lavrov cited the Russian-American proposal to convene a conference to start implementing the Geneva communique last June . "  It 's self-explanatory , and what we need now is to mobilize support for this initiative on the basis of what was , I believe , in Geneva and what was proposed by Washington and Moscow : to mobilize support , first of all , by all the Syrian groups , the regime and all opposition groups ; and second by those outside actors who have influence on either one or the other Syrian group , " Lavrov said . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report	NEW : U.N. General Assembly adopts resolution on Syria , calling for transition The Internet is back up in Syria after being down for eight hours A video apparently shows a public execution of Syrian army officers Israel says Syrian rockets struck in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , on the Syrian border
EW.com  -- Steve McQueen 's 12 Years a Slave is an agonizingly magnificent movie : the first great big-screen dramatization of slavery . Based on actual events , it begins in 1841 and tells the story of a free black man from Saratoga Springs , N.Y. , a musician named Solomon Northup  Chiwetel Ejiofor  , who walks around in a natty gray suit , secure in the courtly modesty of his life as a husband and father of two . But then he accepts an offer to go to Washington , D.C. , with a pair of traveling entertainers , and when they 're out at a restaurant drinking wine , we get the queasy feeling this is too good to be true . It is . Solomon is n't being hired for his talents . He 's being trafficked . He wakes up in a cold , stark prison cell , with a spiderweb of chains shackling his arms and legs . The traffickers have drugged him and are sending him down to Louisiana , where he 'll be sold into slavery . Gazing at his chains as if he were in a bad dream he simply has to wake up from , the brilliant Chiwetel Ejiofor places us right inside Solomon 's skin , and instantly we 're sharing the horror this man 's life has become . Ejiofor may have the most eloquent eyes of any actor now working . They are orbs of pure expression , and in this movie they need to be because Solomon can rarely speak what he 's feeling . What we read in his intensely private thousand-yard stare is the agony of a man robbed of freedom , but also the renunciation of despair . Whatever happens , he will persevere and survive . He will know misery , but he will not fall into the trap of madness . He will transcend . The scalding power of McQueen 's artistry begins with this : He uses the fact that Solomon was n't born into human bondage to draw us into the experience of slavery . Solomon has to learn to answer insults or bear whippings with silence , to pretend he 's a toady who ca n't read or write , and the cruelty of that process becomes the film 's way of dramatizing the unnaturalness of slavery . Is it just Solomon who 's really a free man ? No , every slave is . 12 Years a Slave is based on a book Northup wrote about his ordeal , and McQueen , working from a superb script by John Ridley , has structured the film as a diarylike series of incidents . There are no trumped-up arcs to pad out what we 're watching . The crushing reality of Solomon 's day-to-day existence is all the drama the film needs . Solomon 's first slave owner  Benedict Cumberbatch  reveals a few humane instincts -- as much as a slave owner 's behavior can be called " humane . " But then , after showing too much pride , Solomon gets sold off to Edwin Epps  Michael Fassbender  , a seething plantation owner who 's a kind of diabolical psychologist of sadism . He can see the fire in Solomon 's heart and is driven to break him . When he learns that Solomon has tried to get a white laborer to send a letter north , he holds Solomon 's face close , saying he knows what 's going on , and Solomon defuses the situation with an ingenious lie that he must sustain for minutes on end , without a tremor , staring his overseer right in his taunting eye . This is virtuoso filmmaking that lays bare the degraded relationships with a terrifying intimacy . Edwin has a consuming obsession with Patsey  Lupita Nyong ` o  , the slave who picks more cotton each day than any other slave  500 pounds of it  and whom he regularly rapes . Their " relationship " becomes part of a debased triangle , since Edwin 's wife  Sarah Paulson  is aware of his fixation . Due to her jealousy , and to Edwin 's disgust at his own desires , Patsey is subjected to the torments of hell . Lupita Nyong ` o 's performance is shattering . She goes to a place of private terror and communion beyond pain . When Edwin is whipping Patsey , McQueen plays a startling trick : He holds on the image of Edwin brandishing the whip -- a Hollywood clich -- and then , as we 're lulled into that familiar " it 's only a movie " mode , the camera , without a cut , spins around to show the obscene violence of the whipping . The mortification of flesh hits us in the solar plexus . It 's Ejiofor 's extraordinary performance that holds 12 Years a Slave together . He gives Solomon a deep inner strength , yet he never softens the nightmare of his existence . His ultimate pain is n't the beatings or the humiliation . It 's being ripped from his family , blockaded away from all he is . 12 Years a Slave lets us stare at the primal sin of America with open eyes , and at moments it 's hard to watch , yet it 's a film of such emotion that in telling the story of a life that gets taken away , it lets us touch what life is . Grade : A See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Chiwetel Ejiofo stars in the Steve McQueen directed film Movie is based on true story of a free man kidnapped into slavery Reviewer says "  This is virtuoso filmmaking "
CNN Student News  -- June 1 , 2009 Quick Guide A Look Back - Take a drive back in time as another American icon 's wheels come off . Cybersecurity Concerns - Plug into the reasons why President Obama has cybersecurity concerns . Reusable Lessons - Step onto the campus of a school that 's a model of sustainability . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News ! It is the first day of June and our last week before summer break . Thank you very much for joining us . First Up : A Look Back AZUZ : First up , a major move for the country 's largest automaker as General Motors is expected to file for bankruptcy today . This comes one month after Chrysler , another of the so-called "  Big Three " U.S. car companies , did the very same thing . Under the terms of General Motors ' bankruptcy , the company will be reorganized and essentially taken over by the government . Thirty years ago , GM made up more than 40 percent of U.S. auto sales . Today , that number is 19 percent . The company 's reported more than $ 90 billion in losses since 2005 . As the bankruptcy process begins , Christine Romans looks back at the history of GM and the American car . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP CHRISTINE ROMANS , CNN BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT : Henry Ford started at the beginning of the last century with four wheels and a running board ; 1908 was the birth of American car culture . That same year , General Motors was formed in Flint , Michigan . It was n't until 1925 when the "  Big Three " was complete with the formation of Chrysler Corporation . JOHN DAVIS , HOST , MOTORWEEK : When the Big Three emerged , they not only emerged as rivals that really gave Americans much better automobiles at the time , but they also cemented the American automobile as a world standard . ROMANS : "  As goes General Motors , so goes the nation . " That phrase defined America 's economic power for much of the last century . PETER MORICI , ECONOMIST , UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND : So many folks were either employed at General Motors or the other two major car makers , making steel and all the other components that go into cars . It just meant that if the automobile companies were prospering , the country was prospering , too . ROMANS : Today , there are 74,000 rank-and-file GM workers in the U.S. . But in its heyday , GM was the largest industrial company in the world ; a technology leader . By 1979 , 600,000 people worked for GM . Those good jobs helped build America 's middle class . DAVIS : It also allowed us to migrate out from the cities to have the quarter lot in a suburb , to basically get away from a lot of the congestion of the metropolitan areas . ROMANS : General Moters was the company that revolutionized what we drove , how we thought about our cars , and how we paid for them . GM invented auto loans and the model year . It was the first to hire designers instead of engineers to create new car concepts ; think big fins and chrome of the 1950s and 60s . And everything changed . Ford adopted flashy fins with the Ford Fairlane , as did Chrysler with the popular Desoto . Automobiles from the Big Three put their stamp on popular culture , from music to movies to television . What 's considered to be the first rock and roll song ever recorded was "  Rocket 88 " by Ike Turner , about a GM product . The Pontiac GTO , considered by many to be the first true muscle car , was showcased in a song by Ronnie and the Daytonas . RONNIE AND THE DAYTONAS , "  LITTLE GTO " : Little GTO , you really ... . ROMANS : The Corvette on Route 66 . The 1948 Ford in the iconic movie "  Grease . " FROM "  GREASE " : Go grease lighting , go grease lighting ... ROMANS : The TransAm in Smokey and the Bandit , and Archie Bunker 's Old La Salle . CARROLL O'CONNOR AND JEAN STAPLETON , "  ALL IN THE FAMILY " : Gee , our Old La Salle ran great . Those were the days ... END VIDEO CLIP Shoutout GEORGE RAMSAY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Schultz 's civics classes at David Brearley Middle School in Kenilworth , New Jersey . Where did the word "  cyberspace " first appear ? Was it in a : A  Movie , B  Book , C  Scientific paper or D  Magazine article ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Author William Gibson is credited with creating the word in a science fiction novel . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Cybersecurity Concerns AZUZ : It may have started as science fiction , but these days , practically all of us , including the government , spend time in cyberspace . But President Obama says we 're not as prepared as we should be , as a government or a country , for cyber-attacks . That 's why he 's planning to create a new position : cybersecurity coordinator . Jeanne Meserve explains the new job . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP JEANNE MESERVE , CNN HOMELAND SECURITY CORRESPONDENT : Hackers cut power to a skyscraper and then reprogram it to play Space Invaders in a spoof video on YouTube . But cybersecurity is not a laughing matter . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : It 's now clear this cyberthreat is one of the most serious economic and national security challenges we face as a nation . MESERVE : Americans use the Internet to bank and shop and talk to one another . Electricity , water , transportation all depend on it . But every day , there are attacks . The White House estimates in the past two years cybercrime has cost Americans more than $ 8 billion . And last year alone , hackers stole one trillion dollars worth of business secrets . Military and intelligence networks have been penetrated , and tests have shown a cyberattack can destroy critical infrastructure , like this generator . President Obama says the country is not prepared . OBAMA : From now on , our digital infrastructure , the networks and computers we depend on every day , will be treated as they should be : as a strategic national asset . Protecting this infrastructure will be a national security priority . MESERVE : The president will hand pick a cybersecurity coordinator to integrate policies across government , work closely with the private sector , and coordinate the federal response to attacks . Still unknown : who will get the job . JAMES LEWIS , CENTER FOR STRATEGIC AND INTERNATIONAL STUDIES : If you get the wrong person , or you put them in an office that does n't have very much power , you can have the best plan in the world and it still wo n't work . MESERVE : The plan is short on specifics , though the president says government will not dictate security standards to private industry , and will not monitor private networks or Internet traffic . Security experts say they generally like the steps the administration is taking , but warn there are many more steps to take on the long road to securing the nation 's cyber-infrastructure . Jeanne Meserve , CNN , Washington . END VIDEO CLIP Big Ben 's Birthday ! AZUZ : Heading across the Atlantic now to celebrate a big British birthday . Big Ben , one of the world 's most famous clocks , turned 150 years old yesterday . Recently voted as Britain 's favorite monument , it 's actually just the 14-ton bell that 's named "  Big Ben , " although most people use it describe the tower and clock , too . Despite a couple disruptions over the years , Big Ben has helped keep London on time since 1859 . Extra , Extra Innings AZUZ : This college baseball game did n't last quite 150 years , but it did go into extra innings ; 16 of them ! Texas and Boston College took the field at 7 p.m. and left it at 2 a.m. after playing the longest game in NCAA history : 25 innings , almost 3 full games . At one point , a relief pitcher threw 13 scoreless innings . In the end , an RBI single helped Texas triumph , 3-2 . Word to the Wise RAMSAY : A Word to the Wise ... sustainable  adjective  capable of being maintained with minimal long-term effects on the environment source : www.dictionary.com Reusable Lessons AZUZ : Sustainability projects can be as simple as recycling paper and plastic and using recycled materials , or they can be as complex as altering the viscosity of waste oil to convert it into biodiesel fuel . There 's one place in Atlanta , Georgia that 's doing all of this : a school ! Jacqui Jeras takes us on a tour of the campus 's environmentally-friendly efforts . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP JACQUI JERAS , CNN WEATHER ANCHOR : The botany classroom is the great outdoors for students at the Lovett School in Atlanta . ELLIOT MCCARTHY , THE LOVETT SCHOOL : This is something that we 'll actually use later in life . JERAS : They 're digging in the dirt , getting lessons in environmental sustainability . MCCARTHY : It 's much healthier for you , it 's less chemicals , it 's completely natural and it costs less . JERAS : The school 's organic garden is just the beginning . ALEX REYNOLDS , SCIENCE TEACHER : The idea that your labor can then nourish you is a life lesson , you know , and the fact that you take responsibility . If you do something wrong , you have to fix it . JERAS : Food from the garden goes to the cafeteria . Menus change depending on what 's fresh . The dining hall is also trayless , saving thousands of gallons of water used to wash them . The cafeteria does more than just cook with sustainability in mind . For example , all of the oil that is used for fried foods is ultimately turned into biodiesel . That biofuel is used to fill up the school 's maintenance vehicles for half the cost of gas . There is even a wind turbine on campus creating electricity . But the key is keeping the students involved . BILL DUNKEL , PRINCIPAL , THE LOVETT SCHOOL : It 's really important for us to educate young people to be good citizens for the 21st century . THOMAS MACDONALD , THE LOVETT SCHOOL : It 's my earth and my water and my air , too , so I dont want anybody trashing it . JERAS : Jacqui Jeras , CNN , Atlanta . END VIDEO CLIP Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go : the answer to one of life 's great mysteries . Why did the chicken cross the road ? To get a donut ! At least that 's this bird brain 's excuse . Alright , he 's actually a rooster , but you get it . Every morning , he 'd hear the opening bell at Scrumdiddilyumptious Donuts and dash across the street to get his complementary breakfast . Did heavy traffic ever scare him away from his risky run ? Goodbye AZUZ : We already told you , this guy 's no chicken . Well , we will be back tomorrow . You guys have a great one .	Take a drive back in time as another American icon 's wheels come off Plug into the reasons why President Obama has cybersecurity concerns Step onto the campus of a school that 's a model of sustainability
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- Most businesses would hate to see their customers running out their doors , but in one suburban strip mall near Denver , Colorado , they are chasing the customers away -- with a chainsaw . "  We 're ` hauntrepreneurs , ' we like to do things that are just a little bit different , " says KathE Walker , who owns four haunted houses in the Denver area . "  It 's really exciting because you know you 've done a good job , " Walker says . "  If they are running out screaming , then the actors have done their jobs , everybody has had a good time because they want to be scared . That 's why they come . "  If they 're not scared , they wo n't come back . " KathE Walker -- the capital E is n't a typo , "  it 's a '60s thing , " she says -- laughs a lot for a woman in the business of scaring her customers . Walker , 59 , runs her haunts with her husband and two grown sons . They spend the rest of the year making props for other haunted houses around the country and they throw a big science fiction convention each spring . Despite the tough economy , Walker says , business is good . She anticipates a total of 40,000-50 ,000 visitors , each paying $ 14.95 to get scared . She employs about 175 people for the Halloween season . Three of her haunts are in unused storefronts in suburban strip malls and a fourth operates out of trailers in a field near a state park . Visitors are also asked to contribute a can of food for a local food bank . Larry Kirchner , president of the Haunted House Association , says business is booming across the country for seasonal frightfests . The association says there are 2,000 for-profit haunts across the country , plus another 1,000 houses run for charity . Around 20 million fright-seekers will pay an average of $ 15 a visit this Halloween season , according to the group . That 's a surprising figure to some in these lean economic times . "  We feel very fortunate , " Walker says . "  I know that the economy is very scary for a lot of people . The people that we aim the haunted houses at are kids in high school and college , kids that have a lot more disposable income . They 're still living with their parents . "  We do n't draw a lot of people that are desperate to make their mortgages . ... It 's great date-night stuff . Guys love bringing their girlfriends here , they 're holding onto them . It 's fun . " It 's fun for Walker , too . While giving a tour of Slaughterhouse Gulch , which features a series of movie monsters , she giggles as a cluster of date-night teenagers scream and run from Leatherface , the villain from the "  Texas Chainsaw Massacre " films . "  You make some money , obviously that 's why you keep doing it , " she says . "  But for the most part we put a lot of money back into the haunted house so we can keep making them bigger and better . ... It can be kind of expensive . You cross your fingers each year hoping people will come . " Walker says she loves the challenge of scaring people . "  Some people come in and they say ` Oh you ca n't scare me , ' " she says . "  And they all end up running out of here , just terrified . " So what scares Walker ? "  Clowns . I hate clowns . It took me a long time to finally let clowns be in the haunted house . " ` Scaring people is really fun ' Walker staffs her haunted houses with teens and 20-somethings who seem to have as much fun as the patrons . In the makeup room , Chris Parish is getting ready for his first day on the job . He 'll be playing the guy chained in the bathtub from the movie "  Saw . " "  Today is my first day scheduled , so I actually get to get paid for scaring people , " he says . "  Scaring people is really fun and it 's something that I love to do . " Halloween is makeup artist Michael Garvin 's favorite time of year . He was laid off in July and has n't been able to find another job , but during October he works days at a costume shop and nights making up the 35-40 actors who fill two of Walker 's haunts . "  When I was really young I fell in love with Halloween and then horror movies , " he said . "  I love this . I 'd do this just for the fun of it , but the paycheck at the end of the month is a good thing . " Caity Strother is 18 and has had trouble finding a job . It 's her second year working in Slaughterhouse Gulch , where she specializes in portraying an undead ghoul . "  I 've filled out probably 50 applications in the last two months and gotten maybe four calls back , " she said . Years of Catholic school have given Strother a skill that prospective employers have not been impressed by , but she puts it to good use in the haunted house . "  I get to yell at people in Latin , " she says .	Denver-area "  hauntrepreneur " runs four haunted houses with husband , two adult sons Haunted House Association says business is booming despite the lean economy 20 million visitors are expected nationwide this year , each paying an average of $ 15 About a third of the 3,000 houses in the United States benefit charity , group says
The Obama administration is moving closer to signing off on a plan to expand training for moderate Syrian rebels , U.S. officials said . Those groups are battling forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and extremist groups linked to al Qaeda . The plan still must be approved by President Barack Obama . It would be led by the military and complement a modest CIA program for training and equipping rebels that was authorized by the White House a year ago . What to know about Syria "  There is growing recognition that the Assad regime is an enabler of extremism , " said Oubai Shahbandar , an adviser to the Syrian Opposition Council . He said the training would go to help the Free Syrian Army fight both the regime 's forces and militias and al Qaeda-linked extremists . "  The decision to expand support to opposition forces to include an expanded American training program for the moderate Free Syrian Army reflects positively on the growing strategic cooperation between the U.S. and the Syrian Opposition , " Shahbander said . He added that the recent meetings between senior administration officials , Ahmad al-Jarba , the president of the opposition council , and Abdel Ilah al-Bashir , the new chief of the rebel Free Syrian Army , are "  bearing fruit . "	Plan still must be approved by President Barack Obama It would go along with a CIA program approved a year ago to train and equip rebels Syrian opposition adviser says the al-Assad regime is an "  enabler of extremism "
CNN  -- Patty Schemel , the former drummer for the Courtney Love-fronted band Hole , is starring in the upcoming documentary "  Hit So Hard . " The film examines Schemel 's roots , her rise to fame with Hole and her drug addiction . Schemel spoke to CNN about "  Hit So Hard , " her relationship with Love and Kurt Cobain , and her thoughts on women in the music industry today . CNN : "  Hit So Hard " highlights the time in your life when you were a member of Hole during the peak period of the grunge rock era . Have you been in touch with your former band mates since you left Hole in 1998 ? Were you in contact with them during the course of filming ? Patty Schemel : I kept in contact with Courtney  Love  over the years , I knew where she was at with that . Seeing the first edit of the documentary and how  Hole band mates  explained that time was pretty much the first time I got to know what their feelings were . Brought us all back together in a way . Just me reaching out to say "  thank you " for doing the interview and to sort of talk about that . And then we all met together at the New Directors New Films film festival at MoMA  New York 's Museum of Modern Art  last year . First time we were all together . So much around at that time because I had not been in the same room together with them since I walked out of the studio  13 years ago , recording the "  Celebrity Skin " album  . Nothing had changed in terms of waiting for Courtney , and that was the situation that night . Good to see everyone , good to stand together . Eric  Erlandson  and Courtney gifted us with the publishing of the music for the documentary ; we could not have made it without that music . CNN : How would you describe your relationship with Love and the other band members ? Schemel : We were still distant . I was not really in touch with everyone . In the process of the film , when we started shooting , I was still unsure as to whether I wanted to do the film . And then over time , things started to change . The more recovery I got , the less those sort of resentments were intense . Things started to dissolve towards everyone . -LSB- Love 's -RSB- always been honest -- she was the one in the situation with "  Celebrity Skin " and me being replaced with the studio guy . She was the one who did not surprise me -- she is honest about everything . And Eric and Melissa were the ones where I was like , "  what ? " I know her , and she is who she is , and I accept her exactly the way she is . With Eric  Erlandson  , I have always enjoyed playing music with him and Melissa  Auf der Maur  as well . At the time they talk about their feelings about what happened -- and Melissa said she was concerned about her bass parts and what she was going to do . We became this business that was swallowed by the machine . What we started out as is so different from what we became . We were feminists , we had these things to say , then it became the opposite result . In my mind , I felt a bit of naivet  in going along with it -- we 're going there , we 're doing it . Seeds were planted . CNN : What was it like to be in a band with Love , someone who Rolling Stone described as "  the most controversial woman in rock history " ? Schemel : She is extremely smart and also angry and had her demons . She pretty much released it all on stage , and a lot of people related to that , and kids related to that , and women related to that . I wish I could tell everyone to "  f " off like she does . That 's what she meant to a lot of people . Also , this sort of fearlessness . CNN : Everyone thinks of Courtney Love when they think of Hole . But your peers say you were really the force behind the band . Did you even know that at the time ? Schemel : No . Individually , I had my own thing going , my own demons to exorcise -- a girl , a drummer , all these things from my youth . I 'm gay -- there was anger during that time for me . I made my way to punk rock -- I found that there are other freaks and weirdos like me . I wanted to prove myself as a drummer and as a female musician to my band and to the rest of the world . CNN : You had a very close relationship with Kurt Cobain , and the film features some personal scenes between you and him . What is the most important thing you would want people to know about him after all this time ? Schemel : In outing that footage , it was a lot . He and I were friends before I joined Hole . He was a special person . He introduced me to Courtney to play in Hole . In the footage , he was the guy who loves his baby and his wife . And that 's what I wanted to show -- just that . Not anything else . CNN : What do you want people to learn from "  Hit So Hard " ? Schemel : With the film , I like the dialogue it starts about addiction . There 's always a good dialogue with the audience about addiction -- what it is , and , is that why I started using drugs , because i was in Hole ? I have something inside my DNA that makes me choose drugs as a solution instead of anything else . Also , the fact that it does get better , to quote that phrase . It does . I found my way being a gay woman and eventually got married and had a baby . I feel so grateful to play music for a living , but eventually found more about me than just doing that . I 'm not just a drummer , I am a lot more than that . CNN : What are your thoughts on women in music , especially in the rock genres , today ? Who do you look up to ? And who do you think are the "  ones to watch " ? Schemel : I really like "  Tegan and Sara " as songwriters . What they do is great . Their music is amazing , and they write their songs . Neko Case , she is an amazing singer and songwriter . There 's a band called , Best Coast . Those are my favorites right now . CNN : What are some of your favorite bands ? And what are the top albums that rock your world ? Schemel : "  Led Zeppelin III " was a huge one , and "  Physical Graffiti " is another great one . The soundtrack of my life during the '90s is My Bloody Valentine 's "  Loveless . " Anything by Yo La Tengo . Beatles ' "  Revolver " -- huge . "  Minor Threat " -- so important . CNN : What is a unique or surprising fact that most people do not know about you ? Schemel : I enjoy napping a lot -- naps are important . I just got excited about reading , and I 'm 44 . I love reading  laughs  .	Patty Schemel is starring in "  Hit So Hard , " a documentary about her life Schemel is the former drummer for the band Hole with Courtney Love Schemel : Courtney Love "  is extremely smart and also angry and had her demons "
CNN  -- Elmo and Gordon want you to wash your hands so you do n't catch the flu . Smokey Bear , the Ad Council 's most famous icon , has moved from 1940s posters to his own Facebook page . The "  Sesame Street " stalwarts star in a series of public service announcements to teach children healthy habits in the face of the H1N1 flu virus . The Muppet and the man  actor Roscoe Orman  are the latest in a long line of characters -- human and not -- to star in public service announcements co-sponsored by the Advertising Council . The Ad Council , the charitable arm of the advertising industry , employs the same top-flight talent that creates ads for Budweiser , Coca-Cola and other familiar brands . Watch Elmo and Gordon give the pitch " Growing beyond its early "  Buy War Bonds " posters and Smokey TV spots , today 's Advertising Council is moving into social media "  in a very big way , " said Peggy Conlon , the organization 's CEO . "  There 's all kinds of ways the Advertising Council finds its target audience on the web , " she said , noting that the group has its own YouTube channel . A marketing executive endorses the approach . "  If your target is young people , television really does n't make a lot of sense now if they 're spending hours on the Internet , hours in social media , " said Ben Kunz , director of strategic planning for Mediassociates , a media planning and Internet strategy firm . "  You need to find a way to reach them in the media that they consume . " The "  holy grail " is to go viral , as people pass the message around because they like it or think it 's important , Kunz said . A gory , four-minute British PSA on the dangers of texting while driving has received nearly 600,000 views on YouTube in less than two weeks , fueled in part by Facebook and Twitter links . Watch how the PSA has changed minds " "  If you can leverage these new human networks using mobile and Facebook and Twitter and blogs to disseminate your message , that 's the real home run , " he said . "  But the only way to do that is to give people a real reason to become engaged . " One campaign that tries to do that is called Boost Up , aimed at encouraging students to complete high school . Louis Caldera , who at the time was secretary of the Army , initiated the project with a call to the Ad Council because of a lack of qualified recruits . "  There was a disconnect between the societal message that said , ` Go to college , ' and -LSB- the Army 's -RSB- message , which said , ` Do n't go to college , join the military , ' " Caldera , a West Point alumnus , told CNN . Caldera wanted people to think of the Army as a leader in education issues , not an alternative to schooling , and he sought the Ad Council 's help . "  We absolutely did not want people to think this was about recruiting , " he said . The council put together a campaign intended for all students , with a particular goal of reaching Latinos , for whom dropout rates are higher than for other groups . "  It really encourages people -- both adults and their peers -- to give these kids the encouragement that they need to really reach within themselves and find the personal resolve that they need to overcome life 's difficulties and graduate from high school , " Conlon said . "  It 's a really smart campaign . I think it 's very genuine , and it resonates really well with kids . " Although dropout rates generally and among Latinos remain high , "  I think this is making a contribution to creating the environment in which more students can be successful , " said Caldera , now a senior fellow with the Center for American Progress , a Washington think tank . President Obama will appear in the latest series of Boost Up PSAs , to begin airing next week . The Ad Council and its partners measure a campaign 's success by how much donated media a campaign attracts . Media outlets will run an ad more if it helps them retain audiences , Conlon said . The Ad Council receives $ 1.8 billion a year in donated media , she said . Watch some notable Ad Council PSAs " The council also measures response to phone numbers or Web sites promoted in the ads and tracks awareness through before-and-after surveys , Conlon said . "  We can watch the needle move over time , " she said . "  It 's very scientific ; it 's very empirical . " But not every campaign is a home run , Conlon admitted . "  We kind of laugh about the Gerald Ford ` Whip Inflation Now ' with his big WIN buttons , " she said . "  The Advertising Council did that campaign , and for many reasons that were mostly cultural , it completely bombed . " And then there are those campaigns that get mixed reviews . "  The ` Just Say No ' campaign was probably the biggest success , " Kunz said . "  I think it led to something like the creation of 5,000 clubs around the country , and there was a definite decline in drug use . " Conlon laughed . "  It was a terrible campaign , " she said . "  And the reason was not because we should n't be telling young people not to use drugs , but it 's just not as simple as that . It stripped it down to such a simplistic message that it had terrible reaction on the part of kids . " Campaigns are about educating the public on the facts of an issue , Conlon said . "  You have to get their attention , and that 's where the creativity comes in , " Conlon said . "  It ca n't be just lecturing or just exposing the message to people . In this cluttered media environment , you really have to have something that breaks through . " One creative spot that has broken through on an emotional level depicts a grown man practicing cheerleading moves on a sidewalk . The humorous ad promotes fathers ' involvement in their children 's lives . "  Being a good dad sometimes requires shamelessness , " said Bill Ludwig , creative director at the Campbell Ewald ad agency in Detroit , Michigan , which created the spot . "  The idea is that the smallest moments can have the biggest impact on a child 's life . Just spend a little time with your kid . " The father-daughter message touched Facebook user Jessica Gonzales , a graduate student in San Diego , California . "  There 's plenty of ads telling us what to buy , how to look , etc. , but few remind us how to just be ... and how to be good to one another , " Gonzales said . "  The ad 's tagline is ` Take time to be a dad , ' but that message could be easily translated to so many other roles : Take time to be a friend , a mentor , a positive influence . " That 's the kind of response the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is hoping to get from co-sponsoring the "  Sesame Street " flu campaign . "  We are doing everything we can to protect public health and teach children how they can stay healthy and safe , " said Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . "  Elmo , Gordon , Sesame Workshop and the Ad Council are delivering an important message to our kids . "	Elmo and Gordon of "  Sesame Street " join long line of public service spot stars Charitable arm of advertising industry adapts to changing times , tech Media evolve from WWII posters to Twitter , Facebook , YouTube Creative minds that make best commercials also create service spots
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- The honors were late but still well-received Wednesday for members of the first all-African-American , all-female unit to serve overseas in World War II . Mary Crawford Ragland said when they came home from service , there were no parades for them . During the war , nearly 1,000 women from the "  Six-Triple Eight " Central Postal Battalion moved mountains of mail for millions of American service members and civilians that clogged warehouses in England and France . Their service to their country had been overlooked for years , starting with when they returned to the United States from assignments overseas . "  There was no parade , " said Mary Crawford Ragland . "  We just came home . " The 82-year old was among those gathered Wednesday at the Women 's Memorial at Arlington National Cemetery , where a U.S. Army support group called the Freedom Team Salute presented them with certificates of appreciation , timed with Black History Month . Watch women receive their honors " The group also gives a letter of appreciation signed by the Army Chief of Staff and the Secretary of the Army , an Army lapel pin and an Army decal . For Alyce Dixon , 101 , it was worth the wait . "  They asked me because I 'm one of the oldest survivors , and I can still talk , " she said with a smile . Nearly 800 women that were part of the 6888th were first stationed in Birmingham , England , for three months , moved to Rouen , France , and finally settled in Paris , according to the Army 's Web site . They were responsible for redirecting mail to more than seven million people -- all U.S. armed forces in the European Theater of Operations , including Army , Navy , Marine Corps , civilians and Red Cross workers . As Army units quickly moved throughout Western Europe and into Germany , a massive mail snag occurred because of a manpower shortage . Soldiers continued to move , fighting battles across the continent , but were n't getting their mail . Morale began to drop . That 's when the Army turned to the "  Six-Triple-Eight " When Dixon and the other women arrived at a warehouse in early 1945 , they found the building had no heat . Inside the warehouse , the windows were painted black to keep the light from coming out at night against bombing raids . Because there was no heat , the women donned long johns and anything else they could layer on . But the temperature was nothing compared with the daunting challenge of sorting the mail . When they walked inside the warehouse , it was stacked to the ceiling with undelivered packages and letters . "  They had 90 billion pieces of mail , " Dixon told CNN , some of it from hometown friends and family addressed only to "  Junior , U.S. Army or Buster , U.S. Army , " she said . "  We had to figure it out , " she said . Even when there were complete names , it was n't easy . There were 7,500 soldiers named Robert Smith in the European Theater of Operations , according to the Museum of Black WWII History Web site , and the women had to keep them straight . Because all undeliverable mail passed through them , they were charged with keeping information cards on everyone in the European Theater of Operations , according to the Army site . Because frontline soldiers were often moved frequently , the women often had to update information several times a month . While it was an arduous task , the women knew the importance of their job . For soldiers in the field , letters from loved ones brought important personal connections that kept their morale going . So they kept on sorting . Eight hours at a time , three shifts per day , seven days a week , they kept on sorting . And because of them , 65,000 letters went out each shift to soldiers across Europe . On Wednesday , the favor was finally returned .	Women were enlisted to help with backlog of mail that was decreasing morale They worked in freezing conditions but sorted 65,000 letters a shift Women had to find who letters addressed to "  Buster " or "  Junior " were for Women responsible for mail for more than 7 million service members and civilians
CNN  -- The bright yellow front wall of the compound is lined with perfectly pruned palm trees . Our hosts open a metal gate and usher us inside to a large yard with a fresh-cut lawn , more palm trees and a circular pool in the middle . The house itself is a two-story dwelling , also painted in bright yellow with white accents and double-paned windows with arched tops and red tile roof . In any large American city , this house would be a suburban , upper-middle class home -- but here in the town of Antunez , located in a mainly rural area of the Mexican southwestern state of Michoacan , it seems much grander , certainly in stark contrast with the adobe houses next door . "  This is now our barracks , " says a vigilante who spoke to us on condition of anonymity . "  Some of our guys sleep and eat here . Some took the weapons that used to belong to the trafficker . " When we visited , half-a-dozen vigilantes stood guard outside . Our hosts are a group of local men who rose up in arms against the Knights Templar , a rather romantic name for a criminal organization known not only for drug trafficking , but also for terrorizing people in this part of Mexico through extortion , executions , rape and murder . The drug war in Mexico , which has been raging since former President Felipe Calderon started fighting back against the cartels in 2006 , has claimed 100,000 lives . States like Michoacan are largely in the control of the cartels : 90 per cent of the cocaine that enters the U.S. does so through Mexico . The country is also a major supplier of marijuana , methamphetamine and , more recently , heroin . The mansion 's owner , Efrain Isaac Rosales , also known as "  El Tucan "  The Toucan  , fled on January 10 when the town rose up in arms against him and his gunmen . They say he left so fast that he even abandoned some of his weapons in the house . Rosales is a lieutenant under the leadership of Servando Gomez , also known as "  La Tuta , " the head of the Knights Templar cartel . Some 20 towns have been retaken from the drug gangs , according to the vigilantes , but Gomez , the former schoolteacher-turned-cartel leader , still holds a tight grip over Michoacan , ruling with intimidation and violence . He makes occasional public appearances , handing out money to the poor -- he considers himself an altruist -- and loudly trying to justify his presence in the state . " -LSB- The Knights Templar -RSB- are a necessary evil , " he once told an assembled crowd . "  Fortunately -- or unfortunately -- we are here . If we were n't , another group would come . " On a decorative opening in the foyer of his lieutenant 's former residence , standing next to a modern art statue , is a mini 14 , an assault rifle that fires .223 - caliber bullets like an AR15 , left behind by Rosales when he fled . This one had a 30-round magazine . The rifle sits next to a bulletproof vest . From the foyer , a hallway connects to a living area with a large , dark brown leather recliner in the middle . On the wall , there 's a rack for a large flat screen TV ; but the vigilante groups have looted the house already and many pieces of furniture are missing , giving the residence the feeling of a house whose owners have just moved out . It 's still clean , with the exception of the bathrooms , but the beds are unmade and there are pieces of furniture and objects in odd places . The vigilantes are giving us access to what was believed to be Rosales ' "  family home . " It 's hard to miss that the house shares two walls with the Church of Our Lady of Guadalupe . The church is also painted in similar colors : bright yellow and white . This is not the only property the vigilantes have occupied that used to belong to the cartel lieutenant . He also owned a nearby ranch called "  La Ilusion "  The Illusion  , which is surrounded by grapefruit trees and hundreds of hectares of avocado trees , the fruit of which has made the state of Michoacan known around the world . The vigilantes also confiscated a couple of vehicles that were left at the property : a white , late-model , Dodge Ram pickup truck and a modified truck painted matt black . The latter was fitted with half-inch steel plates and shooting portals in the double cabin and in the back . It had signs of having been in a shootout , riddled with bullet holes on the driver 's side , the hood and the windshield . The property also features a shed with white pillars and red tile roof covering a living area with grills and chairs leading to the lawn connecting to the two-level circular pool divided in the middle . The vigilantes have been accused of looting the properties they have confiscated , and indeed some have been charged with excesses . But they are , by and large , treated as heroes by the people they have agreed to protect . A vigilante in the nearby town of La Huerta , who covers his face with a ski mask and identifies himself as "  Juan , " says they say they had no option but to rise up in arms to protect their people and lands . "  If the government ca n't help you , you have to help yourself , " Juan says . "  All we want to do is just pick up the arms so that we can drive them away . After that we 're just going to put them down again . " Juan speaks English with a southern American accent . He says he lived in North Carolina from the time he was eight years old and returned to Mexico when he was 20 . He 's now 24 and a married father of two . The federal government 's attitude towards the vigilante groups appears to be changing too . Once the army and police would round up the irregulars : now the authorities appear to want to legalize them , freeing them up to fight the cartels . Hipolito Mora , the leader of yet another vigilante group in the town of Felipe Carrillo Puerto , says they have kept the movement against organized crime with the same resources the Knights Templar used to attack them in the past . "  With the same resources that used to belong to the Knights Templar , their ranches and properties , we 're financing this movement , " Mora says . "  We did it at first and we continue to do so . " He remains philosophical about the dangers in which he has placed himself . "  I am not afraid . We are all going to die anyway . " The vigilantes are also returning property they say the Knights Templar stole from local people including ranches , lime orchards , wells , farming machinery and vehicles . The same morning we spoke to Mora , Grace Villa , a town resident , visited to personally thank him for allowing her and her family to recover their lime orchards . "  I think they 're doing the right thing , " Villa says , "  I think it was a very brave thing to do because they stood up for everybody . " Her family , Villa says , had to flee after 30 armed men showed up at their property demanding the title . "  They wanted to charge the people who picked lemons and they wanted to charge people who owned houses . The drug cartels were just sucking the money out of everybody and it was just going too far . "	The eight-year drugs war has claimed around 100,000 lives in Mexico Now federal government policy towards vigilantes appears to be changing In Antunez , vigilantes show CNN a home that they recently confiscated In some parts of Mexico , vigilantes are returning property to victims of drugs cartels
CNN  -- A veterinary pharmacy in Florida acknowledged Thursday that it incorrectly prepared medication used to treat 21 horses who all died around the time of an international polo match last weekend . Veterinarian Scott Swerdlin talks with reporters Sunday about his Palm Beach Equine Clinic 's response . The deaths of the ponies , witnessed in full view by spectators Sunday in a dramatic scene where horses collapsed one after another , have shaken the prestigious polo tournament at the marquee International Polo Club Palm Beach in Wellington , Florida . An internal investigation by Franck 's Pharmacy in Ocala , Florida , "  concluded that the strength of an ingredient in the medication was incorrect . We will cooperate fully with the authorities as they continue their investigations , " the company said in a statement issued Thursday afternoon . "  We extend our most sincere condolences to the horses ' owners , the Lechuza Polo team and the members of the United States Polo Association . We share their grief and sadness , " the pharmacy 's chief operations officer , Jennifer Beckett , said in the statement . A memorial ceremony for the horses is scheduled for Thursday at the U.S. Open Polo Championship , where officials hope to resume play after matches were postponed by rain Wednesday . The memorial service will include a brief speech and a wreath-laying on the field . The pharmacy said it prepared medication for the horses on orders from a veterinarian . Liz Compton , a spokeswoman for the state Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services , told CNN that the agency is awaiting toxicology results from the animals and could not comment on the pharmacy 's disclosure . "  Obviously , we are going to follow any and every potential lead to get to the bottom of this , " she said . The horses were trained by Lechuza Polo , a Venezuela-based team . Its captain , Juan Martin Nero , told an Argentine newspaper earlier this week that he had "  no doubts " vitamins administered to the animals were at fault . "  There were five horses that did not get the vitamin , and those were the only ones that survived , " Nero said . The horses collapsed one after another in front of spectators at the International Polo Club Palm Beach in Wellington , Florida , while being prepared for a tournament Sunday . Most were dead within an hour . Post-mortem examinations done by a University of Florida laboratory found significant hemorrhaging in several horses , but the findings did not single out a specific cause . CNN 's Kim Segal contributed to this report .	Franck 's Pharmacy in Ocala , Florida , says horses were given bad dosage Memorial service for 21 horses that died scheduled for Thursday All of the ponies died on Sunday around the time of an international polo match
The woman at the center of the Obamacare enrollment site , Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Administrator Marilyn Tavenner on Tuesday was the first government official to testify before Congress since the government 's health insurance exchange went live on October 1 . After nearly three hours of questions from both Republican and Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee , here 's what we learned : 1 . Finally , an apology After four very tumultuous weeks of open enrollment , Tavenner became the first government official to publicly apologize for the rocky rollout of HealthCare.gov . Tavenner : Sorry for problems , but system working "  We know that consumers are eager to purchase this coverage and to the millions of Americans who have attempted to use HealthCare.gov to shop and enroll in health care coverage , I want to apologize to you that the website has not worked as well as it should , " Tavenner said during her opening remarks . President Barack Obama has admitted his frustration and Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius has expressed regret , but on Tuesday , Tavenner accepted responsibility for the site 's failures . "  Obviously , I 'm accountable for this , " she said later in the hearing . But Tavenner was insistent that the site is not beyond repair . "  I want to ensure you that HealthCare.gov can and will be fixed and we are working around the clock to deliver the shopping experience that you deserve , " she said . "  We are seeing improvements each week , and as we said publicly , by the end of November , the experience on the site will be smooth for the vast majority of users . " Despite Tavenner 's claims of responsibility for the program 's failures , none of the members of the committee signaled that she should be reprimanded . On the other hand , more than 30 House Republicans and at least two prominent Republican members of the Senate have called for Sebelius ' resignation . Why Sebelius will keep her job ... for now 2 . Insurance plans are being canceled No fewer than 10 Republicans on the Ways and Means Committee held up or cited letters sent to constituents saying that their health insurance plans were going away . Most of these legislators quickly followed up with references to a talking point at the center of Obama 's pitch to consumers both before and after the Affordable Care Act was passed . "  If you like your health care plan , you can keep your health care plan , " the president repeated in speeches , weekly addresses and even the 2010 State of the Union address . At Tuesday 's hearing , Republicans called that promise misleading . Keep your plan ? Maybe not Opinion : Canceled health plan is a good thing Tavenner acknowledged that while some insurance companies had decided to stop offering certain plans on the individual market , the ACA did not force them to make that decision , and consumers whose plans have been canceled now have more comprehensive plans available to them . CNNMoney : Obamacare pricier for some individual buyers "  If , in fact , the issuer has decided to change the plan -- it did n't have to , " Tavenner said . "  Plans were grandfathered in in 2010 if they did n't make significant changes in cost-sharing and this sort of thing , they could keep the plans that they had . " Companies that decide to create new plans , Tavenner continued , must conform to new mandates under the ACA . These include a ban on rejections due to preexisting medical conditions , and new mandated benefits such as hospitalization , emergency services and maternity care . In response to repeated Republican questioning , Tavenner recommended that consumers who lose their coverage explore the options available to them on the new federal exchange . "  They can call the call center today and we will help them , " Tavenner said . "  They can go online and if they 're not successful we can help them through the call center . We also have people in their individual markets that can help them in person . So there are more methods than just the website . And I think that 's important . " 3 . Initial enrollment will be low Since the ACA passed in 2010 , Obama administration officials have pointed to the initial months of Massachusetts ' health reform implementation as a predictor of how the nation-wide rollout might go . While repeatedly emphasizing that her agency would n't be releasing any enrollment information until mid-November , Tavenner used this example again on Tuesday as one reason why the first round of numbers might be lower than expected . "  We expect the initial number to be small , " Tavenner said . "  And I think you 've seen that in our projections , and that was the Massachusetts experience as well . " Later Tavenner expanded on that explanation saying , "  The Massachusetts experience was very slow initially and then it started to ramp up over time . We expect the same type of projections . " In recent days , White House officials have cited a study in the New England Journal of Medicine that found the vast majority of the consumers who enrolled in the first month of the Massachusetts health insurance exchanges were Medicaid eligible . The study found that just 123 premium-paying enrollees signed up in Massachusetts during the first month , compared with 10,000 people who signed up for Medicaid or plans with no premiums . 4 . The partisan gulf remains wide -- and Democrats are standing by Obamacare As Republican after Republican read testimonials from their constituents about the disastrous effects the Affordable Care Act is having on insurance policies , and the tortured experiences many have had trying to enroll online , the stories coming from Democrats were quite different . Supporters of the law acknowledged that the first month of open enrollment had been less than pleasant , but the stories they recounted had happy endings . California Democrat Rep. Xavier Becerra told the story of Andrew Striker , who waited three hours to purchase insurance online , but was happy with his insurance in the end . "  The good news for Mr. Striker is he 's saving $ 6,000 as a result of being able to apply for the plan , " Becerra said . "  So it 's unacceptable for anyone to have to wait even three hours , and even though he says that he would have waited all day given the result he got , what we want is for everyone to experience the $ 6,000 savings -- maybe not that much , maybe more . " Rep. Danny Davis , a Democrat from Illinois , used his time to list off statistics demonstrating the successes of open-enrollment in his state . The most passionate defense of the health care law came from New Jersey Democratic Rep. Bill Pascrell , who chastised Republicans for trying to kill the law rather than working to improve it , as Democrats had done when faced with health reform they opposed , President George W. Bush 's Medicare Part D. "  We lost the policy fight , and what did we do ? We went back to our districts and we told our seniors although we voted no , we personally believe -- and will work with the Bush administration to make it work , that 's what we did , " Pascrell said , standing from his chair to face his colleagues . "  And how many of you stood up to do that ? None . Zero . Zero . " 5 . Capacity is improving In a statement that galled many Republicans on the committee , Tavenner said that despite all of its hiccups and inconsistencies , HealthCare.gov is currently functioning . "  The system is working , " she said . "  We 'd like for it to work better and that 's what we 've committed to do by the end of November . " Will the young and healthy use healthcare.gov ? Security hole found in Obamacare website For weeks , administration officials have said that performance is improving every day , and on a conference call with reporters on Tuesday afternoon CMS officials gave an update on consumers ' ability to create an account on HealthCare.gov , a major bottleneck in the site 's early days . "  Now we are able to process nearly 17,000 registrants per hour , or five per second , with almost no error rates , " CMS communications director Julie Bataille said on the call . "  So that 's the number of individuals who are completing that full account creation process , that first step in the application . "	Woman at center of Obamacare website is first official to apologize for rocky rollout Republicans say President 's Obamacare promise is misleading Administration cites Massachusetts health care law as example of slow enrollments Is the law helping ? Republicans say no , Democrats cite happy customers
CNN  -- A person who is brain dead may appear alive -- there may be a heartbeat , they may look like they 're breathing , their skin may still be warm to the touch . But doctors say there is no life when brain activity ceases . Doctors in Oakland , California , declared 13-year-old Jahi McMath to be brain dead on December 12 , three days after she underwent a tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy . The McMath family fought in court to keep the teen on a ventilator , and announced Monday that they had moved the girl to another care facility . While family attorney Christopher Dolan told reporters that for her safety , Jahi 's destination wo n't be announced , a New York facility said Sunday it was ready to accept her . "  We are aware of Jahi McMath 's dire situation , and we are willing to open our outpatient facility to provide 24-hour care , " said Allyson Scerri , founder of New Beginnings Community Center in Medford , New York . "  Her brain needs time to heal . " "  This child has been defined as a deceased person yet she has all the functional attributes of a living person despite her brain injury , " the center said on its website . When routine surgeries go wrong However , barring a misdiagnosis , medical experts say the teen will not recover if she is truly "  brain dead . " While laymen tend to use the words "  coma " and "  brain dead " interchangeably , in medicine they mean very different things . "  Coma " is the broader term used to describe a prolonged state of unconsciousness , according to the Mayo Clinic . Outwardly , it resembles sleep . Doctors may sometimes purposefully put a patient into a coma to give the brain time to heal . Comas rarely last longer than a couple of weeks , according to the clinic ; patients can fully regain consciousness or may transition from a coma into a persistent vegetative state . Someone in a persistent vegetative state has lost most higher cognitive function , but his or her brain shows some activity . The patient may open their eyes or exhibit small movements , but can not speak or respond to commands , according to the National Institutes of Health . Some patients can recover from this state , according to the NIH . Both these situations are different from brain death : According to the Uniform Determination of Death Act , an individual is dead when he or she "  has sustained either  1  irreversible cessation of circulatory and respiratory functions , or  2  irreversible cessation of all functions of the entire brain , including the brain stem . " What that essentially means is that the brain , an extremely complex organ , no longer helps the patient function . The human brain is divided into what doctors call the Lower Brain and the Upper Brain . The Lower Brain -- where the top of the spinal cord goes up through our necks and into our brains -- regulates body functions such as spontaneous breath , reflexes , our heartbeat , body temperature and sleep/wake cycles . The Upper Brain is behind all the "  higher " functions in a person 's nervous system . This gives us the ability to use our senses -- to see , taste , smell , hear and feel . "  Brain death " means both the upper and lower part of the brain are not functioning . That command center of the body that regulates the central nervous system is unable to perform . However , some function , such as a heartbeat , may linger . "  It 's a little difficult for a layperson to understand how a person is dead if the heart is still beating , " said Dr. Panayiotis Varelas , director of the neurosciences intensive care service at Detroit 's Henry Ford Hospital . But without brain function , the body eventually shuts down , unless there is medical intervention . Someone on a ventilator may appear to be breathing , but can not breathe on their own . While the heart usually stops within 72 hours , it could continue beating for "  a week or so , " Varelas said . Jahi 's mother , Nailah Winkfield , has said , "  I would probably need for my child 's heart to stop to show me that she was dead . Her heart is still beating , so there 's still life there . " The term "  brain dead " can be misleading , said Cynda Hylton Rushton , professor of clinical ethics at Johns Hopkins University , because it sounds like a person really is n't dead . If someone dies of a heart attack , doctors do n't say they 're "  cardiovascular dead , " for example . Doctors should be more transparent about the finality of brain death , said Arthur Caplan , director of the Division of Medical Ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center . Terms such as "  mechanical support " or "  artificial machine support " should be used to refer to sustaining the functioning of a brain dead person , he said . "  No one wants to take away ` life support . ' " "  Dead is dead , " agreed neurologist Dr. Richard Senelick in The Atlantic . "  Brain death is n't a different type of death , and patients who meet the criteria of brain death are legally dead . " The American Academy of Neurology updated its brain death guidelines for adults in 2010 , asking doctors to follow a step-by-step checklist of some 25 tests . All criteria in the guidelines must be met before a person can be considered brain dead ; however , the legal definition of brain death can vary from state to state . The American Academy of Pediatrics added to those guidelines for children . These childrens ' guidelines advise there should be two attending physicians involved in the care of the child , and they should make separate examinations separated by an observation period . Both must determine the child is brain dead . In making that ruling , the doctors use the currently established criteria ; there must not be a conflict of interest . "  No one who has met the criteria for brain death has ever survived , " Senelick said . "  No one . " CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	Doctors declared Jahi McMath , 13 , brain dead on December 12 Brain dead is different from a persistent vegetative state or coma "  No one who has met the criteria for brain death has ever survived , " expert says
St. Paul , Minnesota  CNN  -- For 1st Lt. Jeremiah Lynch the golden day of coming home from a lengthy deployment in Kuwait was everything he had dreamed it would be . "  The day I came home from deployment was just euphoric , " recalls Lynch , who is part of the Minnesota Army National Guard . "  It was fantastic . Somebody dropped me off at home , and the kids are all running out and hugs and kisses . " But as Lynch had been warned the honeymoon welcome home period would soon be over and hard work lay ahead . "  Yes , the first day back is just a fairy tale , of course . And then you have to start trying to put yourself back into the life of your family . " "  And of course they 've been working with you gone for a year , and they 've changed how they do things . I was advised to expect that and also to try not to come back and suddenly be in charge . I did n't listen to that advice . " Lynch , who has been with the Guard for seven years is married and has three young children , Janna , 9 , Galiana , 4 , and Frederick , 3 , who was born while Lynch was deployed . He knew of many of his friends also deployed were going through tougher times . Divorces were not uncommon , nor were separations . His wife Erin offers some advice : "  It 's not like if there was anything broken before deployment , it 's all of a sudden going to be fixed . " Mrs. Lynch knows what she is talking about . She 's in the armed forces and was herself deployed during 9/11 to Kosovo . She admits it 's hard to seamlessly re-introduce a spouse who has been gone for so long . "  Welcoming the old husband back , it 's a brand new feeling of ` Yeah you 're new , and I like you and you smell nice , " Lynch said . "  And then there is this ` No this is my routine , and my part of the dresser , and do n't take this over . ' It 's kind of mixed up . " Mixed up all right and entirely too common . Abigail Gewirtz knows all about the new normal for family life after deployment . In fact she and her team at the University of Minnesota are conducting a five-year program trying to help just those families affected . "  Deployment is tough , " Gewirtz said . "  It 's tough when one parent is away and the other parent is single parenting . But the most stressful time is when families have to kind of reconstitute and parents have to get back on the same page and that can be really tough . " The program is called ADAPT and stands for After Deploymnet : Adaptive Parenting Tools . It 's only offered in Minnesota to deployed parents with school age kids . The 14-week class offers skills and tools to help the transition back into family mode . The premise is that if the parents are stressed , parenting suffers and that trickles down to the kids . "  When you have been in combat , there are sights and sounds and smells and even tastes that remind you of terrible things , " Gewirtz said , "  and so everyone who comes back from an environment where you had to react not respond because you could be killed if you did n't react instantaneously , they 'll have to recalibrate their emotional responding . " ADAPT teaches parents to learn to take a pause before they start , for example , yelling at their kids if they drop their backpacks on the floor . Their approach is to take a breath , maybe even leave the room . Then when their initial fear over hearing loud noises has passed , go back to their kids and instruct them in just what want them to do . In this case , put backpacks where they belong . "  Going to the  ADAPT  classes I realized how many things we were doing wrong , " said Jeremiah Lynch . The couple completed the program some months ago and gives it credit for making his re-integration back into family life a lot easier . "  Frankly we were turning into the yelling , shouting parents that if a child is n't doing what they are supposed to be doing we just keep saying it over and over again louder to their faces until they comply . " Now Lynch explains he has a new approach . "  You ca n't yell from another room ` Clean your room ! ' because they 're not going to understand that . You have to get down to their level , maybe put a hand on them and look them in the eye and say , ` Hey you need to clean your room right now , please . ' " According to the Lynches , just a few of these simple tools and techniques have greatly lowered the level of stress felt in the household . Tools , techniques and most importantly communication seems to be at the forefront for making the transition easier on those that have been deployed as well as their families who have stayed behind . Gewirtz sums it up this way , "  When families do n't communicate , there is a sense of walking on eggshells especially with someone who has come back with lots of scars . There is a sense that if we talk about it , it will be worse because it 's so painful . But our treatment of PTSD indicates that exposure or talking about it is really the key to recovery , and I think that is no less true in a family context . " As for the Lynch family , they are doing just fine . With the help of the ADAPT tools , lots of communication and a good and ever ready sense of humor , they thrive . But on top of that Jeremiah Lynch has some good advice for those soon to be coming home : "  Listen to what you are being told about how hard it is , because it is that hard . And do n't expect it to be fantastic when you get back . Lower your expectations . " In fact he suggests : "  Lower them a lot and then you 'll be pleasantly surprised . "	For returning troops , getting back into the family dynamic is not easy 1st Lt. Jeremiah Lynch struggled transitioning after a deployment to Kuwait The ADAPT program teaches parents tools and techniques to make reintegration easier When parents bare emotional and physical scars , communicating more helps
FARGO , North Dakota  CNN  -- More than 1,000 volunteers rushed to fill sandbags early Wednesday as many in North Dakota tried to protect themselves from a historic floods that are expected to swamp the area . A Fargo resident surveys the sandbags outside his home , located about 15 feet from the Red River , on Tuesday . Even at 3:30 a.m. , hundreds of volunteers packed into individual sandbagging centers , an organizer said . "  There have been so many volunteers that we had to turn people away , " said Ryan McEwan , a supervisor at one volunteer coordinating center . "  It is very busy . They are filling sandbags as fast as they can . " Fargo city officials estimated that as many as 10,000 volunteers have come forward since Sunday to aid in a sandbagging effort that 's taken over North Dakota State University 's central arena , the Fargodome , and to help build levees along the now closely watched Red River . See map of affected area " That river posed the greatest risk of about eight rivers in the state that were at flood levels , emergency officials said . The fear is that the Red River could overtake all previous records . As of Wednesday morning , the Red River ran at about 33 feet -- 15 feet above flood stage . A record level of 41.1 feet was set in 1897 . The record level of the river set in the April 1897 flood could be surpassed Friday , Cecily Fong of the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services said Tuesday . More than 1,000 people were evacuated from an area near the city of Bismarck on Tuesday night as the Missouri River flooded , Rick Robinson of the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services said Wednesday . Recent rain and blizzard conditions have swollen the rivers . Gov. John Hoeven received word late Tuesday that North Dakota had received a presidential disaster declaration . "  We 've had a severe winter and are experiencing significant flooding across the state , so we are grateful to receive this federal assistance as we continue the flood fight and recovery effort , " Hoeven said . Under the declaration , the federal government will cover 75 percent of the costs . "  We 're concerned about the rise of the river and how fast it 's coming up , so our concern is that we 're going to hit 41 feet , " Fargo Deputy Mayor Tim Mahoney said Tuesday , adding that the way the levees are currently set up , they would protect against overflow only up to 38 feet . Officials are guessing the Red River , which runs through the eastern parts of North and South Dakota , and western Minnesota , could crest in Fargo -- North Dakota 's largest city , with about 99,200 residents -- anytime Friday or Saturday and that the water may linger at its crest height . The city has canceled all trials scheduled in Fargo Municipal Court through April 2 because of the expected flooding , to allow all police officers to be available for possible emergencies , according to the city 's Web site . As of late Tuesday , Fargo residents and out-of-town volunteers had filled more than 1 million sandbags out of the needed 2 million . Mahoney said he hoped that , with the 24-hour sandbagging effort at the Fargodome , that goal will be met by Thursday . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share photos , video Another factor threatening efforts is the possibility of freezing temperatures , because sandbags freeze together and then are n't individually stackable . Despite the stress , volunteers have been working around the clock . "  You got old people , young people -- all helping out , " Mahoney said . "  It 's heartwarming to see how many people are here . " CNN 's Robyn Sidersky contributed to this story .	City of Fargo prepares for what could be the worst flooding it 's ever had Up to 10,000 volunteers have come forward since Sunday to aid in sandbagging Swollen Red River running 14 feet above flood stage Tuesday night Residents have had much less time to prepare than major 1997 flood
Editor 's note : Michael C. Dorf is Robert S. Stevens Professor of Law at Cornell Law School and co-author  with Laurence Tribe  of "  On Reading the Constitution , " and the author of "  No Litmus Test : Law Versus Politics in the 21st Century . " A former law clerk for Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , he blogs at Dorf on Law . Michael Dorf says judges have a big leg up in dealing with complex Supreme Court issues . CNN  -- With the nomination of Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court , President Obama has hit the trifecta : As a summa cum laude graduate of Princeton and an editor of the Yale Law Journal , Judge Sotomayor clearly has the intellectual chops to handle the work of the high court . Born and raised in a Puerto Rican family in the South Bronx , Sotomayor 's personal story is an inspiring tale of personal achievement . And as someone originally appointed to the federal district court by the first President Bush , she will be perceived as , and in fact is , a moderate liberal who should easily win confirmation by a Democratic Senate . The nomination will nonetheless disappoint some critics who worry that every justice , including Sotomayor , if confirmed , will have come directly from the federal appellate bench . None of the current justices has ever held any major elective office . Yet former politicians have served with distinction on the Supreme Court . Sandra Day O'Connor was a state legislator . Hugo Black was a U.S. senator . Earl Warren and Charles Evans Hughes were governors . And William Howard Taft was president before becoming chief justice . It is not difficult to see why political experience would be very valuable for a Supreme Court justice . The issues with which the court deals frequently have political ramifications , and some legal tests incorporate elements of public opinion . For example , in determining whether some punishment is constitutionally barred as "  cruel and unusual , " the justices ask whether it comports with society 's "  evolving standards of decency . " Experience going before the people in an election would be useful in gauging public values . Accordingly , presidents in recent years have sometimes flirted with the idea of naming a politician to the Supreme Court . President Bill Clinton was prepared to nominate former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo . Harriet Miers was not an elected official , but her experience in politics appealed to President Bush , until her nomination was scuttled by questions about her qualifications and ideology . Obama was rumored to have considered Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm for Justice David Souter 's seat . In the end , however , every vacancy on the court since O'Connor 's appointment in 1981 has been filled by a sitting federal appellate judge . Why ? Part of the answer is that a federal appeals court judge has already been confirmed by the Senate once , and so is unlikely to have skeletons in the closet . But the deeper reason may be that so much of the work of the Supreme Court is extremely technical . Consider a case decided earlier this month involving allegations by taxpayers that their tax consultants had given them faulty advice , thereby subjecting them to penalties owed to the IRS . As the case reached the Supreme Court , the issue presented was this : "  Does Section 16  a   1  of the Federal Arbitration Act confer appellate jurisdiction over an appeal from a motion to stay proceedings under Section 3 of the FAA when appellants are non-signatories to the arbitration agreement ? " Serving as an elected official is unlikely to prepare someone even to understand , much less provide an informed answer to , that sort of question . Questions of the sort just described make up more than half of the work of the Supreme Court . To say that they are "  technical " is not to say that they do not involve real people or that they lack any political overtones . For example , just today , the court divided 5-4 along ideological lines over the seemingly technical question of whether a state law that barred state court jurisdiction over certain categories of cases could also be applied to bar a lawsuit arising under federal law . The ideological split no doubt resulted from the fact that the liberal justices , who gained a majority in the case , are more sympathetic to civil rights lawsuits than the conservative justices are . But without a thorough grounding in the minutiae of the law governing jurisdiction , a justice would not even know where to begin in such a case , regardless of his or her values . Thus , Obama 's statement that he would look for Supreme Court nominees with empathy for their fellow human beings must be understood in context . The president never said that empathy was a sufficient quality for a Supreme Court justice . Rather , the ability to understand the human consequences of decisions about seemingly technical legal questions enables a judge to achieve justice within the framework of the law , but only if he or she first has a thorough grasp of that framework . That prior step of technical expertise is itself essential . It is possible for a legally trained politician to get up to speed on the law 's technical dimensions and serve as a competent or even great Supreme Court justice . But if one is looking for a predictor , nothing beats distinguished service on a federal appeals court . When one adds to that Sotomayor 's compelling story and her work as a prosecutor , private practice lawyer and trial judge , it is easy to see why the president decided that his best choice for this appointment was to think "  inside the box . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael C. Dorf .	Michael Dorf : Sonia Sotomayor pick is strong on personal , professional grounds He says some had hoped Obama would pick someone not an appellate judge Dorf : The Supreme Court 's work has gotten so technical , it requires expertise
CNN  -- Tensions continue in Crimea , with soldiers in unmarked green uniforms positioned at military bases and major cities , and citizens fearfully awaiting a resolution to the conflict . Although Russian President Vladimir Putin says these soldiers do not belong to Russia , their military vehicles ' license plates -- and even some of the troops themselves -- suggest otherwise . At the port of Kerch , where about 100 soldiers were stationed , a commander openly told CNN that he and his men were from the Russian Black Sea Fleet , which has a base in Crimea 's port city of Sevastopol . Outside the Ukrainian Navy headquarters in Sevastopol , a woman and her young daughter were stopped from bringing soup and meatballs to her husband inside Wednesday . Angry Russian supporters descended on her , calling her a "  provocateur " and accusing her of being paid to make trouble . "  I 'm here to give them food , because they 're hungry , " she said of the people inside . "  No one is feeding them . They ca n't go in or out . " Since last week , members of a self-appointed civil defense force -- volunteers who support Russia -- have blocked the headquarters entrance , backed up by masked , armed men in green combat fatigues , presumed to be Russian soldiers . The men blocking the navy headquarters entrance turned away a Sevastopol Red Cross worker who tried to bring in supplies . "  There are no problems with food , " one of the men told him . "  Anyone who wants to eat can go home . " Across the street , wives and mothers have gathered to wave to the men holed up inside . Locals in Crimea are on edge . Opinion : Ukraine towns -- Apricot trees and vanished graves In Simferopol Wednesday , Maria Zaborovska , 24 , observed a small demonstration , consisting mostly of women , advocating against war coming to Crimea . The held signs with messages such as "  Putin , get your hands off Crimea . " Pro-Russian activists pushed the protesters from where they were standing and ripped their signs , Zaborovska said . Before the invasion , Ukrainian and Russian military units interacted closely in places like Sevastopol , said Zaborovska , who has been translating for international radio journalists this week , but the soldiers who have invaded military bases appeared to be keeping their distance . Ukrainian officials say 10 military installations that has been surrounded or taken over by Russian forces -- 16,000 troops in the past week . "  Either you surrender , or you 're at the gunpoint of your ex-friend , " Zaborovska said . At a Ukrainian air base in Belbek , near Sevastopol , Cmdr. Yuli Mamchur decided to face the green-clad troops peacefully on Tuesday . As the Ukrainians approached , the intruders fired warning shots , as shown in a video recorded by one of the Ukrainian soldiers . The Ukrainians moved forward . "  Stop , or I 'll be forced to shoot at your legs , " one of the intruding soldiers said in Russian . "  You 're standing here with machine guns , " Mamchur said . "  And we 're standing here without weapons . " This confrontation resolved itself peacefully . But it showcases how tense the conflict has become , and how quickly it could become violent . Dozens of military families live at Belbek and find themselves caught in the middle . "  We 're asking our government and the Russian government to get together as quickly as possible to sort this out , " said Valya Bondarenko , wife of a Ukrainian soldier . The same tensions are playing out at the Perevolnaye military base , with an unmarked army -- presumably Russian -- locked in a mysteriously cordial standoff with Ukrainian soldiers . Army wives there are anxious that war might come . They say Sergey Aksyonov , the newly installed pro-Russian leader of Crimea , has put their husbands in an impossible situation . "  If they do not take the oath to the new Crimean authorities , then there will be fighting , " one woman told CNN 's Diana Magnay . "  And if there is a drop of blood spilled on either side , then our husbands will be held responsible . " Anchor quits : I ca n't be part of network ` that whitewashes ' Putin 's actions Putin said Tuesday that local Ukrainians asked Russia for help , and that his military is n't planning to seize the Crimean peninsula . Any action would "  only be to protect local people , " he said . But Putin has denied that troops in Crimea belong to Russia ; instead , he described the armed men as "  local self-defense forces , " not Russian troops . Before the crisis broke out , a significant number of Russian troops already were stationed in Crimea under an agreement reached between Ukraine and Russia in the 1990s . It appears that in recent days they have been deployed to places such as Kerch -- a port on the strait connecting the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov -- and Belbek , but it is unclear how many other forces may have come directly from Russia . In Simerfopol , the capital of Crimea , the regional government building boasts a Russian flag flying next to the Crimea flag ; the Ukrainian flag has been taken down , CNN 's Anna Coren reported . Many people in Crimea say they want the Russian troops there to "  save them from the ` fascists , ' " Coren said , noting the epithet some have used to describe the pro-Western Ukrainian government that has taken over since the ousting of President Viktor Yanukovych . But not everyone shares this view . Alex Shiroki , 35 , from the coastal Crimean city of Yalta , says Russian supporters in his region tend to be over 30 , while younger people seem less supportive of Russia . For his part , Shiroki does not think the invasion is justified and can not understand why the Russian troops have come to Crimea . There are no "  fascists , " he says . "  Here , just local people -- that 's all we have , " he said . Zaborovska said the notion of fascists in Ukraine has been part of Russian "  propaganda . " Like Shiroki , she is against the invasion . "  The people who share the same view as mine , they are afraid for their well-being , " she said . As of Tuesday night , Shiroki had not seen any Russian soldiers in Yalta , or any other direct evidence of a Russian military presence , but the situation troubles him . People in Crimea have told CNN reporters on the ground that they ca n't sleep at night . Shiroki is also scared . "  I feel about the situation that it 's so unsure , I can not plan my life , " he said . "  I can not say what can happen to me tomorrow . " CNN 's Anna Coren , Laura Smith-Spark , Michael Holmes , Chelsea J. Carter and Victoria Eastwood contributed to this report	Confrontation at Belbek involved warning shots Army wives are anxious to avoid war In Simerfopol , Russian flag flies next to Crimean flag
Washington  CNN  -- As the nation 's top stimulus cop , Earl Devaney tracks whether the $ 787 billion in taxpayer money is being properly spent . He 's not judging what it 's spent on , but whether the money gets to where it should be by the proper procedures . And so far , things are generally going well , Devaney said in an exclusive interview to air tonight on CNN 's "  Campbell Brown " . It 's better than my worst nightmares , " said the 62-year-old former football lineman , who now is chairman of the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board , also known as the "  rat " board , for its unofficial acronym . Known for straight talk in his nearly four decades of government work , Devaney is the head of a panel of inspectors general that keeps watch over government spending procedures for the stimulus plan . Created almost a year ago , the Recovery Act has come under criticism for both the kinds of projects funded and some well-publicized errors in the reporting process , including recipients of government funds who provided incorrect congressional districts or nonexistent ZIP codes . To Devaney , a former Secret Service agent , such criticism misses the bigger issue , the unprecedented transparency in government spending under the stimulus program . All contracts are recorded on a Web site set up by his panel , making information on where the stimulus money is going available to the public within weeks , he said . "  This is a huge effort in transparency , " Devaney said , adding that people "  might not necessarily like " the projects being funded , but at least they can see where the money goes . Such transparency is bound to encounter some human error , he said . "  Transparency in this case meant we were going to put that data up regardless of the errors that were in that data , " Devaney said . He expressed surprise at the media focus on what he considered understandable mistakes . "  Every speech I gave , every comment I made , to any press person , I told them I expected to have data quality issues , and then when we had data quality issues , everybody acted surprised , " Devaney said . "  That surprised me a little bit , that people were shocked and awed by the fact that American citizens , when they filed the reports , made mistakes . It did n't surprise me at all . And that 's what transparency is all about . " Then there are the more significant problems . According to the panel 's Web site , it has received 1,006 complaints , which have prompted 106 investigations so far , with 25 cases moving toward possible prosecution . Devaney said investigations so far have generally involved the wrong people receiving government money , such as someone previously deemed ineligible to do business with the government who opened a business under a different name . "  I 'm pleased that I have n't seen as much fraud as I first might have imagined there to be , " Devaney said . "  I think quite frankly , if you 're going to go steal money , this would n't be the money you 'd want to steal , " he said . "  Too many eyes on it . " After 38 years in government work , Devaney had been looking forward to retiring and playing golf when he got a call last year from Vice President Joe Biden about heading the recovery panel , he said . Biden and President Obama asked him to lead it , and Devaney found it impossible to decline . At the same time , Devaney assured Biden that "  I would tell him not necessarily what he wanted to hear all the time , but what he needed to hear . And I would probably make him mad within the first six months . " Asked how that went , Devaney said , "  I do n't know if mad is the right word , but ... the vice president and I have had some interesting discussions . " Asked whether he thinks the stimulus program is working , Devaney said his response was based on the process , rather than politics . "  Would things be worse if the recovery money was n't there ? I think they would be , " he said . For Devaney , it all comes down to helping people see how their tax dollars are being spent . "  Transparency can be ugly . And like I said before , the American people might not like seeing some of their money being spent certain ways , " Devaney said . "  But they do have a right to see that . " CNN 's Kate Bolduan and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Top stimulus cop Earl Devaney tracks the $ 787 billion in taxpayer money Former football lineman and Secret Service agent known for straight talk He says Americans might not like seeing the way money is spent , but they have a right to see it Watch the full interview with Devaney on tonight 's "  Campbell Brown " CNN 8 p.m. ET
CNN  -- In a single column , a veteran police officer has catapulted himself into the national debate over the death of unarmed teen Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . "  I 'm a cop . If you do n't want to get hurt , do n't challenge me , " the Washington Post headline blares . The piece was written by Sunil Dutta , a 17-year veteran of the Los Angeles Police Department . "  Even though it might sound harsh and impolitic , here is the bottom line : if you do n't want to get shot , tased , pepper-sprayed , struck with a baton or thrown to the ground , just do what I tell you , " he wrote . Dutta cautions against arguing , insulting , or screaming at officers , "  and do n't even think of aggressively walking towards me . Most field stops are complete in minutes . How difficult is it to cooperate for that long ? " If you believe an officer is violating your rights or bullying you , Dutta says , do n't challenge him then -- save that for lodging a complaint later . "  Do what the officer tells you to and it will end safely for both of you . " It took no time for the anger over his message to explode . "  The outrageous thing is not that he says it . The outrageous thing is that we accept it , " writes Ken White of the blog Popehat , which tracks American legal issues . "  Do we have a justice system ? By name , yes . Is it effective in deterring cops from abusing citizens or punishing them when they do ? No ... If you hope the cop will be charged criminally for misbehavior , you 're going to be waiting a very long time for no result . " Dutta 's message is to "  shut up and take it , because even the slightest bit of intransigence is grounds for the cops to unleash a world of hurt , " writes Benjamin Freed of the Washingtonian . "  To say that putting up a verbal argument warrants bringing out the billy clubs , stun guns , or actual guns only stokes what 's been seen coming out of Ferguson in the past week -- images of peaceful demonstrators being met with a lines of officers rigged with military-grade equipment , marchers being fogged with canisters of tear gas , and people being slugged with rubber bullets after not moving quickly enough , " Freed complains . Authorities in Ferguson say force has been needed to stop the minority of "  agitators " who have fomented violence , through gunshots and Molotov cocktails . CNN.com users weighed in on social media . "  So , ` Do what I say or I will hurt/kill you ? ' How does that even remotely correspond with ` To Serve and Protect ? ' " Carter Gaddis wrote on Twitter , citing the police motto . But Rhonda Heim wrote on Facebook , "  I think an officer puts his life on the line on a daily basis . He wants to go home after his shift like everyone else . No one should challenge him . " Mike Knox , a business owner and father of four in Ferguson , told CNN "  people are just tired " of being pulled over when they did nothing wrong , so it 's common to give police attitude in the area . But he teaches his children not to . "  When you see police , respect the police , " he tells them . "  Say ` yes sir and ` no sir . ' It 'll get you a long way . " And since loitering can lead police to think you 're up to no good , he adds , "  keep it moving . " "  If you let your attitude take over , that can be you laying on that ground , " Knox adds . In Dutta 's column , published Tuesday , he writes , "  Cops are not murderers . No officer goes out in the field wishing to shoot anyone , armed or unarmed . " Still , he does not defend all police . "  I know it is scary for people to be stopped by cops . I also understand the anger and frustration if people believe they have been stopped unjustly or without a reason . I am aware that corrupt and bully cops exist . When it comes to police misconduct , I side with the ACLU : Having worked as an internal affairs investigator , I know that some officers engage in unprofessional and arrogant behavior ; sometimes they behave like criminals themselves . " Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests Dutta notes that people do n't have to submit to illegal stops or searches , and can refuse consent to search a car or home without a warrant . "  Always ask the officer whether you are under detention or are free to leave . Unless the officer has a legal basis to stop and search you , he or she must let you go . Finally , cops are legally prohibited from using excessive force : The moment a suspect submits and stops resisting , the officers must cease use of force . " But protesters throughout the country say submitting to an officer does n't always avoid police brutality . They point to the case of Eric Garner , killed by New York police in a chokehold in July . And in California , a 51-year-old woman was seen on video being repeatedly punched by a Highway Patrol officer . In a CNN.com column last week , Iris Baez of the Justice Committee in New York wrote that her son died nearly 20 years ago in an illegal police chokehold . "  These tragedies and injustices happen year after year , and people of color -- primarily black and Latino -- are usually the victims . " "  Police-community relations can only start to improve when individual officers who abuse civilians ' rights are held accountable with a zero-tolerance policy for police brutality , " she says . Dutta wants all police to use body cameras and video recorders in their vehicles , which "  will prevent a situation like Mike Brown 's shooting , about which conflicting and self-serving statements allow people to believe what they want . " The events that led up to the teen 's shooting remain unclear , with very different descriptions emerging . While Dutta comes off as "  reasonable , " he is demanding "  unresisting submission to police without argument or even legal protest , " J.D. Tuccille writes at Reason.com . "  Just how do you ` refuse consent to search your car or home ' without running afoul of the no-nos Dutta warns may get you ` shot , tased , pepper-sprayed , struck with a baton or thrown to the ground ? ' " Journalists who were arrested amid Ferguson protests have reported they did nothing wrong . Dutta , a professor of homeland security and criminal justice at Colorado Technical University , could not be reached immediately for comment Wednesday on the uproar over his column . In a tweet linking to his response , the Washingtonian 's Benjamin Freed wrote , "  I challenged Officer Sunil Dutta . Hopefully he wo n't come hurt me . " Magazine : The aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	NEW : Father in Ferguson : Respect police , or it could be "  you laying on that ground " "  If you do n't want to get shot , tased ... do what I tell you , " a veteran cop writes Sunil Dutta spent 17 years with the LAPD "  The outrageous thing is that we accept it , " a critic writes
CNN  -- There 's a whole lot of celebrating going on in Storrs , Connecticut . On Monday , the men 's basketball team defeated Kentucky for the NCAA title . On Tuesday , the women 's team won its ninth crown by beating Notre Dame 79-58 . Player of the year Breanna Stewart scored 21 points to lead UConn  40-0  while Stefanie Dolson tallied 17 points , 16 rebounds and seven assists . "  I do n't usually get this emotional , but this one got to me , " said Geno Auriemma , who has led the Huskies to all nine crowns . Kayla McBride had 21 points for the Fighting Irish , who lost for the first time this season  37-1  . It was the first time two undefeated teams met in the national title game . UConn moved one national title ahead of the University of Tennessee for the most women 's championships . Connecticut is the only school to have won both men 's and women 's titles in the same year , having also done so in 2004 .	Player of the year Breanna Stewart leads UConn to undefeated season Huskies win first-ever battle of undefeated teams facing off in title game UConn is only school to win men 's and women 's hoops title in same season
CNN  -- What if police gave out presents instead of traffic tickets . That would be a nice trick , or maybe an alternate reality . Actually , it was a stunt for UPtv . The family friendly cable channel pulled off the stunt in late November with the help of Lowell , Michigan , Police Department . Officer Scot VanSolkema stopped unsuspecting drivers for minor traffic violations and then chatted them up about what their family would like for Christmas . "  Got all your Christmas shopping done ? " he asked one woman as she pulled out her proof of insurance and registration . "  No , I have n't even started , " she answered before telling VanSolkema what her daughter and son were asking for . Listening in were Santa 's helpers with UPtv , who quickly dashed about a local store buying , wrapping and delivering the presents to the traffic stop within 15 minutes . Surprise ! "  Oh my God , can I hug you ? " So , on and on it went , 50 drivers in all , according to CNN affiliate WZZM . VanSolkema handed out some 30 presents worth about $ 7,000 . And no tickets . Lowell Police Chief Steve Bukala said you can learn a lot about somebody in just a few minutes . "  Most of the contact the police officers have with the general public is on a traffic stop and you can find a lot out about that person in that 10 to 15 minute window , whether they 're having a good day , a bad day , or a horrible day , " he said . "  And then we got this idea : what if we could change that person 's day in real time ? What if we could change that person 's day right now ? "	TV stunt with police department hands out presents , not tickets Police pulled over drivers and then asked them about Christmas shopping Santa 's helpers listened in and quickly delivered gifts They handed out about 30 presents worth $ 7,000
CNN  -- The debate over teacher evaluations that 's taken center stage in the Chicago schools strike could have major effects on the issue in the future , an education expert says . "  Chicago absolutely matters , " said Elena Silva , senior associate for public policy engagement at the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching . "  I think what happens here will substantially matter for what we see happen with teacher evaluations nationwide , " she said . In the last three years , 21 states have passed have legislation or implemented new regulations designed to highlight teacher accountability , according to a report by Bellwether Education Partners , a consulting firm . The changes came often by way of the kind of standardized testing that one Chicago Teachers Union board member referred to as "  data-driven madness . " My View : A parent 's take on the CPS teachers strike In many -- but not all -- cases , the reforms were hotly contested , with teachers unions saying the changes put jobs at risk without enough evidence they would work in the way both sides say reforms should work -- helping students learn , said Sara Mead , a Bellwether analyst who tracks teacher effectiveness policy nationwide . "  In a lot of places , this has been fairly controversial , but that has not been universal , " she said . For instance , in New York , teachers unions sued over a 2010 law implementing teacher effectiveness standards in return for funding under President Barack Obama 's Race to the Top initiative . But in Colorado , unions and state officials worked together on a law that calls for incentive pay based on performance , according to Mead . Similar issues have arisen elsewhere . In Boston , negotiations on a new contract stalled for a while , in part over differences in teacher evaluations . In 2009 , then-Washington schools Superintendent Michelle Rhee ignited a firestorm with a teacher evaluation model that put heavy emphasis on standardized test scores . At the time , the president of the Washington Teachers Union called the evaluation standard a "  flawed instrument with many loopholes . " Many of the state changes were part of what Mead 's Bellwether report referred to as an "  unprecedented wave of legislation , " much of which could be traced back to the $ 4.25 billion Race to the Top program . The 2009 initiative offers states money under a competitive grant program in return for adopting teacher effectiveness standards and a host of other reforms . It 's been an attractive proposition to reform advocates and to many cash-strapped state governors and legislatures -- do something to make teachers more accountable , among other things , and we 'll give you more money , Silva said . And unions have moved on the issue of accepting updated evaluation standards , dropping wholesale opposition for nuanced support . Voices of the strike Last year in Chicago , for instance , delegates to the National Education Association 's annual conference approved a new policy statement that calls for "  robust evaluations by highly qualified evaluators using multiple indicators , not a single narrow metric . " But those same unions have hotly contested such changes , arguing that making high-stakes decisions about teaching jobs should n't flow from the results of standardized test scores alone . "  Unions do n't want teachers being evaluated on student achievement because , the strongest argument or the most common one is , there are too many factors outside control of teachers , " Silva said . In Boston , where the teachers union has been fighting with city officials over evaluations , union officials wrote on their website that the Race to the Top money "  will dry up shortly , leaving bad policy in its wake . We can not afford to give up our fight to restore some common sense to what have been mislabeled reforms . " Key issues in the strike But the drumbeat for change is unlikely to abate , Silva said . "  There is a clear sign that teacher evaluation is changing and will change , " she said . "  Where it will go and what it will look like is still up for grabs . " Teachers : Why do you teach ?	After Race to the Top initiative , fights over teacher responsibility have become more common The initiative provides funding to states in exchange for reforms The Chicago schools strike could influence the outcome of the debate , expert says
CNN  -- Bears riding motorcycles , tigers jumping through flaming hoops and pigs leaping off diving boards . Just some of the "  entertainment " that can be seen at circuses , zoos and safari parks in China , according to a report by Animals Asia into animals cruelty . The Hong Kong-based animal rights campaign group visited 13 safari parks and zoos in China and according to David Neale , Animals Asia 's Animal Welfare Director , found that the animal shows "  portray the animal to the public in a humiliating way " and have no educational value . "  There is a misunderstanding really within China at the moment about what these animals are experiencing , " Neale told CNN . The report says that many of the performance animals that include tigers , lions , Asiatic black bears , elephants and monkeys are born and bred in captivity and brutalized throughout their lives . "  These animals have been suffering from birth , really . Once they 're born they go into this industry . And straight away the trainers are starting to brutalize them to make them to do these tricks ... . We saw some of the training of the younger animals ; they were continually hit to make sure they learnt these tricks so that when they 're out in the performance ring they perform them to the best standard . " "  Once the trick is finished they then go to the backstage area where they 're housed in the most shocking conditions . All kinds of animals are held in cages full of faeces , with very little access to water , very little access to food . " The abuse of performing animals is n't specific to China . "  Animal cruelty is happening in every country across the world , " said Neale . However Neale points out that in China there are currently no animal protection laws , a reason why Animals Asia have worked with Chinese academics to draft legislation not just for animals in captivity , but all animals . Despite the findings of their investigation , Neale is encouraged by a few signs of progress by the Chinese government to take animal protection seriously . According to a government report on July 29 the Chinese State Forestry Administration accused companies that have animal performance shows of having excessive focus on profits , leading to the mistreatment and death of the animals . "  We 're very pleased that the Chinese government has said that they want the zoos and safari parks to look at the conditions they keep their animals in to rectify these problems , " said Neale .	Report into Chinese zoos and safari parks found abuse of perforrming animals Animals Asia campaign group visited 13 parks across the country "  Animal cruelty is happening in every country of the world , " says David Neale
FORT HOOD , Texas  CNN  -- The bumper sticker reading "  Allah is Love " was torn off and the car was keyed . A police report was filed in the August 16 incident involving Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan 's Honda , and a neighbor was charged with criminal mischief . But what kind of impact that incident , and possibly others , had on Hasan remains a mystery . While few official details have been released about Hasan , his family and others have given some insight into the man accused of killing 13 people and wounded 38 others in Thursday 's massacre at Fort Hood Army Post in Texas . Relatives say Hasan , a U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , was a "  calm " individual who had been taunted after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Others describe him as a vocal opponent to the war on terror whose rhetoric concerned colleagues . The bumper sticker incident at Hasan 's apartment complex in Killeen , Texas , is the first known example of harassment that has surfaced since the shooting . Apartment manager John Thompson said Friday that he reported the situation to police after the girlfriend of then-resident John van de Walker told him that he did it . Thompson said he saw van de Walker apologize to Hasan and that a police report was filed . He added that the bumper sticker said "  Allah is Love " in Arabic , but that van de Walker knew that Hasan was Muslim before seeing it . Thompson said the last time he asked Hasan about the incident , Hasan said he was still waiting for reparations for damage to his 2006 Honda Civic . Efforts to reach van de Walker on Friday were unsuccessful . Hasan 's cousin , Mohammad Munif Abdallah Hasan , said the Army major had wanted to leave the military because he felt disrespected over his religion . "  There was racism towards him because he 's a Muslim , because he 's an Arab , because he prays , " the cousin said in a CNN interview in the Palestinian city of Ramallah . "  They used to see him dress in traditional Muslim clothing , so he was a bit irritated because of this . Also , the fact that they wanted to send him to Iraq . He decided to leave the Army for good and hire a lawyer because of this matter . " "  They would n't treat him as if he is one of them . He was a major in the Army and other majors would n't treat him equally as a major should be treated , " the cousin said . " ` Yes , you are a major in the U.S. Army , but you are still an Arab , a Muslim , you have your own traditions and values and we have ours . ' He was bothered by that a lot . He was n't respected as he should have been . " The cousin added that he wanted to leave the Army , especially after getting deployment orders . Army officials have indicated that Hasan was to deploy to Afghanistan to work with a unit already there as part of behavioral health support . It was n't clear when Hasan was scheduled to go overseas for what would have been his first deployment . Dr. Val Finnell , a former medical school classmate of Hasan 's , described him as "  a very outspoken opponent of the war " in the classroom and in public settings . "  He equated the war against terror with a war against Islam , " Finnell said . He added that he was shocked by Thursday 's shooting . "  However , that said , given the things that Maj. Hasan has said to me in the past and to other people , I am not surprised . " There are about 3,500 Muslims in the U.S. Army , less than 1 percent of the total number of soldiers . The investigation into the shootings is ongoing , and Army officials have not indicated any evidence of Hasan being harassed among the ranks . Hasan 's cousin said that despite the concerns over discrimination , a motive behind the shootings still was incomprehensible . "  If he had killed one or two , I could say that he was defending himself . I could say that there could have been a problem between two sides which led to the use of weapons . But for one to kill 13 people and injure more than 30 , I personally do n't think that it was because someone was bothering him . There is a bigger reason that this happened and no ones knows it besides Nidal . " Mohammad Hasan remembered his cousin 's trip to Jerusalem , 6 miles from Ramallah , 15 years ago to learn about his roots . "  He acted normal . " More recently , Nidal Hasan may have attended a lecture in January at George Washington University involving the Israeli ambassador to the United States and other officials discussing Israel 's offensive into Gaza last winter . Video from the lecture shows a person who appears to be Hasan dressed in military fatigues seated in the audience taking notes . In a statement Friday , Hasan 's family in the United States said , "  We are mortified with what has unfolded and there is no justification , whatsoever , for what happened . We are all asking why this happened -- and the answer is that we simply do not know . "  We can not explain , nor do we excuse what happened yesterday . Yesterday 's violence in no way reflects the feelings , beliefs , or principles of our family , " the statement continued , adding that the family is cooperating with authorities . Hasan 's neighbors on Friday said he cleaned out his apartment the morning of the shootings and gave copies of the Quran to several residents . His next-door neighbor , Patricia Villa , said he gave her his furniture and paid her $ 60 to clean his apartment hours before the shooting . "  He told me he was leaving for Iraq or somewhere , " Villa said . "  I did n't think much of it . " Another neighbor , Willie Bell , said Hasan had helped him set up his laptop and regularly tapped into Bell 's wireless service . Bell , a maintenance man at Fort Hood who did n't show up for work Thursday , said he was interviewed by the FBI for four hours that day and the laptop was seized . He said he received two calls from Hasan early Thursday , one at 2:37 a.m. asking Bell to turn on the wireless service and again at 5 a.m. to say he was moving . An owner of a 7-Eleven convenience store at Fort Hood said Hasan , whom he knew as "  Maj. Nidal , " came in for coffee and hash browns most mornings , including the morning of the shootings . Surveillance video from the store obtained by CNN shows a man who the store owner said is Hasan at the cashier 's counter about 6:20 a.m. Thursday -- about seven hours before the shooting -- carrying a beverage and dressed in traditional Arab garb . While the owner said he was too busy to chat with Hasan on Thursday , he said that through his brief talks with Hasan he learned the officer did n't speak Arabic well . He added that Hasan did n't wear a wedding ring and joked several times about whether the owner knew a bride for him . Hasan would also ask the owner whether he planned to attend Friday prayers , a mainstay of Islam , to which the owner would say that he was too busy . Hasan was known to attend Friday prayers in Bethesda , Maryland , before he arrived at Fort Hood this year , said Imam Yahya Hendi , the Muslim chaplain at the National Naval Medical Center . "  I met him a few times and I saw him at services ... he appeared to be a very loyal American , " Hendi told CNN 's "  Situation Room . " "  I know he told me once that he joined the military because he wanted to do something for America in the aftermath of September 11 . "  He also told me once that he believed that Muslims who speak a language of exclusivity should not have room in the Muslim community -- that we must reject them , " the chaplain continued . "  And that 's why for me , when I saw the footage yesterday about him , I said , ` Wait a minute -- is this the same guy I met a few years ago ? ' "	Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan taunted for being a Muslim , family says "  Allah is Love " bumper sticker torn off Hasan 's car , apartment manager says Cousin says Hasan did n't receive the respect due to officer of his rank
CNN  -- Fourteen out of 27 countries in the European Union had public debt exceeding 60 % of their gross domestic product at the end of 2010 , according to official statistics . The report by Eurostat , the statistical office of the European Union , showed that the ratio of government debt to GDP across all 27 member states increased from 74.4 % in 2009 to 80.0 % in 2010 . For the 17 euro zone countries , the debt is even higher , increasing from 79.3 % in 2009 to 85.1 % last year . Topping the European debt league is Greece with 142.8 % government debt to GDP ratio , followed by Italy  119.0 %  , Belgium  96.8 %  Ireland  96.2 %  , Portugal  93.0 %  , Germany  83.2 %  , France  81.7 %  Hungary  80.2 %  and the United Kingdom  80.0 %  . The lowest government debt to GDP ratios were recorded in Estonia  6.6 %  , Bulgaria  16.2 %  and Luxembourg  18.4 %  , according to the Eurostat report . Under the Stability and growth pact , agreed when the euro began in 1999 , member states are supposed to ensure their debt does not exceed 60 % of their GDP .	Fourteen out of 27 European Union countries in the European Union had public debt exceeding 60 % of their GDP Greece and Italy had debt exceeding 100 % of their GDP Government debt for all 27 member states increased from 74.4 % in 2009 to 80.0 % of GDP in 2010
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The highest-ranking Catholic church cleric charged and convicted in the landmark child sexual abuse trial will remain in jail for the time being , a Philadelphia judge ordered Tuesday . Monsignor William Lynn was found guilty Friday of one count of child endangerment , the first time a U.S. church leader has been convicted of such a charge . The trial marked the first time U.S. prosecutors have charged not just the priests who allegedly committed abuses but also church leaders for failing to stop them . Lynn is the highest-ranking cleric accused of imperiling children by helping cover up sexual abuse . He was found not guilty on a second count of endangerment and on a charge of conspiring to protect a priest accused of abuse . Lynn 's defense team argued during the trial that their client repeatedly told higher-ups about the alleged abuse and , under strict orders from the late Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua , had no authority to remove priests from the ministry . On Monday , Lynn 's defense attorneys filed a motion requesting that their client be released on house arrest pending his scheduled August 13 sentencing . He could face three-and-a-half to seven years in prison for his conviction on the third-degree felony . "  With every fiber in my body ,  fleeing  is a non-issue , " said Jeffrey Lindy , one of Lynn 's lawyers . Following Friday 's verdict , Lindy criticized the decision not to let his client remain free on bond prior to sentencing , calling it "  an unspeakable miscarriage of justice  for  a 61-year-old man with no prior record and long-established ties to the community . " Assistant District Attorney Patrick Blessington vehemently opposed house arrest . "  It 's absurd , " Blessington said . "  It would truly be an injustice to indulge these people after what they 've done . " The hearing to discuss the motion for house arrest took place before a packed courtroom Tuesday . Lynn arrived dressed in all black and without his clerical collar . He wore full clerical garb during the 50 days of the trial and 13 days of jury deliberations . In addition to his two lead counselors , several of Lynn 's family members filled the rows in the gallery . Also in attendance was Rita DeCarolis , the mother of Lynn 's deceased sister 's husband , who agreed to allow Lynn to stay in her home if he were granted house arrest , at which point one of Lynn 's sisters began to weep . DeCarolis , who lives alone , was briefly called to the witness stand to confirm her understanding of house arrest and to prove her residency to the judge . "  I 'm free , " she told the court , regarding her availability to house the monsignor . At the conclusion of Tuesday 's hearing , Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas Judge Teresa Sarmina delayed her decision on whether Lynn should be placed under house arrest rather than jailed until his sentencing . Sarmina allowed prosecutors a week to consult legal analysts and Rev. Thomas Doyle -- who was sworn in as an expert witness on Catholicism and its canon law during the trial -- to determine what , if any , steps are to be taken in the event Lynn fled to the Vatican , where there is no extradition . She also instructed the defense to consult with their client to ensure he was aware of the consequences , should he flee . "  Get the hell out of here , he 's not going to the Vatican , " another one of Lynn 's attorneys , Thomas Bergstrom , told reporters outside of the courthouse , adding that his client is incredibly strong considering the circumstances . "  That 's ridiculous . " Although Sarmina did not grant the defense motion for release on house arrest pending sentencing , she did initiate the procedure for receiving an electronic monitoring device . The average wait time for such a device is three to four weeks . If granted and Lynn were to violate the conditions of house arrest , the judge could sentence him immediately as well as impose the maximum sentence of seven years in prison . "  The risk of flight is going up because he now has something to lose , " Assistant District Attorney Mark Cipolletti told reporters outside the courthouse . "  This case is unprecedented and on a lot of fronts , it 's a case of first impressions . " Lynn surrendered his passport and his bail was increased to $ 100,000 pending the house arrest judgment . All parties are due back in court July 5 .	Monsignor William Lynn must remain in jail for now , a judge rules Lynn 's defense attorneys had filed a motion to release the 61-year-old on house arrest A judge has delayed the decision on house arrest , another hearing scheduled for July 5
CNN  -- William Clements , the first Republican governor of Texas since Reconstruction , died Sunday at the age of 94 . Two of his successors in Austin -- George W. Bush and Rick Perry -- were among those expressing sympathy at the Dallas native 's death , with the former president calling him "  a great man . " "  He was a political pioneer who served Texas and our country with distinction , " Bush said in a statement . "  Most of all , he was a friend who will be missed . " An oil-field roughneck before attending college , Clements first made his name and fortune as a co-founder of SEDCO , the world 's largest offshore drilling company , according to his biography on the Texas State Library 's website . He then served as a deputy U.S. secretary of defense under presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford . He scored a surprise victory in 1978 to become Texas governor . Still , his time was short-lived as voters ousted him four years later in favor of Mark White . Perry , the Lone Star State 's current governor , remembered Clements as a "  larger-than-life entrepreneur , public servant ... a mentor  and  the father of the modern-day Texas Republican party . " He ordered flags throughout the state lowered to half-staff in Clements ' honor . "  Gov. Clements is responsible for the growth , success and election of Texas Republicans in every corner of our state , " Perry said . "  Today , Texans and Americans have lost a leader whose leadership , service and patriotism were unparalleled . "	William Clements was an oil-field roughneck and entrepreneur He was elected Texas governor in 1978 , and ousted four years later George W. Bush remembers him as a "  great man " and "  political pioneer " Gov. Rick Perry calls Clements "  the father of the modern-day Republican Party "
CNN  -- Real Madrid have failed in ar bid to overturn UEFA 's ruling denying them the right to register both Klaas Jan Huntelaar and Lassana Diarra to play in the Champions League knockout stages . Real must decide whether to register Huntelaar , above , or Diarra for the Champions League KO stage . UEFA 's appeals body made the decision on Tuesday after Madrid challenged the original ruling made by European football 's governing body last week . Regulations specify that clubs can only register one player who has already played in Europe that season to represent them in the latter stages of the Champions League or UEFA Cup the same campaign . Both Diarra and Huntelaar had played in the UEFA Cup this season , for Premier League Portsmouth and Dutch club Ajax respectively , prior to joining Madrid earlier this month . Madrid claimed they had a "  different interpretation " of the rule , but both the Spanish club 's initial request and subsequent appeal have now been thrown out . A statement confirmed : "  UEFA 's Appeals Body today upheld the decision taken by the UEFA Control and Disciplinary Body on 8 January , in accordance with article 17.18 of the -LSB- UEFA Champions League -RSB- competition regulations . "  They rejected an appeal by Real Madrid CF in relation to the Spanish club 's request to be able to register two players who have already competed in UEFA competition this season , as part of their A-list squad for the knockout rounds of the UEFA Champions League . " Madrid must now decide whether to accept the finding or pursue the issue further at the Swiss-based Court of Arbitration for Sport .	Real Madrid fail in their bid to overturn UEFA ruling regarding player eligibility Real wanted to register newcomers Klaas Jan Huntelaar and Lassana Diarra UEFA say only one player per club can appear for two sides in same season
CNN  -- Sweden 's tourist board decided to try to drum up interest in the country recently by handing control of the national Twitter account to a different Swedish citizen every week . They got what they wanted . In fact , this week , they may have gotten more than they wanted . The current curator of @Sweden is a foul-mouthed mother of two who has tweeted photos of herself breastfeeding and of a dish she called strawberries with milk and urine . She 's also made a joke about Queen lead singer Freddie Mercury having AIDS , the disease that led to his death . Some followers of the account found her musing about why some people hate Jews particularly shocking . Sonja Abrahamsson 's series of tweets on the subject Tuesday began : "  Whats the fuzz with jews . You ca n't even see if a person is a jew , unless you see their penises , and even if you do , you ca n't be sure !? " She went on to point out that the Nazis made Jews wear stars so they could tell who was a Jew , mentioned that she grew up in a place with no Jews and concluded : "  Im sorry if some of you find the question offensive . Thats was not my purpose . I just do n't get why some people hates jews so much . "  I thought it was a good idea to ask the question when so many well educated people all over the world can answer . But no . Bad idea . " Abrahamsson also ruminates in extremely crude terms about what would result from crossing the movie "  Snow White " with the thriller "  Seven . " And she expresses a certain open-mindedness about fans of teen idol Justin Bieber : "  If someone likes Justin Bieber in Sweden , we dont care . We let them . We dont call him ` gay ' if we mean ` he sucks ' . We say ` he sucks . ' " Her tweets have prompted dozens of questions and some criticism . "  we 've been to Sweden . And your behaviour is extremely unbecoming . They should take your passport away , " one person tweeted at her . "  why not , i have never used it anyway , " Abrahamsson responded . The self-described "  Holy mother of two " took over the Twitter account Sunday and gets it for a week . "  This is exciting , " her Twitter bio says . Her personal biography on the @Sweden website says she 's "  a single and low educated mother , but at least I do n't do drugs and prostitution . " She comes from "  a little itsy bitsy village called Latikberg " where all the people "  are relatives and they all own tractors , " it says . @Sweden is a joint project of Visit Sweden and the Swedish Institute , which describes itself as "  a public agency that promotes interest and confidence in Sweden around the world . " They knew what they were getting into when they handed over the keys to the account , Visit Sweden marketing director Marie Ziv said . "  She is a controversial and provocative person for sure , " said Ziv , who said Abrahamsson tweets and blogs in Swedish in a similar vein . "  We have n't called her or told her to stop or back down . We want her to continue being herself , " she said . "  It 's our choice not to censor anyone because we want to keep it real . " "  We want to show the diverse and multifaceted country that we are , " Ziv said . @Sweden aims to "  create interest and arouse curiosity for Sweden and the wide range the country has to offer , " the project says online . It started on December 10 and has had 24 curators so far , Ziv said . The account had about 44,000 followers as of Wednesday afternoon and was adding about 1,000 new followers an hour . Abrahamsson did not immediately respond to a tweet from CNN .	NEW : "  We want her to continue being herself , " Sweden marketing director says Sonja Abrahamsson has used the country 's official Twitter account to make an AIDS joke She also speculated about why some people hate Jews , then decided it was a bad idea @Sweden gives a different citizen control of the account each week to drum up interest
CNN  -- Derreck Kayongo is a Ugandan war refugee who started the Global Soap Project to help vulnerable communities fight disease . Based in Atlanta , the nonprofit has collected 100 tons of used soap from hotels in the United States and reprocessed it for shipment to impoverished nations . What started in 2009 as a one-man operation in his basement has grown into an effort that includes 300 hotels and hundreds of volunteers all over the country . The group now operates out of a donated warehouse . Kayongo recently spoke with CNN about how far he and his Global Soap Project have come and what he envisions for the future . CNN : What did it mean to you to personally deliver your group 's first box of soap to orphans last summer ? Kayongo : I became a refugee in Kenya , so it was important for me to be at the first delivery in Kenya with that soap . It 's like going back home where you left so much plight and suffering , and going back and giving back . So many of us leave distressed areas and never look back . Having been blessed in the U.S. , I knew I needed to give back . The soap means a lot  to the kids  . It means somebody cares . This is a health issue , and we are trying to protect them from simple diseases that could kill them . It means health , and it also means hope . CNN : How does your process work ? Kayongo : When the soaps come into the factory , we separate them by hotel . We do n't mix the soaps up -- they have different smells , colors , chemistry . We inspect each bar , literally . We used to use a potato peeler to peel off anything of concern . Now we have a machine that 's been outfitted with a gadget that will literally peel everything off and give us the inner piece . The machine breaks the pieces down into a dust , and then we take that out and add water , which gives a feta cheese texture . Then we put it back into the machine , which heats it up to about 250 degrees and compacts it . It comes out as a long bar that we cut into small bars -- either 4 - or 6 - or 8-ounce bars . ... Then we box the bars . We do n't package them in plastic or small boxes -- we do n't want to continue pollution . But before we ship them off , we take a bar at random and ship it to a lab and they test for pathogens . Once it comes back negative , we know that batch is safe and good to go . CNN : How does the soap get to the people who need it ? Kayongo : We have partner organizations that work with us . They are already on the ground doing incredible work and know where the needs are for soap within the communities they serve . They serve very poor people . These organizations usually have containers of other aid going to the communities , and they pick up the soap from our warehouse and put it in their containers . It 's a wonderful symbiotic relationship and a good way of using resources all around . Then  the soap  gets home , and the mamas and the kids start screaming .  They  dance . The soaps have different smells , different colors , and they 're from beautiful hotels here . They 're high-end soaps . You can imagine getting that soap . It 's a remarkable gift . CNN : What are your future goals ? Kayongo : I look forward to a day where we will become a full-fledged operation , where we have the money to make this professional . I want to be a soap depot where people who are under distress who need soap ... whenever there is a crisis globally , they can come to us and we can give them the soap . I do n't want to ever see a child without soap . I do n't want to see a mother give birth where the attendant did n't wash her hands . I want to put a bar of soap in every child 's hand globally that can not afford it . That 's my goal . See the full story on CNN Hero Derreck Kayongo : Recycling hotel soap to save lives	Derreck Kayongo is donating soap to impoverished countries via his Global Soap Project The CNN Hero personally delivered the first box of free soap to Kenya last summer When he was young , Kayongo found refuge in Kenya after fleeing Uganda He says he has seen poor families dance in celebration after receiving soap
CNN  -- Many women in Saudi Arabia remain defiant after they put keys to ignitions Friday to drive home a point : challenging the conservative Islamic kingdom 's prohibition of female drivers . Among the dozens of women in the country who challenged the status was well-known female Saudi blogger Eman Al Nafjan . "  This is only the beginning , " Al Nafjan said . Sitting on the passenger side for her 15-minute ride through Riyadh , Al Nafjan captured the journey on her cell phone while a female friend drove . "  The whole idea behind the campaign was that June 17 is the start date . It 's not the only day . It 's the date when women will start to drive , " she said . Fueled by Women2Drive , a campaign demanding the right for women to drive and travel freely in Saudi Arabia , women commanded streets and roads normally reserved for men . There are no specific traffic laws that make it illegal for women to drive in Saudi Arabia . However , religious edicts are often interpreted as a prohibition of female drivers . Such edicts also prevent women from opening bank accounts , obtaining passports or even going to school without the presence of a male guardian . Authorities stopped Manal al Sharif , 32 , for driving a car May 21 and detained her the next day . She said she was forced to sign a form promising not to drive again and spent a week in jail . Al Sharif has not been charged , but the case remains open , and she may be called back , according to human rights activist Waleed Abu Alkhair . Her name has become a rallying cry for women demanding their rights . The "  Women2Drive 17th June " Facebook page includes a banner that reads "  We are all Manal Sharif " and a quote from King Abdullah stating that "  the day will come when women will be able to drive . " Al Sharif said before her detention that she was determined to speak out . "  We have a saying , " she said . "  The rain starts with a single drop . This is a symbolic thing . " The Women2Drive campaign was expected to be a test of wills between the government and half of the nation 's citizenry . However , campaign organizers were explicit in laying out conditions for participants . Women were told to adhere to full Islamic dress . Wave the Saudi flag and plaster a picture of the king to show patriotism . It was best to have an international driving license if you planned to drive . And have a man with you . The campaign said it would not be responsible for any women who breached a list of 14 such principles . They were asked to show defiance but within societal confines . A Riyadh man who went out to document what would be an unusual scene in Saudi Arabia said that the streets were typically empty for a Friday morning but that there were many fewer police officers than in March , when online organizers had called for mass demonstrations . "  I 'm thinking that the government is turning sideways , " Ahmad Alafaliq said . "  They do n't want to see it . They do n't want to deal with it . " "  It 's a disadvantage for us , " said Sulafa Kurdi , who lived in the United States once and got her driver 's license when she was 18 . "  It 's something that we want to do , and hopefully , it will happen , " she said after driving to a Riyadh restaurant with her friends and cousin . A Saudi woman said her mother drove her and her sisters down Riyadh 's main street Thursday . The woman , who asked not to be named because she was worried about harassment and possible reprisals , said no one bothered them . "  This is important for women here . This is one of our rights , " she said Nadya Khalife , a Human Rights Watch women 's rights researcher for the Middle East and North Africa , said the freedom of movement is a basic right . Saudi Arabia , she said , is the only country that bans women from driving . Strict segregation by sex means women in Saudi Arabia ca n't travel without a male relative or take public transportation . Ironically , many women are forced to hire expensive private drivers or taxis to get around , forcing them to be in the company of unfamiliar men , which , said activists , does not make sense from a religious standpoint . Khalife said that what separates the latest campaign from other efforts to get women to drive is the degree to which it has relied on social media . Women who got behind the wheel were encouraged to shoot videos of themselves . But Saudi women face challenges , Khalife said . "  They 're up against society as a whole , " she said . "  Some women may even face harassment or pressure from their families . Some women have clearly been in support , but others are saying they do n't want to ` shame . ' " Osamah Alluaidan , an opponent of female drivers , posted on Facebook , "  It is not a sin for women to drive but when women drive and disobey the Kingdom 's guardians , that 's the problem , this is unacceptable . " Khalife noted that some men have been supportive of their daughters , wives and sisters taking part in the driving campaign . Alkhair , speaking Thursday from London , said he encouraged his wife to drive in Jeddah on Friday . "  I think after what the police and the interior ministry did to Manal al Sharif , a lot of women became afraid , " he said . "  The Interior Ministry has put a lot of police on the street . They want to send a message to all women . " But on Friday , Saudi women defied tradition , no matter how bumpy the road . CNN 's Eve Bower and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	"  This is only the beginning , " Saudi blogger Eman Al Nafjan says An online movement encouraged Saudi women to drive Friday Religious edicts , not specific laws , bar women from a host of activities Women are emboldened to get behind the wheel
CNN  -- In what 's become an annual rite , thousands of diehard fans of Apple 's iconic smartphone endured long overnight lines outside Apple retail stores around the world to be among the first Friday to buy the new iPhone 5 . Kelson Horton , 39 , had been in line at Lenox Square mall in Atlanta since 5 p.m. Thursday . The truck driver from Jonesboro , Georgia , said he 's done so for every iteration of the smartphone that Apple CEO Steve Jobs introduced to the world in 2007 . "  I 've been doing it since Day One , " Horton said . "  It 's the experience more than anything . It just happens to be the hottest phone on the market . " Near the front of a line of about 200 people Friday morning , Horton said he got about an hour 's worth of sleep while meeting new friends from what he called "  the iPhone family . " At 8 a.m. local time across the U.S. , thousands who spent hours waiting in line were greeted with cheers as Apple stores and other retailers began selling the new phone . More than 800 people were already in line outside the flagship glass-cube Apple store on Fifth Avenue in New York City by the time the store opened Friday morning . Dozens of people there had been in line since Monday . Initial demand for the phone , at least in the U.S. , appears to be stronger than for previous models . One analyst estimated that based on counts at Apple Stores in New York , Boston and Minneapolis , the lines Friday were , on average , 83 % longer than those for the iPhone 4S last October . Those iPhone shoppers  or "  fanboys " and "  fangirls " as they 're called by less-supportive tech enthusiasts  in the U.S. were n't the first , though . Throngs of shoppers lined up outside Apple stores in Sydney , Australia ; Tokyo ; London ; Paris ; and Munich , Germany , among other cities where the phone went on sale . Hundreds of cold and tired but excited customers were lined up outside the Apple store on London 's Regent Street Friday morning . Many had been waiting outside the store all night without food or anything to sit on , but the general consensus seemed to be that the hassle had been worth it . "  I 've been waiting since midnight , so 12 hours now , " said Fahir Wardak , a 21-year-old student . "  I have n't really eaten but it was n't that cold and I 've got some tea now so it 's alright . " And why was his 12-hour wait necessary ? "  I 've already got the iPhone 4S and a MacBook Pro so it 's like having a collection really , " he added . "  You just want to keep going along with it . " "  I 'm actually from Canada and just missed my flight home to be here , " said another London customer , Mohammed Farooqi , a 19-year-old student . "  I 'm not sure how much it 's going to cost me to get a new flight but seeing as the previous iPhone was so great I definitely think it 's going to be worth it . " Others were less excited about the overnight wait for the sixth version of Apple 's iconic smartphone . "  I 've been here for around 11 hours but the queue kept moving so I could n't go to sleep , " said student Luna Zhang , 20 . "  I had to take time off work to come here and really wish now that I 'd just ordered it online . " Despite morning rainfall in Tokyo , hundreds of eager customers lined up outside an Apple store in the city 's Ginza shopping district . Store employees handed out umbrellas to waiting customers , some of whom came sporting face paint to celebrate the occasion . "  It 's almost like a festival , people just camping in the center of Ginza , just drinking and playing and talking to each other , " said Taiyo Nakashima , a 34-year-old Web designer . "  It 's not really just buying the phone ; it 's just enjoying the party , really . " In Sydney , customers camped out in tents and folding chairs . Cheers erupted when the store 's doors opened . Todd Foot told CNN affiliate Network Ten that he waited for more than 70 hours to get Australia 's first iPhone and review it online . Announced September 12 , the iPhone 5 features a bigger screen , lighter and slimmer frame , faster processor and , for the first time , 4G LTE wireless connections . If a handful of tech writers were unimpressed with the specs , that did n't translate into lack of consumer interest . Apple took 2 million pre-orders for the phone in the first 24 hours they were available last week , and some analysts said they think it could sell more than 10 million by Monday . That first-day total was double the number of iPhone 4S pre-orders the company took last year , and an initial Friday shipping date was quickly pushed back . People who pre-order the phone now , or did so in the past few days , could be waiting more than three weeks for their phones to ship . The phone will roll out to 22 more countries on September 28 . Gallery : The world 's hottest smartphones The most popular single smartphone since the existence of such a device , the iPhone has sold more than 244 million units around the world since its unveiling five years ago . According to research firm IDC , the iPhone and its iOS operating system make up 16.9 % of the worldwide smartphone market , coming in behind the cluster of phones running the Android operating system , which account for 68.1 % of the world 's smartphones . The iPhone 5 is 18 % thinner and 20 % lighter than the current version , the iPhone 4S . It has a 4-inch screen , measured diagonally , compared with a 3.5-inch screen on previous versions of the phone . It is the same width as the iPhone 4S but taller , and the iPhone 5 is made entirely of glass and aluminum . The new phone has had a few problems , as tech innovations sometimes tend to do . Users : Apple iOS 6 maps are a mess Most notably , an update to Apple 's mobile operating system has replaced Google Maps with an Apple-designed map service that many users say is less accurate or even omits locations altogether . Not surprisingly , those waiting in line Friday were n't deterred . "  I think a lot of people are wanting the world from a product they 've just released , " said Justin Henderson , 32 , a composer from Atlanta who had been in line since 3 a.m. "  You 've got to be patient with Apple , and they 'll get it right . CNN 's John Sutter in Atlanta , Yoko Wakatsuki and Alex Zolbert in Tokyo , Diego Lage in Hong Kong and Laura Mackenzie in London contributed to this report .	"  It 's almost like a festival , " one customer in Tokyo says Customers who camped out overnight in Sydney cheer as doors open iPhone 5 went on sale at 8 a.m. Friday in nine countries It 's the newest version of iPhone line that has sold 244 million units since 2007
The Porsche carrying "  Fast & Furious " star Paul Walker was speeding at more than 100 miles per hour when it crashed in November , killing the actor and a friend , according to the final coroner 's report on the deaths . The 15-page report released Friday by the Los Angeles County coroner 's office answered several questions that had been the subject of speculation about how Walker and racing team partner Roger Rodas died . The two men apparently did not live long after the high-performance 2005 Porsche Carrera GT , which was traveling at "  approximately 100 + mph , " slammed into a light post and tree and burst into flames , the report said . Walker , who shot to fame as star of the high-octane street racing franchise "  Fast & Furious , " was in the passenger seat of the car driven by Rodas . Walker , 40 , and Rodas , 38 , left a charity event at a car shop co-owned by the men to take a ride in an office park in the community of Valencia in Santa Clarita , about 30 miles north of Hollywood . The crash happened a few hundred yards away on a wide street . "  For unknown reasons , the driver lost control of the vehicle , and the vehicle partially spun around , and began to travel in a southeast direction , " the coroner 's report said . "  The vehicle then struck a sidewalk and the driver 's side of the vehicle struck a tree and then a light post . The force of those collisions caused the vehicle to spin 180 degrees , and it continued to travel in an easterly direction . The passenger side of the vehicle then struck a tree and the vehicle burst into flames . " 5 things to know about Roger Rodas Video obtained by CNN from a security camera posted on a building on the opposite side of the street from the crash suggests that the fire that engulfed the Porsche did not erupt until about a minute after the car crashed . In the video , which does not show the car , black smoke is seen rising from the crash scene 60 seconds after the light pole and a tree fall . Smoke is faintly visible above the scene after one minute , followed by a heavy plume of black smoke after two minutes . The autopsy revealed "  scant soot " in Walker 's trachea , suggesting his life ended before the smoke and fire engulfed the car . Director : Paul Walker was excited about new career direction The actor 's body was badly burned "  and in a pugilistic stance . His right wrist was fractured and his left arm was fractured , " the report said . Rodas was also described as in "  a pugilistic " -- or defensive -- position . Walker suffered fractures of his left jawbone , collarbone , pelvis , ribs and spine , the report said . Rodas "  rapidly died of severe blunt head , neck and chest trauma , " the report said . Stars who died during production Investigators from the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department met with engineers from Porsche to analyze the data-retrieval system in the car 's computer , the department said last month . That system is used to shed light on the car 's speed , throttle opening , air bag deployment , seat belt use and , possibly , other information from the time of the crash . The coroner 's report did not conclude whether the men were wearing seat belts . Walker 's death came during a Thanksgiving break in filming of "  Fast and Furious 7 , " forcing a halt in the production . Universal Studios announced last month that the movie will be completed using scenes already filmed by Walker , but the release will be delayed from this summer until April 10 , 2015 . Paul Walker 's scenes will be part of ` Fast and Furious 7 '	Two men did not live long after the Porsche crashed and caught fire , report says "  For unknown reasons , the driver lost control of the vehicle " Paul Walker was passenger
New York  CNN  -- Former pro basketball star Jayson Williams was sentenced to an additional year in prison Friday after he pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of driving while intoxicated , according to the Manhattan district attorney 's office . Williams had a blood-alcohol level of more than twice the legal limit when he crashed his Mercedes into a tree in lower Manhattan in January -- just a week before he pleaded guilty to aggravated assault for accidentally shooting and killing a limousine driver in New Jersey , the district attorney 's office told CNN . The year will be added on to the current five-year prison sentence the former NBA player is serving in state prison in New Jersey . He also was also slapped with a $ 16,433 fine to repair the tree he hit . Williams had been sentenced to five years in prison after fatally shooting his limo driver , Costas "  Gus " Christofi , in February 2002 at his New Jersey estate . Christofi had been hired to drive the former athlete and several of his friends to dinner after a sporting event in Pennsylvania . The group , including four members of the Harlem Globetrotters , later went back to Williams ' home . The prosecution argued that Williams was recklessly handling a 12-gauge shotgun when it discharged and that he and two others tried to make it look as if Christofi had shot himself . Williams , who retired from the NBA in 1999 because of a leg injury , played nine seasons with the Philadelphia 76ers and the New Jersey Nets .	Jayson Williams is sentenced for driving while intoxicated He already was sentenced to five years in fatal accidental shooting in 2002 Williams played nine seasons in the NBA before retiring in 1999
