Kenneth Bae 's sister told CNN on Saturday that her family is "  deeply concerned " after learning that the imprisoned American citizen has been moved from a North Korean hospital to a labor camp . "  It 's just devastating , " Terri Chung said . " ... We 're really discouraged and concerned . " Chung spoke to CNN 's Don Lemon with sports agent David Sugarman , who is pushing a new social media campaign -- using #BringBaeBack -- to raise attention about Bae , 45 , and increase pressure on officials in Pyongyang to release him . "  We need to get the world and the American people behind us , " said Sugarman , who represents retired NBA player Kenny Anderson . Anderson joined another retired player , Dennis Rodman , in his recent controversial visit to North Korea . Sugarman also made a personal appeal to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  Human to human , I 'm asking you to release Kenneth Bae . I 'm going to take it a step further : If the North Korea government actually needs somebody in North Korea , take David Sugarman , " Sugarman said . "  Allow me to go there . I 'm younger . I 'm healthier . "  You have released prisoners before , and I 'm asking you to release Kenneth Bae , " Sugarman continued . U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel , D-New York , said the public pressure could work on North Korea . "  People like David should be all over the country , " Rangel said . "  Churches and synagogues should be pleading to this government that this has nothing to do with communism and the United States of America . It 's a brother and a father and a son , and they should be responding to this effort . " Chung described her family 's quest to free Bae as "  all consuming . " "  This is our whole life , " Chung said . "  We will not rest easy until his feet touch U.S. soil . " Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , was arrested in November 2012 in Rason , along North Korea 's northeastern coast . The North Koreans say he was picked up for a crime against the state . A devout Christian and father of three , Bae operated a China-based company specializing in tours of North Korea , according to his family and freekennow.com , a website that friends set up to promote his release . The North Korean government accused Bae of planning to bring down the government through religious activities . Last month , he told reporters that he had committed a "  serious crime " in the secretive nation and that he had not experienced abusive treatment by the regime . On Friday , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki that Washington is "  deeply concerned " about Bae 's recent move to a North Korean labor camp . Choson Sinbo -- a pro-North Korean publication with offices in Tokyo and Pyongyang that has claimed to have interviewed Bae in the past -- indicated in a report on its website Saturday that it had talked to him again . According to the site , Bae said he 'd been at a labor camp for about three weeks , during which time he works and also has some time to watch television and read books . Choson Sinbo claims that Bae has been told to expect a visit from Robert King , the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , as early as this coming Monday . Psaki said late last month that the United States is "  prepared to send Ambassador King " to North Korea to discuss Bae . "  There is n't a plan right now for Ambassador King to travel there , " she said on January 29 .	Sports agent makes plea to North Korea , offering himself in place of Bae Rep. Rangel says public effort should focus on how Bae is father , son , brother Kenneth Bae was recently moved from a North Korean hospital to a labor camp His sister , Terri Chung , says she 's "  deeply concerned " about the move
CNN  We did it again , in another American city . We set Baltimore on fire this time . We brutalized black bodies . We turned a funeral into a riot . We let things get out of hand . We looted . We threw stones at policemen . We threw stones at citizens . We created camera-ready chaos , and we replayed the images . We created a culture of such deep distrust and disrespect that violence seemed the inevitable response . We let the violence flow . We let the violence stand for everything that 's wrong with the things we already did n't like . By now you may be asking , "  Who 's we ? " You may be saying with some irritation , "  Do n't lump me in with them . I did n't have anything to do with it . " To which the only real answer can be : Stop kidding yourself . The word "  we " is one of the great American words . We the People . Yes we can . We are family . I use "  we " a lot when I talk about our country 's achievements . I like to say we won the Second World War , we put a man on the moon , we invented the Internet , we gave the world jazz . Well , if I -- a son of immigrants whose family had nothing to do with any of those accomplishments -- if I get to claim those aspects of American history , then surely I have to claim the unsavory aspects too . "  We " cuts both ways . We enslaved Africans . We cut Reconstruction short and made a mockery of equal citizenship . We supported Jim Crow , then redlined , subordinated , and ghettoized African-Americans . We cut blacks out of the New Deal . We created a polity in which racial inequity and economic inequality magnify each other unrelentingly . We tried to put a lid on it with heavy policing and a War on Drugs . We failed . We are the authors of every page of Baltimore 's story . Do n't tell me it 's not your responsibility or mine . About how slavery and its legacy are artifacts of a time past . Someone else 's problem . No , we own them all . And we all have to face that before we can fix anything in Baltimore or beyond . But there 's another dimension of the story of "  we " that matters as well . It 's about progressives and conservatives and their competing stories of how we got here . Every time protests and violence break out in response to police brutality , the same depressing pattern breaks out . The event becomes simply a Rorschach test for left and right , and each side sees in the rioting confirmation of its prior views . For the left , it 's about the deep structural root causes of the alienation and violence . Liberals gravitate on social media to commentaries or reactions that reinforce this frame , like the surprisingly astute comments from the Baltimore Orioles executive who spelled out why a long history of racial injustice and economic disenfranchisement made rioting nearly inevitable . Conservatives gravitate to their own frames , about a lack of personal responsibility or role models among poor urban blacks , about the failures of Great Society and Democratic programs , and about how it all comes back to a president  who happens to be black  who has divided us by focusing so much on race . What gets lost in this Groundhog Day replay of left-right frames is a simple reality that we all have to recognize : Both longstanding structural racism and personal irresponsibility are on display this week . Both a history of police brutality and a present crisis of street violence . Both an inherited , multigenerational lack of opportunity and a dearth of leaders willing to address it . We can not separate out the aspects of the problem that do n't fit our preferred explanation -- not if we are sincere about solving the problem . And until more people can see this , we will not see progress . We ca n't judge looters for their antisocial behavior without judging a color-caste structure and a school-to-prison pipeline that has flushed them away like so much refuse . By the same token , we ca n't keep opining about root causes without also supporting the parents and pastors and neighbors who , in their own small ways , are organizing each other to break the cycle of brokenness . I 'm of the left . But it can not possibly be that only those with whom I disagree are responsible for what is happening in Baltimore . It can not possibly be that only my worldview contains all the solutions . Whatever our political perspective , we need to open our eyes to what is actually happening in Baltimore and other cities in the United States in the second decade of the 21st century . It is an abomination . We should all be able to say that . It 's time to push each other out of our ideological and identity comfort zones and build unlikely coalitions to create more opportunity . It 's time to act like we are all in charge . Because we are . And there is no other "  we " waiting in the wings .	In Baltimore , after the death of Freddie Gray , riots erupted , cars were set on fire and 200 arrests were made Eric Liu : Liberals and conservatives react predictably , see the riots as confirmation of their views It 's time to push each other out of our ideological and identity comfort zones and change the status quo , he says
CNN  -- U.S.-Russian ties may be at their frostiest since the height of the Cold War , but at least there 's some warmth to the relationship between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . As Vladimir Putin and Barack Obama struggle to maintain even a modicum of cordiality , sparring over everything from Ukraine and Syria to fugitive NSA leaker Edward Snowden , their top diplomats have developed a rapport that observers say could be key to resolving an array of differences on some of the world 's biggest geopolitical crises . At first glance , the two men would seem to have very little in common . Kerry , 70 , is a career politician who served nearly three decades in the U.S. Senate and is known for his sense of humor and propensity for going off-script during talks . Lavrov , 64 , is a career diplomat who has spent more than 40 years as a Russian envoy in posts around the world , and has been nicknamed "  Minister No " for his tough , by-the-book approach to negotiations . But both men are from the same generation , and observers say they have developed a mutual respect for one another over a series of face-to-face meetings since Kerry took the job in February last year . "  It seems both Kerry and Lavrov prefer the old school , they do it with grace , " says one Moscow-based analyst who declined to be named in this report . "  It looks like they 've developed a pretty good rapport , and this is a stark difference from when Lavrov 's partners were Condoleezza Rice and Hillary Clinton . " Lavrov and Rice , who was appointed Secretary of State by George W. Bush , locked horns numerous times during her tenure . One Washington Post reporter said Lavrov was known for pushing Rice 's buttons , writing that the Russian had "  perfected the art of irritating Rice " in meetings . Clinton and Lavrov were all smiles when the former first lady famously handed him a plastic red "  reset " button in 2009 . But the reset did n't last . After Clinton branded Russia 's decision in 2012 to block a U.N. resolution on Syria a "  travesty , " Lavrov said Western criticism of his Russia 's approach was "  on the verge of hysteria . " Lavrov and Kerry have managed to conjure up a dÃ © tente of sorts over the past year . Lavrov 's English is excellent , and both men speak French . Lavrov often joins Kerry to talk policy on his frequent garden strolls during face-to-face meetings , and last month the pair were photographed kicking a soccer ball around the grounds of the U.S. ambassador 's house in London . Both are reportedly avid sports fans -- Kerry played varsity soccer at Yale University , while Lavrov is a die-hard fan of Moscow club FC Spartak . And in January , Kerry surprised Lavrov with a gift of two giant Idaho potatoes during a meeting in Paris . Kerry said that his friend had mentioned the spuds during a conversation over Christmas . Not to be outdone , the Russian gave State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki a pink "  ushanka " hat to help her keep "  warm and fancy " during the winter storms in the U.S. . But it is their professionalism , not personal interests , that really makes the relationship work , according to Dmitri Trenin , director of the Carnegie Moscow Center . "  Presidents Putin and Obama do not get along very well , " Trenin says . "  There 's always a personal element about all those relationships , and normally it helps . -LSB- Kerry and Lavrov -RSB- may share an interest in some outside issues , but what really makes that relationship work is that the two men are really good professionals . " They 've also showed a willingness to keep picking up the phone , and managed to strike a deal on eliminating Syria 's chemical weapons stockpile last September . And the pair shared a lighter moment at the end of their joint press conference , when Kerry was unable to hear the end of Lavrov 's translated remarks . "  It was okay John , do n't worry , " Lavrov assured him , to laughs from reporters . A smiling Kerry replied , "  You want me to take your word for it ? It 's a little early for that . " Ukraine is arguably an even tougher diplomatic challenge , pitching the U.S. and Russia against each other first in Kiev , then Crimea and now in the country 's restive east , where pro-Russian protesters have seized government buildings in several cities in the past several weeks . Kerry has accused Russia of fomenting unrest to destabilize Ukraine 's new , West-leaning government . In return , Lavrov has accused the West of meddling in Ukrainian affairs . While Kerry sometimes appears to go beyond the White House 's script during crisis talks , Lavrov consistently offers a faithful translation of Putin 's foreign policy , according to observers -- one that the West can sometimes find difficult to interpret . " ` The president mainly speaks to the Russian people . His audience , his constituency is mainly the audience of the Russian federation . The foreign minister talks to his colleagues in other governments -LSB- and -RSB- couches his phrases in diplomatic speak , " says Carnegie 's Dmitri Trenin . "  I see no significant daylight between what Vladimir Putin has said and what Sergei Lavrov says . " Russia says it wants Ukraine to set up a federal system in which regions with ethnic Russian majorities would have more autonomy . The U.S. says it fears that unrest in the country 's east could be used by Russia as a pretext for military intervention . As the U.S. and Russia join the EU and Ukraine for four-way talks aimed at defusing the Ukrainian crisis , experts hope Kerry and Lavrov 's close working relationship will enable them to take the edge off what are expected to be contentious proceedings . "  The situation now is very , very tense and very dangerous , " says the Moscow-based analyst who declined to be named in this report . "  But the fact that Lavrov and Kerry talk so often is a very positive sign . They can agree and disagree on certain issues , but this personal relationship helps a little bit . " READ MORE : Militants , army face off in eastern Ukraine	John Kerry and Sergey Lavrov to join EU , Ukraine for crisis talks in Geneva Pro-Russian activists have seized government buildings in eastern Ukraine Experts hope rapport between Kerry and Lavrov can help pave way for diplomatic solution Russian , U.S. diplomats have developed mutual respect over numerous face-to-face talks
Mashable  -- Rovio Entertainment , known for its intense focus on one mega-successful game title , "  Angry Birds , " is looking to diversify with another new mobile game called "  Amazing Alex. " The title is a rebranding of "  Casey 's Contraptions , " which Rovio bought from developers Noel Llopis and Miguel A. Friginal earlier this month . Rovio CEO Mikael Hed told Finnish TV station Yle that the latest game "  has an educational element and centers on the main character Alex , a curious young boy who loves to build things . " The title is expected to be released within the next two months . "  Casey 's Contraptions " is another physics-based game along the lines of "  Angry Birds . " The game features Rube Goldberg-type contraptions that are made from items like balloons , soccer balls , scissors and buckets . Rovio announced the billionth download of "  Angry Birds " last week . The company , which released the game in 2009 , offers four different versions of the game -- "  Angry Birds Space " is the latest . In addition , Rovio is working on a movie , TV show and theme park based on the property . What do you think ? Can Rovio be known for something beyond "  Angry Birds " ? Sound off in the comments . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Rovio Entertainment has bought "  Casey 's Contraptions " and is rebranding it as "  Amazing Alex. " "  Casey 's Contraptions " is another physics-based game along the lines of "  Angry Birds " The game features Rube Goldberg-type contraptions that are made from items like balloons
CNN  -- FIFA presidential candidate Mohamed Bin Hammam wants the current head of world football Sepp Blatter to be included in the organization 's investigation into bribery . Bin Hammam , who is the sole challenger to Blatter in presidential elections scheduled for June 1 , is due to be quizzed by FIFA 's ethics committee this weekend along with Jack Warner , who runs the CONCACAF federation covering Central and North America . The pair have been accused of bribery by FIFA executive committee member Chuck Blazer in relation to a meeting the two held with the Caribbean Football Union  CFU  on May 10 and 11 this year . Bin Hammam , who is head of the Asian Football Confederation , denied any wrongdoing and has now demanded Blatter be included in the probe after claiming he was also named in evidence handed to the ethics committee . FIFA probes fresh bribery scandal A statement sent to CNN by the Qatari read : "  Mohamed Bin Hammam , member of the executive committee of FIFA , was surprised by yesterday 's accusations of bribery . He rejects these accusations and confirms that they are without substance . "  The accusations also contain statements according to which Mr. Blatter , the incumbent FIFA president , was informed of , but did not oppose , payments allegedly made to members of the Caribbean Football Union . "  Mr. Bin Hammam has therefore requested that the investigation by the Ethics Committee be extended to include Mr. Blatter himself . "  The timing of the accusations so close to the election of FIFA president on June 1 suggests that they are part of a plan to damage Mr. Bin Hammam and force him to withdraw as a candidate for the FIFA presidency . " Bin Hammam added : "  I am not at all afraid to answer any questions that the Ethics Committee may have for me at the hearing next Sunday . As long as the committee guarantees a fair process , I have nothing to fear . " Warner has also been named in allegations made by David Triesman , the former head of England 's 2018 World Cup bid , who claimed he was asked to provide money to the Trinidadian in exchange for his vote . Warner denies the allegations . Meanwhile , Blatter has insisted he "  takes no joy " in seeing his election rival being hauled before the ethics committee , and rejected the idea he had anything to do with the situation . Writing for the Inside World Football website he said : "  To make a point very clear , let me say this : I take no joy in having to observe yet another ethics committee hearing and investigation . And I take absolutely no joy in seeing my friends and colleagues of many years dragged before the ethics committee . "  I take no joy to see men who stood by my side for some two decades suffer through public humiliation without having been convicted of any wrongdoing : nobody is guilty until a judge has found him guilty beyond reasonable doubt . "  To now assume that the present ordeal of my opponent were to fill me with some sort of perverse satisfaction or that this entire matter was somehow masterminded by me is ludicrous and completely reprehensible . "	Mohamed Bin Hammam wants Sepp Blatter included in probe into bribery claims Bin Hammam has been accused of breaking FIFA rules and must face ethics board Qatari is accused of bribery along with fellow FIFA executive Jack Warner FIFA president Blatter insists he "  takes no joy " in Bin Hammam 's plight
CNN  -- Real Madrid crashed to a shock 2-1 defeat to city neighbors Getafe in the second round of the Spanish La Liga season Sunday . After being held 1-1 by Valencia in their opener , Jose Mourinho 's champions are left with a solitary point after two games , trailing arch rivals Barcelona by five points . Gonzalo Higuain put Real ahead after 26 minutes and they appeared set for a routine derby victory . But Juan Valera was unmarked as he headed Getafe level after 52 minutes from a free kick . Real 's star-studded attack led by Cristiano Ronaldo pressed for the winner , but it was the home side who grabbed their second with Abdelaziz Barrada scoring in the 74th minute after an assist by Adrian Colunga . Earlier , Lionel Messi came to Barcelona 's rescue with a late double as they beat Osasuna 2-1 to go top of the standings on goal difference from Rayo Vallecano after two games . New Barca coach Tito Vilanova had been sent off for complaining to the referee as they trailed to a 17th-minute goal from Joseba Llorente . The former European champions had wasted a string of chances until Messi struck in the 75th and 80th minutes . Osasuna 's Francisco Punal was shown red for his protests after Messi 's first goal , claiming he was offside . Barcelona and Real Madrid will resume their rivalry Wednesday as the Catalans take a 3-2 lead to the Santiago Bernabeu after first leg of the Spanish Super Cup . In Serie A , the start of the season has seen contrasting fortunes for the Milan clubs . AC Milan , runners-up last season , lost 1-0 in the San Siro to newly promoted Sampdoria with Andrea Costa scoring the winner in the second half . But Inter Milan showed their city rivals how it should be done with a 3-0 win at another promoted side , Pescara , to top the early standings with Napoli , who won 3-0 at Palermo . On Saturday , Juventus began their defense of the title with a 2-0 victory at home to Parma .	Real Madrid beaten 2-1 by Getafe in La Liga Goals from Juan Valera and Abdelaziz Barrada sink champions Barcelona top table after coming from behind to beat Osasuna Contrasting fortunes for Milan clubs in Serie A start
London  CNN  -- Lawyers for WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange have filed an appeal against his extradition to Sweden to face questioning on sex charges , a member of his defense team said Thursday . The appeal was submitted to London 's High Court on Tuesday , but lawyers do not expect the case to be heard for another two or three months , said Jennifer Robinson , who is part of Assange 's defense team . A judge at Belmarsh Magistrates ' Court ruled on February 24 that Assange should be extradited from the United Kingdom to Sweden to face allegations of sex crimes . He says the charges are an attempt to smear him . The case is not related to the work of Assange 's website , which facilitates the publication of secret information . It made headlines last year for leaking documents and videos related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables . At a news conference after the judge 's extradition ruling last month , he lashed out at the decision . He said to thrust someone into a foreign land where someone does not speak the language or understand the judicial system "  is a very grave matter . " Assange has not been charged with a crime , but Swedish prosecutors want to question him in connection with sexual misconduct allegations related to separate incidents in August . Assange denies the accusations . His attorneys are fighting his extradition on procedural and human-rights grounds . Judge Howard Riddell , however , dismissed almost all the arguments by the defense . He ruled that the allegations against Assange are extraditable offenses . He disagreed with Assange 's lawyers that Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny did not have the authority to issue a European arrest warrant and ruled that the warrant was valid . Riddell also tossed out claims that Assange would not be able to obtain a fair trial in Sweden or that Swedish prosecutors had not made any effort to promptly interview Assange before he left Sweden last year . "  In fact this is untrue , " the judge said in the ruling . He said Assange 's Swedish lawyer Bjorn Hurtig had made a "  deliberate attempt to mislead the court " and that it was Assange who had avoided interrogation before he left Sweden . "  It would be a reasonable assumption from the facts that Mr. Assange was deliberately avoiding interrogation before he left Sweden , " Riddell wrote . Assange 's lawyers have raised the possibility that Sweden would hand him over to the United States if Britain extradites him to Sweden . Prosecutor Clare Montgomery , representing Sweden , has dismissed that claim . CNN 's David Wilkinson and Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange is fighting extradition to Sweden over sex allegations The case is not related to his website , which leaks secret information He says the allegations are an attempt to smear him A judge last month rejected his lawyers ' arguments against extradition
A day after a spectacular meteor blast shook Russia 's Urals region , the cleanup operation got under way Saturday in the hard-hit Russian city of Chelyabinsk . Although some buildings were unscathed when sonic waves from the Friday morning explosion reverberated through the region , others lost some or most windows or had walls come tumbling down . More than 1,000 people were injured , including more than 200 children , according to news reports . Many of them were hit by flying glass . Most of those hurt were in the Chelyabinsk region ; the majority of injuries are not thought to be serious . However , one woman was flown to Moscow to be treated for a spinal injury resulting from the shock wave from the blast , state media reported . About 50 people were still hospitalized Saturday . Altogether , more than 4,000 buildings , mostly apartment blocks , were damaged and 200,000 square meters  77,220 square miles  of glass were broken , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency cited the Chelyabinsk regional emergencies ministry as saying Saturday . 5 things to know about meteors and asteroids Local officials have estimated the damage at more than 1 billion rubles  more than $ 33 million  , RIA Novosti said . Chelyabinsk Gov. Mikhail Yurevich promised compensation to all those affected , the official Itar-Tass news agency said . With temperatures dipping well below freezing at night , the need to fix windows left gaping by the blast is urgent . The city of Chelyabinsk was functioning normally Saturday as the repair work began . Workers swept up broken glass , boarded up holes and began fitting new panes of glass in some buildings . "  This is no exaggeration " Residents told CNN of their shock as they saw , heard and felt the awesome blast , and the chaos and confusion they witnessed in the moments afterward , when no one knew what had happened . Many were relieved nothing worse came to pass and believe the city had a lucky escape as fragments of the meteor came raining down . Denis Kuznetsov , a 23-year-old historian from Chelyabinsk , told CNN via e-mail that he had heard and felt the shock wave despite being far from the center of the city . At first there was a blinding flash lasting several seconds , which made him want to shut his eyes . The light shone "  like 10 suns , " he said . "  This is no exaggeration . " Kuznetsov said he experienced what felt like "  a push , " as a sound wave passed through his body . "  For some seconds I simply stood , " amid the sound of breaking glass , he said . After calming his parents , Kuznetsov tried to call friends , but all cellphone coverage was down . The Internet still worked , however , and he managed to reach a friend in the city center who told of emergency responders heading into the streets . At first , confusion was widespread , he said , with many people believing the boom had to do with a satellite or plane . But within an hour or so , news broadcasts declared it was a meteorite . "  There was no panic . All behaved quietly , " he said . Schools and many offices closed . Kuznetsov monitored the news , as the reported number of victims "  grew hour by hour , " he said . "  Thank God no one died . " Meteor tweets we wish we 'd thought of CNN iReporter Max Chuykov saw the meteor trail from the city of Yekaterinburg . He shared on Instagram that it was close to the ground . Ekaterina Shlygina posted to CNN iReport and wrote on Instagram : "  Upon Chelyabinsk a huge fireball has exploded . It was n't an aircraft . " "  Tiny asteroid " packs a big punch About 24,000 emergency response workers were mobilized across the Chelyabinsk region Saturday , Itar-Tass cited the governor 's office as saying . Hospitals , kindergartens and schools were among the buildings affected by the blast , said Vladimir Stepanov of the National Center for Emergency Situations at the Russian Interior Ministry . West of the city , authorities sealed off a section of a frozen lake where it was believed a sizable meteorite crashed through the ice . But a team of divers has found no trace of any meteorite in the lake , an emergencies ministry spokeswoman told state media on Saturday . Opinion : Do n't count ` doomsday asteroid ' out yet The meteor was a once-in-a-century event , NASA officials said , describing it as a "  tiny asteroid . " The space agency revised its estimate of the meteor 's size upward late Friday from 49 feet  15 meters  to 55 feet  17 meters  , and its estimated mass from 7,000 tons to 10,000 tons . The space agency also increased the estimated amount of energy released in the meteor 's explosion from about 300 to nearly 500 kilotons . By comparison , the nuclear bomb the United States dropped on Hiroshima in 1945 released an estimated 15 kilotons of energy . The whole event , from the meteor 's atmospheric entry to its disintegration in the air above central Russia , took 32.5 seconds , NASA said . Saving Earth from asteroids The national space agency , Roscosmos , said scientists believe one meteoroid entered the atmosphere , where it burned and disintegrated into fragments . Amateur video footage showed a bright white streak moving rapidly across the sky before exploding with an even brighter flash and a deafening bang . The explosion occurred about 9:20 a.m. local time , as many people were out and about . A once in a lifetime event Russians captured vivid images , many using dash cameras inside their vehicles . Dash cameras are popular in Russia for several reasons , including possible disputes over traffic accidents and the corrupt reputations of police in many areas . Drivers install the cameras for their own protection and to document incidents they could be caught in . Opinion : Meteor shows why it is crucial to keep an eye on the sky Five regions of Russia , one of them Chelyabinsk , are thought to have been affected , Itar-Tass said . RIA Novosti cited emergencies ministry officials as saying three regions and Kazakhstan were involved . NASA said on its website that the meteor was the largest reported since 1908 , when the famous Tunguska event took place in remote Siberia . In that incident , an asteroid entered the atmosphere and exploded , leveling about 80 million trees over an area of 820 square miles -- about two-thirds the size of Rhode Island -- but leaving no crater . "  We would expect an event of this magnitude to occur once every 100 years on average , " said Paul Chodas of NASA 's Near-Earth Object Program Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California . "  When you have a fireball of this size , we would expect a large number of meteorites to reach the surface , and in this case there were probably some large ones . " NASA estimates 4,700 ` potentially hazardous ' asteroids In what astronomers said was an unrelated coincidence , a larger asteroid , called 2012 DA14 , passed relatively close to Earth around 2:24 p.m. ET Friday . Stargazers in Australia , Asia and Eastern Europe could see the asteroid with the aid of a telescope or binoculars , but it never got closer than 17,100 miles to the planet 's surface . The Russian meteor was about one-third the size of the asteroid . The two bodies were on very different trajectories , scientists said .	State media : 50 still in hospital , one woman with a spinal injury flown to Moscow Witness says flash shone "  like 10 suns , " felt shock wave pass through his body More than 4,000 buildings , mostly apartment blocks , were damaged , reports say Divers find no trace of meteorite in a frozen lake near Chelyabinsk , state media report
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- In Turkey , you ca n't go far without coming across the name Sabanci . Sabanci Holding is the country 's largest financial and industrial conglomerate . Also present in 17 other countries and covering financial , energy , cement and retail sectors , the giant accounts for 12 % of Istanbul Stock Exchange , and employs 56,000 people . There is also a Sabanci University , a Sabanci Foundation and a Sakip Sabanci Museum in Istanbul . And at the head of it all is one woman , Guler Sabanci , who has been chairwoman and managing director of the empire since 2004 . Under Sabanci 's stewardship , the company has grown at an average of 12 % a year in the past decade , with plans to increase growth in the next 10 years . In 2011 , Sabanci was ranked number two in the Financial Times "  Top 50 Women In World Business , " and in 2012 was number 93 on Forbes ' "  World 's Most Powerful Women " list . Sabanci , 58 , is the third generation of her family -- and the first woman -- to run the company started by her grandfather Haci Omer as a textile business in Adana , southern Turkey , in the early 20th century . Guler Sabanci joined the family business -- following her five uncles -- after graduating from university in 1978 in the new tire manufacturing company . "  The tire company was something new it was just coming up , a new venture in the group , " said Sabanci . "  When I graduated I guess I wanted to have blue-ocean strategy . " She became the first female member of the Turkish Industrialists ' and Businessmen 's Association , an organization founded by her uncle . "  I was the first woman , they made a big ceremony for me becoming a member , " she said . CNN met Sabanci at the Sakip Sabanci Museum in Istanbul , once the family 's summer home , named after her late uncle who donated his unique collections of Ottoman calligraphy and Turkish paintings . "  He lived here with his family in the last 25 years before it became a museum and he has donated his two collections , " said Sabanci . "  I am very pleased to say he himself had the joy of seeing it turn into a museum . "  It was one of his  dreams  was ... to have a Picasso exhibition in this museum and I am pleased to say we were able to realize this dream . And it was a hit it was a great blockbuster , it was the first ever Picasso show in Turkey . " Other recent exhibitions have included Monet and Rembrandt . Also on Leading Women : 8 women on Twitter who will inspire , inform and amuse you Philanthropy is important to Sabanci , who has been president of Sabanci University since she set it up in 1996 . The Haci Omer Sabanci Foundation , of which she is president of the board of trustees , has made more than US$ 1.5 billion in charitable contributions since 1974 . "  Being a good person and fair person is very important in life , I think , " she said . "  And also life is meaningless if only you are only making money . " She extends that approach to women 's rights . "  Not every woman has what I have , so if I could do something to help them that should also be my duty , " she said . Sabanci insists there were no barriers for her as a woman within her family , but that she faced discrimination from both within and outside the company as she was rising through the ranks in the 1980s . "  We are very fortunate now today . This is the century of us -- this is the century of women , " she said . Sabanci says she regularly has lunch with randomly chosen female employees to ensure they feel they are being treated equally . In 2011 , Sabanci received the "  Clinton Global Citizen Award " founded by former U.S. President Bill Clinton , for her work towards ending child marriages in Turkey through the NGO Girls Not Brides . "  I believe that it is girls ' human rights to go to school to be educated , minimum until they are 18 , " she said . "  Afterwards you can call them adults , they can make their own decisions . But until they are 18 , it is everybody 's responsibility , their families , the authorities , us , everybody is responsible . " Also on Leading Women : 10 ways women can succeed at work in 2013 Sabanci has never married or had children of her own . She said she has too busy to think about settling down and has no regrets . "  Never , never , never . I do n't have time for regrets . I go forward , I 'm a doer and I always have projects and dreams . "	Guler Sabanci is in charge of Turkey 's largest financial and industrial conglomerate She is the third generation of her family to run the business , founded by her grandfather She also controls a university , museum and foundation bearing her family 's name
EW.com  -- Adam "  MCA " Yauch 's death leaves a Beastie-size hole in pop music . Though the trio were not the most prolific legends on the landscape  over the course of 25 years , they released only seven proper albums  , their impact has been gigantic . Starting with 1986 ′ s "  Licensed to Ill , " the Beastie Boys rewrote the rules for commercial hip-hop , the mainstreaming of hardcore punk , the state of sampling , and the treatment of the old school . "  Licensed to Ill , " one of the early full-lengths released by influential hip-hop label Def Jam Records , is often referred to as the first rap album to hit No. 1 on the Billboard albums chart . That title is a little unfair , as those sales were powered by the wildfire success of "  You Got ta  Fight for Your Right  To Party  " -- a track that many at the time considered more rock than rap . The remainder of "  Licensed to Ill " is pure mid - '80s hip-hop : grimy , tricky , and funny . The rhyme trading on "  Fight for Your Right " was child 's play compared to the exchanges on "  Hold It , Now Hit It , " "  She 's Crafty , " and "  Paul Revere . " Though it is hard to believe now , the Beastie Boys ' race rarely came up -- in part because hip-hop was a new genre , but also because they had the legitimate skills to counter criticism . It helped that they kept pushing the form forward on subsequent releases . Though 1989 ′ s "  Paul 's Boutique " was a commercial failure at the time , it is now held up as a brilliant piece of art way ahead of its time . Working with the Dust Brothers , the Boys constructed a pastiche that flowed so deftly that it became common for owners of the vinyl to play "  Spot the Sample . " For DJs and genre-bending artists like Beck , Paul 's Boutique was a keystone holding up a cathedral of sonic possibilities . Though hip-hop had always incorporated rock samples and toyed with live instrumentation  Afrika Bambaataa liked to toss Rolling Stones records into his break beats  , "  Licensed to Ill " also essentially invented rap-rock . "  Fight for Your Right " is the obvious example , but Slayer 's Kerry King  another signee of Def Jam co-founder Rick Rubin  also lent some shredding guitar to "  No Sleep Til Brooklyn . " "  Rhymin ' and Stealin ' " is built around samples from Black Sabbath , Led Zeppelin , and the Clash . Yauch 's first love was hardcore punk -- the early Beastie Boys were a speedy , noisy act who opened for Black Flag and Bad Brains . Those fixations ran through "  Licensed to Ill " through the group 's two peak albums , 1992 ′ s "  Check Your Head " and 1994 ′ s "  Ill Communication . " It was n't so much that they brought punk attitude to hip-hop  Public Enemy figured out that trick at the end of the '80s  , but it was about the fact that traditional rock music -- and later , jazz -- could coexist next to traditional rap . Over the course of their last three albums -- 1998 ′ s "  Hello Nasty , " 2004 ′ s "  To the 5 Boroughs , " and last year 's "  Hot Sauce Committee Part Two " -- the Beasties looked to be returning to everyone else 's old school , tapping into elements of classic hip-hop that had disappeared as the style became the preeminent movement on pop radio . "  Hello Nasty " sounds like a reaction to the Diddy-fication of rap in the late '90s , with its focus on breaking down hip-hop into core sonic elements and executing them with breathtaking precision . It 's most evident on the classic call to arms "  Three MCs and One DJ , " but it 's also plastered across tracks like the funky "  Super Disco Breakin ' , " the minimalist "  Instant Death , " and the neck-snapping single "  Intergalactic . " To the 5 Boroughs and Hot Sauce Committee Part Two both work to preserve hip-hop 's past rather than trying to innovate , but the trio 's curatorial minds are so sharp that they both act as a living tribute to the New York streets that birthed rap . They are reflective , thoughtful albums that leave room for fun . You can hear the Beastie Boys ' influence all over the place , from Rage Against the Machine 's sonic firebombs to OutKast 's playful genre-bending to the Odd Future crew 's open-minded mix of the serious and the absurd . Even if Adam Yauch had n't become an excellent video director , launched an influential film company , created the Milarepa Fund , and worked to assist victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks , he would still be regarded as a legend who deserves serious accolades not just for his musical and cultural impact but for the trails he blazed . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Adam Yauch , a member of the rap group Beastie Boys , died Friday Their album "  Licensed to Ill " essentially invented rap-rock You can hear the Beastie Boys ' influence all over the place in the music landscape
CNN  -- They 've sold millions of albums and DVDs and show no signs of slowing . Much more than an overnight sensation like "  Tickle Me Elmo , " "  The Wiggles , " have stayed a children 's favorite for 16 years . Sybil Lane , right , and her family met the Wiggles after Sam Moran stepped into his role yellow Wiggle . The Wiggles , an Australian band , impart lessons through their songs and performances that some mothers happily admit have helped shape their little ones ' views on life . Sybil Lane says that her 6-year-old son Brendan "  has a very positive outlook on life , and I think the Wiggles helped him develop that . " Lane explains that the band members are positive role models who do n't wear makeup or dress up . "  They are themselves , " she says , "  and children can relate to them . " Three of the four founding members of the Wiggles met one another at the Macquarie University Institute for Early Childhood Studies in Sydney . They take their influence on their listeners seriously . One of their campaigns is to teach children the benefits of healthy eating . That lesson has rubbed off on 4-year-old Jeffrey Thompson , who , according to his mom Krista , drinks only water after hearing the Wiggles song "  Gulp Gulp Drink Some Water . " "  He drinks milk at bedtime , but other than that , it 's only water . " Jeffrey is so enamored of the Wiggles that he has adopted an Australian accent which his mom says is "  cute as all heck in a 4-year-old . " Carolina Wiegers says that her 4-year-old son Andrew has picked up some Australian pronunciations , too . She also credits the Wiggles with helping him learn routines and retain lessons . Andrew exercises his memory learning Wiggles dance routines and memorizing songs . She appreciates the content that her son is absorbing , and likens the Wiggles to "  the teacher that wants to do all the cool stuff and has the money to do it . " She says that their DVDs and live shows have an instructive atmosphere and "  are n't really random at all . " Live shows are an important part of Wiggles culture ; Brendan Lane has been to 41 shows . Wiggles parents are "  kind of a community . We catch up with each other at shows , and talk almost daily on Wiggles message boards , " says Sharon Spray . Suzy Cato 's daughter , Catie , has Angelman syndrome , with symptoms such as impaired speech and development skills . Cato says that because of her daughter 's disabilities , Catie "  does n't really show a lot of preference for things . But when she sees the Wiggles she gets very excited . We 're going to go see more Wiggles shows . Its one thing my daughter loves so much , I just want to keep doing it for her . " Catie , who is 16 , has met the Wiggles several times because of the band 's practice of holding personal meet-and-greets with disabled or sick children . Jennifer Zink , whose 3-year-old son Max is autistic and also a huge Wiggles fan , has met the Wiggles three times . Zink explains that once The Wiggles meet a child they arrange future meet-and-greets so that they can keep up with children . Because of this personal contact , many children have developed a strong connection to Greg Page , the original yellow Wiggle . On November 29 , 2006 , Page announced that he was retiring because of health complications and would be passing his yellow "  skivvy , " or shirt , off to former Wiggles background dancer Sam Moran . For Andrew Weigers , the news of Page 's departure came as a bit of a shock . His mom Carolina says Sam was so upset about Greg 's departure that she almost felt bad for telling him about it . It 's understandable that children developed such an attachment to Page ; he was the voice of the Wiggles for so long . Jenifer Zink describes the first time she and her son Max saw Page perform live . "  My son and I both were absolutely mesmerized by his voice , his charisma , his style , and the way he interacted with the crowd . From that moment , I knew that he was something special ! " By many accounts , though , Page 's replacement Sam Moran seems to be holding up well as the Wiggles new lead man . "  Greg left him some hard shoes to fill , " Sybil Lane says , but he seems very natural in that job . " And quite a job it is . Some would say that Wiggles mania has reached fever pitch . Christine Kielbasa compared watching children react to seeing the Wiggles live to watching the crowd at a Beatles show . "  I must admit I was a little excited myself , " she confesses . Linda Nuzzo saw her first Wiggles show in 2001 , in the basement of a small Australian church in New York . "  You could almost touch them , " she says . "  And then to see them perform at Madison Square Garden , it was amazing . " And after all of their success ? "  They are still down-to - earth , nice people , " Nuzzo says . E-mail to a friend	Australian children 's band "  The Wiggles " are an international sensation Band earned $ 45 million in 2004 , beat AC/DC to be Australia 's top-earning band CNN.com readers respond with their tales of Wiggles encounters I-Report : Tell us about important stories happening near you
CNN  -- For a "  Wallflower , " Stephen Chbosky 's Charlie has quite a reputation . The character , a sensitive 15-year-old high school freshman who initially keeps to himself , was first introduced to a generation of readers in 1999 as the protagonist of Chbosky 's novel , "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower . " Since then , he 's become just as famous for being too risquÃ © for some classrooms as he is for endearing himself to a legion of fans . In a series of letters addressed to an anonymous reader , Charlie describes the disorientation of losing a friend to suicide , the ways high school can feel like an experiment in isolation , and , at the heart of the story , his bond with older students Sam and her stepbrother , Patrick . Now , 13 years after readers first met him , Charlie is in theaters this weekend in an adaptation written and directed by Chbosky . The movie features actors who 've appeared in versions of other young-adult books , such as Emma Watson  the "  Harry Potter " series  , Logan Lerman  "  Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief "  and Nina Dobrev  the CW 's "  The Vampire Diaries "  . But there are n't any spells or mythological beings in Chbosky 's tale -- there 's just Charlie , the shy , introspective loner who finds acceptance within Sam and Patrick 's circle of friends . The great thing about Chbosky 's story , actress Dobrev said at a recent screening , is that while it focuses on the turmoil of one high school freshman , it 's nonetheless relatable . "  It makes you realize that everyone 's kind of the same , " she said , noting that all have a coming-of-age story that 's seen love and pain , laughter and heartache . "  Even though you feel like you 're the only one going through it at the time , everyone has at one point or another , " she said . In the end , Dobrev concluded , "  Perks " shows that we 're all misfits in our own way . Charlie 's early '90s - era high school experience touches on drugs , alcohol , sex and abuse , and at the time of its publication , the book was one of many examinations of the darker side of the teen experience , said Vicky Smith , children 's and teen editor for Kirkus Reviews . What set it apart from the rest was its voice . In the late '90s , "  there was this wave , of what it felt like to a lot of people who worked with kids and books , of really depressing books , " Smith recalled . "  There was a continuum called the ` teen problem novel , ' the novel about teenage pregnancy , and the novel about cutting , and the novel about anorexia . "  Right around the end of the '90s , a lot of those books , they were by and large really well-written , but they were really bleak . And ` Perks of Being a Wallflower , ' while it 's not really a laugh riot , was still funny enough and different enough from those incredibly bleak ones to catch a lot of people 's attention . " It also did n't hurt that it was published by MTV -- back then home to "  Total Request Live , " Britney Spears and "  Daria " -- through Gallery Books ' Pocket imprint , which gave it an air of youthful understanding . "  ` Perks '  resonated because at the time , it was dealing with issues that were n't really in the mainstream , " said Louise Burke , executive vice president and publisher of Gallery Books . By today 's standards , "  Perks " might seem low-tech , but the novel has n't lost its relevance , appearing at No. 16 on NPR 's 100 best-ever teen fiction poll this summer and hitting No. 1 more recently on a New York Times ' best-seller list . "  The teens that I speak to really love that these issues are being dealt with but it 's not overdramatized , " Burke said . "  It 's interesting that a book published so long ago is even more relevant now . " Add in the strong reaction from schools and libraries -- "  Perks " is no stranger to the American Library Association 's list of frequently challenged books -- and the book was "  viral " before anyone even knew what that was , Smith said . "  It had that hand-to-hand , pass-along effect that books  that  kids would get from their teachers or librarians do n't have , " Smith said . "  My daughter is in high school , and she wanted to read it before the movie came out , and I do think it spent a little bit of time getting passed around the cabins at her summer camp . " That peer endorsement from a friend was also how Marah Eakin , now 31 , first picked it up in 1999 and became a fan . "  I had just started college , " recalled Eakin , music editor for culture site The A.V. Club . "  And I remember feeling like , ` These people understand me . ' " She was one of those kids "  who listened to college radio , " she joked , and while she might have wished to identify with love interest Sam or witty Patrick , it was the sensitive but openhearted Charlie with whom she connected . "  I think that 's a universal feeling . You could be the class president , but you still feel like people do n't entirely get you , " Eakin said . "  I do n't think that ever really changes , but it does go away a little bit . " Rereading it as an adult , she said she can see why it 's a book meant for a younger audience -- its earnestness and angst being out of step with grown-up sensibilities . But "  the fact that it 's stood the test of time for 13 years is important , because the YA marketplace turns so fast ; it turns on a dime with trends , " Eakin said . "  I think that this  book  still existing is a credit to Stephen Chbosky . " And that persistent fondness for "  Perks " is "  one of the things that makes a classic , " Smith said . "  As the first generation of ` Perks ' readers starts having kids and seeing them grow up on their own , it 'll be interesting to see how freely they share it . ... I think ` Perks ' has a good chance of experiencing that kind of generational longevity . "	"  The Perks of Being a Wallflower " stood out when it was published in 1999 The Stephen Chbosky novel is one that teens love to pass on to friends Its content of drugs , alcohol and sex has been controversial Editor : "  Perks " has the chance for "  generational longevity "
CNN  -- Traffic on Interstate 15 in Southern California was backed up for miles early Tuesday after a new overpass in the city of Hesperia caught fire , a fire official said . The major artery between Los Angeles and Las Vegas is expected to be closed for up to 48 hours while crews put out the fire and demolish the damaged structure , according to Eric Sherwin with the San Bernadino County Fire Department . The bridge caught fire Monday when sparks from blowtorches used to cut reinforcing bar ignited the wooden framework supporting the structure . Hesperia is about 60 miles northeast of Los Angeles . College tour in California ends in fiery wreck , leaves 10 dead	Interstate 15 is shut down between Los Angeles and Las Vegas A new overpass caught fire in Hesperia , California Blowtorches ignited the wooden structure under the bridge
London  CNN  -- A second case of the potentially deadly MERS virus has been identified in the Netherlands , a spokeswoman for the country 's National Public Health Institute told CNN . It comes one day after authorities confirmed the first case . The cases in the Netherlands involve two family members who had traveled together to Saudi Arabia . It is one man and one woman who contracted the disease , said Harald Wychgel , spokesman for the Netherlands ministry of health . The health ministry , citing privacy reasons , did not provide additional details except to say that the pair shared a room for two weeks in Saudi Arabia . Officials do not know if one person infected the other or if both became infected at the same location . One of the two , however , had visited a camel farm . It is estimated that nearly 75 % of dromedary -- or single-hump camels -- in Saudi Arabia have come into contact with the MERS virus , researchers said in February . "  It is also known that both patients have underlying conditions that make them probably more susceptible to infection with this virus , " the health ministry said in a statement . The announcement comes as the World Health Organization said the spread of the virus has become more urgent , but at least for now , is not calling it a global health emergency . The first cases of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome were diagnosed in the Arabian Peninsula in 2012 . MERS attacks the respiratory system , and symptoms can lead to pneumonia or kidney failure . There have been over 570 confirmed cases of MERS , including 171 deaths , according to the World Health Organization . Many of the cases are in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Even without any official worldwide alert , Anne Schuchat , the head of the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , acknowledges that "  this is a relatively new virus that does have a high fatality rate , " ample reason to pay attention . Authorities have n't pinned down all the details about how exactly it arose and how it spreads , though Schuchat said , "  We do n't have evidence right now that this is airborne ... the way the measles virus is . " Two cases have been confirmed in the United States . Both patients are health care providers who were working in Saudi Arabia . Those cases are in Indiana and Florida . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	A second MERS case is reported in the Netherlands The two cases involve family members who traveled together There have been 571 confirmed cases of MERS , including 171 deaths
LONDON , England  CNN  -- This week 's Champions League semi-finals are poised to offer a feast of the world 's best strikers . Didier Drogba : Is he good enough to be called the best striker in the world ? The game 's best finishers will face off against each other in the ties involving Manchester United , Arsenal , Chelsea and Barcelona . But of all the strikers who is best ? The storming return to form for Chelsea 's Didier Drogba has certainly pushed his case as the best in the game . The Ivory Coast forward , who had a forgettable first half of the 2008/2009 season , has relished the arrival of Guus Hiddink as temporary manager . He has since proved too good for some of the best sides in Europe . See our list of the top strikers in the world " Drogba 's Chelsea face Barcelona in their Champions League semi-final -- a match that pits him against Barcelona 's potent attacking triumvirate of Samuel Eto'o , Thierry Henry and Lionel Messi . Who do you think is the best striker in the world ? Tell what you think of our picks and who should be number one . Eto'o makes a compelling case for himself as the best in the business this season . Having scored 27 league goals to be La Liga 's top scorer , the Cameroon striker is in great form and pushing Barca towards the league title . And what about the glittering array of talent at the disposal of Manchester United and Arsenal ? Wayne Rooney will once again be crucial to United if they are to retain their European crown . The England striker has been a huge threat this season for both club and country , whether deployed as a striker or pushed out wide . Rooney is ably supported by none other than world player of the year Ronaldo , the club 's top scorer , even though he 's not really a striker . Arsenal may be out of the running for England 's domestic title , but Emmanuel Adebayor and the injured Robin van Persie have fired the Gunners into the last four in Europe 's premier club competition . Indeed Adebayor 's stunning equalizer against Villarreal in Spain is a contender for goal of the season . Outside of this week 's matches in Europe there are still some players who are worthy of consideration . Liverpool 's Fernando Torres is undoubtedly one of the best in the game , while it 's also tough to look past the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic -- who has helped Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan top Italy 's Serie A for much of the season .	CNN 's Football Fanzone picks 11 of the world 's best strikers Didier Drogba makes the list after an amazing return to form Who do you think is the best forward in the world ?
CNN  -- Pesach Sommer , 42 , is an eight-time marathon runner . He 's completed at least 10 half-marathons and lost count of the number of 5Ks and 10Ks he has run . His track record is n't bad , considering he only started running in 2007 . That was when he finally went to the doctor . He knew he was overweight at 250 pounds : 100 pounds overweight , to be exact . But what really got his attention was when the doctor told him he had type 2 diabetes . Type 2 diabetes is usually a byproduct of obesity ; extra fat on the body makes it hard for your system to produce enough insulin to keep blood sugar levels at a normal level . It is a reversible condition . "  It was my come-to-Jesus moment , " the rabbi said . At the time , he was a father of five and knew that he had to do something or his wife would end up a widow and a single parent . The fear first hit Sommer when he marked the anniversary of his father 's death . That year of mourning was stressful , driving him to become an emotional eater who packed an additional 30 pounds onto his already heavy frame . His father had been a chronically stressed smoker with type 2 diabetes , and Sommer knew he was following in his father 's footsteps . Yet he was in denial about it until that doctor 's appointment . The doctor told him that he had to lose weight and that he would have to prick himself every day to check his blood sugar . Squeamish about blood , he knew "  that was not going to happen . " So in June 2007 , he bought a stationary bike and started pedaling while watching episodes of the TV show "  24 . " He started riding it for an hour a day . If each episode 's cliffhanger was good enough to hook him to the next episode , he 'd keep going for as long as he was watching . He also changed what he was eating . "  Little by little , I started to cut out everything bad for me , " recalled Sommer , of Passaic , New Jersey . He stopped eating desserts and started eating fruits and vegetables . Then he cut out processed sugar . He had dieted before but never successfully . This time was different : He was seeing results , so he stuck to it . He was still eating three meals a day but choosing his love of life over his love of food . Sommer spent the summer of 2007 working in a camp . He walked everywhere , which allowed him to shed a noticeable amount of weight . "  As the pounds melted away and Pesach added a new hole to his belt to make it tighter , it was a celebration , " his wife Rochie says . One morning , he told Rochie he wanted to run a marathon . The very next day , he was approached by someone offering a training program for a race that was four months away . Certain it was meant to be , he registered to run the half-marathon . Looking back , he concedes he might have been a little delusional to think he could run a half-marathon simply because he had been riding a stationary bike and had lost a little weight . "  When I started to run , I just had to run for one minute , and I was out of breath . I wondered , what did I just get myself into ? " But he forged ahead and noticed the weight was coming off faster , at a rate of about 2Â 1/2 pounds per week . He signed up for a 5K race before the half-marathon and finished . What 's more , he realized he liked running , not only because it helped him lose weight but because it was a stress reliever . "  I love the freedom to be out there and think about what 's going on , what 's important for me . " By the time he ran that half-marathon , Sommer had lost about 75 pounds . He was sleeping better , had more energy to play with his children and was more productive at work . Almost immediately , he signed up for another one . Then he signed up for a full marathon . He ran the 26.2-mile race in January 2008 . By May 2008 , he had reached his goal weight of 150 pounds . Now , marathons are his love . Running has also become a family affair ; five of his eight children have run with him at various races . "  The message of good eating and good healthy living makes an impact on the entire family , " Rochie says . "  When Pesach qualified for Boston ... I booked a hotel for all of us six months in advance to make sure we would be there to cheer him on . " Sommer says he used to joke that he traded an eating addiction for a running addiction , but there is some truth to it . Running used to define him . Nothing stopped him from pounding the pavement , be it a storm outside or a storm of a different sort brewing at home . Now , when he 's training for a race , he runs 20 to 40 miles a week and says that 's the right balance for his health and his family . When he 's not training , he cuts back on his mileage . When it comes to food , his key is planning . He decides what he is going to eat before he comes to the table and walks away after he has it , whether he feels full or not . He asks himself why he is eating , to figure out whether he is really hungry or just eating for enjoyment . The strategy has worked : He 's lost 100 pounds since that doctor 's appointment in 2007 and kept it off . He 's wearing clothes he says he never could have imagined he 'd fit into ; his waist is the size it was when he was in seventh grade . Although the physical results are nice , Sommer says there is also a psychological and emotional lift , too . He feels much more in control of his life . People often ask him for a magic way to melt away the pounds . He advises them to exercise three to four times a week and change their eating habits . Anyone can do it , he says . "  You have to be honest with yourself . If you love eating and that 's more important than losing weight , then eat . "	Pesach Sommer lost 100 pounds after a doctor told him he had type 2 diabetes Sommer started by riding a stationary bicycle while watching TV He ran his first full marathon in January 2008 Sommer used to weigh 250 pounds ; he now weighs 150
President Barack Obama told a United Nations meeting on Tuesday that pollution must be contained to address climate change . Specifically , he called out China , saying that the most populous country on Earth , with the fastest increase in carbon pollution , must join the United States to lead the rest of the world in carbon reduction . "  We have a responsibility to lead , " Obama said to applause . "  That 's what big nations have to do . " Obama was speaking at the U.N. Climate Summit , a one-day meeting hosted by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and open to leaders of all 193 U.N. member states . Wednesday begins the U.N. General Assembly meeting , which has marked climate change as one of its top issues as well . The event offers Obama a chance to shift the conversation away from the threat posed by ISIS , Ebola , and other national security matters and focus on an issue where he can tout accomplishments . Hours after ordering strikes on Syria , Obama said that the "  urgent and growing threat of climate change " would ultimately "  define the contours of this century more dramatically than any other " issue . Obtaining broad agreement to combat global climate change does not come easy , an issue the President addressed . For instance , China has been reluctant to stem the influx of energy production , as it 's in more demand . And in the United States , the issue is controversial , with some claiming to believe that humans do n't cause climate change . "  In each of our countries , there are interests that will be resistant to action . In each country there is a suspicion that if we act and other countries do n't -- that we will be at an economic disadvantage . But we have to lead , " Obama said . Obama painted a tragic picture caused by a changing climate in the U.S. , detailing floods in Miami , wildfires in the West , hurricanes in the north and drought followed by excessive rain in the middle of the country . Obama noted that some countries are more impacted than others by climate change , but said , "  No nation is immune . " Actions announced The President unveiled a series of actions to urge the international community to cut emissions . He also announced measures to help developing countries better prepare for climate change . While efforts are still under way to meet and exceed goals set for 2015 , the President outlined a partnership plan to meet additional carbon reduction goals by 2020 . "  We can not condemn our children and their children to a future that is beyond their capacity to repair -- not when we have the means , the technological innovation and the scientific imagination to begin the work of repairing it right now , " he said . "  I believe in the words of Dr. King that there is such a thing as being too late . " Actions taken so far In June 2013 , Obama announced a plan to cut carbon pollution , including directing the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to establish new emission standards for active coal plants in the United States , and working with other countries including China and India -- two of the world 's top emitters of greenhouse gases -- to establish new plans for addressing pollution globally . The plan included many executive actions -- things that do n't need approval from Congress , such as new standards for coal plants -- that were controversial . A year later , in June , 2014 , the EPA proposed a new plan designed to cut carbon emissions by 30 % by the year 2030 . That plan has become a popular subject in several Senate races this year , including West Virginia and Kentucky . Still to be done For the environmental community , the next big frontier to tackle is methane emissions -- different from carbon emissions but , environmentalists say , just as important in the fight against climate change . "  For us the big next steps include making a decision to address methane pollution from the oil and gas sector , " said John Coequyt , director of the international climate campaign at the Sierra Club , one of the country 's oldest environmental organizations . "  That 's one of the biggest unresolved pieces . " Polling A demonstration in New York on Sunday featuring appearances from U.N. leader Ban and actor Leonardo DiCaprio , among others , turned out tens of thousands of supporters , but polling indicates that many Americans do not list addressing climate change as an issue they believe should be a top priority for the President and Congress . A Pew research poll conducted earlier this year found that 29 % of respondents listed "  dealing with global warming " as a top policy priority -- and that number has remained virtually unchanged since Obama took office in 2009 . And a Gallup poll conducted in March 2014 , found that a little under a fourth of Americans -- 24 % -- list climate change as a national problem that they worry about "  a great deal . " However , when it comes to addressing climate change , polling indicates most Americans back action . A Gallup poll from June found that 65 % of those surveyed support the government tightening pollution regulations on businesses .	President Obama gives address on climate change at United Nations on Tuesday U.N. secretary-general is hosting world leaders at a one-day climate change summit The Obama administration unveiled a climate change action plan in 2013
CNN  -- It 's the time of year for dashing through the snow to the crowded post office , with arms full of holiday gifts for family and friends . Not to break the atmosphere of holiday cheer , but this Christmas could be the last for the U.S. Postal Service . It is losing $ 25 million dollars a day and staring down insolvency -- unless Congress steps in to pass a reform package that reduces its costs . With just a few days left in the congressional calendar , there is still some small hope for a Christmas miracle -- maybe the Postal Service can be saved as part of a deal on the fiscal cliff . But with even Hurricane Sandy relief stalled , skepticism is growing . The real question is , what 's taken them so long ? After all , back in April the Senate passed an imperfect but bipartisan bill by 62-37 . It would have saved some $ 20 billion , cut some 100 distribution centers , and reduced head count by an additional 100,000 through incentives for early retirement , while reducing red tape to encourage entrepreneurialism and keeping Saturday delivery in place for at least another two years . At the time , Sen. Tom Carper of Delaware said , "  The situation is not hopeless ; the situation is dire . My hope is that our friends over in the U.S. House , given the bipartisan steps we took this week , will feel a sense of urgency . " To which the House might as well have replied , "  Not so much . " In August , the Postal Service defaulted for the first time , unable to make a $ 5.5 billion payment to fund future retirees ' health benefits . The headline in Government Executive magazine said it all : "  Postal Service defaults , Congress does nothing . " The usual suspects were at fault -- hyperpartisan politics and the ideological arrogance that always makes the perfect the enemy of the good . House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa greeted the news of the Senate bill by calling it a "  taxpayer-funded bailout . " His primary complaint was that the Senate bill did not go far enough . He was not alone -- Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe also expressed disappointment at the scope of the Senate bill , saying that it fell "  far short of the Postal Service 's plan . " But Issa 's alternative could n't even get to a vote in the Republican-controlled House . And so nothing happened . Even after the USPS defaulted on a second $ 5.5 billion payment , the response was crickets . Washington insiders said that action would be taken after the election , when lawmakers would be free to make potentially unpopular decisions . But despite a series of closed-door meetings , nothing has been done . It 's possible that the nearly $ 20 billion in savings could be part of a fiscal cliff deal . Sen. Joseph Lieberman has suggested that ending Saturday delivery , except for packages , could be part of a compromise that could save big bucks down the road . Another aspect of a savings plan could be suspending the USPS ' onerous obligation to fully fund its pension costs upfront , a requirement that would push many businesses into bankruptcy . And last fiscal year , the post office posted a record $ 15.9 billion loss . "  As the nation creeps toward the ` fiscal cliff , ' the U.S. Postal Service is clearly marching toward a financial collapse of its own , " says Carper . "  The Postal Service 's financial crisis is growing worse , not better . It is imperative that Congress get to work on this issue and find a solution immediately . ... Recently key House and Senate leaders on postal reform have had productive discussions on a path forward , and while there may be some differences of opinion in some of the policy approaches needed to save the Postal Service , there is broad agreement that reform needs to happen -- the sooner the better . " The urgency could n't be clearer -- but even at this yuletide 11th hour , signs of progress are slim to none . If Congress fails to pass a bill , we 'll be back to square one in the new year , with the Senate needing to pass a new bill which will then have to be ratified by the House . There is just no rational reason to think that lift will be any easier in the next Congress than in the current lame duck Congress , where our elected officials are supposedly more free to do the right thing , freed from electoral consequences . So as you crowd your local post office this holiday season , look around and realize that the clock is ticking . The Postal Service is fighting for its life . And Congress seems determined to ignore its cries for help . "  Neither rain nor snow nor sleet nor gloom of night " can stop the U.S. Postal Service from making its appointed rounds -- but congressional division and dysfunction apparently can . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	The U.S. Postal Service is bleeding money and heading toward insolvency John Avlon : Congress can save the postal service in deal on the fiscal cliff He says the urgency is clear , let 's hope for a Christmas miracle Avlon : But be prepared that Washington dysfunction can doom the postal service
CNN  The battle for a key Syrian city on the Turkish border intensified Monday as ISIS continued its push for control of Kobani while also scoring a victory in neighboring Iraq , taking a strategically important military base in Anbar province . A fighter from the Kurdish People 's Protection Unit , or YPG , told CNN 's Arwa Damon that the battle in Kobani concerned the main border crossing into Turkey . If ISIS took control , he said , "  it 's over . " The fighter said the Kurdish fighters had pushed back an attempted advance by ISIS on Monday morning but that it would be "  impossible " for them to hold their ground if current conditions continued . Should they take Kobani , the militants would control three official border crossings between Turkey and Syria and a stretch of the border about 60 miles  97 kilometers  long . Monday has been one of the most violent days in Kobani since ISIS launched its assault on the Syrian city , with sounds of fierce fighting , including gunfire and explosions , CNN staff on the Syria-Turkey border said . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh described seeing a mushroom cloud rising about 100 meters  nearly 330 feet  above the city in an area targeted by at least four blasts , generally after the sound of jets overhead . "  However , it remains unclear who is gaining the upper hand , " Walsh said . "  Distribution of the airstrikes does not immediately suggest the Kurds are retaking the center so far . " The U.S. military said it and its partners had attacked ISIS on Sunday and Monday , launching four airstrikes southwest of Kobani , three northeast of the city and one northwest of Raqqa , Syria . "  Fighter aircraft from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia participated in these airstrikes . All aircraft exited the strike areas safely , " the military said in a statement . U.S. national security adviser Susan Rice said Sunday that Turkey had agreed to allow the United States and its partners to use bases and territory to train . "  They have said that their facilities inside Turkey can be used by coalition forces , American and otherwise , to engage in activities inside Iraq and Syria , " Rice told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  That 's a new commitment and one that we very much welcome , " she said . However , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu Agency quoted the country 's foreign minister as saying Monday : "  Turkey has not made any decision on whether to open its Incirlik airbase " to coalition forces in the fight against the militant group . Iraqi forces abandon base Despite airstrikes by the United States and its allies in Iraq over the weekend , reports suggest ISIS has continued to gain ground in Anbar province and has encircled Haditha , the province 's last large town not yet under its control . Provincial security force sources told CNN on Monday that Iraqi forces had abandoned a strategically important base in Anbar after heavy fighting with the militants . The base outside Hit was one of the Shiite-led government 's few remaining military outposts in Anbar , a predominantly Sunni province . It is a key control point for roads running through the region . The Iraqi military still controls the Ayn al-Asad military base , which helps defend Iraq 's second-largest dam and the provincial capital of Ramadi . About 80 % of Anbar is under ISIS control , according to Sabah Al-Karhout , president of the Anbar Provincial Council . The group 's presence has been bolstered by as many as 10,000 fighters , dispatched from Syria and northern Iraq , the provincial council said . Anbar is about the size of North Dakota . On Sunday , the leader of U.S. military efforts to fight ISIS in Iraq said the terror group came within 25 kilometers  15.5 miles  of Baghdad 's airport . From Baghdad area to Raqqa , Syria Should all of Anbar fall , the Sunni extremists would rule from the perimeter of Iraq 's capital to Raqqa in Syria , at least , according to the deputy head of the provincial council , Falleh al-Issawi . ISIS would control a swath 350 miles  563 kilometers  long . Anbar leaders on Saturday appealed for U.S. ground forces to help them fight ISIS , but Baghdad said it had not received any official request . The Iraqi government has been adamant that it does not want U.S. forces on the ground , and President Barack Obama has not shown any intent to deploy any . In new violence Monday evening , three explosions rocked three predominantly Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad , killing at least 17 people and injuring 59 others , security and medical sources told CNN . In the first , an improvised explosive device detonated in Sadr City , killing six people and wounding 24 . A suicide attack at the entrance to the Khadimiya neighborhood in northern Baghdad left nine dead and 29 injured . In a third blast , a car bomb attack in northern Baghdad killed two people and wounded six others . Also Monday , a motorcycle with explosives was detonated in front of a restaurant in Kirkuk . One civilian and two police officers died in the explosion in the northern Iraqi city 's Al-Qadissia section , said two government officials who could not be named for security reasons . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the explosion . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Three separate blasts in Baghdad kill at least 17 people , sources say CNN team on the Turkey-Syria border describe fierce fighting for the city of Kobani A Kurdish fighter says it will be "  impossible " to hold Kobani if current conditions continue Iraq 's military leaves an important military base in Anbar province to ISIS , sources say
CNN  -- U.S. officials said Friday that -- contrary to earlier Venezuelan government claims -- the aircraft of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been granted permission to enter U.S. airspace on Maduro 's flight to China . A senior administration official said Friday that the State Department received a message from the Venezuela Embassy 's charge de'affaires confirming satisfactory resolution of the issue Thursday night . Venezuelan Foreign Minister Elias Jaua said earler Thursday that U.S. officials blocked plans for Maduro 's presidential plane to fly through Puerto Rican airspace , with Jaua describing the move as an aggression . But a State Department official , echoed by other U.S. officials , said Friday that clearance was granted Thursday night for the flight over Puerto Rico . "  Although the request was not properly submitted , U.S. authorities worked with Venezuelan officials at the Venezuelan embassy to resolve the issue , " Marie Harf , State Department deputy spokeswoman , said . "  U.S . authorities made an extraordinary effort to work with relevant authorities to grant over-flight approval in a matter of hours . As a result we were able to notify the Venezuelan authorities  Thursday  night that permission was granted . " Maduro is scheduled to travel to China on Saturday . Harf said the request for diplomatic clearance was made sooner than the three days ' advance notice required for diplomatic flight clearances . "  Additionally , the plane in question was not a state aircraft , which is required for a diplomatic clearance , " Harf added . "  We advised Venezuela on the correct way to get the clearance and notified  Venezuelan  authorities ... that permission was granted . " Before the apparent resolution of the situation , Maduro called the matter "  a serious offense " during a broadcast on state television . The Venezuelan president vowed to take action , adding that the United States had also denied visas for several members of his country 's delegation scheduled to attend the U.N. General Assembly in New York . "  If I have to take diplomatic measures against the U.S. government , I will take them to the most drastic level if it is necessary , but I am not going to accept any type of aggression , " he said . A State Department official called the visa issue untrue , saying the United States had approved them . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Elise Labott , Jamie Crawford , Patrick Oppmann and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. official says Venezuelan Embassy confirmed satisfactory resolution A State Department official says the plane was approved to clear U.S. airspace Venezuelan officials had said the U.S. denied permission for their presidential plane
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova has pulled out of the season-ending WTA Championships in Istanbul after suffering successive straight-sets defeats . The Russian lost to China 's Li Na 7-6  7-4  6-4 , who had herself not won a match , or even a set , since August . It was a match that ebbed and flowed as Li came from 2-4 down in the first set to force a tie-break , which she won despite losing the first four points . Li , who this year became the first Asian Grand Slam winner after victory in the French Open , then fought off a late Sharapova surge when 5-2 up to take the second set 6-4 . The defeat followed Sharapova 's capitulation against U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur 6-1 , 7-5 on Wednesday . "  I really was n't thinking about too much during the match , " Li was quoted as saying on the WTA 's official website after the match . "  I 'm so happy I was able to beat Maria because she 's a top player , and also today was my first match ever at the Championships , so I want to thank all the crowd here for supporting me . " But for Sharapova , who has struggled with an ankle injury but had the chance to become world number one with victory in Istanbul , there were some positives to be taken from two defeats in two days . "  I just have to be pleased that I recovered quickly enough to allow myself a chance of playing here , " she told AFP . World number one Caroline Wozniacki crashed to defeat in her second red group match , losing 6-2 4-6 6-3 to Russia 's Vera Zvonareva . In a repeat of last year 's semifinal , which Wozniacki won in straight sets , Zvonareva , 27 , hit 49 winners to overpower her Danish opponent in two hours and 18 minutes . "  We always have tough matches and this one was very tough too , three sets as usual , " Zvonareva said of the pair 's first meeting since the final of the Qatar Open in February , which she won 6-4 6-4 . Despite losing , Wozniacki , 21 , is now guaranteed to finish the year at the top of the world rankings courtesy of Sharapova 's withdrawal . Elsewhere fourth seed Victoria Azarenka carded a victory in her first match of the Championships with a 6-2 6-2 defeat of U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur . Azarenka has now won all five of the matches she has played against Australia 's Stosur , sealing success on Wednesday in one hour and 17 minutes on her fourth match point . Stosur , seeded seventh , was broken four times in the match and will need to bounce back quickly in order to repeat her semifinal appearance at last year 's tournament . Azarenka , eliminated at the group stage of the event in 2010 , was delighted with her form in the match . "  I feel great , " she told the WTA 's official website after scoring a sixth straight-sets triumph in a row . "  I was n't expecting to play so well in my first match here . It was getting close in the end , we had a really close last game . "  Sam started to really go for every shot with nothing to lose , and I backed up a little bit . She made some incredible shots . But I stayed strong . I had to work for it . I 'm glad I finished it now . "	Maria Sharapova has quit the end-of-season WTA Championships in Istanbul The Russian had lost in straight sets to China 's Li Na It was Sharapova 's second straight-sets defeat in two days Elsewhere Victoria Azarenka beat U.S. Open Sam Stosur
CNN  -- Angry supporters of the Syrian president rallied Saturday night at embassies and consulates of countries that voted hours earlier to suspend Syria 's membership in the Arab League , anti-government activists said . Videos posted on YouTube purportedly showed several of the events . One from Damascus shows a large crowd of people chanting as they gathered outside Saudi Arabia 's embassy in Damascus . Another , from Aleppo , shows angry backers of President Bashar al-Assad yelling as they appear to break through barriers at the Turkish consulate . Some demonstrators are seen taking a Turkish flag , which previously hung over the consulate , and burning it . Neither YouTube video showed any evident violence . Anti-government activists tell CNN that supporters of the Syrian regime also attacked the Turkish and French consulates in Latakia . CNN could not independently confirm the accounts because Syria has not granted international media access to the country . The developments came after 18 of the Arab League 's 22 members voted to punish Syria in an emergency session at its headquarters . The move to suspend Damascus ' membership in the alliance -- a stinging blow to al-Assad -- takes effect Wednesday . Only two member nations -- Lebanon and Yemen -- voted against the measure . Iraq abstained and Syria was barred from voting . Why did Arab League move on Syria ? The league also called for sanctions against al-Assad 's regime , but did not specify what those may include . Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim read the league 's decisions at a news conference after the meeting of the foreign ministers . The league called on member states to withdraw their ambassadors from Damascus , a decision that will be left up to each nation . And perhaps most surprising of all , the league urged the Syrian army to stop attacks on civilians and said that it will hold a meeting with opposition groups in the next three days to discuss a transitional phase in Syria 's future . The Syrian National Council , a leading opposition group , welcomed the league 's decision , calling it "  a step in the right direction , and a clear condemnation of the Syrian regime . " "  The National Council emphasizes its readiness to participate in discussions regarding the transitional period within the scope of the Arab League , to ensure the stepping down of Bashar Al-Assad and the transition to a democratic government that represents the Syrian people and does not  include  anyone from the regime whose hands have been tainted with blood , " it said in a statement . The fact that the league , the formal family of Arab states , took such a bold step against a nation that prides itself as the beating heart of Arabism , is a major development , said Fawaz Gerges , director of the Middle East Centre at the London School of Economics . "  Syria is now as isolated as ever , " Gerges said . "  I would call it a game-changer . " The Arab League 's stated purpose is to strengthen ties among its member nations , coordinate their policies and promote common interests . But the divisions among the 22 nations have diminished its effectiveness . In the case of Syria , however , the league 's decision could open the door for broader international sanctions against the al-Assad regime . The punitive measures come after al-Assad 's failure to abide by an Arab League proposal earlier this month to halt all violence , release detainees , withdraw armed elements from populated areas and allow unfettered access to the nation by journalists and Arab League monitors . But none of that has happened , according to daily reports streaming out of Syria . There have been reports of civilian deaths in the last few days and Saturday was no exception . The Local Coordination Committees , a network of opposition groups , reported 21 people dead , including 10 in Homs , the restive city that has emerged as the epicenter of the uprising . With pressure on Syria ratcheted up , some fear an escalation of brutality in the next few days . Syria 's representative to the league , Yousef Ahmad , blasted the alliance 's decision as illegal . He said it was "  a eulogy for Arab common action and a blatant announcement that its administration is subordinate to U.S.-Western agendas , " according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . Earlier Ahmad had reiterated the government 's claim that terrorist gangs were behind the violence and said Syria "  made strides " in quelling the violence "  despite armed groups ' attempts to foil the plan since it was announced . " Western leaders welcomed Saturday 's decision . "  After the al-Assad regime flagrantly failed to keep its commitments , the Arab League has demonstrated leadership in its effort to end the crisis and hold the Syrian government accountable , " said U.S. President Barack Obama . "  These significant steps expose the increasing diplomatic isolation of a regime that has systematically violated human rights and repressed peaceful protests , " he said in a statement . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton echoed those comments , calling the action "  strong and historic . " "  The United States commends the principled stand taken by the Arab League and supports full implementation of its efforts to bring a peaceful end to the crisis , " Clinton said in a statement . French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said the league 's actions show "  that it is time to increase pressure on the Syrian regime . " Human rights activists have been pushing for weeks for the United Nations to take action and Amnesty International said Saturday that the Arab League 's decision should pave the way for the Security Council . "  Now that the Arab League has taken decisive action , it is time for the U.N. Security Council to finally step up to the plate and deliver an effective international response to Syria 's human rights crisis , " said Philip Luther , the monitoring group 's Middle East and North Africa director . Human Rights Watch has also urged the Security Council to impose sanctions . It published a damning 63-page report Friday , based on interviews with victims and witnesses in Homs , that said al-Assad 's regime 's "  systematic " crackdown on civilians amounted to crimes against humanity . The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said earlier this week that more than 3,500 people have been killed in the brutal suppression of dissent since the Syrian uprising began eight months ago . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy in Cairo contributed to this report .	NEW : The Syrian National Council cheers the Arab League 's decision Videos purport to show regime backers at the Saudi embassy and Turkish consulate Anti-regime activists say there were attacks at a French consulate as well They were in reaction to the Arab League 's call to suspend Syria 's membership
CNN  -- In the chaotic weeks during Egypt 's revolution , thousands of inmates escaped from jail . Untold hundreds among them were Islamist militants . Many more detained for belonging to jihadist groups have been released from detention in the 18 months since President Hosni Mubarak was ousted -- and the activities of some are beginning to cause serious concern to Egyptian and Western intelligence agencies . Muhammad Jamal Abu Ahmad , 48 , was one of those released . A heavyset , bearded man , Abu Ahmad was raised in the poor and crowded Cairo suburb of Shoubra . He joined Egyptian Islamic Jihad as a young man and spent time in Afghanistan training mujahedeen and in Sudan in the 1990s -- before being jailed when he returned to Egypt in 2002 . He spent the next nine years in detention but appears never to have faced a trial . Former jihadists who knew him describe him as "  ultra-radical , " according to Barak Barfi of the New America Foundation , who has spoken with former senior members of Egyptian Islamic Jihad in Cairo . Just what Abu Ahmad may be doing now goes to the heart of the dilemma facing counterterrorism agencies in the Arab world and the West : Of the thousands of Islamist militants now back in circulation in the wake of the Arab revolutions -- who is taking up arms again in the cause of global jihad ? The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday that Abu Ahmad is suspected of a role in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi on September 11 . The Journal quoted a former U.S. official as saying that intelligence reports suggested some of the attackers trained at camps Abu Ahmad established in the Libyan Desert . "  Mr. Ahmad , although believed to be one of the most potent of the new militant operatives emerging from the chaos of the Arab Spring , is n't the only one , according to Western officials , " the article continued . Like many former jihadists now out of Egyptian jails , Abu Ahmad is difficult to trace . There is no clear evidence that he has spent time in Libya or is still there , though the long desert border would make a crossing relatively straightforward . Former comrades insist he is in Cairo , studying for his master 's degree in Islamic law . Magdi Salem , a founding member of Egyptian Islamic Jihad , told CNN that Abu Ahmad had been a fierce fighter . But he added : "  I last saw him three months ago but he had no announced intentions of jihad and informed me that he is staying in Egypt and was determined to finish his studies . " "  Like many jihadists who were against Gadhafi killing his own people , he may have communicated with rebels in Libya during the revolution , " Salem said . Nizar Ghorab , a prominent lawyer in Cairo who has represented jihadists in court , told CNN : "  I have been contacted by different foreign government agencies requesting information about him . " And Mohamed al-Zawahiri  brother of al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri and a former member of Islamic Jihad himself  told CNN Wednesday that Abu Ahmad was definitely in Cairo . But keeping track of the activities and intentions of former jihadists -- many of whom have stayed in touch with each other since being released -- is no easy task . In May 2011 , Egypt 's interior minister , Ahmed Gamal El Din , told CNN that around 23,000 prisoners had escaped during the collapse of the Mubarak regime  though they included many common criminals  , and only some 7,000 had been apprehended . The new Muslim Brotherhood government has granted pardons to dozens more jihadists , some of whom had been held in "  administrative detention " by the Mubarak government without ever seeing a courtroom . Last month , Mustafa Hamza -- a prominent member of Gamaa Islamiya -- was freed . He had been implicated in the slaughter of foreign tourists in Luxor in 1997 , when some 60 people were gunned down and then mutilated . Hamza was also implicated in the attempted assassination of Mubarak in 1995 . He was extradited to Egypt from Iran eight years ago . Of those released , some -- like Magdi Salem -- have taken up roles as mediators between the government and jihadist cells that have emerged in the volatile Sinai Peninsula . With the blessing of President Mohammed Morsy , Salem met with religious and tribal leaders in the Sinai town of El Arish in August -- in an effort to prevent further attacks on security forces by groups such as Supporters of Jihad in the Sinai Peninsula . "  We believe there is a conspiracy to damage the reputation of the Islamists through attacks like these , " he said in remarks quoted by The National , a Persian Gulf newspaper . Osama Rushdi , a former Gamma Islamiya member , says the situation in Sinai is the most alarming facing the government . Attacks by militants on police posts have killed dozens of members of the security forces , and there have been several attempts by militant cells to cross into Israel . Last month militants carrying black flags  often associated with al Qaeda  invaded a U.N. peacekeepers ' base in the Sinai . Another of those released , Tareq al Zumour , who was convicted in 1981 of involvement in the assassination of President Anwar Sadat , has founded the political wing of Gamma Islamiya , the Building and Development Party . Other militants , such as Mohamed al-Zawahiri , also appear to have embraced the new political process in Egypt . He demands Egypt become an Islamic republic under sharia law , but does not espouse violence . Last month , al-Zawahiri presented CNN with a manifesto for a truce between al Qaeda and the West , though he says he has not seen his brother since 1996 . The Egyptian government 's ability to track militants back in circulation has been dramatically impaired since Mubarak 's fall . The State Security Investigative Service was disbanded , to be replaced by another agency called Homeland Security . Hundreds of senior police officers were sacked ; thousands of security files vanished or were burned . Compounding a sense of general insecurity , the Libyan revolution released a flow of weapons across the border , many of which ended up in Sinai . According to Egyptian security sources , these have included antiaircraft missiles . In addition , European counterterrorism officials are concerned that Cairo has become an easy destination for Westerners bent on jihad . They say a number of militants have left Europe for Cairo in recent months ; some are going to Cairo to transit to Yemen and other fronts . Egypt 's president draws much of his support from religious conservatives and Salafists , and is anxious not to be seen as using Mubarak-era tactics against Islamist radicals . Morsy also has called very publicly for the release from jail in the United States of Omar Abdel Rahman , the blind sheikh convicted of playing a role in the first attack on the World Trade Center in 1993 . Rahman is known as the ` godfather ' of Egyptian Islamic Jihad . Mohamed Al-Zawahiri insists the fuss over Abu Ahmad and other jihadists is misplaced and exaggerated . "  I think the United States is once again trying to create a new bogeyman and are giving him a much higher status than he deserves . The media and certain governments will try to prove that the release of Islamists after the revolution was a mistake . But it is only justice served , " he told CNN . Whatever the merits of the release program , Western counterterrorism agencies fear the law of unintended consequences may apply .	Untold numbers of Islamist jihadists escaped prison during Egypt 's revolution One of them , Muhammad Jamal Abu Ahmad , is suspected in the Benghazi attack Hosni Mubarak 's fall impaired Egypt 's ability to track at-large militants Muslim Brotherhood government has granted pardons to dozens more jihadists
CNN  -- You 're delayed at the airport . It 's going to be hours before the airline can get you on another flight . You log onto your computer and answer your e-mails . You surf the Web for a while . You 're still waiting . This is taking way too long . JetBlueCheeps on Twitter alerts followers of last-minute deals on JetBlue . Might as well tweet about it . And if you do , the chances are ever increasing that someone at the airline will see what you have written . They may even respond to it . Airlines are ramping up their use of social networking sites . Several have one employee in the communications department whose primary job is to monitor what is being said about them and to create a presence in the world of Twitter and Facebook . Other staff members also watch the sites in search of opportunities to improve relationships with customers . "  Promotions clearly work well , but there is also an opportunity for airlines to improve customer service and brand perception , " Adam Ostrow , editor-in-chief of social media guide Mashable.com and a commentator on social networking sites , wrote in an e-mail interview . "  If you 're stuck at an airport , and it 's the airline 's fault , you 're going to tweet about it . If the airline responds to those tweets in a positive fashion , it at least shows they care , even if they ca n't immediately remedy the issue . " JetBlue has embraced Twitter as both a medium to update the public on its latest news and a sounding board for how the airline is doing . The airline has more than 1 million followers on Twitter and it also follows about 120,000 of those tweeters . "  The tricky thing with following people is that you do n't want to creep anyone out , " said Alex Headrick , senior analyst of corporate communications at JetBlue . "  You do n't want to look like you are stalking them just because they are talking about us . " The trick is to watch them and see if the tweeter is trying to actively engage the airline in conversation , he said . Often when that happens , someone from the company will send a private message to that person . The main goal for JetBlue is to "  humanize the brand , " Headrick said . Like other airlines , JetBlue approached social networking sites by slowly scaling up its presence . American Airlines also took its time . Billy Sanez , director of customer communications , said the airline has been watching the growth of social media for several years . The interactive team brought up the idea of using Facebook about a year ago , Sanez said , and the airline added its fan page about four months ago . It has been increasing its use of the site by adding modules , including a yet-to-be-named feature that helps users find fares . "  We still have a lot to learn from customers and from how customers interact in these mediums , " he said . "  But it has worked because we have been able to do targeted promotions to consumers , and because we have been able to get feedback from consumers , and in a very easy way . " Not to mention an inexpensive way . Mashable 's Ostrow said social media is still a small part of most marketing budgets  not only for airlines but for many companies  but it is attractive because the costs are minimal . "  It also can be essentially cost-free to get started , since all one needs to do is open a Facebook , Twitter or YouTube account and get creative , " Ostrow said . "  In a down economy , the low cost of entry certainly makes social media even more attractive than it might have already been otherwise . " As for the unfavorable comments people post , American Airlines ' Sanez says it can be a chance to turn a negative experience into something positive . He thinks it can be good for customers to use the forum to get something off their chest . The airline looks for opportunities to interact with users . If people want to express something , let them express it , he said . If they are frustrated , they should be able to complain . "  If they want a resolution , we want to engage them and come up with options and get them to the right people with the right information , " he said . Twitter followers and Facebook fans can also get the scoop on fare sales . JetBlue has a Twitter feed called JetBlueCheeps , where travelers can get some last-minute deals . For instance , on Monday , September 7 , the airline posted on its Twitter feed that there were 25 seats available on a flight from New York 's LaGuardia to Orlando , Florida , for $ 39 . Tickets for the Saturday flight had to be purchased by 6 p.m. Monday evening . Headrick said that JetBlue times Twitter updates to coincide with releases to the media . While airlines appear to be happy so far with the results they are getting from their social media ventures , some are still not ready to expand dramatically just yet . Headrick said JetBlue was studying how to use Facebook . Meanwhile , Southwest Airlines has established its social media presence with more than 600,000 followers on Twitter and more than 76,000 fans on Facebook . Other major carriers also have thousands of followers on Twitter . Delta Air Lines , for instance , has about 11,000 followers , while United Airlines has more than 33,000 watchers . Continental is also looking at Facebook and other sites where a presence makes sense , according to airline spokeswoman Mary Clark . Continental is focusing on Twitter , where it has about 3,000 followers , and FlyerTalk.com , a Web site devoted to frequent flyers , she said .	Some airlines have at least one worker dedicated to watching Twitter and Facebook Users following airlines on social media often get the scoop on fare sales American Airlines spokesman : Posting negative feedback may help resolve issues
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama told Republican House leaders Tuesday he plans to stand firm on the part of his $ 825 billion economic recovery plan that calls for tax rebates for nearly all working Americans -- including those who make too little to owe income taxes . President Obama has pledged to work with Republicans on his economic stimulus package . According to two Republican aides familiar with Obama 's Capitol Hill meeting , Rep. Dave Camp , R-Michigan , the ranking member on the Ways and Means committee , asked Obama if there was room for negotiation on the structure of the biggest tax cut in the bill . "  Feel free to whack me over the head because I probably will not compromise on that part , " the president replied , according to one of the aides , who requested anonymity because the member of Congress relaying information to the aide from inside the meeting wished to remain anonymous . Obama supports the tax rebates for those who do n't pay income taxes because they do pay payroll taxes for Social Security and Medicare . "  The president said again that people that pay payroll tax are taxpayers , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said later . " ... And he just mentioned that the notion that refundability of tax credits for those that do n't make a lot of money was a principle that not only he holds , but one that Ronald Reagan held with the Earned Income Tax Credit in the '80s . " Obama came to the Capitol for meetings with GOP senators and representatives hoping to bridge Washington 's gaping partisan divide and find common ground in the face of a slumping economy . While the unusual personal interaction between a president of one party and rank-and-file members of the other was warmly received on both sides of the aisle , the meetings ended with little promise of serious compromise or change on the core issue of how best to spark new economic growth . The president first met with House Republicans and then with the Senate GOP caucus . "  We had a wonderful exchange of ideas , and I continue to be optimistic about our ability to get this recovery package done to put people back to work , " Obama said after leaving the meeting with GOP House members . "  There are some legitimate philosophical differences " between Democrats and Republicans on how to stimulate the economy , Obama noted , "  and I respect that . " "  I do n't expect 100 percent agreement , " he said . "  But I hope we can put politics aside . " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said he believes some members enjoyed the conversation . "  Clearly , there are some differences , -LSB- but -RSB- I look forward to -LSB- working with Obama -RSB- to improve this package in the coming days so that it is a package that will work for American families , small businesses and our overall economy . " Obama 's plan -- the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act -- has been placed on the congressional fast-track . Democratic leaders have said they aim to get the package to Obama 's desk for enactment by Presidents Day , which falls on February 16 . Gibbs said the meetings Tuesday did not "  start at zero . " "  I do n't think today was the beginning or the end , but just part of that process , " he said . "  I do think there is a genuine sense of -- of cooperation that was involved in the meetings . I think we will have Republican support for this bill . I think you 'll have some when the House passes this bill , hopefully on Wednesday . " The Republican aides , however , said the vast majority of House Republicans are expected to oppose the package Wednesday but are optimistic they will secure some of the changes they want after the vote -- either through changes the Senate makes or in conference committee after the Senate votes on the stimulus . The talks are being held against the backdrop of what appears to be a steadily deteriorating economic situation , highlighted by thousands of new private sector job cuts and record low consumer confidence . The Conference Board , a New York-based business research group , reported Tuesday that its Consumer Confidence Index fell to 37.7 in January , an all-time low going back to the index 's inception in 1967 . How much influence the minority GOP will have on the final drafting of the stimulus plan is an open question . "  What we 're watching now as the stimulus package takes shape is the legislative equivalent of the first date : Republicans meeting with the new president , sizing him up ; Obama deciding whether the GOP is serious about working with him , " said Gloria Borger , CNN senior political analyst . Read what Borger says of the ` first date ' "  He -LSB- Obama -RSB- came to a conclusion early on in his political career that partisan polarization is a large part of the problem , " said a senior Obama adviser . "  Both in reality and in the minds of the American people . " One key Republican criticism of the stimulus plan is that many of its provisions would not jolt the economy back to life quickly enough . The Congressional Budget Office late Monday evening released its first analysis of the total stimulus package as proposed by House Democrats . The CBO estimates that roughly 64 percent of the $ 825 billion package would be put to use in 2009 and 2010 , assuming a stimulus bill is signed into law in mid-February . By contrast , Peter Orszag , Obama 's budget director , vowed to congressional leaders last week that 75 percent of the money would be spent within 18 months . The question of just how fast states and other agencies can spend money to do things like fix roads and retrofit buildings to make them more energy efficient will remain central to the congressional debate in coming days . Appearing before reporters Tuesday morning , Boehner applauded Obama 's planned meeting with congressional Republicans , but reiterated his belief that the bill , as currently drafted , would significantly add to the debt while failing to spark sufficient job creation . The current version of the bill "  wo n't stimulate anything except more government and more debt , " said Indiana Rep. Mike Pence , another member of the House GOP leadership . Obama was accompanied on the Hill on Tuesday by Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , a former moderate GOP House member from the president 's home state of Illinois . The administration is hoping that LaHood , who once was the host of bipartisan congressional dinners with White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , will be able to help Obama win at least some Republicans in Congress . Emanuel also planned to meet with several House Republicans Tuesday night , senior administration officials said . Obama also extended an olive branch to Republicans by reportedly helping to remove from the stimulus plan a widely criticized $ 200 million provision to provide contraceptives to low-income families . The provision , which Republican leaders said would do little to help boost the economy , had been strongly defended by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi . CNN 's Brianna Keillar , Ed Henry , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh and CNNMoney 's Catherine Clifford contributed to this report .	NEW : President tells leaders he will not compromise on tax rebate part of stimulus NEW : Obama : "  Feel free to whack me over the head " because I wo n't compromise House expected to vote on economic package as early as Wednesday Analysis of bill estimates that about 64 percent would be put to use within two years
CNN  -- The Wimbledon tennis championships provide two weeks of pure sporting theatre permeated with tears , tantrums , comebacks , upsets , joy , despair , strawberries and cream . So , perhaps the only surprise attached to the appointment of an ace poet to cover the tournament is that it was n't served up sooner in its rich 133-year history . Matt Harvey has been chosen as top seed -- a baseline bard who will pen a poem for every day of the two-week grand slam , chronicling the sights and sounds of south west London into a series of soulful sonnets . A regular contributor to BBC radio and a self-confessed Wimbledon obsessive , Harvey is already salivating at the prospect of trawling the sprawling site in SW19 . He told CNN : "  It 's just fantastic to be given such access to the place and the people . I 've already spent time there before the lines have been painted and in the museum , and it has been fascinating . I even got to sit in the umpire 's chair on Centre Court and had to pinch myself . "  When it starts I imagine I 'll be wandering about in the background . I 'll have to respond to the things people will be talking about , like if a pigeon is shredded by Roger Federer 's racket -- not that I wish ill of any pigeons , or Federer 's racket for that matter . "  I will also have to touch upon the traditions like strawberries and cream and Cliff Richard , and also the new addition of the roof -- welcoming people to the Wimbledome . "  The attention I 've had since it was announced just makes me realize how much everybody loves it . I 'm not the icing on the cake for Wimbledon , but hopefully I can be one of the many hundreds of thousands on the icing that 's on the cake . " Poetry has a permanent presence at Wimbledon , the immortal lines "  If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster and treat those two impostors just the same , " from Rudyard Kipling 's poem ` If ' adorning the players ' entrance to Centre Court . Harvey 's task is to follow in those feted footsteps and compose an original work for each one of the 14 days of Wimbledon . So where will he draw his inspiration from ? He explained : "  I 'll be getting there early and experiencing Wimbledon before people get in and the change when they do arrive -- and I 'll probably go and recite some poems to people in the queue too . "  Wimbledon has such a rich history to draw on too . I can write about the fact that in the olden days women had to wear corsets and the like , which meant their clothes weighed three times more than the men . "  Or about the 1905 champion , May Sutton , who caused a stir by rolling her sleeves up above the elbow and wearing a dress that showed her ankles . "  There are also a bunch of racket stringers who sit in a little hut at Wimbledon where the players take their rackets to be tuned to their specifications . "  Plus , the Queen is going to be there for the first time since the silver jubilee in 1977 , when Virginia Wade won the women 's title , so there is enough to write about without even mentioning the on-court action . " Harvey 's poems will be available on the official Wimbledon and Poetry Trust Web sites , and he 'll be blogging throughout the tournament . He 'll also have his very own Twitter page , meaning punters can embrace their poetic side by Tweeting suggestions during the tournament . He explained : "  I do a bit in my live show where members of the audience write a line of poetry on a scrap of paper and they always fit together better than people think , so I 'll be inviting people to Tweet me some pithy lines and hopefully we can do the same thing . "  Twitter is limited to 140 characters but you may just be able to fit a couplet in there . " • To follow Matt Harvey 's poems during the tournament visit the Wimbledon or Poetry Trust Web sites .	Matt Harvey has been appointed Wimbledon 's first official poet Harvey will write a poem every day of the two-week grand slam The public can Tweet him lines of poetry during the tournament Harvey will be reciting poems to those in the long queue for tickets
CNN  -- Cornelia Wallace , ex-wife of four-time Alabama Gov. George Wallace , has died , the governor 's office announced . She was in her late 60s . The cause of death was not immediately known . "  She served as first lady during a very turbulent time and our thoughts and prayers are with her family today , " Alabama Gov. Bob Riley and wife Patsy said in a statement . Cornelia Wallace first met her husband at a party in the Alabama governor 's mansion when her uncle , James Folsom , was governor and she was only eight years old , Time Magazine reported in 1972 . She was 19 years younger than Wallace . At the time , Wallace was a state legislator married to his first wife , Lurleen , who also served as Alabama governor . The then Cornelia Ellis went to the semifinals of the Miss Alabama contest before becoming the star of the Cypress Gardens water ski show in Florida , Time reported . She married John Snively III , a millionaire whose family once owned the Gardens . The couple had two sons but divorced seven years later . After Lurleen Wallace died of cancer in 1968 , George Wallace got back in touch with Cornelia Ellis Snively and they married in 1971 . The following year , Cornelia Wallace was beside her husband when he was shot in a 1972 assassination attempt in a Maryland parking lot . George and Cornelia Wallace divorced after his failed bid for the U.S. presidency in 1976 . George Wallace died in Montgomery on September 13 , 1998 .	Cornelia Wallace was in her late 60s She was with Wallace when would-be assassin shot him in 1972 "  She served as first lady during a very turbulent time , " Gov. Bob Riley says
CNN  -- Roger Federer ended Novak Djokovic 's 43-match unbeaten run on Friday to set up another French Open final showdown with longtime tennis rival Rafael Nadal . Second seed Djokovic had been seeking to equal John McEnroe 's 1984 record of 42 successive wins at the start of a season , but was denied his first final appearance at Roland Garros by the 16-time grand slam champion . Federer , the 2009 winner in Paris , triumphed 7-6  7-5  6-3 3-6 7-6  7-5  in three hours and 39 minutes in one of the all-time classic matches to prevent Djokovic taking top spot in the world rankings from Nadal . The Spaniard , seeking to clinch a record sixth French Open title , booked his place in Sunday 's final with a 6-4 7-5 6-4 win over British fourth seed Andy Murray in the opening semi . Can Federer stop Nadal equaling Borg 's record ? "  I had nerves and this was n't even the final , " Federer , who has never lost a grand slam match after leading by two sets , told reporters . "  I have worked a lot in my life and it 's for these types of matches . It was certainly one of my greatest matches in an extraordinary atmosphere . "  It was probably the best match I have played this year . There were breaks , break backs . It 's always intense when we play and I wanted to make it as physical as I could . " Djokovic had been unstoppable this year , winning seven titles as he beat Federer in his first three events of 2011 . But the Swiss third seed has battled through a disappointing year so far by his high standards to give himself a chance of extending his record tally of grand slams . The 29-year-old won the first set in 70 minutes and the second in just 45 before his Serbian opponent dug deep to reduce the deficit . The fourth set continued the extraordinarily high level of tennis on show , as Djokovic broke to lead 5-4 before Federer immediately returned the favor to level . A cheeky drop shot gave him the opening point of the tie-break , and Djokovic saved two match-points -- the second with an ace -- to give himself hope at 6-5 . But , with darkness growing at the local time of 9.35 p.m. , Federer showed immaculate poise to blast one of his own down the middle to set up his 25th career meeting with Nadal . "  All credit to him . He went for his shots , but there are no regrets for me , " Djokovic said after his first match since last Sunday , following the withdrawal of his quarterfinal opponent Fabio Fognini . "  He deserved to win . We were part of a very good match . But I had a great tournament . It 's been the best five months of my career and I knew it had to end some time . " The 24-year-old subsequently revealed he would miss the start of the grass-court season as he pulled out of next week 's tournament at England 's Queen 's Club in London due to knee problems , having played with support strapping throughout his Paris campaign . Nadal leads Federer 16-8 and has won all three of their French Open final encounters plus a semi in 2005 . He earlier celebrated his 25th birthday as he extended his career record at Roland Garros to 44-1 after beating Murray in three hours and 17 minutes . The Spaniard , beaten by Djokovic in clay finals at Madrid and Barcelona , is now one match away from equaling Bjorn Borg 's record of six titles in Paris . On Sunday he will seek to become just the seventh player to win 10 grand slam titles . "  I have a lot of respect for the great Bjorn , but I am focused on trying to play well , " the defending champion told the WTA Tour website . "  For me , is much more important -LSB- to -RSB- win Roland Garros than equal Bjorn . " Murray , who lost to Djokovic in January 's Australian Open title match , failed in his bid to become the first British male to reach the final since Henry Austin in 1937 . "  I thought I did well . Everyone seems to think it 's easy against Rafa to just come into the net or come in or go for big shots , but you do have to be very patient , " he said after dropping to 4-11 against Nadal . "  Sometimes I did n't quite get the ball I was looking for , and sometimes when I did I made a few mistakes . But I think it was a close match . I do n't think there was too much in it . He just played better than me today . "  Going into the grass  season  I have to take positives from that , but I also need to look at things that I need to work on , not only for the grass-court season but beyond that as well . So I look forward to getting back on the practice court . "	Former world No. 1 Roger Federer beats Novak Djokovic in French Open semifinals Swiss third seed ends the Serbian 's unbeaten start to 2011 in four-set epic Federer won through to Sunday 's final , where he faces Rafael Nadal of Spain Defending champion beat Andy Murray to move within a win of equaling Bjorn Borg 's record
CNN  -- A previously unpublished collection of photographs from the wedding of John F. and Jacqueline Kennedy will be auctioned this month . The negatives of the photographs were found in 1993 in the darkroom of Arthur Burges , a World War II veteran and freelance photographer who was hired as a backup photographer for the wedding , according to Bobby Livingston , an executive vice president at RR Auction . "  They 're relatively scarce , " Livingston said . "  To come across a photo archive like this of such a famous event , they 're a nice find . " The future first couple was married on September 12 , 1953 , at St. Mary 's Church in Newport , Rhode Island . The event was also famously displayed in LIFE magazine with shots by photographer Lisa Larsen , according to Rachel Flor of the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum . The magazine called the wedding "  the most impressive the old society stronghold had seen in 30 years . " Letters reveal private thoughts of young Jackie Kennedy Burges ' photos , or the "  outtakes , " as the auction house refers to them , include shots of the couple exiting the church and cutting the wedding cake . According to a press release from the Kennedy Museum , the wedding cake had five tiers and was accompanied by "  a luncheon of fruit cup , creamed chicken and ice cream sculpted to resemble roses . " Jacqueline Kennedy 's wedding dress , captured in Burges ' black and white stills , was made from 50 yards of ivory silk taffeta and took more than two months to make , according to the museum . Livingston estimated the collection of 13 shots will sell for several thousand dollars . The photos are being auctioned online through October 15 . 50 years later , Jackie Kennedy 's pink suit locked away from view	13 negatives from 1953 Kennedy wedding found in 1993 They were taken by a back-up photographer They are being auctioned online , expected to bring several thousand dollars
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- The Mexican government has issued a hurricane warning for part of its western coast due to a powerful storm that could get even stronger in the coming hours , the National Hurricane Center said . Earlier Thursday , the Miami-based weather agency reported that Hurricane Bud had grown to become a Category 2 storm . A new advisory at 5 p.m.  8 p.m. ET  , indicated that the hurricane continued to pack sustained winds of around 110 mph . "  Slight strengthening is possible  Thursday night  or Friday morning , and Bud could become a major hurricane before weakening begins by Friday afternoon , " the center said . "  Bud is still expected to reach the coast of Mexico as a hurricane . " A hurricane warning has been issued for Manzanillo northwest to Cabo Corrientes , where winds are expected to exceed 39 mph within the next 36 hours and eventually top 74 mph . There are hurricane and tropical storm watches and warnings in effect for larger swaths of the country , including San Blas and Punta San Telmo , the hurricane center said . As of early Thursday evening , the system 's center was located about 200 miles  325 kilometers  south-southwest of Manzanillo and 260 miles south of Cabo Corrientes . It was moving northeast at a rate of about 9 mph . Whereas it was once unclear if the storm would make landfall in Mexico , the latest forecast has Bud 's center moving over the Latin American nation 's mainland "  along the Mexican coast late Friday . " "  Hurricane conditions are expected to reach the coast within the hurricane warning area by Friday afternoon , " the hurricane center said in its advisory . By Thursday night , meanwhile , the winds should already be strong -- in excess of 39 mph -- "  making outside preparations difficult or dangerous . Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion , " said the center . Bud is the second named tropical storm of the East Pacific hurricane season . NOAA predicts 4-8 Atlanta hurricanes The National Hurricane Center warned that Bud is expected to bring 4 to 6 inches of rain along Mexico 's southwestern coast , with possible isolated amounts of 10 inches . "  These rainfall amounts could produce life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , " added the U.S. agency . Swells generated by Bud had already begun to affect some coastal areas on Mexico 's southern and southwestern coasts Thursday , and "  are likely to cause life-threatening surf and rip current conditions , " the hurricane center said . Is there severe weather in your area ? Share your experience , photos and videos with us on CNN iReport . CNN 's Mari Ramos , Rob Marciano , Ed Payne and Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Bud is ... expected to reach the coast of Mexico as a hurricane , " an agency says Hurricane and tropical storm warnings are in effect for parts of Mexico 's coast Maximum sustained winds are near 110 mph , the National Hurricane Center says Bud is the second named storm of the East Pacific hurricane season
CNN  -- She was found still wearing the shimmering silver cocktail number she wore to celebrate her wedding . She was as bright as the sequins on that dress . Young . Beautiful . But within two days of saying , "  I do , " she was dead . Police officers in the suburban Chicago town of Burbank found Estrella Carrera , 26 , in the bathtub of the condominium she planned to share with Arnoldo Jimenez , 30 . She had been stabbed multiple times . "  This was a brutal murder , " Capt. Joe Ford , spokesman for the Burbank Police Department , said Wednesday . "  There is some aggression , obviously . " Police found no signs of a forced entry into the condo on Rutherford Avenue . They were searching Wednesday for Carrera 's husband . Jimenez is the prime suspect in his young wife 's murder and is wanted on a first-degree murder warrant , police said . "  It is important to know that this appears to be an isolated incident stemming from a domestic situation and the investigation is continuing , " police said Monday , before obtaining the warrant . Jimenez had known Carrera for three years and married her Friday , at Chicago 's City Hall , police said . The couple had dinner with family and friends and then climbed into a party limousine to celebrate at a night club on the north side of town . "  She was happy . She was fine , " Carrera 's cousin Sandy Lopez told CNN affiliate WBBM . Carrera was more like a sister to Lopez than a cousin , Lopez said . At 26 , she had her whole life ahead of her . "  Why ? Why would you take her from us ? " Lopez said , struggling to comprehend how anyone could commit such a heinous act . The last time anyone saw the newlyweds was at 4 in the morning Saturday when they got out of the limo and headed back home to their condominium in a nondescript three-story brick building . About 36 hours later , police found her body after responding to a call from a family member concerned that there might be something wrong . Carrera had failed to pick up her two children , ages 2 and 8 , as scheduled the day before . Family members tried to contact her and Jimenez on their cell phones . No one answered . Jimenez was last seen driving his black 2006 Maserati sedan , a car that Ford estimated was worth between $ 50,000 and $ 60,000 . "  It 's a pretty expensive car , without a doubt , " Ford said . Such a car raises eyebrows in Burbank , a blue-collar community that is ethnically mixed . Police said thought and prayers go out to Carrera 's family , especially her motherless children . Meanwhile , Ford said , police will keep "  peeling the layers of the Jimenez onion . "	Estrella Carrera and Arnoldo Jimenez were married last Friday Two days later , she was found stabbed to death in her bathtub She was still wearing the cocktail dress she wore at her reception Police are searching for Jimenez , the prime suspect
CNN  -- It 's hard to think of a better place for a mosque today than lower Manhattan , near to ground zero . To support the siting of a mosque there is not just deeply American -- a declaration of the freedoms we stand for -- it is the continuation of a long and established New York tradition of mosque-building . In fact , by any historical measure it is absurd to see Cordoba House , a community center that will include a mosque , as a kind of hostile and exotic cultural invasion of the lower east side . Mosques have been part of New York 's rich architectural and religious mix for over a century , and today hundreds of thousands of Muslims , many whose New York roots go back generations -- attend the city 's more than 100 mosques in the five boroughs . The Muslims who built these mosques are New Yorkers , blameless in the events of September 11 , 2001 , and linked to other New Yorkers through the deep shared sense of loss and pain evoked that day . Their mosques , already part of our urban identity , bear witness to the strength of our freedoms , as will the Cordoba House center . It is likely that Muslims have prayed in New York City for much of its history , and particular buildings have been dedicated to Muslim prayer for over a century . Muslim slaves from Africa who lived in New York no doubt had places to pray as early as the 18th century , but the first mosque building in New York was likely the one belonging to the American Mohammedan Society in 1907 on Powers Street in Brooklyn . The Islamic Mission of America constructed its own mosque in 1939 , and in 1947 purchased the brownstone where the Masjid Daoud can still be found today . The number of mosques in the city began to increase significantly in the 1960s after the ratification of the 1965 Immigration Act , which increased immigration from non-European countries with Muslim populations . Over time , they would range from modest basement prayer halls to elaborate architect-designed buildings . One small mosque in Brooklyn is composed of a dozen neighbors who take turns leading prayer . The first mosque of a new Muslim community in New York , for example , might simply be a suburban house , like the split-level in Richmond Hills , Queens that served as the Masjid Hazrat-i-abu Bakr in the 1990s . With time , the community might gather the funds to construct a more elaborate building , like Masjid Hazrat-i-abu Bakr 's grander building today at the same location . Many mosques in New York City are built and financed by the community members themselves ; some donate materials or work or money . The Ali Pasha Mosque in Astoria , and the Albanian Cultural center in Staten Island were completed in the 1990 's with the help of the contracting and manual labor of their communities . A new mosque can result in the building up of a neighborhood . Fatih Camii was fashioned from an old building in Sunset Park , Brooklyn , and a representative of the New York Police 's 66th Precinct commented to me in the 1990 's that the mosque had revitalized the neighborhood : "  Since the congregation renovated the building and began to function , the entire neighborhood has profited . " This is surely the case with the Masjid Malcolm Shabazz , a renovation of the former Lenox Casino in Harlem by architect Sabbath Brown in 1965 . There the addition of dome marks the presence not only of a mosque , but a school and other community services that make it a beacon in the neighborhood . The mosque 's community has been instrumental in constructing low income housing and supporting the economic revitalization of Harlem . Mosques as community centers all around New York provide day care , help with small business start up , rooms for events , classes in English and other languages , gyms and recreational facilities for their neighborhoods . New York 's newly designed mosques are real products of American pluralistic culture . The first mosque in New York designed from the ground up was probably Masjid Alfalah in which the community collaborated with a local Korean-American architect William Park , in 1983 . Such grand mosques as the Albanian Cultural Center in Staten Island , or the modernist Islamic Cultural Center on Manhattan 's East Side  designed by the famed architectural firm Skidmore , Owings and Merrill  are monuments to the transformations wrought by Muslim communities : They are American mosques . Yesterday New York City 's landmarks commission voted unanimously to deny historic status to the Park Place site , clearing the way for construction of Cordoba House , also known as Park51 . The name Cordoba House , though , is particularly fitting -- an evocation of the rich interactions of Christians , Muslims and Jews in Medieval Spain . Medieval Spain was not often a paradise of tolerance and peace . But where peoples lived together , the understanding spawned by that coexistence gave the lie to the notion that Muslims , Jews and Christians must by nature be opposed , and created a more cohesive , fecund , peaceful and plural society . The Muslims who pray in New York 's mosques are Americans who , like Catholic or Jewish immigrants before them , seek to be part of the city , part of this country . The more than 100 mosques of New York are visual signs , not only of the presence of these Muslim Americans , but also of the religious freedom that distinguishes the American way of life . By their very existence they defeat the hostile , polarized vision of Islam and America that the authors of the WTC attacks hoped to engender . If we wish to stand in defiance of the unspeakable death and destruction of 9/11 , we could not do better than to welcome Cordoba House in the very neighborhood of lower Manhattan where those unspeakable acts occurred , as part of the city 's long history tradition of mosque-building . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jerrilynn Dodds .	Jerrilynn Dodds says siting a new mosque in lower Manhattan continues long New York tradition Muslims have prayed in city for most of its history , she says , likely starting with slaves The number of mosques swelled in 1960s after immigration law passed ; there are more than 100 Dodds : Built by big architectural firms or community efforts , they reflect U.S. freedoms
CNN  -- What would you ask the cast of "  Harry Potter " if you had the chance ? You asked Daniel Radcliffe which literary characters he draws on for his portrayal of Harry Potter . That was the question we posed to you on CNN 's iReport ahead of the highly anticipated sixth installment in the series , "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince . " We asked you to record a video of your questions for Daniel Radcliffe  Harry Potter  , Emma Watson  Hermione Granger  , Tom Felton  Draco Malfoy  , Rupert Grint  Ron Weasley  and director David Yates and upload them to iReport . Here 's a selection of the best questions , which we put to cast members : What questions would you have put to the cast of "  Harry Potter ? " Jenna Bergstraesser , 17 , Rhinebeck , New York asked Tom Felton , "  What steps did you take to prepare yourself for Draco 's increased role in ` The Half-Blood Prince ' ? " Allie Holoman , 23 , Washington DC posed the following question for Daniel Radcliffe : "  I 've heard that you like to read and I was wondering if there are any other characters that you draw on when working on your performance as Harry Potter ? " Watch the ` Harry Potter ' cast exclusively answer CNN iReporters ' questions " Lindsey Breitzman , 23 , Madison , Mississippi wanted to know , "  When you are filming a movie , it does n't necessarily go in sequence , so how do you keep yourself in the right mindset as the character in order to keep the continuity of the film ? " Dilan Mian , nine years old , from Toronto , Ontario asked David Yates , "  How were you able to make the magnificent creatures that are in the ` Harry Potter ' films ? " Freya Bailey-Barker , 15 , from Brighton , England left the following video question for Emma Watson : "  What was your favourite scene to film in ` Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince ' ? " Watch the video to hear David Yates and the cast 's exclusive responses to CNN iReporters .	` Harry Potter ' cast members answer CNN iReporters ' questions iReporters posed video questions for Daniel Radcliffe and others ahead of new film Emma Watson on her favorite scene in new film "  The Half-Blood Prince " Director David Yates on how they create ` Harry Potter 's " magical creatures
CNN  -- I spoke at TED in 2006 , the year they started to put the talks online . I 'm told that since then , the talk has been downloaded more than 3.5 million times in more than 200 countries . The number of people who 've seen it may be 20 times that or more . I have a stream of e-mails , tweets and blog posts round the world from young people , parents , students , teachers , cultural activists and business leaders of all sorts . They tell me how deeply they relate to the talk and often that they 've seen or shown it many times at meetings , conferences , workshops and retreats . Parents tell me they 've shown it to their children ; young people tell me they 've shown it to their parents . They say they 've laughed and sometimes cried together and had a different sort of conversation as a result . Changing the conversation is one of the primary purposes of TED . Why has this talk had such an impact ? I think there are several reasons . To begin with , the talk is short . The 18-minute talk is part of the genius of TED . In a world of instant messaging , rampant data and overspecialization , brevity is a virtue .  Even so , I 've seen blogs that strongly recommend the talk but warn that it 's almost 20 minutes long . A second factor is that , based on the audience 's reaction , the talk is entertaining and funny at times , which always helps . And I 'd just had my hair cut . We may never know how much that simple act contributed to the global appeal of the talk . But the real reason for its impact is that what I 'm saying clearly resonates deeply with people of all ages and across many different cultures . I believe that the argument is becoming more urgent by the day . What is the argument ? In a nutshell , it 's that we 're all born with immense natural talents but our institutions , especially education , tend to stifle many of them and as a result we are fomenting a human and an economic disaster . In education , this vast waste of talent involves a combination of factors . They include a narrow emphasis on certain sorts of academic work ; the exile of arts , humanities and physical education programs from schools ; arid approaches to teaching math and sciences ; an obsessive culture of standardized testing and tight financial pressures to teach to the tests . The result is a disastrous waste of talent among students and their teachers . To sense the scale of this disaster , you only have to look at the alarming rates of turnover among faculty and the levels of drop out , disaffection , stress and prescription drug use among students . Even for students who stay the course and do well in education , the rules of success have changed irrevocably . Just look at the plummeting value of college degrees . The waste of talent in education is not deliberate . Teachers are as anxious about this as everyone else , but many of them feel trapped in the awkward groping of national reform policies , many of which misunderstand the problems as well as the solutions . The waste of talent is n't deliberate , but it is systematic . It happens in part because the dominant systems of education are rooted in the values and demands of industrialism : they are linear , mechanistic and focused on conformity and standardization . Nowadays , they 're buttressed by major commercial interests in mass testing and by the indiscriminate use of prescription drugs that keep students ' minds from wandering to things they naturally find more interesting . The tragedy is that meeting the many social , economic , spiritual and environmental challenges we now face depends absolutely on the very capacities of insight , creativity and innovation that these systems are systematically suppressing in yet another generation of young people . Reforming these systems is not enough . The truth is that we are caught up in a cultural and economic revolution . This revolution is global in scale and unpredictable in nature . To meet it , we need a revolution in the culture of education . This new culture has to emerge from a richer sense of human ability . To shape it , I believe we have to leave behind the manufacturing principles of industrialism and embrace the organic principles of ecology . Education is about developing human beings , and human development is not mechanical or linear . It is organic and dynamic . Like all living forms , we flourish in certain conditions and shrivel in others . Great teachers , great parents and great leaders understand those conditions intuitively ; poor ones do n't . The answer is not to standardize education , but to personalize and customize it to the needs of each child and community . There is no alternative . There never was . The good news is that all around the world there are wonderful examples of people and organizations that are making determined efforts to do things differently in education -- and in business , health care , architecture , communities and cultural programs . There are examples of these all over the TED Web site and in the expanding ripples of the TED prizes . TED itself is a great example of the spirit of collaboration and inter-disciplinarily that is the essential to a genuine culture of creativity . What are the principles of this culture ? Towards the end of my talk , I mention a book I was working on called "  Epiphany . " It was published this year under a much better title , "  The Element : How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything "  Viking  and is now in 11 languages . It draws on conversations with people in science , business , education , the arts , sports and more on how they found in themselves the talents and passions that have shaped their lives . But the book is not about them : it 's about you and your children , if you have any ; and your friends too , if you have any of those . There 's a wealth of talent that lies in all of us . All of us , including those who work in schools , must nurture creativity systematically and not kill it unwittingly . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sir Ken Robinson .	Sir Ken Robinson : We 're born with great natural talents He says schools systematically suppress many of those innate talents Schools use testing and other systems to narrowly assess students , he says He says they devalue forms of creativity that do n't fit in academic contexts
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- An internationally known Catholic priest who was shown in photographs last week embracing a bathing-suit-clad woman on a Florida beach has admitted they had a two-year affair . The Rev. Alberto Cutie was removed from his duties after pictures showed him bare-chested with a woman . The Rev. Alberto Cutie -- sometimes called "  Father Oprah " because of the advice he gave on Spanish-language media -- said Monday on CBS ' "  Early Show " that he is in love with the woman and is considering his options : Whether to break up with her or leave the priesthood and marry her . The woman , who has not been publicly identified , wants to get married , Cutie said . The priest was removed from his duties last week at St. Francis De Sales Catholic Church in Miami Beach , Florida , and on the Radio Paz and Radio Peace networks . "  I take full responsibility for what I did , and I know it 's wrong , " he said Monday . The photos of the Cuban-American priest , also known as "  Padre Alberto , " appeared on the cover of last week 's TV Notas magazine and on eight inside pages . The cover says in Spanish : "  Good God ! Padre Alberto . First photos of a priest ` in flagrante ' with his lover . " Other media outlets throughout Latin America , including the official Notimex news agency in Mexico , picked up the story , and it became an Internet sensation . Cutie has millions of followers in the Spanish-speaking world . In a message posted on the Miami , Florida , archdiocese Web page last week , Archbishop John C. Favalora apologized to parishioners and radio listeners for what he called a "  scandal . " "  Father Cutie made a promise of celibacy and all priests are expected to fulfill that promise with the help of God , " Favalora said . "  Father Cutie 's actions can not be condoned despite the good works he has done as a priest . " Cutie expressed his regret in an online statement last week and again Monday on the CBS program . "  I deeply apologize to the Catholic community and especially to my bishop and to my brother priests who are faithful and who are committed to celibacy , " Cutie said . The priest said he believes in celibacy but thinks it should be optional . He said he had never had a sexual relationship with anyone other than the woman since leaving the seminary 15 years ago . Watch Father Cutie question the celibacy requirement " "  I do n't support the breaking of the celibacy promise , " Cutie said . "  I understand fully that this is wrong . "  I do n't want to be the anti-celibacy priest . I think that 's unfortunate , " he said . "  I think it 's a debate that 's going on in our society , and now I 've become kind of a poster boy for it . But I do n't want to be that . I believe that celibacy is good , and that it 's a good commitment to God . This is something I 've struggled with . And something that I never expected to become a public debate . " He also talked about the woman , saying they have been friends for a long time and the attraction was there from early on , but it was not acted on until a couple of years ago . They have "  both struggled " with the relationship , he said . "  She 's also a woman of faith , " Cutie said . "  She 's also somebody who cares about the priesthood , who cares about these things . So it has n't been easy . And those who have helped me through this process know it has n't been easy . Obviously , you know , through the photos , it looked like a frivolous thing on the beach , you know , and that 's not what it is . It 's something deeper than that . " Cutie was the first Catholic priest to host a daily talk show on a major secular television network , his information on the LinkedIn online professional network says . In addition to his TV and radio appearances , he has written newspaper advice columns and a self-help book , "  Real Life , Real Love . " Before being removed , he was president and general director of Pax Catholic Communications , home of Radio Paz and Radio Peace in Miami .	Catholic priest was removed from duties in Miami archdiocese The Rev. Alberto Cutie says he is in love with the woman , considering his options He and the woman "  both struggled " with the relationship , he said .
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- The tears begin and her voice trembles as Ruth Martinez remembers the first few days of her new world . CNN 's John King talks to Ruth Martinez and her son Jacob . She would leave work , pick up her son Jacob at school and drive aimlessly , sometimes sneaking back to the office , "  to watch TV there without my boss knowing . " Her husband had lost his job , and the stress drove them apart . Then Martinez was evicted . Suddenly , her car was her home . And she was afraid to ask for help . "  We just prayed , " Martinez told us . "  And I was embarrassed because a Hispanic Latina does not ask for help . The way I was raised , you put your pride to the side and did what you had to do . " Rudy Salinas finds them in cars , under bridges , in abandoned homes , and even in protected trenches artfully dug by the military veterans who put survival skills learned in Iraq and Afghanistan to use in America 's inner cities . Salinas has been working to help the homeless here for eight years now , driving the streets every day looking for people hiding under bridges and in abandoned properties . More and more of late , there are people in business clothes , heading off to work . More and more , they are women with young children . "  In my eight years of doing this I have never come across as many people who 've told us they have never been homeless before , " said Salinas , the director of community outreach for People Assisting the Homeless . "  It 's quite different from what I have seen in the past . " Estimates of the problem vary widely . A 2007 survey by the Los Angeles Homeless Service Authority estimated there were more than 73,000 homeless people in Los Angeles County . Activists like Salinas who walk the streets say the number has grown in the past year as the recession has deepened , and that more and more they encounter families . The ingredients for this growing problem are a troubling mix : double-digit employment , in the 20 percent or higher range in poorer African-American and Latino communities , high foreclosure rates and budget cuts to social service programs including homeless assistance . "  A lot of folks who just recently lost their job , and a few folks that were telling us they were living and paying the rent -- following everything they had to do -- but the owner of the property was foreclosed and they had to be moved out , " Salinas said . "  So we 've seen a combination and it 's pretty much balanced between the two right now . But we 're seeing more now than I have seen in the past eight years . " Martinez is one of the new faces among the homeless . The government told her it could n't help because she had a job and did n't qualify . Finally , LAHSA , a homeless advocacy group , offered a voucher for a hotel . It was , in Martinez 's words , "  very , very low class . " Her purse was stolen . Then her car . Drug dealers roamed the grounds . But it was a roof over Jacob 's head . "  I was willing to deal with it because I had nowhere else to go . " The agency that gave her the voucher then referred her to People Assisting the Homeless and before too long Martinez and Jacob were assigned a room at a Los Angeles shelter . It is cramped ; bunk beds against the wall and a thin mattress on the floor where Jacob prefers to sleep . No chairs . No windows . No TV . No complaints . "  PATH is an awesome place , " Martinez tells us after giving us a tour of the shelter , which has a common kitchen area and family room with a single TV , and a small outdoor play area for the children . Families are in one section , single women another across the hall . Men are sheltered upstairs . She has been here six weeks and can stay six months . Those given rooms must agree to set aside some of their earnings in a savings account to help build enough money to rent an apartment , and there are strict curfews and rules of conduct . Martinez still goes to work every day . She still picks up her son at school , and makes sure he keeps his grades up . It would n't dawn on any passerby outside that she is homeless -- and she sees a powerful lesson in that . "  The person next to you at times could be homeless and little do you know that they are . So when people see homeless , I wish society would try to help ... I wish society would be more gentle with words sometimes . " Across town , in a motel whose better days were long ago , Dina Acevedo huddles on one of two twin beds lined against the walls . Her three daughters sit closely at her side , though the youngest , 3-year-old Citially , from time to time gets up to wander the small room or play with a small stuffed Dalmatian . "  I am homeless because we can not afford an apartment , " Acevedo says . "  Renting is very expensive here . " She is divorcing a husband she said was abusive . After taking off , he is now paying some child support because of the efforts of the Los Angeles District Attorney 's Office . The girls were born in the United States and are citizens , but Dina can not work because she is here illegally , applying now for legal status after being told a nonprofit she believed was helping her for years had lost her paperwork . At times in the past , she has worked in the underground economy , cleaning homes and doing other odd jobs . But a back injury makes that work more difficult , and she says there are fewer jobs because of the economy and more and more prospective employers who demand to see immigration documents . "  They request all the time for papers to work , " she said . "  I have been waiting for my immigration papers since 2000 , " she said . She could afford a small studio or one-bedroom , but no one will rent such a small place to a family of four , so she lives in a tiny motel room . Her church is part of her lifeline . "  They support us spiritually and with pantries for food , " Acevedo said . "  The church is like our second home and we are so happy there . " In June it will be one year in these cramped quarters . To cook , the family goes down the hall to a shared kitchen . There is just one bathroom for the four of them . To bathe or shower , there is an additional , though welcome , complication : two tiny turtles , who spend most of their day wandering the bathtub . Acevedo said she will stay here until her immigration status is resolved , and then plans to move to Louisiana where she has friends and relatives , and where she said there are more jobs and a lower cost of living . For Martinez , Los Angeles is home , and she hopes by the end of her six months in the People Assisting the Homeless shelter to have set aside enough money to get an apartment . Still , as urgent as her need to save , she often gives a few dollars away on the ride back to the shelter at night . "  When I get off the freeway I see a gentleman there all the time , " she said . "  If I have a couple of dollars I give it to him . Even though I am homeless , I would rather give the last dollar I have to the person who I see needs it more than me . "	Ruth Martinez worked in an office , but lived in her car Dina Acevedo left her husband but had no job or place to go Both are being helped by aid agencies in Los Angeles , California Aid worker says lately he finds more women with children are homeless
Washington  CNN  Top congressional Republican leaders quickly criticized the U.S.-China climate change pact to cut carbon emissions that President Barack Obama announced while traveling in Asia . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , House Speaker John Boehner and Sen. Jim Inhofe , who is expected to chair the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , slammed the agreement in statements released shortly after the deal was announced Wednesday . "  Our economy ca n't take the President 's ideological War on Coal that will increase the squeeze on middle-class families and struggling miners , " McConnell , who hails from the coal state of Kentucky , said . "  This unrealistic plan , that the President would dump on his successor , would ensure higher utility rates and far fewer jobs . " President Barack Obama announced Wednesday with Chinese President Xi Jinping that the U.S. will cut its 2005 level of carbon emissions by 26-28 % by 2025 while China committed to creating more energy from zero-emission sources and begin reducing its emissions footprint by 2030 . Boehner called the deal another example of Obama 's "  job-crushing policies . " "  And it is the latest example of the president 's crusade against affordable , reliable energy that is already hurting jobs and squeezing middle-class families , " Boehner said in a statement Wednesday . Inhofe criticized the deal as unfair and knocked the Chinese pledge to produce 20 % of its energy from zero-emission sources as "  hollow and not believeable . " "  The United States will be required to more steeply reduce our carbon emissions while China wo n't have to reduce anything , " Inhofe said . China overtook the U.S. within the last decade as the world 's top polluter following decades of the U.S. as the biggest emitter of greenhouse gases . McConnell and Inhofe called attention to the midterm election results , both noting that "  the American people spoke up against " Obama 's policies . The two senators also made a pledge of their own , vowing to rein in regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency , a common target for Republicans . McConnell will take the helm of a freshly won Republican majority in the Senate in January . And while McConnell and Obama have both vowed to try and work together , climate change regulation is likely to remain a contentious point with little common ground between Obama and GOP leaders . The agreement does not require congressional ratification , but a senior Obama administration official said "  leading climate deniers " in the GOP could try and stop the initiative through legislation . "  Congress may try to stop us , but we believe that with control of Congress changing hands we can proceed with the authority we already have , " the official said . The plan will also offer incentives in the United States to build up solar and wind power . "  Consumers and businesses will save literally billions of dollars , " a senior administration official said . CNN 's Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Sen. Mitch McConnell criticizes U.S.-China deal as more of Obama 's "  ideological war on coal " Sen. Jim Inhofe says deal unfair and knocks Chinese pledge as "  hollow and not believable " Under the agreement , the U.S. will cut its 2005 level of carbon emissions by 26-28 % by 2025 China vows to peak carbon emissions output , produce more energy from renewable sources by 2030
The United Nations ' top nuclear watchdog said Iranian authorities are continuing to deny his agency access to a sensitive military complex suspected of being a site of nuclear activities . Yukiya Amano , the director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency , urged Iran on Thursday to be more cooperative with the agency and "  provide timely access to all relevant information , documentation , sites , material and personnel . " The agency has been trying to get access to Iran 's Parchin military site for years . "  Iran has not provided any explanations that enable the Agency to clarify the outstanding practical measures , nor has it proposed any new practical measures in the next step of the Framework for Cooperation , despite several requests from the Agency , " Amano told the agency 's board of governors in Vienna on Thursday . The IAEA chief 's comments come just days before a Nov. 24 deadline for the U.S. and five world powers to reach an agreement with Iran over its nuclear program . Amano , whose agency is not a direct party in the closed-door negotiations , said he hopes the talks will have a "  positive outcome " but would not speculate on whether an agreement can be reached by the Monday deadline . Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday that the U.S. would not accept just "  any agreement with Iran . " "  It has to be an agreement that works , " he said , adding that an accord would need to ensure that Iran has no pathways to a nuclear bomb . Kerry met Thursday with negotiators from Iran and EU to help further the ongoing negotiations with Iran , known as the P5 +1 talks that have the U.S. , U.K. , France , China , Russia and Germany working with Iran to achieve an accord . French FM Laurent Fabius will arrive in Vienna on Friday to continue the talks .	Negotiators from Iran , EU and the U.S. met to talk Thursday French FM Laurent Fabius will Friday in Vienna tomorrow around midday
Lampedusa , Italy  CNN  -- More than 400 people fleeing Libya and Tunisia arrived overnight in an Italian island on Saturday , the latest in a stream of refugees escaping volatile and unstable North Africa . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said the people reached the Mediterranean island of Lampedusa in two boats , one from Libya and the other from Tunisia . The vessel from Libya carried 199 people fleeing the country 's civil war , and the other carried 218 Tunisians looking for better lives in Europe . Five boats containing 1,271 passengers reached Lampedusa on Friday . Many of the refugees are from sub-Saharan Africa , including Sierra Leone and Senegal . Others include Bangladeshis and Egyptians . More than 30,000 migrants and refugees from Tunisia and Libya have risked this dangerous journey to Lampedusa since last February . Lampedusa and Malta , both islands less than an hour 's flight from the North African coast , have borne the brunt of the subsequent wave of migration . At one point , the population of migrants vastly outnumbered the tiny population of Lampedusa , which numbers less than 6,000 . The number of new arrivals from Tunisia has reduced somewhat , thanks in part to a recent agreement with Italy to improve patrolling along the Tunisian coast .	One ship was from Libya and the other was from Tunisia People have been making the journey since February Lampedusa and Malta have borne the brunt of refugee flight
CNN  -- Italian veteran Alessandro Petacchi won his second stage of the 2010 Tour de France on Wednesday as cycling 's premier event returned to less testing terrain after two days of crash-marred racing . Petacchi triumphed in the fourth leg from Cambrai to Reims as last year 's top sprinters Thor Hushovd and Mark Cavendish could manage only ninth and 12th respectively . Fabian Cancellara retained the leader 's yellow jersey as he came home 26th in the 163-strong peloton in the same time as last year 's winner Alberto Contador  32nd  and seven-time champion Lance Armstrong  36th  . British rider Cavendish , who won six stages last year , had a better day after struggling in the wet and on the cobble stones of previous runs but will be disappointed after being forced out of contention at the final sprint . Petacchi timed his dash to perfection as he followed up his win in the first stage into the Belgian capital of Brussels , where several crashes dented the hopes of Cavendish among others . The Lampre team rider came home in three hours 34 minute and 55 seconds to edge out New Zealander Julian Dean and Norway 's Edvald Hagen Boasson , with Australian Robbie McEwen fourth and South Africa 's Robert Hunter fifth . Saxo Bank 's Cancellara retained a 23-second lead over Team Sky 's Geraint Thomas , who was 19th , while third-placed Australian Cadel Evans remained a further 16 seconds back after ending in 16th . Hushovd retained the sprinters ' green points jersey that he won overall last year and in 2005 , but had his margin trimmed to 10 points by Petacchi and acknowledged the threat posed by the 36-year-old -- back at the Tour for the first time since 2004 . "  I do n't know what happened at the finish today , I just had nothing in the legs when I started to sprint . I just felt tired and I could n't go in the last couple of hundred meters , " Hushovd told the Tour de France website . "  Yesterday and the day before I went really deep and I think I 'm paying for it now . I still have a lead in the green jersey competition but you saw today that I lost a lot of points to Petacchi and McEwen . It was a fast and nervous sprint today and in the last corner I was too far back . "  I think I spent too much energy to fight with Cavendish and , when Petacchi went on the left , I just could n't sprint . Petacchi is a threat to the green jersey . He seems really strong now and , if he wants to , he come make it all the way to Paris . "  I 'm surprised by how well Alessandro is going . I know he 's a good , strong rider but to come back to the Tour de France like he has is impressive . " Swiss rider Cancellara was happy to have an uneventful day after losing teammate Frank Schleck on Tuesday . "  My team was happy and I think many other teams were pleased . We needed something like this after tough , hard , nervous , and stressful opening stages , " he said . "  We 've spent a lot of energy and we need to recover a bit because soon we 'll get to the Alps , and that 's when another sort of music will play . "	Alessandro Petacchi claims victory on stage four of the Tour de France in sprint finish The 36-year-old Italian closes on points leader after second stage win of 2010 He heads off New Zealander Julian Dean as sprint rival Mark Cavendish ends in 12th Fabian Cancellara retains overall leader 's jersey as he finishes in the 163-strong peloton
CNN  Venezuela has given the U.S. Embassy in Caracas 15 days to downsize its staff from 100 personnel to 17 . "  With respect to bringing the number of staff at the U.S. Embassy in Venezuela to 17 , a period of 15 days will be given to decide which staff will stay in our country , " said Venezuela 's Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez on Monday . Venezuela 's official news agency AVN  Agencia Venezolana de Noticias  said the U.S. Embassy has been asked to reduce its personnel to a staff of 17 to match the number of Venezuelan personnel working in their embassy in the United States . Last month , the U.S. government approved a law under which Venezuelan officials allegedly involved in human rights violations are to have their visas revoked and their U.S. assets frozen . Following that decision , Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro announced that that Americans will need visas to visit Venezuela . Moreover , a group of prominent U.S. officials , current and retired , will be banned from entering Venezuela because of what Maduro said was their involvement in "  bombing Iraq , Syria and Vietnam " and other "  terrorist " actions . The officials include George W. Bush , former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney , former CIA Director George Tenet and several current members of Congress , including Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , Bob Menendez and Mario Diaz-Balart . On Saturday , Maduro also said an unspecified number of Americans were arrested "  a few days ago " for engaging in espionage and recruitment activities . The President said they included an American pilot of Latin American origin , arrested in the southwest border state of Táchira . He said the pilot was found in possession of "  all kinds of documents " and was being interrogated by the authorities , though he did not identify him . The Venezuelan government has made many similar claims in recent years , without ever substantiating them . "  There have been a lot of anti-American rhetoric again coming out of the Venezuelan Government with a lot of baseless allegations , " said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf on Monday .	President Maduro has said Americans will need visas to visit Venezuela He also said several Americans were arrested for espionage The State Department called the allegation "  baseless "
CNN  -- When it comes to on-screen chemistry , "  Hunger Games " co-stars Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson are naturals . "  We 're great together , " Lawrence , 23 , told CNN in a recent interview . "  We can really kiss . " To be sure , the two have had plenty of practice . As "  Hunger Games " characters Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark , Lawrence and Hutcherson are asked to do some lip-locking on camera in both 2012 's "  The Hunger Games " and its November 22 follow-up , "  Catching Fire . " If you 're not familiar with the book trilogy from Suzanne Collins that the movies are based on , know that part of the central plot revolves around Katniss and Peeta 's relationship -- it 's mostly a survival strategy as the two impoverished District 12 citizens are sent to fight to the death in the sadistic Hunger Games , but there 's also an undercurrent of something more . There 's the additional complication of Katniss ' relationship with childhood friend Gale Hawthorne  Liam Hemsworth  , who 's a likely lover as well . So as Katniss , Lawrence is n't wanting for love scenes . Yet in her typical casual manner , the Oscar-winning actress can shrug it off . "  You just kiss , " she said to CNN , admitting , "  I 've had a couple bad ones . " Hutcherson , though , is n't disappointing , although the 21-year-old actor is n't quite as experienced as his counterpart . "  I have n't had any bad ones , " Hutcherson said , telling Lawrence , "  You 're my first real big kiss in a movie . " "  Really ? " Lawrence responded . "  Oh my God , was I gentle ? " To be frank , "  no , " Hutcherson replied . "  It was a little abrasive , if I 'm being honest . A little shocking . " "  It was very slobbery , " Lawrence agreed . That sort of honest , spontaneous exchange is what makes the duo , but especially Lawrence , so in demand . Just three years ago , Lawrence was best known for an indie film called "  Winter 's Bone , " which earned the actress her first Oscar nomination . But then came an onslaught of films that permanently changed the tide , as Lawrence starred in one high-profile project after another : 2011 's "  The Beaver " and "  X-Men : First Class , " "  The Hunger Games , " and 2012 's acclaimed "  Silver Linings Playbook , " which earned the young star an Oscar . Born in Kentucky with two older brothers , Lawrence presents herself with an unguarded irreverence that both Hollywood and the public eat up with spoons . Even as she transformed into one of the biggest stars in the industry , Lawrence remains grounded and outspoken in her interviews , seemingly unaware of her celebrity status . When she won the best actress Oscar for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " nothing changed on set , Hutcherson told CNN . "  I do n't even think we had a conversation about it , " Lawrence said . "  You guys were like , ` Congratulations , that 's great . ' And then it was like , ` Cool . ' Then we started talking about farts . " And yet , as the public face of a franchise that has thus far made $ 691 million worldwide , Lawrence is n't completely oblivious to her new place in the world . When the first "  Hunger Games " movie came out , the actress tried to stop by Whole Foods , and was quickly reminded of just how famous she 's become . "  Literally the day the movie was released , I had no idea I was famous yet or that anybody had seen the movie , " she said . "  I do n't think actually I knew the movie came out that day . " Whole Foods "  had to call the police and I had to go down the cargo elevator and I was crying . And I saw my ex-boyfriend there and he 's like , ` How 's your life ? ' And I was like , ` Really bad . ' It was the worst . " Her popularity began to make her nervous about appearing in public , and she would skirt dinner plans to avoid the inevitable requests for a photograph . But she 's learned that one has to face fame the way you would face anything else . "  Sometimes I 'm nice , sometimes I 'm in a bad mood , " Lawrence said . "  Like if I 'm at dinner and I 'm eating and somebody wants me to stand up and take a picture -- that 's actually helped with my anxiety , knowing that I do n't have to say yes and I can say no . ... It is hard because you do n't want to feel rude , but at the same time , I have to defend my life and my mental wellness . " CNN 's Nischelle Turner contributed to this report .	Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson co-star in "  The Hunger Games " franchise Hutcherson says Lawrence was his first ` real big kiss ' in a film He says Lawrence was pretty abrasive She agrees that it was ` very slobbery '
CNN  -- Chris Lighty , who managed several of hip hop 's biggest artists , apparently shot himself to death in his Bronx , New York , apartment Thursday morning , a New York police spokesman said . Lighty , 44 , was found with a gunshot wound to his head and a semi-automatic firearm next to his body at 11:30 a.m. , the police spokesman said . While the death appears to be a suicide , police investigators will wait until the medical examiner 's report before closing their investigation , the spokesman said . Lighty founded Violator Records & Management , which counts Mariah Carey , Soulja Boy , 50 Cent , Busta Rhymes , and Diddy among their artist . Rapper 50 Cent , in a statement sent to CNN , said he was "  deeply saddened by the loss of my dear friend and business partner . " "  Chris has been an important part of my business and personal growth for a decade , " 50 Cent said . "  He was a good friend and advisor who helped me develop as an artist and businessman . My prayers are with his family . He will be greatly missed . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Lighty , 44 , was found with a gunshot wound to his head and a gun near by Investigators will wait until the medical examiner 's report before concluding it was suicide Rapper 50 Cent says he 's "  deeply saddened " by word Lighty is dead
CNN  -- Two anti-whaling activists who were seized by a Japanese whaling vessel two days ago have been handed over to Australian government officials on a ship in the Antarctic , Japan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced Thursday . Australian citizen Benjamin Potts and British citizen Giles Lane , both members of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , jumped on board the Yushin Maru No. 2 Tuesday to deliver a letter saying the vessel was violating international law and Australian law by killing whales . The anti-whaling group accused the crew of the Japanese vessel of kidnapping the men based on a video that showed Potts and Lane tied to the ship 's railing . In the video , Japanese fishermen pace back and forth in front of them . Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith Wednesday did not answer questions about whether the men would be charged for their actions , stressing instead that the immediate priority was to retrieve them . "  I 'm not going to give a running commentary on who 's done what to whom and the various allegations and counter allegation , " he said . Smith said the Japanese government -- which formally approached Australia to assist in the transfer -- did not lay out any conditions for the transfer , in which the men were brought on board the Australian ship , the Oceanic Viking . Watch the anti-whaling activists board the Japanese vessel " Capt. Paul Watson , founder of Sea Shepherd , had said earlier that the men were seized by the Japanese crew and assaulted . Watch Watson describe the incident " Sea Shepherd claims Japan 's Institute for Cetacean Research , which is backing the operations , had said it would release the two activists if Sea Shepherd agrees to stop interfering in its whaling operations . The group says it will not agree to that demand . The Japanese Fisheries Agency said Thursday it would readily hand over the two men . But the agency charged that the Sea Shepherd members were the terrorists . At a news conference earlier , the agency released pictures of broken bottles they claim group members threw at the ship . They also released a photo of the two activists relaxing and drinking tea aboard the Yushin Maru . "  For some time , for 10 , 15 minutes , I understand , they were tied to a GPS mast , " Tomohiko Taniguchi of Japan 's Foreign Ministry told CNN . "  The Japanese crew members feared that two crew members from Sea Shepherd might do something violent . " He said Potts and Lane boarded the vessel without permission . Watson said the two boarded only after attempts to contact the ship by radio were unsuccessful . Japan has been hunting whales in the Antarctic and apparently plans to kill as many as 1,000 this winter . The killings are allowed under international law because their main purpose is scientific . "  We regard them as poachers , " Watson said . E-mail to a friend CNN Correspondent Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Two anti-whaling activists handed over to Australian government officials Japan contacting Australia to help secure release of activists , reports say Sea Shepherd Conservation Society says ship 's crew kidnapped 2 of its members The activists boarded the Japanese whaling vessel to deliver a letter
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Kay Hagan is punching back at her opponent after getting slammed by Republicans this week over missing a classified briefing on ISIS and other security threats to attend a fundraiser . In a TV ad released first to CNN on Friday , the North Carolina Democrat rebukes GOP attacks , plays up her voting attendance record on the Armed Services Committee and slams her rival North Carolina House Speaker Thom Tillis as a "  hypocrite . " Hagan admitted earlier this week that she missed an Armed Services Committee meeting to attend a fundraiser . What she did n't tell reporters in that post-debate press conference was that the meeting was in fact a classified briefing on ISIS and other national security threats with the Director of National Intelligence James Clapper . The revelation has given Republicans fresh fodder to slam Hagan 's already shaky attendance record at Armed Services Committee hearings , but Hagan 's campaign is looking to spotlight Tillis ' own irregular attendance record . Hagan 's ad spotlights Tillis ' record of missing legislative work in favor of fundraising , which even prompted his hometown paper to call for Tillis ' resignation -- a clip featured in the latest Hagan ad . The ad also claims Tillis has "  no military plan to take out ISIS " and plays up Hagan 's 98 % voting attendance record and says she "  leads hearings on eradicating terrorists like ISIS . " Hagan 's TV spot was released the same day the Karl Rove-tied Crossroads GPS pushed an ad playing back Hagan 's post-debate statement . "  You know , there was one , " Hagan told reporters on Tuesday . "  And what had happened at that hearing , it was scheduled early in the day , and then votes were scheduled , and then that hearing had to be postponed later that day . So yes , I did miss that one . " That statement rolls uncut for 14 seconds in the 30-second sport after viewers are led in with footage of masked gun-wielding ISIS militants while a narrator talks about ISIS 's "  mass murder " campaign , threats of terrorism on U.S. soil and beheading of Americans . "  Hagan skipped the hearing for a fundraiser , " the ad closes . And when confronted with his own voting record , Tillis deflected a question about his habit of putting cash campaigning before his State legislature duties . "  Quite honestly , if I had anything approaching the seriousness of the threat of ISIS , I would have canceled anything I was doing . " "  There is nothing more important than receiving briefings on our national security , " Tillis told reporters on a conference call Wednesday . "  It 's the top responsibility of every Member of Congress . Senator Hagan has failed to do her job . What is her excuse for not showing up to work over half the time ? " The Democratic senator 's campaign had earlier confirmed that Hagan attended less than half of the committee 's 49 public hearings in the last two years , but that none of those absences were tied to fundraisers . Faced with questions Wednesday about why it had n't revealed that a fundraiser trumped a hearing , the campaign insisted it had n't been not forthcoming because that list of missed hearings did n't include closed-door briefings -- like the one she missed Feb. 27 to attend a New York fundraiser . Republicans immediately pounced on the report that Hagan missed a crucial briefing on the ISIS threat , an issue that now has the potential to swing the already neck and neck race in Tillis 's favor . Polling over the last week has shown Hagan maintaining a razor-thin two - to four-point lead over her challenger . DSCC ad : Tillis in Koch brothers ' pocket Charges that incumbents have missed hearings , briefings , votes , and other official work are popping up in a several closely-fought Senate races this year . And in the Republican-leaning Tar Heel state , which boasts a large military population , Tillis is betting Hagan 's absences from a national security hearings and at least one intelligence briefing will hurt the first-term senator . Democratic campaign operatives in Washington , who are already battling headwinds in their effort to keep the Senate in Democratic control , conducted private polling on the question so they could fully understand its impact . The results showed the issue is very potent and could damage even seasoned candidates . Republicans are seizing on the ISIS threat , with Republican ads and accusations flying in New Hampshire and Colorado hitting Democratic Senate candidates for missing hearings on ISIS . GOP stokes border fears over Ebola , ISIS	Sen. Kay Hagan admitted this week she missed a hearing on ISIS and other threats to attend a fundraiser . Other incumbents are facing heat in other key Senate races for missing hearings . Republicans immediately pounced on the report with several ads slamming her absence .
CNN  -- The week-old redesign of quick-messaging service Twitter was meant to simplify its tools and make it more accessible to newbies . But it has had some unintended consequences . Independent developers of applications that tie into Twitter 's network say they have experienced significant accelerations in downloads and revenue since Twitter 4.0 launched last week . When addicts of the social network got their hands on the new version , many recoiled upon seeing the changes . They were especially vocal about the loss of some features in Twitter 's mobile apps and about the private-message tab being hidden within another menu . So thousands flocked to the various app stores to get third-party apps that look more like the previous version of Twitter . Some of the most popular apps cost a few dollars , unlike the free app made by Twitter . Tweetbot , an anime-themed app for the iPhone , more than doubled its usual revenue just after Twitter 's major redesign , said Paul Haddad , a co-founder for app maker Tapbot . When the small developer cut the price of Tweetbot in half on Friday , to 99 cents , revenue increased more than tenfold , Haddad said . Independent trackers of app downloads verify that Tweetbot and others experienced big gains . "  Word of mouth really goes a long way on Twitter , " Haddad wrote in an e-mail . The maker of another popular app , Twitterrific , saw a "  bump " after the Twitter changes , which carried through to this week , said Craig Hockenberry , the head of app maker Iconfactory . This effect is common , but short-lived , after a major change to Twitter , he said . Twitterrific , which offers a free version with ads or a full version for $ 4.99 , experienced a similar boost in March after Twitter updated its iPhone app with a much-maligned feature called the Quick Bar , Hockenberry said . The Quick Bar , which critics dubbed Dick Bar after Twitter CEO Dick Costolo , added an ever-present ticker showing trending topics and ads . Within a month , Twitter had removed the feature . "  Please stop complaining about the new Twitter app , " Haddad wrote on his Tapbot Twitter account last week . "  They might revert back , and I 'm really enjoying the increase in sales . " For a relatively new Twitter app , like Twittelator Neue , the backlash provided some much-needed attention . That app , which costs $ 1.99 , has seen about three times as many downloads in the week since Twitter 4.0 . "  We 've definitely seen a spike since Twitter updated their official client , " Ollie Wagner , the Twittelator developer , wrote in an e-mail . "  Changes like the ones they 've made tend to be quite polarizing , oftentimes magnetizing audiences towards newer third party clients . " In March , during the Quick Bar fiasco , Twitter began discouraging makers of these types of apps from pursuing development . Ryan Sarver , a leader on Twitter 's developer relations team , wrote then in a memo to partners that they should not be building software that reproduces the functions of a standard Twitter app . "  We need to move to a less fragmented world , where every user can experience Twitter in a consistent way , " Sarver wrote . "  This is already happening organically -- the number and market share of consumer client apps that are not owned or operated by Twitter has been shrinking . " As that number seems to grow slightly , it 's unclear whether Twitter 's stance has changed . A Twitter spokeswoman declined to comment , and Sarver did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .	Twitter 's redesign last week spurred more downloads for third-party apps Many Twitter users were unhappy with the overhaul to Twitter Some were willing to pay a premium for apps that look familiar
The Frisky  -- The new year is a time for taking stock , a time for looking back and learning as well as looking ahead towards a richer future , secure in knowing that the lessons we 've learned this past year will help us lead a better life in the next . Obviously , there is no better source for these life lessons than within the annals of celebrity gossip . Celebrities are richer than us , prettier than us , and -- with rare exception -- skinnier than us . We watch them onscreen and/or listen to their songs -- why should n't we learn from their mistakes ? Sadly for them , 2009 was a rough year for famous people in relationships . There were more breakups than there were deaths ! But luckily for us , there are valuable nuggets of knowledge contained within almost every celebrity split . You are n't going to love the same guy at 30 that you did at 13 . Susie Sprague reportedly had the hots for Corey Feldman since she was a wee child mooning over "  Goonies . " And while Corey had been an adorable little moppet , his grown-up years were filled with drugs , 12-step programs , and reality TV . Five years and one kid into their marriage , Susie wised up and ditched her Lost Boy . Same goes for Avril Lavigne and Deryck Whibley , who met and fell in love when she was a teenager -- after three years together , she grew up  sorta  and filed for divorce . The Frisky : How my May-December romance went horribly wrong Do n't date  or marry  your dad Yes , I know , there are plenty of May/December romances that work out just fine , but there are going to be issues when your pop-cultural touchstone is "  Gossip Girl " and his is "  Gilligan 's Island . " If you do n't believe me , just ask Billy Joel and Katie Lee , Hayden Panettiere and Milo Ventimiglia , Lily Allen and her 45-year-old art dealer ex , or TR Knight and the scandalously younger Mark Cornelsen . The Frisky : 7 things to know about Matt Kemp , Rihanna 's new man Twitter is not for feuding lovers . While some were titillated by Lindsay Lohan 's foray into lesbianism with DJ Sam Ronson , reading their snitty Twits proved that gay relationships can be every bit as boring and stupid as straight ones . The Frisky : 13 annoying ways people abuse Facebook , Twitter Do n't be anyone 's Pocket Pal . Just like huge disparities in age , income and education , sometimes the size gap just ca n't be overcome . Of course I 'm speaking of teeny-weeny Christina Ricci and her jumbo-sized ex-fiancé . According to their reps , it was an amicable split due to the usual publicist-generated reasons , but c'mon . If your boyfriend can pick you up with one hand and zip you up in the pocket of his gargantuan windbreaker , it 's just not an even match . The Frisky : Freakish celebrity couple height differences Professional athletes are probably going to cheat on you . I 'm sure Elin Nordegren thought she was going to be the exception to this rule . I mean , for one , she 's gorgeous . For another , she married the most boring sports star on the planet . Tom Brady -- I think we can all imagine him cheating . But Tiger Woods ? His college nickname was "  Urkel " . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	There were more celebrity breakups in 2009 than there were deaths One lesson : You are n't going to love the same guy at 30 that you did at 13 Sometimes a size gap ca n't be overcome , writer learns from Christina Ricci
San Angelo , Texas  CNN  -- A Texas judge warned Warren Jeffs against calling "  for the jury 's destruction " shortly after the polygamous sect leader said Friday during his sexual assault trial that those who prosecuted his church would face "  sickness and death . " The comments that precipitated the warning to Jeffs , who has been granted the right to represent himself , occurred around midday after Judge Barbara Walther had sent the jury out of the San Angelo courtroom . "  I , the Lord God of heaven , ask the courts to cease the prosecution of my holy ways , " Jeffs said . "  There will be a judgment against all those who prosecute the church . ... I shall let all people know of your unjust ways . I will bring sickness and death . Let this cease . " Walther then told him that "  if you call for the jury 's destruction " while the jury -- who will decide if Jeffs is guilty on two counts of sexual assault on a child -- is present , "  you will be removed from the courtroom . " The defendant responded by saying , "  I am not threatening . I am releasing a message . " The exchange was one of several contentious ones Friday , when the one-man defense team ended his self-imposed silence by repeatedly interrupting prosecutors and launching into a diatribe on religious freedom . Jeffs ' trial stems from a 2008 raid on a ranch near Eldorado , Texas , run by his church , the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints . This trial addresses the two sexual assault counts , while Jeffs is expected to be tried later on a related bigamy charge . Several people took the stand Friday , including a doctor who conducted DNA tests on one of Jeffs ' alleged sexual assault victims and her baby ; a Texas child protective services agent who took part in the raid ; and an FBI agent who took various items from the ranch . Representing himself , Jeffs interrupted when FBI agent Jeff Broadway began to describe what he found on a computer seized in the raid . Broadway said the computer contained lists of people living at the ranch , including their names , ages and birthdays . Jeffs then spent about an hour objecting to Broadway 's testimony on the grounds that it violated religious freedom , claiming the FBI agents "  touched upon what we find sacred to salvation . " "  This must stop , in a land ... where we maintain the constitutional right of religious freedom , " he said . "  We are not a fly-by-night religious organization that just appeared within your borders . Mockery must cease . This is sacred to us , and must remain sacred . " But prosecutors responded that Jeffs ' First Amendment arguments were not valid in this case . Over frequent interruptions by Jeffs -- including more than six in a row -- they argued that freedom of religion does not extend to polygamy or infringing on a child 's rights . The judge later advised Jeffs to seek counsel from his former attorney . Ruby Gutierrez of the Texas Department of Families and Protective Services , who was one of those who took custody of the children after the raid , testified that the 12-year-old girl whom Jeffs alleged sexually assaulted resembled Pippi Longstocking with her red hair and freckles . Jeffs objected to the girl 's picture being shown in court , and argued that her name should not be released . A Texas Ranger who was part of the raid , Don Williams , described to jurors how he went into the compound 's temple . Jeffs interrupted him on numerous occasions , calling his testimony "  an intrusion , a desecration of sacredness . " "  I 'm requesting true justice and protection of religion , " the defendant said . Jeffs had voiced similar views Thursday , when he argued that he felt no counsel could adequately represent him in order for "  true justice to be served . " After warning him of the challenges of representing himself , Walther granted Jeffs ' request to effectively fire his attorneys . But the judge declined to push back the opening arguments , which were scheduled for later that afternoon . Prosecutor Eric Nichols told jurors that they would hear an audiotape documenting the sexual assault of a 12-year-old girl . He also promised to present DNA evidence proving that Jeffs fathered a baby girl with a 14-year-old girl . But when the time came for Jeffs -- who had been verbose earlier in the day -- to talk , he instead sat quiet . He remained that way , with his head down , for about a minute as jurors looked back and forth between him and the judge . Walther said she understood that , by Jeffs ' silence , he had chosen not to give a statement . Then she gave prosecutors the go-ahead to start calling witnesses . The judge previously had told jurors that she expected the trial could last two to three weeks . But that was before Jeffs won the right to represent himself . On Friday , prosecutors said that they had worked late into the night readjusting their approach and vowed to rest their case by next Tuesday . Jeffs ' breakaway sect is believed to have about 10,000 followers . Their practice of polygamy , which the mainstream Mormon Church renounced more than a century ago , is part of their doctrine . The sect 's leader , Jeffs , was on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted list when he was arrested five years ago during a routine 2006 traffic stop in Las Vegas . He was convicted in Utah of two counts of being an accomplice to rape , for using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marrying her 19-year-old cousin . Afterward , he was sentenced to two consecutive prison terms of five years to life . But in July 2010 , the Utah Supreme Court overturned his convictions , ruling that the jury instructions were erroneous . Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff told HLN this week that he would be open to putting Jeffs on trial again in his state . Meanwhile , the Texas legal proceedings were set off after about 400 children were taken from the sect 's Yearning for Zion ranch in 2008 . Child protection officials said they found a "  pervasive pattern " of sexual abuse on the ranch through forced marriages between underage girls and older men . But the Texas Supreme Court ruled the state had no right to remove the children . The court also said the state lacked evidence to show that the children faced imminent danger of abuse . Most of the children were returned to their families , although some men at the ranch were charged with sexual abuse . CNN 's Gary Tuchman and In Session 's Jim Kyle contributed to this report .	NEW : Warren Jeffs vows a "  judgment " against those who "  prosecute  his  church " NEW : The Texas judge warns him against calling "  for the jury 's destruction " NEW : The jury , which will decide if he 's guilty of sexual assault , is n't present at the time Representing himself , the polygamous sect leader touts religious freedom
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday issued new orders aimed at speeding up transportation projects he says will put construction workers back on the job , using the opportunity to blast congressional Republicans who have blocked similar legislation . Standing before the aging Francis Scott Key Bridge over the Potomac River , Obama again criticized Republicans who have blocked the jobs bill he put forward in September , telling an audience of construction workers , "  There 's work to be done . There are workers ready to do it . The American people are behind this , " he said . "  Democrats , Republicans , independents believe in this . These are ideas that have been supported by all those groups in the past . There 's no reason not to do it this time . " The White House announced Wednesday that Obama was ordering the Transportation Department award $ 527 million in pending road and bridge repair grants by the end of the year and speed up applications for another $ 110 million in financing for projects in 2012 . The White House and DOT are also setting up a team to speed reviews of other road and rail projects . "  If there 's money already in the pipeline , we want to get it out faster , " he said . Republicans filibustered the Senate version of the president 's $ 447 billion jobs proposal in mid-October , while a $ 35 billion measure that would have forestalled layoffs of state and local government workers like teachers and police officers was blocked a few days later . Republican leaders particularly opposed raising taxes on top earners to pay for the measures . "  How do we sit back and watch China and Europe build the best bridges and high-speed railroads and gleaming new airports , and we 're doing nothing at a time when we 've got more than a million unemployed construction workers who could build them right here in America right now ? " Obama asked . Meanwhile , he criticized the House of Representatives for spending time to debate measures like establishing a commemorative baseball coin and a resolution reaffirming "  In God We Trust " as the official U.S. motto . "  I trust in God , but God wants to see us help ourselves by putting people back to work , " he said .	White House orders aim to speed up construction projects Obama blasts Republicans for blocking his jobs bill "  If there 's money in the pipeline , we want to get it out faster , " he says
CNN  Anyone stuck reading this while waiting for a delayed flight should take note : next time fly via Bristol Airport . The small airport serving the southwest England port city has emerged as the world 's most punctual aviation hub in 2014 , outperforming some of the biggest destinations on the planet . With connections to Europe and north Africa , Bristol managed to get 94.4 % of its flights on or off the ground within 15 minutes of schedule , according to stats from UK-based aviation data monitors OAG . It 's a figure that might discomfit officials at the main airports serving London -- including Europe 's busiest at Heathrow  75.5 %  -- none of which made the top rankings , with the exception of London Luton . That puts it top of the league not only for small airports , but also larger facilities . John Grant , OAG executive vice president , says the findings of his company 's first annual "  Punctuality League " were positive , although many leading operators would probably be looking to up their game in 2015 . "  With many airports and airlines achieving in excess of 90 % on-time performance within 15 minutes of schedule there is a lot to celebrate , " he said . European destinations dominated the timekeeping list when it comes to small airports , with Bristol followed closely by Brussels South Charleroi Airport at 93.1 % and Berlin Schoenefeld at 92.3 % . Japan 's Osaka International Airport claimed the top spot for medium sized airports with 93.2 % , followed by Moscow Sheremetyevo  89.8 %  and Copenhagen Airport  89.8 %  . The most punctual large air hub was named as Munich Airport  89 %  -- a fact that 'll do little to dispel stereotypes of German efficiency , but one that also highlights the five-year delay to Berlin 's still unopened Brandenburg Airport . Munich was followed by Tokyo Haneda at 87.9 % and Seattle 's Sea-Tac Airport at 86.2 % . The world 's busiest air destination , Atlanta , was ranked 12th on the large airports list with a score of 82.4 % . Dubai , at 14th with 82.3 % , was the only Middle Eastern airport to make any of the top twenties . In a week when it emerged that passengers spent 28 hours stuck on a delayed flight from Abu Dhabi to San Francisco , OAG 's rankings for the world 's most punctual airlines makes interesting reading . Smaller operations again took the lead , with Latvia 's airBaltic outperforming all others at 94.9 % . Second and third were Hawaiian Airlines at 92.3 % and Austrian Airlines at 90 % . The rest of the top 10 includes : Iberia  89.7 %  , KLM  89.4 %  , Saudi Arabian Airlines  89.4 %  , SAS  89.1 %  , Japan Airlines  88.8 %  , Finnair  88.6  and Alaska Airlines  88.5 %  . Norwegian Air Shuttle was named the most punctual low-cost carrier , with almost nine out of 10 flights sticking to schedule . It was followed by Thai AirAsia and EasyJet .	UK 's small Bristol Airport outperforms larger rivals when it comes to timekeeping , according to OAG report More than 94 % of flights take off or land from Bristol on time -- better than any other airport worldwide Small carriers top OAG 's airline punctuality charts , with airBaltic taking the top honors
CNN  -- Seven hundred thousand sandbags guarded the city of Fargo , North Dakota , Friday , lumpy and forlorn sentinels against the rising waters of the Red River . With the river at 17 feet above its flood stage , residents hoped they had done enough to protect themselves . "  The river is definitely well over its banks and has gone into adjacent city parks , different areas that are noncritical , not people 's backyards , or businesses or anything like that , " said Fargo spokeswoman Robyn Litke . The river stood at 35.5 feet Friday afternoon , and rising by about an inch an hour . The river is expected to crest this weekend , about three feet below last year 's record flood level of 40.8 feet . Residents in Fargo and across the river in Moorhead , Minnesota , said they were optimistic after filling more than a million sandbags between the two cities and stacking most of them . "  We 're in good shape and we have a lot of things in place in case there are any problems , " Fargo Mayor Dennis Walaker said . The city said Friday that the levees to the north and south of Fargo have been completed . "  Residents are asked to be vigilant and monitor their dikes , " the city said in an e-mail . Eight "  quick reaction " National Guard teams are in the city and in surrounding Cass County , filling 50 one-ton sandbags for larger protection projects , such as potentially broken dikes , on Friday , the city said . Chinook helicopters are also available to transport bags and equipment if necessary , the city said . "  We got done what we wanted to do as far as our goals for the flood of 2010 so we 're in good shape today , " Walaker said Thursday . But still parts of Fargo were flooding Friday , city officials said . The annual flooding began last week when warmer weather and rain melted snow south of Fargo and Moorhead causing the Red River to swell . Upstream , snow and ice have yet to melt , pushing water back toward the two cities . In the rural town of Hickson , about 15 miles south of Fargo , some homes in the area have been surrounded by water , and residents have had to used boats to get around . Some residents parked their cars blocks away from their homes , walking to the edge of the river where they have their boats parked . iReport : Are you there ? Share photos , video Blain Johnson , 21 , rowed home in waters that he estimated were 5 feet deep . "  This used to be a horse pasture below us , " Johnson said . Johnson said this is the fourth time his neighborhood has been inundated with water in the 10 years he has lived here . Each flood brings stress and fear but , he said , he was trying to keep a positive outlook . "  Not everybody can say they can fish out of their window , " Johnson said . CNN 's Chris Welch , Steve Kastenbaum , Richard Benson and Shelby Erdman contributed to this report .	Red River was 17 feet above its flood stage in Fargo , North Dakota , on Friday afternoon River expected to crest this weekend , but not as high as last year 's record 40.8 feet More than 1 million sandbags have been filled in Fargo and Moorhead , Minnesota Despite flooding , Fargo mayor says , "  we 're in good shape today "
CNN  -- As fierce fires continue to rage uncontained , tens of thousands of residents in Colorado are displaced from their homes . Many of them will never be able to return . Fire has devoured their houses . The number of destroyed homes is well into the hundreds and the fire continues to spread . CNN is reporting this is the most destructive fire in Colorado 's history . It is clear that the people of Colorado will need help and that the need will grow until the fire is contained . However , as conditions are unsafe , it is not recommended to go to the affected areas or offer volunteer help . At this time , the best way to help is through donations . State government officials say that the arrival of volunteers at this time would impede the response efforts but that volunteers will be needed during the recovery phase . They ask for those wishing to volunteer be patient and be trained by reputable relief agencies . For more guidance from state officials , check the Help Colorado Now website . But as the situation continues to develop there are organizations already established on the ground and helping those in need . You can help their efforts by making a donation to any one of the following groups . American Red Cross Hundreds of families and individuals have turned to the Red Cross for shelter from the Black Forest fire near Colorado Springs and the Royal Gorge Fire near CaÃ ± on City . They are working with other local organizations to provide food as well . Red Cross employees are meeting with affected residents , assessing their needs , and providing comfort kits and stuffed animals to children . Experts are also standing by to provide preparedness and evacuation information for residents who have not yet had to leave their homes . The Salvation Army The Salvation Army of Pike 's Peak is on the scene providing food and refreshments to evacuees and first responders . While most organizations prefer you make financial donations , The Salvation Army has also placed a call on its Facebook page asking that donations of sports drinks to help the firefighters combating the fire be sent to : 908 Yuma Street Colorado Springs , Colorado 80909 Long-term help After last year 's devastating fires , two long-term funds were established . The Long-Term Recovery Group of Northern Colorado Fund comprises more than 50 nonprofit agencies , government organizations , faith-based groups and concerned citizens . This fund was established to provide long-term care for those affected by the 2012 wildfires and subsequent flooding in Larimer County . The United Way of Larimer County is overseeing this fund . The second is the Pikes Peak Region Long-Term Recovery Group . It aims to provide recovery services to individuals and families affected by the Waldo Canyon Fire in the Pikes Peak Region . This fund provides long-term aid and resources in the following categories : case management and unmet needs , emotional and spiritual care , housing , material donation coordination and construction and clean-up .	Tens of thousands of people are displaced due to raging wildfires in two areas of Colorado Hundreds of homes have been destroyed While the firefighters are battling the blaze , organizations are on the ground to help evacuees
Washington  CNN  -- A US Airways Express flight crew reported seeing what looked like a flare with a smoke trail in the vicinity of their aircraft while on approach to Philadelphia International Airport on Tuesday . According to authorities , what the crew witnessed remains a mystery . The aircraft with 34 passengers and three crew members landed safely . Flight 4321 , originating from Elmira-Corning Regional Airport , was about 500 feet above the ground in Philadelphia when the incident took place . An audio recording of the communication provided by Live ATC.net between the air traffic controller and arriving planes indicated the initial confusion : Pilot : "  It looks like a flare that was shot out . " Tower : "  Previous arrival said something about a flare being shot up . ... You said there was a flare being shot at you ? " Pilot : "  Yeah it was n't probably more than 50 feet off our right wing . It looked like a flare gun . " Tower : "  OK , wow . " The tower alerted incoming aircraft to use caution as they approached the airport . No other incidents were reported . After landing in Philadelphia , the aircraft taxied to the gate , according to US Airways spokeswoman Liz Landau . Runway 17 was closed for about 30 minutes after the incident for investigation , the FAA said . Law enforcement authorities are investigating . The aircraft involved was a Bombardier Dash 8 twin engine plane operated for US Airways by Piedmont Airlines . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	A US Airways Express crew reports seeing what looked like a flare with a smoke trail The sighting occurred while the aircraft was on landing approach in Philadelphia Authorities say the sighting remains a mystery
Washington  CNN  -- The State Department has issued a travel alert warning U.S. citizens in South Africa to be aware of increased terrorism risks during the World Cup , which starts June 11 . "  Large scale public events like the World Cup may present a wide range of attractive targets for terrorists , " the alert said . "  There is a heightened risk that extremist groups will conduct terrorist acts within South Africa in the near future . " However , the State Department said , there was no specific information on any threat . Any credible threats will be conveyed to the public , the alert said , urging all U.S. citizens to register with the embassy in South Africa to enable them to get updated security information . The alert issued Thursday urged Americans to be aware of their surroundings and warned that crime is prevalent in the country . It urged visitors not to wear expensive jewelry and ensure valuables were not in plain view . "  While driving , keep doors locked and windows closed ... and when stopping at intersections at night or in isolated locations , leave enough space in front of your vehicle for a quick exit . " The alert comes as Vice President Joe Biden gears up for a trip to Egypt , Kenya and South Africa during the week of June 7 . Biden will represent the United States in the opening ceremonies of the World Cup . This World Cup ends on July 11 .	U.S. issues travel alert for South Africa Alert says World Cup an attractive target for terrorists State Department warns there 's no specific information on threats
CNN  -- Florida prosecutors dropped charges against a husband and wife accused of training for a race war as part of a white supremacist group , their attorney said Monday . Prosecutors have n't responded yet to CNN 's calls . Ten other American Front members , including alleged leader Marcus Faella , are set for trial next month , while two co-defendants have entered guilty pleas . Jennifer and Mark McGowan were charged with violating a Florida law against participating in paramilitary training by taking part in target practice and hand-to-hand combat training with others in the American Front . "  They were a group of citizens having barbecues , and nothing illegal was occurring out there , " attorney Sam Edwards said . "  The state made allegations they were firing guns and saying racial epithets against blacks while shooting into jugs , but there is no corroborative evidence . But even so , it is a protected First Amendment right . " According to police , Faella was planning to stage provocative disruptions at Orlando City Hall and at a Melbourne , Florida , anarchist gathering that included members of skinhead groups . Faella , according to police documents , wanted to stir up media attention to help gain new recruits for American Front , which hate-tracking groups say has been faltering since the death of its leader , David Lynch , in California . The 25-year-old group enjoyed a resurgence in 2007 under Lynch , described by the Southern Poverty Law Center as a charismatic leader who helped form it in 1987 . But Lynch was shot to death in his home in March 2011 , leaving the group with no clear leader , according to the Anti-Defamation League . Most of the group 's 50 or so members appear to live in Florida , according to the ADL . "  Faella views himself and the other members of the AF as the protectors of the white race , " investigators wrote in an affidavit , referring to the group by its initials . "  Faella has stated his intent during the race war is to kill Jews , immigrants and other minorities . " According to police , Faella 's group watched videos training members in fighting and the use of AK-47s and other weapons at a St. Cloud , Florida , compound , which the affidavit said is ringed with barbed wire and protected by pit bulls and firing positions facing the driveway . The property was meant to become a refuge for white supremacists after the fall of the U.S. government during a race war , investigators wrote . The group was allegedly making body armor and sniper suits and stocking up on supplies in preparation . The charges came on the heels of a two-year investigation based on the reports of a confidential informant who had to flee the fortified compound after Faella nearly discovered secret recordings the informant had made of training exercises , according to the arrest affidavit . Defendant Kent McLellan , 22 , pleaded guilty on October 16 to paramilitary training and was sentenced to four years ' probation , prosecutors said . Christopher Brooks , 27 , pleaded guilty to one count of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and will serve three years in prison . In exchange for his plea in August , prosecutors dropped two other felony counts -- participating in paramilitary training and conspiracy to shoot into an occupied dwelling -- according to Bernie Presha , a spokesman for the state attorney 's office for Osceola and Orange counties . White supremacist groups still strong Supremacists in U.S. military In Session 's Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	"  They were a group of citizens having barbecues , " attorney for couple says Ten other American Front members are set for trial next month The group 's leader intended to start a race war against Jews , immigrants and other minorities , police say Two co-defendants have pleaded guilty
Parenting.com  -- Germs . The word alone can put a room of new or expecting moms on high alert . After all , those pesky little microbes can be a big worry for parents trying to safeguard their tiny babies from sniffles , runny noses , fevers and worse . But not all germs  bacteria , viruses , fungi and parasites  cause disease . In fact , all of us have a bouquet of normal bacteria on our skin , in our mouths and in our bellies that help us stay healthy  sounds gross , but it 's true  . They aid with digestion and building immunities , and , believe it or not , keeping them is as important as avoiding their disease-causing germ cousins . The story of the germ is one of good versus bad , and the happy ending results from finding a balance in the approach to both . Despite Herculean efforts to keep baby 's environment clean , germs happen . Most infants will have between six and eight respiratory infections  colds , ear infections , bronchitis  each year . The American Academy of Pediatrics  AAP  does n't think a child 's environment can be "  too clean , " so do the best you can to police your collective space . Babe in the icky , dirty woods Tips to keep your newborn germ-free Since newborns have immature immune systems , every effort should be made to minimize their contact with bacteria and viruses that cause diseases . The big bad wolf has many friends , including respiratory syncytial virus , influenza , rotavirus , pertussis  whooping cough  and group B streptococcus . Even though it is impossible to completely control a newborn 's environment , there are a few things that parents can do to limit a new baby 's exposure without making themselves nutty in the process . 8 Adorable Ways Your Baby Says I Love You Hold all calls Tell Aunt Sally with the runny nose to stay away ! It 's important to keep a young infant from anyone with symptoms of infection : fevers , sore throats , coughs , sniffles and sneezes . Remind excited relatives and friends that the gift of keeping their germs to themselves trumps any teddy bear or romper set . Clean team Wash your hands . A 20-second scrub with warm water and soap is the best prevention of spreading germs . It 's also the single most important thing a person caring for a newborn can do . So , scrub your hands every time before scooping up your little one ; ask others to always do the same . It 's especially important whenever you 've handled raw vegetables or meat , played with your pet , visited the bathroom or shaken someone 's hand . 10 Reasons Play Makes Babies Smarter Smooch-free zone We know , your baby is just so darn kissable . But for the love of germ prevention , keep the smooches away from her face . Saliva and mucus are two hotbeds for germs , and avoiding big wet ones on the cheek is another defense in protecting her health . House arrest Avoid grocery stores , restaurants , malls , festivals and other large crowds for the first few weeks . Bypassing the adoring , baby-loving masses and their host of pathogens will help keep your little one sniffle-free . Everything parents need to know about immunizations Open mouth , insert germs The truth about toys , pets and play groups By the time baby 's immune system has strengthened  with the help of recommended vaccines  your kid has discovered his mouth . Sadly , baby 's cravings for mommy 's keys do n't disappear quickly . In fact , putting things , including his soiled hands , in his mouth will continue into toddlerhood and is a normal way for baby to explore and learn about his world . However , it 's best to keep your little one from tasting too many dirty doodads , especially when they 've previously hit the pavement , another child 's mouth or Fido 's doghouse . We know this is n't easy , especially since baby 's world has grown to include playgrounds , play dates and trips to grocery stores , banks and other germy wonderlands . So keep these guidelines in mind to help minimize the guesswork and baby 's overall germ exposure . 10 Mom-Tested Hand-Washing Tricks Wash up ! At about 8 to 12 months , teach your tot how to wash his hands . Regular soap and water does the trick  antibacterial types have not proven more effective  . Get in the habit of washing baby 's hands before he eats  including snacks  and after diaper changes , visits to the playground , petting an animal or coughing , sneezing or wiping his nose . If soap and water are not available , alcohol-based gels or wipes will suffice . The trouble with toys To clean or not to clean ? Most of the time , washing toys with soap and water and letting them air-dry every couple weeks is fine . But when there is a gaggle of kids manhandling baby 's toys  or a play date with another drooly baby  , the risk for bacteria rises . These times call for a regular household bleach wash  one-quarter cup of household bleach to one gallon of water or one tablespoon of household bleach to one quart of water  . Wash , rinse thoroughly and air-dry the goods . Fuzzy toys are germ magnets and are harder to clean , so you might want to put these away during the next play date . Et tu , fido ? The AAP does not recommend pets for families with children under the age of 5 because of germs and a child 's immature judgment . But if Rover or Mimi are already members of your crew , make sure their areas and toys are separate from where baby plays .  Since reptiles and snakes frequently have salmonella , it 's best they not be anywhere near children . Shot in the arm  or leg  Vaccinations are not just important for baby . Make sure both parents and caregivers are up-to-date on their immunizations as well . Most important are the influenza vaccine , which everyone older than 6 months should receive each fall , and the Tdap  tetanus , diphtheria and pertussis  vaccine , which is given to adults as a booster every 10 years . Consult your physician about when you 're due . Why Kids Get Sicker at Night Make-it-fun tip ! Sing the alphabet song while you help baby wash his hands . The song is just long enough to get his tiny mitts squeaky clean . Germ-O-Meter The dirtiest places in a baby 's world  From least to most * Bed linens * Bathtubs * Shopping cart handles * Playgrounds * Carpets * Kitchen Sink Germ magnet Disinfect bath toys frequently or avoid buying ones that collect water and breed mold and bacteria . The five-second rule is a myth Bacteria and salmonella can live up to a month on surfaces , and it takes less than five seconds for them to adhere to that juicy piece of peach that fell on the floor . So , sorry to say , it 's time to put the peach , and the five-second rule , in the trash . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Disinfect bath toys frequently or avoid buying ones that collect water and breed mold But for the love of germ prevention , keep the smooches away from your baby The AAP does not recommend pets for families with children under the age of 5
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When American pop artist Andy Warhol visited Beijing in 1982 and was told there was n't a McDonald 's , he replied : "  Oh , but they will . " Twenty-six years after his death , Warhol , whose much-lauded prescience extended across visual and consumer culture , has popped up in China once again -- and he was right about the fast-food chain . "  Andy Warhol : 15 Minutes Eternal , " the first major retrospective of his work in China , recently arrived in Shanghai with the aim of acquainting the Chinese public with the artist who created some of the most famous paintings of the most iconic figure in the country 's history . Warhol goes to China While Warhol 's trip to Beijing was his first and only visit to mainland China , his engagement with the country started a decade earlier , inspired by former U.S. president Richard Nixon 's rapprochement with the communist power in 1972 . Ripping from the headlines , Warhol adopted Chairman Mao as his subject , applying his signature pop aesthetic to China 's paramount leader . His series of portraits went on to become some of his most well-known works . "  Mao was front-page news in America and that was often where Warhol got his biggest inspiration , " said Eric Shiner , director of Pittsburgh 's Andy Warhol Museum , which organized the exhibition . He described Mao as "  classic Warhol subject matter . " Warhol relied on a copy of Mao 's portrait photograph in the leader 's Little Red Book of ideological quotations to create his paintings . Little did he know that he would eventually pose for a photo in front of the original portrait hanging in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . His trip to Beijing was an unexpected byproduct of a visit to Hong Kong . The industrialist Alfred Siu had invited him to the city to attend the opening of a night club , decorated with portraits of Britain 's Prince Charles and Princess Diana that he had commissioned from the artist . Upon Warhol 's arrival , Siu announced he had arranged a VIP tour to Beijing for him and his friends . Artistic inspiration aside , China also provided Warhol with a respite from the pressures of fame . "  It was one of the special places , " said Christopher Makos , the artist 's close friend and personal photographer , who accompanied him to China . He recalled that Warhol went virtually unrecognized in China , although the artist stood out for his unusual looks . "  As Andy would say , he did n't have to wear his Andy suit . Notoriety and fame is a double-edged sword ... you have no privacy . " China 's communist uniformity , with its blue sea of unisex Mao suits , appealed to Warhol 's aesthetic obsession with repetition . "  He was all about multiples ... and at the time , China was the ultimate multiple , " Makos said . The country also provided a source of inspiration for Warhol 's nascent modeling career . Warhol posed for Makos ' camera with gestures he adopted from the tai chi practitioners he observed outdoors -- and even adopted the bared-teeth expression of the guardian lion in the Forbidden City in one photo . Can Warhol make a name in China ? While Warhol is well-known within art and fashion circles in China  Shiner said 600 of these cultural elite attended the exhibition 's pre-opening  , he remains unknown to the average Chinese citizen . Many Chinese are familiar with certain Warhol works , such as the Marilyn Monroe or the Chairman Mao portraits , reproductions of which dot cafes and tourist markets across Beijing . But they are much less likely to connect the work with the artist -- or to even have heard of the artist himself . "  If you do n't know who Andy Warhol is , I wo n't blame you . But if you say you 've never seen his Marilyn Monroe portrait , I would have to jump into the Huangpu river and kill myself ! " wrote user @Jianisi_yangyang on Sina Weibo . A search on China 's popular Twitter-like platform revealed many posts by users expressing ignorance of whom Warhol was or why he is famous . Having recently launched a "  massive " advertising campaign and sat for dozens of interviews with mainland media outlets , Shiner is hoping to reach the masses . "  One of the reasons why I wanted to do this show is so the general public can learn about the artist behind these iconic works and realize  Mao and Marilyn Monroe  are just a few of thousands of images he made , " he said . So far , it appears that this education is welcome -- and necessary . "  For the first time , I learned the charm of pop art , " Weibo user @Yanmingdu wrote about the exhibition , while user @GracieMankedun posted , "  Just saw Andy Warhol 's exhibition and I got a little confused . For example , I did n't understand the Campbell 's soup cans . " "  The curiosity is greater than the awareness , " said John Good , international director for post-war and contemporary art at Christie 's , which is holding its second private sale of Warhol 's work in Hong Kong this week . "  We 've seen a great deal of interest and curiosity  among Chinese  about Western art and international culture . I think Warhol is a perfect artist ... to show what Western culture is all about . " Christie 's first private Warhol sale in Hong Kong last November attracted a mostly Asian demographic and managed to sell nearly half of its lots , Good said . Censoring Mao in China However , visitors to the "  15 Minutes External " exhibitions in mainland China will not see any Chairman Mao portraits . While Shiner was planning the exhibition with the host venue -- the Shanghai Power Station of Art -- its staff advised that exhibiting the Mao works was n't a "  good idea right now . " A staff member told CNN that government authorities would have considered the works "  too political . " "  Of course , the primary concern is to get the show there and up and not put anything in a category that would ever question anything , " Shiner said . "  Knowing that we would have the censors from the Ministry of Culture , we wanted to make sure ... that nothing would put the show in jeopardy . " An editorial in the state-backed Global Times newspaper suggested that while Warhol may not have had ill intent , the "  provocative " blotches of color splattered on Mao 's face suggested that he was wearing make-up -- a disrespectful portrayal of the iconic leader . While Shiner acknowledged the Mao portraits "  could be read as a sarcastic or ironic portrayal " , he said Warhol "  definitely was n't being critical . He always liked to blur the lines on gender , and making colorful men somewhat beautiful was something that he liked to do as an inside joke , " he added . Once the Chinese public gains a deeper understanding of Warhol 's work , he expects that the Mao works "  wo n't be as big a deal . " Influence on Chinese contemporary art Warhol 's influence on Chinese contemporary art can actually be traced back to 1981 , when many contemporary artists , labeled as dissidents , fled the country , Shiner said . While most of them went to Paris and Berlin , two artists "  very specifically went to New York because they wanted quite literally to be part of Andy 's universe " -- Ai Weiwei and Xu Bing . Both artists have gone on to become some of the most recognized and celebrated names in Chinese contemporary art , and some would go as far as calling Ai Weiwei "  China 's Andy Warhol . " "  Ai Weiwei loves the idea of multiples , " Makos pointed out , noting Ai 's most famous installations , including the 9,000 backpacks representing the schoolchildren killed in the 2008 Sichuan earthquake , and the millions of porcelain sunflower seeds he poured into the Turbine Hall of London 's Tate Modern museum . Shiner readily concurred : "  He 's really gone on to model his entire art-making process and career on proven Warhol tactics , looking at repetition , multiplication , and critique of consumer culture . When you look at his Coca-Cola works , that 's directly related to Warhol and it 's really amazing how many things he picked up from Andy . " Ai 's similarity to Warhol also lies in his social activism , which aims to change Chinese society through art , he added . As for Xu Bing , viewers may not immediately see Warhol in his work , Shiner said , but he described the artist as a "  huge fan of Warhol " who "  loves the idea of repetition -- the formal arrangement of Chinese character after Chinese character , an endless array of similar looking imagery . " Unfortunately , neither artist became acquainted in person with their muse , despite moving to New York for him . Ai once spotted Warhol at a party , but did not approach him , Shiner revealed . "  As a young man , he was too shy to actually go and say hello , " he said , recalling that Ai told him his English was n't good enough at the time . Ai and Xu aside , the Warhol aesthetic and vocabulary has deeply influenced Chinese contemporary artists over the past 10-15 years , with its characteristic combinations of social realist imagery with pop culture and iconic brands . The Shanghai exhibition will run to July 28 and make its way to Beijing later this year . Meanwhile , Makos will also hold an exhibition of his photographs of Warhol next month in Shanghai , including images from their 1982 trip to China . "  His work lives on . Maybe  the Chinese  do n't know him , but they know his work , " Makos said , predicting that Warhol "  will get bigger and bigger in China . " "  Andy was the ultimate pop artist . To this day you can still find Campbell soup on the shelf in the grocery store and you can see multiples of them , " Makos said . "  As long as that imagery is live and well , Warhol will have this built-in publicity . " CNN 's Feng Ke contributed to this report .	First major retrospective of pop artist Andy Warhol 's work exhibiting in China Warhol made first and only trip to China in 1982 , which provided artistic inspiration While iconic works are well-recognized in China , few people connect them with Warhol Warhol influenced Chinese contemporary artists , most notably Ai Weiwei and Xu Bing
Parenting  -- "  Now stay in bed and go to sleep , " my husband , Bill , said as he hugged our 3-year-old son , Davey , good night . "  If you do n't , I 'm gon na talk in my troll voice all day tomorrow . " As dads spend more time with their kids , mothers sometimes feel they have to defend their territory . I smiled with pity at this poor , deluded man . Several times a night , Davey had been getting up to look at books . I had spent fruitless hours reasoning with him . No way could Bill 's threat make a difference , especially since Davey found his troll-under-the-bridge act more funny than scary . But that night , Davey did n't get up once . In the morning he ran around crowing that he 'd won and the troll could n't come . Bill , unlike me , must have known that Davey needed to turn staying in bed into a game . Of course I was grateful . I was also just the tiniest bit jealous . Why had n't I been the one with the great insight ? Why could n't I talk like a troll ? It 's comforting to know that I 'm not the only mom who 's had such moments . Plenty of us admit to everything from mild envy to full-blown resentment of our mates ' parenting skills . And that makes us feel ungrateful : After all , we finally have something that mothers have wanted for generations : an extra pair of hands . Today 's dads spend 21.7 hours a week on child care and related duties such as shopping and housework , up nine hours from 30 years ago , according to research by the University of Maryland . Which is n't to say that moms still do n't handle the vast majority of kid-linked tasks -- a whopping 39 hours weekly . Still , our guys are doing more than their dads did . Fathers clip tiny toenails and baby-food coupons . They read bedtime stories and clothing labels . And while some of our own dads had no clue about how to change a diaper , our kids ' dads often have fierce opinions on Luvs versus Huggies . Parenting : Secrets to a made-to-last marriage We moms say we want our spouses to be do-it-all dads : We 're forward-thinking women of the 21st century . Besides , if they did less , we could n't possibly juggle our busy lives without going nuts . "  But we do n't want them to take over , " says Pyper Davis , a mother of two in Washington , D.C. "  We do n't ever want to be pushed off that throne of being Mommy . " Jealousy and envy and ego , oh my ! One reason we 're possessive of the parental crown may be that , although society 's changed , we still get traditional messages about women 's roles . "  A lot of our mothers , our workplaces , our TV shows still tell us that moms should do most of the childcare , " says Liz Park , Ph.D. , a marriage and family therapist with three kids in Crownsville , Maryland . We moms can be good at taking such messages to heart . Parenting : Keeping score in the chore wars "  For women , no matter how far along you are in your career or no matter how much of a feminist you consider yourself to be , at some level you 're coming from an assumption that women are caretakers , " says Heather Gerken of New Haven , Connecticut , a law professor and the mother of Anna , 6 , and Ben , 2 . "  When Anna was a baby , I would feel guilty about the time away from her , " she says . And at home , sharing child care with her husband , she felt a little jealous that he was as central to Anna 's life as she was . "  Now that I 've gone through this twice , all I 'd add is that the twinges of regret are overwhelmed by the joy of raising kids together . There 's no other reason I can think of for that jealousy , except for the guilty , nagging feeling that you ought to be spending more time with your child . " Well , there are at least a few other reasons . The briefness of those precious early years , for one . "  When our son was a baby , Brian gave him more of his baths , " says Jessica Davis of Chicago .  Both names were changed .  She believed it was important for them to have such one-on-one moments , but "  I remember thinking a few times , ' I should take the bath with him ! ' Especially when they 're babies , you 're likely to think , ' I want this piece or that piece ' because babies sleep so much and quality time with them is much more limited than with an older child . " Parenting 's guide to kid sleep Then there 's the matter of love . Naturally , when our spouses spend extra time nurturing our children , the kids become extra attached . "  David * just adores his dad . He 's his little shadow , " Amy Conner * of Nashua , New Hampshire , says of her 3-year-old son . She understands the daddy worship ; she thinks her husband , is "  more playful " with David than she is . "  But at first it just hurt because I did n't feel that he loved me as much as -LSB- him -RSB- , " she admits . For some moms , like me , what hurts is a deep-seated notion that we should be better parents than our spouses -- more instinctive , more inventive , more in tune with our kids ' needs . D'Anne Gleicher of Alameda , California , finds herself battling this idea when her daughter is sick . Because she ca n't get paid time off from her job as an attorney , her husband is usually the one to stay home with Ava , 8 . "  I know he 's very capable of caring for her , but I want to believe I 'm better at it than he is -- even though I 'm not . I think it 's the whole ` I 'm the mommy and I can fix anything . ' It 's almost like a savior thing . " Working mothers are n't the only ones who long to be saviors . Sarah Mock of Tualatin , Oregon , quit working as a high school teacher when her second daughter was born . "  When you 've made this decision to stay home , you 've given up this side of you where you can shine as your own person . Instead , you feel pressure to shine as a parent , " she explains . Which can make it frustrating when your husband is as much fun with the kids as you are . "  Recently John helped them make their own version of Candy Land . I thought , ` Why ca n't I think of things that are more creative ? ' " she says . "  It seems he 's doing very well at work and then when he comes home he 's doing very well with the kids , so it 's like he 's doing great everywhere and I 'm running to keep up . " Who 's the boss ? If we 're not careful , jealousy and insecurity can turn moms into control freaks . So says Park , a recovering control freak herself . "  With our first child , I was constantly asking my husband , ` Are you making sure he 's getting his vegetables ? ' It feels good to make the decisions . " Trouble is , "  the more we control how dads do things , the less involved they want to be , " Park says . A recent Ohio State University study of almost 100 couples with newborns backs her up : Researchers found that even dads who believed they should be highly involved in childcare shied away from doing things for their infant if Mom was very judgmental . Parenting : The truth about bonding So Park recommends trying what she did with her husband and her son , Joe , now 11 . "  I had to let go and let them have their own relationship -- he 's a competent man ! If Joe does n't have a vegetable , who cares ? " When you find yourself hovering , Park suggests , leave the room . And if you feel compelled to share some crucial knowledge -- the latest food pyramid for toddlers , say -- try offering him some childcare lit . "  That way it 's neutral . It 's not like you 're dictating to him how to do it , " she says . Rethinking the rivalry As for curbing the green-eyed monster , it comes down to discovering things you do well with your kids . When they 're babies , simply breastfeeding them is something Dad ca n't do , and may be enough . Later on , try sharing your passions , from gardening to karate . It 's also smart to take turns doing the fun stuff , like playing with the kids , as well as the non-fun stuff  say , disciplining them  . Dad 's giving the baths ? Great . Make storytime yours , instead of moping . Parenting : Play list Most important , moms say , remember how lucky your kids are to have two hands-on parents . Gleicher hopes that having a caring , involved father will one day spur her daughter to choose a guy with those qualities . "  She wo n't end up with somebody she does n't respect , " she says . Speaking of respect , adds Gerken , it 's the best cure she 's found yet for parental jealousy . "  Just to glory in your husband 's abilities as a dad , I think , is key , " she says . Next time Bill pulls off a child-care coup , I plan to be a model of admiration . I 'll watch and learn . And I wo n't begrudge him his troll voice one bit -- as long as talking like SpongeBob can be mine , all mine . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	There is still a perception that moms should be better parents than dads A mom does n't like to feel that a child loves Dad more Advice : Appreciate having another pair of hands to help with parenting
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday challenged a university audience to look into "  who was truly involved " in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , defended his right to question established Holocaust history and denied there were gay Iranians . When pressed about the harsh treatment of women , homosexuals and academics who challenge Iran 's government , Ahmadinejad painted a rosy picture , saying , "  Women in Iran enjoy the highest levels of freedom , " he said . He elicited laughter and boos from the audience at Columbia University when he said , "  In Iran , we do n't have homosexuals , like in your country . " His remarks , which lasted about an hour , made several general references to God , religion and science . He portrayed himself as an academic , misunderstood and unfairly criticized in the United States . Ahmadinejad is in New York to address the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday . He spoke at the invitation of Columbia 's president , Lee Bollinger , who in his introduction excoriated the leader by saying he "  exhibit -LSB- s -RSB- all the signs of a petty and cruel dictator . " Blaming his schedule , Ahmadinejad left Columbia after his speech before answering many questions posed to him , Bollinger said . Hundreds gathered to protest Ahmadinejad 's appearance , incensed that a leader who has publicly denied the Holocaust and called for the destruction of the state of Israel was given a prestigious forum to espouse his beliefs . Christine C. Quinn , speaker of the New York City Council , said Columbia should not be giving Ahmadinejad a platform . "  All he will do on that stage ... is spew more hatred and more venom out there to the world , " she said . Hamid Dabashi , a professor of Iranian studies at Columbia , called the whole forum "  misguided . " Refusing to back off of his stance on Israel , Ahmadinejad again questioned whether the Holocaust happened . "  If the Holocaust is a reality of our time , a history that occurred , why is there not sufficient research that can approach the topic from different perspectives ? " he asked . The Iranian leader has made statements in the past suggesting Israel be politically "  wiped off the map , " though he insists that can be accomplished without violence . See some of Ahmadinejad 's controversial remarks " While he would not respond with a "  yes " or "  no " when asked Monday if he sought the destruction of Israel , he said the status of Israel should be determined by a free election . "  Let the people of Palestine freely choose what they want for their future , " he said . Ahmadinejad has drawn fire for defying international demands that Iran halt production of enriched uranium . At Columbia , he said Iran is a member of the International Atomic Energy Agency , the world 's central nuclear technology governing body , and has submitted many times to IAEA inspections . "  Over and over again the agency 's reports indicate that Iran 's activities are peaceful , that they have not detected a deviation , " he said . Washington and other nations accuse Tehran of trying to create a nuclear weapons program . Watch reaction to Ahmadinejad speaking at Columbia University " Ahmadinejad said Iran questions "  the way the world is being run and managed today . " But he said Iran would hold talks with the U.S. government "  under fair and just circumstances . " U.S. officials have said Iranian explosives and weapons are making their way to Shiite Muslim militias in Iraq 's sectarian conflict and have been used against U.S. troops in the four-year-old war . U.S. commanders have said they have captured Iranian agents involved in supplying those weapons to the militias , some of which have longstanding ties to Iran . On this point , Ahmadinejad employed a tactic he used often Monday -- answering questions with more questions . Bollinger asked , "  Why is your government providing aid to terrorists ? Will you stop doing so and permit international monitoring to certify that you have stopped ? " Through a translator , Ahmadinejad replied , "  Well , I want to pose a question here to you . If someone comes and explodes bombs around you , threatens your president , members of the administration , kills the members of the Senate or Congress , how would you treat them ? Would you reward them or would you name them a terrorist group ? Well , it 's clear . You would call them a terrorist . " Earlier Ahmadinejad had said he wanted to visit ground zero in New York to "  pay his respects " to those who died in the attack on the twin towers at the World Trade Center . Several groups were outraged . Security became an issue and the visit was canceled . Asked what he hoped to accomplish there , the Iranian president said it was unfair he could not extend his sympathies to victims of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks . Addressing the press directly , he seemed to make a connection between the "  root causes " of the September 11 , 2001 attacks and a solution in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  If the root causes of 9/11 are examined properly -- why it happened , what caused it , what were the conditions that led to it , who truly was involved , who was really involved -- and put it all together to understand how to prevent the crisis in Iraq , fix the problem in Afghanistan and Iraq combined . " He stressed repeatedly that Iran wants to negotiate with the United States and other nations , several times describing Iran as a "  cultured " and "  civilized " nation . "  I think that if the U.S. administration , if the U.S. government puts aside some of its old behaviors , it can actually be a good friend for the Iranian people , for the Iranian nation , " he said . "  For 28 years , they 've consistently threatened us , insulted us , prevented our scientific development , every day , under one pretext or another . " As he ended his talk at Columbia , he invited faculty and students to visit any university in Iran they choose . "  We 'll give you the platform . We 'll respect you 100 percent . We will have our students sit there and listen to you , speak with you , hear what you have to say , " he assured . Earlier Monday , in a question-and-answer videoconference with the National Press Club , Ahmadinejad said the Middle East can govern itself without interference from the United States and other Western nations . Speaking from New York to the luncheon in Washington , Ahmadinejad said Iran wanted to see "  an independent powerful Iraq ... which will benefit the entire region . " "  We are two nations interconnected , " he said of Iran and Iraq . "  We are brothers and friends . " But he said the region did n't need U.S. help . "  We oppose the way the U.S. government tries to manage the world . ... We propose more humane methods of establishing peace , " he said . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Israel 's status should be determined by elections , Iran leader says NEW : No homosexuals in Iran , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says Columbia University president : Ahmadinejad lacks courage to answer questions Ahmadinejad says "  insults , " false claims in Columbia introduction
CNN  The first-time visitor quickly notices the pretty pastel houses and curious sculptures placed at intervals throughout the town -- but the quaint facades and works of modern art signal merely the tip of the fascinating story behind a little known hillside labyrinth in Busan known as Gamcheon village . Not on any standard travel itinerary , the village offers a stark contrast from the glitzy skyscrapers of "  new Busan " or even the bustling markets of "  old Busan . " Instead , the eerily quiet village is a destination for a different type of traveler -- one that 's not driven by foodie discovery or lazing on the beach , the primary reasons Koreans vacation in Busan . Instead , Gamcheon lures travelers with an interest in art and history . Religious roots The village has an unusual origin story . Many accounts say Gamcheon began as a slum town in the 1950s filled with refugees from the aftermath of the Korean War , but the village actually owes its beginnings to an ascetic religious community called Taegeukdo , an obscure religion birthed during political upheavals in Korea in the early 1900s . Although relatively scarce today , members of the Taegeukdo religion believe that the meaning of the universe can be found through a philosophy of "  great polarity , " which incorporates the concepts of yin and yang . The swirling blue and red Taegeuk symbol has been important throughout Korea 's history -- it 's the symbol in the center of today 's South Korean flag . In 1955 , during the rebuilding phase that followed the Korean War , the city of Busan ordered some 800 families of the religious movement to move into designated area on a nearby hillside . The religion 's headquarters also moved . It remains the preeminent landmark of the village today . Meaningful layout , artistic rebirth Unlike other area villages that sprang up in ad hoc fashion , Gamcheon 's multi-tiered communal layout was meticulously planned . "  By building the houses in tiers so that no house blocks any house behind it , the architectural layout of the village adheres to the Taegeukdo teaching of allowing others to prosper , " says Kim Kye-young , a local representative of the Taegeukdo religion . Gamcheon 's art-themed makeover began in 2009 , when it hosted a public art project and invited art students and artists to "  decorate " the village . While the villagers had for decades painted their own homes in pastel hues , artists added dozens of colorful touches throughout town , attaching nicknames such as "  Korea 's Machu Picchu "  bizarre choice  and "  Korea 's Santorini "  closer  . While the view is best from a high vantage point called "  Sky Garden , " where the village information center is located  only Korean brochures and guides are available  , the real delight lies in getting lost in the village 's maze of alleyways . Each alley leads to a different surprise , from bird sculptures on roofs to Murakami-like playful installations in abandoned houses . The quirkiest surprise is "  The Little Prince , " from the French novel of the same name , sitting atop a fence , staring forlornly out at the Busan Harbor alongside his fox . Getting around It 's almost impossible not to get lost . Each alley leads to three or four others . One way to maintain your bearings is to "  follow the fish " -- painted schools that "  swim " throughout the streets . Look closely and you 'll spot tiny people sitting on top of the fish , or kicking them in the eye . "  Photographers come and fall head over heels in love with the village , " says In Sik Kim , a local tour guide . "  But the villagers do n't like the fact that so many people are traipsing through their houses , and many of them are moving away . The houses do n't sell though , so they just abandon them . " More than 300 local houses are estimated to be empty . Artists are stepping in to turn many of them into exhibition spaces . Some have been transformed into cafes and restaurants run by the town . Profits go back to the villagers . Small , quiet and mostly hidden from the tourist path , Gamcheon is n't ready for a flood of visitors . It prefers the occasional trickle that it has today . "  I do n't think fat foreigners can fit through these alleyways , " says another guide when asked about tours for foreigners . "  They 'll have to watch their heads every step , too . It 'll be very uncomfortable . " How to get there In Busan , take the subway to Toseong-dong Station or Goejeong Station , then take a taxi to Busan Gamjeong Elementary School  taxi will cost approximately $ 2.50  . Tour company Jane Tour & DMC offers day tours in English from $ 300 ; +82 70 7393 2428 Gamcheon Culture Village , 10-13 Gamcheon-2-dong , Saha-gu , Busan , South Korea ; +82 70 4219 5556 ; Sky Garden village information center open daily , 9 a.m.-6 p.m. See more on CNNGo TV	Unusual art pops up in unexpected places throughout Busan 's Gamcheon village In 2009 , artists and students were invited to decorate the houses and streets Pastel homes and public buildings have historic roots Village is the headquarters of the Taegeukdo religion
CNN  -- As what might be the final battle rages in Libya , another is looming : the political battle to create a functioning democracy . As Libyan rebels try to consolidate their military gains in Tripoli , the National Transitional Council in Benghazi is trying to activate plans for a political transition . What role the United States will play in Libya 's future is n't yet clear , but most believe it will be a major partner in an international effort . Getting an interim government in place in Libya as soon as possible is critical , the U.S. State Department says . That government would lead the process of writing a constitution and getting to elections , the building blocks of democracy . But international assistance will be necessary to put the other blocks in place . The priority is security , "  because we do n't need any more civilian lives lost in Libya , " said State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . U.S. officials said they 're encouraged by reports the rebels have set up checkpoints around public buildings to promote public safety . "  Tripoli does not look like Baghdad looked after the fall of Saddam Hussein , " with widespread looting , said Jeffrey Feltman , assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern affairs . Confusion over the reported capture of one of Moammar Gadahfi 's sons by the opposition raised questions about whether the Libyan people and the international community can trust the council with Libya 's future should Gadhafi fall . Observers say the reported arrest -- and prompt reappearance -- of Saif al-Islam are at the least an embarrassing distraction for the rebels as they seek to take control of the Libyan capital , Tripoli . Mahmoud Shammam , minister of information for the NTC , acknowledged the situation over the reported capture was confusing . "  We admit our communication was not clear , " he said , saying it had been representatives in Benghazi who stated Saif al-Islam was under arrest , rather than the prime minister . Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said Tuesday that the rebels had the confidence of the American government despite the conflicting information over Monday 's arrests . "  We have definitely found them to be credible and reliable interlocutors , " she said . Professor Daniel Serwer of Johns Hopkins University has met with the NTC and said the opposition seems acutely aware of the need to establish the rule of law . "  From what we know , they want a democratic Libya , an Islamic state but a state that is clearly a multiparty state , that is clearly a liberal state . It would not be unique perhaps in the world , but it is certainly an experiment for Libya , which has not had a state at all . " The rebels who NATO assisted in routing Gadhafi forces are not professional soldiers and would need help in securing the huge stockpiles of Gadhafi 's weapons and ammunition , including weapons of mass destruction like mustard gas . There also are reports of Gadhafi loyalists shedding their uniforms and melting into the crowds to fight another day . They will have to be tracked down . "  All along we 've been talking about the inevitability of some foreign boots on the ground . That will take place , whether the fighting assumes what we would call street-to-street , block-to-block type of engagements that are characterizations of urban warfare or , more importantly , during these periods of transition , " said retired U.S. Army Brig. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks . "  There will be a transition and it 's coming up shortly . You 've got to be able to lock down Gadhafi 's military forces so they do n't grow legs and go elsewhere and that takes some degree of a force on the ground . " While the United States has contributed substantial assets and intelligence to NATO-led efforts to oust Gadhafi , President Obama declared that no U.S. ground troops would be used in that effort nor in the aftermath . Referring to the rebels , a White House official said on Tuesday , "  They have n't asked " for U.S. boots on the ground and "  they do n't want " U.S. boots on the ground . The official suggested any support of that nature would have to come from international partners . The NTC 's stabilization team said it is considering asking several Arab states -- including Qatar , the United Arab Emirates and Jordan -- for a force of several hundred troops to help protect important installations in Tripoli . Gadhafi 's stockpiles of mustard gas and possibly other chemical weapons and surface to air missiles constitute a threat that would go beyond Libya 's borders . "  Well , I 'm worried about it as are many others , " said Nicholas Burns , a former U.S. undersecretary of state and ambassador to NATO , " ... because if they were to get out and proliferate , it could do untold damage on the United States . " Robert Kagan , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , said while he had faith in the good intentions of the rebels , "  I do n't know what their capacities are to find this stuff and to secure it . And we are going to start having to talk about some of the issues that are a little bit more difficult like what kind of international role is going to have to be played in Libya once Gadhafi has fallen ... we 're going to be facing questions pretty early on about whether there has to be something more , including perhaps some international forces that can go in and secure weaponry if the rebels are unable to do so . " Marks said he still has concerns about Libya 's one-time nuclear weapons program ; even though Gadhafi gave up the program , the intelligence behind it is still dangerous . "  The smart technical brains I would imagine are still in place , and what side are they on ? Where do their loyalties lie ? " The NTC has already agreed to a timetable for a new government . The next step would be an "  interim authority , " broadening the TNC from 33 members to 60 to include newly liberated parts of the country . A 15-person panel will draft a constitution over 45 days . The constitution would then be voted on in a national referendum and legislative elections would be held four months later . A presidential election would be held two months after that . NTC officials estimate the process will take 10 to 15 months . "  It would  become an interim government that would represent a broad cross-section of Libyans from different walks of life , different parts of the country , different political backgrounds , " Nuland said . But tribal loyalties , control over oil revenues and disputes over Libyan government assets -- including $ 30 billion frozen by the United States -- could cause rifts in the opposition . Then things could turn ugly . I think we 're going to have to expect to see a slow transition , perhaps a chaotic transition , perhaps , even , unfortunately a violent transition that would n't be surprising at all given the degree of disinfection and disunity that this country has suffered for so long . " Burns said . The U.S. is working with the United Nations to release $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion in frozen assets , Nuland said Tuesday , and give the money to the NTC for humanitarian purposes and to "  help it establish a secure , stable government . " Burns said the same international effort that carried out the military effort should now carry out the economic one . "  The Obama administration made a big point of saying the Europeans and the Arabs should be leading . And I think now that needs to extend to the aftermath of the fighting , " he said . "  If there is going be a major international economic effort to help stabilize Libya , to rebuild the shattered cities , of course the United States should participate , but the Europeans should lead and do more because France and Italy and Spain have greater historical social economic interests than we do , and certainly the Arab countries should do more to help the Libyans . "  President Obama was criticized , as you remember , by some of his critics for having been too solicitous of the allies , for not having had the United States in front . It turns out to have been a very wise policy . It does spread the burden and the burden should still rest on the issue of weapons and other -- and on economic aid , I think , with the European allies and with the Arab neighbors . " William Cohen , a former secretary of defense and U.S. senator , called the international effort against Libya "  an important geopolitical statement . " "  Other countries have to step up and carry some of the burden . It ca n't be the United States leading every effort and you have other countries , whether it 's the British or the French or the Italians or others who have strong ties , historically , to Libya , they have to play a bigger role , " Cohen said . "  The United States can bring its power to bear in the form of intelligence , surveillance , direct munitions or precision guiding munitions . We can do all of that , but it 's time for others to step up and bear some of the load that we 've been carrying for many , many years now . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty , John Helton , Chris Lawrence , Tim Lister , Dan Lothian and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Next battle ahead for Libyans is forming government and securing the country Confusion over reported capture of Gadhafi son calls opposition 's credibility into question First mission for National Transitional Council will be to provide security International community wants Gadhafi 's stockpile of weapons secured
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The concept may be radical , but it might just have to be if the worst predictions of climate change are realized . The Lilypad as imagined by architect Vincent Callebaut moored off the coast of Monaco . The Lilypad , a floating ecopolis for climatic refugees , is the creation of Belgian architect Vincent Callebaut . "  It is " he says , "  a true amphibian , half aquatic and half terrestrial city , able to accommodate 50,000 inhabitants and inviting biodiversity " . Callebaut imagines his structure at 250 times the scale of a lilypad , with a skin made of polyester fibres coated in titanium dioxide which would react with ultraviolet light and absorb atmospheric pollution . The Lilypad comprises of three marinas and three mountain regions with streets and structures strewn with foliage . "  The goal is to create a harmonious coexistence of humans and nature , " said Callebaut . With a central fresh water lagoon acting as ballast , the whole construction would be carbon neutral utilizing solar , thermal , wind , hydraulic , tidal and osmotic energies . With high density populations living in low-lying areas -- The Netherlands , Polynesia , Bangladesh -- the ecopolis , its creator believes , could be the answer to mass human displacement that global warming is predicted to cause . In its most recent 2007 report the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicted sea levels will rise by 60-90 cm during this century . Some climate scientists like James Hansen think that if greenhouse gas emissions are n't checked then those figures might be much , much worse . In practice , Callebaut envisages the Lilypad sailing the seas , following currents like a futuristic cruise ship . He also thinks that it could "  widen sustainability in offshore territories of the most developed countries such as Monaco " . You ca n't help thinking that the well-heeled residents of the Principality might have a thing or two to say about 50,000 climatic refugees bobbing around in the harbour , but you can not fault Callebaut 's ambition . His previous creations -- showcased on his website -- reveal an imagination working at full throttle with sustainable design lying at its heart . Anti-Smog -- a prototype of depolluting architecture and Ecomic -- an ecotower rising up from the foundations of Aztec ruins are two further examples of his eco design credentials . The Perfumed Jungle , Fields in Fields and The Fractured Monolith may sound like titles for various genres of novel but are , in fact , names for sustainable projects in Callebaut 's growing portfolio . Now all he needs is to find someone brave enough to build on the vision he has created .	Belgian architect imagines climate refugees living on a futuristic Lilypad ecopolis The structure would support 50,000 inhabitants in a zero carbon environment The goal is to "  create a harmonious coexistence of humans and nature "
CNN  -- "  Viewers do n't want to be informed . Viewers want to feel informed . " Those are the words of Chet Collier , one of the founders of Fox News , as quoted in Gabriel Sherman 's new biography of Roger Ailes , the network 's chief . Mission apparently accomplished : Fox is the most-watched cable news network , and yet , some surveys suggest that people who rely on Fox as their primary information source know less about current events than people who watch no news at all . But to jab at Fox for inaccuracy is to miss Fox 's purpose . Fox has created an information community . We used to say , "  Everybody 's entitled to his own opinion , but not his own facts . " In a mass media age , what counted as "  fact " was defined by a few great national institutions : a small group of prestigious newspapers , a pair of leading news magazines , a trio of television broadcasters . Dissenters had a difficult time reaching any kind of large audience -- or even identifying who their audience might be . Advancing technology opened new possibilities , and Sherman 's biography deftly tells the story of how it happened . The launch of CNN inspired NBC to create a cable news channel of its own , CNBC . Roger Ailes -- a former TV producer who had emerged as the most successful Republican campaign consultant of the 1980s -- was hired to run CNBC . After he lost an internal power struggle , Ailes joined Rupert Murdoch 's Fox network . And the rest , as they say , is history . Before Fox , news programmers had struggled with the question of what their product was . Did it include health information , and if so , how much ? Weather ? Financial information ? Human interest ? Political opinion ? Ailes built his new channel upon a very different question : who is my product for ? The largest generation in American history , the baby boomers , were reaching deep middle age by the mid-1990s . They were beginning to share an experience familiar to all who pass age 50 : living in a country very different from the one they had been born into . Fox offered them a new virtual environment in which they could feel more at home than they did in the outside world . Fox was carefully designed to look like a TV show from the 1970s : no holograms , no urban hipster studios , lots of primary colors . In other respects too , Fox offered a path back to a vanishing past . Here was a place in which men were firmly in charge , and in which women were valued most for their physical attractiveness . Here was a place in which ethnic minorities appeared only in secondary roles -- and then , with brave exceptions , only to affirm the rightness of the opinions of the white males in the primary roles . Back in the 1970s , students of public opinion had noticed a strange anomaly : in the very years , 1967-1973 , when trust in government , business , the military and organized religion most sharply declined , trust in television rose . Some speculated that TV as an institution had an inherently adversarial relationship to other institutions : TV enhanced its own credibility by denigrating the credibility of everything and everyone that was n't TV . That theory was coded into the DNA of Fox . Here , on this station , the chosen market segment could enjoy security and validation . Out there was depicted a hostile world of threats , danger , crime , and decaying values . In the nearly two decades since the launch of Fox , the average age of the viewers has increased -- and so has their alienation from a country that twice elected Barack Obama to the presidency . Economic prospects have narrowed and darkened for middle-income people . First the stock market , then the housing market , then the gold market bubbled and burst -- taking the savings of the unwary with them . Americans in their 60s have reason to worry about the stability of Social Security and Medicare . New claims on government assistance -- unemployment insurance , health care spending on under-65s -- can be seen as drains on resources that would otherwise flow to the over-65s . The question famously associated with Fox News ' Bill O'Reilly , "  Who 's looking out for you ? " resonates especially powerfully in the ears of the economically anxious elderly in a rapidly changing country . Gabriel Sherman tells eyebrow-raising stories about Roger Ailes . Always a man who kept enemies ' lists , Ailes has -- in Sherman 's account -- succumbed to increasing apprehension as he has gained increasing power . His office is secured with a double set of locked and coded doors . His country home features a panic room . Former employees report being followed and suspect their e-mail has been read . The anxiety that permeates Fox News ' broadcasts emanates authentically from the man at the top . Yet it speaks also to something pervasive in Fox 's audience too . Like talk radio before it , but even more intensely , Fox offered information programmed not as a stream of randomly connected facts , but as a means of self-definition and a refuge from a hostile external reality . Fox is a news medium that functions as a social medium . How this new kind of TV news was built , and at what price , is the story painstakingly narrated by Gabriel Sherman in his indispensable book . What to think of this new kind of information entity is up to you . He only reports . You 'll have to decide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Fox 's Roger Ailes created an information community for a specific demographic He says Fox appeals to an older audience concerned about direction of change in America He says new biography of Ailes shows an anxious network and an anxious audience
CNN  -- Tips continued to pour in Saturday in the disappearance of an 11-year-old New Hampshire girl , but so far none have led to the child , Assistant Attorney General Jane Young said . "  We are looking at those tips . We are honing the investigation based on those tips , " she said . The FBI offered a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to an arrest in the disappearance of Celina Cass , who vanished between 9 p.m. Monday night and the time her parents went to wake her Tuesday morning . Officials said a private citizen is also offering a $ 5,000 reward for information leading to Celina Cass ' return . Dive teams will be brought in Sunday to search area ponds , Young said . About 100 investigators -- including FBI agents , New Hampshire and Vermont state police , local authorities and employees of the state 's Fish and Game Department -- have been searching for Celina door-to-door in the small , tight-knit town of West Stewartstown . "  We are still aggressively , aggressively searching and hoping to bring Celina Cass home , " FBI Supervisory Special Agent Kieran Ramsay said Saturday . Help has come from as far as Virginia -- including from FBI headquarters in Quantico -- Pennsylvania and New York , Young said Celina was last seen in her room , at her computer , at about 9 p.m. Monday night , according to police . CNN affiliate WMUR reported that her parents told authorities the girl was gone when they went to wake her up Tuesday morning . Authorities have offered few further details on the case and an Amber Alert has not been issued . Young said that investigators are looking at computer and phone records , trying to find clues . Celina 's disappearance has rattled many in West Stewartstown , a town along the border with Vermont and Canada with a population of about 1,000 people , according to the state of New Hampshire . Friends and relatives have spent much of the past few days putting up posters and doing what they can to find the girl . Friends have set up a Facebook page , "  Missing Celina Cass , " with one of the fliers serving as a profile picture . According to the flier , Celina is 5 feet 5 inches tall and weighs 95 pounds , with long brown hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a pink shirt , pink pullover and blue shorts .	NEW : Tips pour in , but have not yet led to missing girl , New Hampshire official says Rewards offered for information leading to return of Celina Cass , 11 About 100 federal , state and local investigators are looking for her The girl was last seen at her home on 9 p.m. Monday
Ars Technica  -- Samsung has taken another hit from Apple in Europe , thanks to an appeals court in Germany . The court ruled on Tuesday morning that the Galaxy Tab 7.7 indeed infringes upon Apple 's design patent for the iPad , and banned it from sale across the EU . The Galaxy Tab 10.1 N , however , managed to make its way through the cracks , with the court allowing it to be sold in Germany . The Galaxy Tab 7.7 had already been banned from sale in Germany thanks to a decision from a lower court in late 2011 . At that time , the court treated Samsung Germany as a separate entity from Samsung in Korea ; the latter was able to continue selling the tablet throughout the rest of Europe . Photos surface of a large , early-2000s iPad prototype This was reversed on Tuesday when the Duesseldorf High Court decided that Samsung Germany was instead a local branch of the Korean company , resulting in the EU-wide ban . According to a statement released by the court , the Galaxy Tab 7.7 infringes upon Apple 's registered EU Community Design for the iPad . But Samsung did n't lose entirely . The appeals court also upheld a previous ruling that the Galaxy Tab 10.1 N â $ " the larger of Samsung 's two tablets â $ " had indeed been sufficiently changed from the original Tab 10.1 design , therefore differentiating it enough from the iPad . The original Tab 10.1 had been banned in Germany last year for looking too much like Apple 's iPad Community Design ; Samsung eventually changed the look of the front and slapped an "  N " on the device 's name , qualifying it for sale in Germany . Samsung vowed to continue fighting Apple , despite its win with the Tab 10.1 N. "  Samsung is disappointed with the court 's ruling . We will continue to take all available measures , including legal action , to protect our intellectual property rights and defend against Apple 's claims to ensure our products remain available to consumers throughout the European Union , " the company said in a statement . Samsung tablet ` not cool ' says UK judge Samsung predicts record profit as Galaxy dazzles Review : Nexus 7 is best Android tablet yet COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Appeals court in Germany rules the Galaxy Tab 7.7 infringes on Apple 's iPad patent The tablet is now banned from sale across the European Union The Galaxy Tab 10.1 N is allowed to be sold , however The original Galaxy Tab 10.1 had been banned , so Samsung changed its look
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will unveil Wednesday a package of gun control proposals that , according to a source , will include universal background checks and bans on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines . Obama and Vice President Joe Biden will announce the proposals , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters on Tuesday . They will be joined by a group of children who wrote letters to the president in the aftermath of the December 14 shooting rampage by a lone gunman who killed 20 students and six adults at a Newtown , Connecticut elementary school , Carney said . Obama will propose legislative steps he previously has backed , such as a ban on assault weapons , restrictions on high-capacity ammunition magazines and strengthening federal background checks of people attempting to buy guns , according to Carney . The president also will push for other steps that could include executive actions on his part that do n't require congressional approval , Carney noted . More specifically , the source -- an official familiar with the process -- said the president 's proposal will press for a ban on high capacity magazines with more than 10 rounds , universal background checks and a request that funds be made available to help treat mental illness and provide schools with support to enhance their safety . Biden led a panel assembled by Obama to examine gun control steps after the Newtown shootings , which sparked a fierce public debate over how to prevent such mass killings with guns . Opponents led by the powerful National Rifle Association promise a political fight against gun control measures that they say will violate the constitutional right to bear arms . An NRA spokesman said Tuesday the group has experienced what he called an "  unprecedented " spike in membership numbers since new calls for gun control began in the past month . Approximately 250,000 people have joined the organization 's existing 4.25 million members , according to NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam . "  This is in direct response to the threats and accusations coming from " Obama and other political leaders , Arulanandam said , adding that "  if anyone is wondering if the American people cared about the Second Amendment ... those numbers give a very clear answer . " In addition to new members , the NRA is also receiving an influx of financial contributions , he said . "  This is going to be a very expensive and hard-fought fight , " Arulanandam noted . The federal government estimates that more than 300 million non-military guns are owned or available for purchase in the United States . At the White House , Carney acknowledged the challenge , saying : "  If these things were easy , they would have been achieved already . " "  It 's something we have to do together , " he said . "  It 's something that can not be done by a president alone . It ca n't be done by a single community alone or a mayor or a governor or by Congress alone . We all have to work together . " Carney also reiterated Obama 's belief in the Second Amendment right of citizens to be armed . "  He has made clear that he believes we ought to take common sense , and enact common sense measures that protect Second Amendment rights but prevent people who should not have weapons from obtaining them , " he said . Carney said the proposals Obama will present Wednesday would be his final version of the package recommended by Biden 's team . The recommendations by Biden 's panel included as many as 19 executive actions , such as tougher enforcement of existing laws , legislators briefed by the vice president said Tuesday . Obama could demand that agencies provide data for background checks that are supposed to accompany gun sales , ensuring that information included in the checks is as "  comprehensive and complete as possible , " Democratic Rep. Mike Thompson of California told CNN . The president also could immediately appoint a director of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , which has been without a permanent chief for six years , Thompson said . A Democratic member of Congress who was briefed on the recommendations said some of the 19 executive actions discussed included improving the way the government administers current law . The legislator , speaking on condition of not being identified , cited loopholes in the federal database for background checks on gun sales as well as issues involving mental health checks as possibilities for executive action . Across the country , more than a million people failed background checks to buy guns during the past 14 years because of criminal records , drug use or mental health issues , according to FBI figures . That figure , however , is a small fraction of overall gun sales . None of the legislators mentioned the NRA 's call for armed guards at school as an option under consideration . Obama has not ruled out issuing executive orders on some gun control measures to enforce laws already on the books , such as bolstering the way gun sales are tracked . The president reiterated his desire on Monday for more robust background checks for gun buyers , keeping high capacity magazines away from criminals , and a ban on assault weapons . "  Will all of them get through this Congress ? I do n't know , " Obama said . "  But what 's uppermost in my mind is making sure that I 'm honest with the American people and members of Congress about what I think will work , what I think is something that will make a difference . " Working with Congress will be paramount in curbing gun violence , Thompson said , singling out a ban on high capacity magazines as an example of a measure that could garner Republican support . A full-scale assault weapon ban would be tougher to pass the GOP-controlled House , he argued . Obama also said on Monday that the gun lobby was "  ginning up " fears the federal government will use the Connecticut tragedy to seize Americans ' guns . At least part of the frenzy is little more than marketing , he implied . "  It 's certainly good for business , " the president said , responding to a question about a spike in weapons sales and applications for background checks since the December killings . Biden has said he 's found widespread support for universal background checks and restrictions on the sale of high capacity magazines , which gun control advocates believe contribute to more bloodshed at mass shootings . The influential NRA , among other gun rights groups , has vowed to fight any new gun restrictions -- like an assault weapon ban . Gun control advocates , gun violence victims , the NRA , video game makers and others have met with the Biden-led task force . In New York , Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Tuesday signed into law a series of new gun regulations -- the nation 's first since the Newtown shootings . Both New York 's GOP-controlled Senate and Democrat-controlled Assembly approved the measure by overwhelming margins . It includes a statewide gun registry and adds a uniform licensing standard across the state , altering the current system , in which each county or municipality sets a standard . Residents are also restricted to purchasing ammunition magazines that carry seven bullets , rather than 10 . "  The changes in New York are largely cosmetic , " said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan , who described existing regulations as "  the toughest gun laws in the United States . " Lawmakers in at least 10 other states are reviewing some form of new gun regulations in the new year . Meanwhile , new national polls indicated a majority of Americans support some or most gun control measures . By a 51 % -45 % margin , Americans questioned in a new Pew Research Center poll said it was more important to control gun ownership than to protect gun rights . And by a 52 % -35 % margin , a new ABC News/Washington Post survey indicates the public says it is more likely to support some forms of gun control after last month 's massacre . However , the polls showed continuing divisions on political and gender lines . Mexico watching with interest CNN 's Carol Cratty , Jim Acosta , Paul Steinhauser , David Ariosto and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : Assault weapons ban , universal background checks are part of plan , says official NEW : So is a ban on magazines with more than 10 rounds , the official says Moves are a response to the December massacre at a Connecticut school
OPRAH.com  -- A year ago , writer Lori Gottlieb set off a firestorm -- that 's what Meredith Vieira called it on the "  Today " show -- with an essay in The Atlantic titled "  Marry Him ! " Her argument : If you 're a woman on the cusp of 30 , you should suck it up and settle down with Mr. Good Enough , as waiting for Mr. Right probably means missing out , resigning yourself to a purgatory of depressing dates and meaningless flings until , finally , no one bothers to call anymore because you 're , gulp , too old . In a generation of women coming off the bacchanal of "  Sex and the City " , Gottlieb 's article hit like a horrible hangover . It entered the pantheon of incendiary articles about women and marriage that pop up in every era -- like the outrageous  and later debunked  claim , in Newsweek in 1986 , that a 40-year-old woman was more likely to be killed by a terrorist than marry . Gottlieb 's piece polarized readers . Some said her argument was common sense , that women must confront the biological realities that suggest they 're most marriageable when they 're young and fertile . Other readers said she was telling women to sell out their dreams and shut down their hearts . Oprah.com : 6 love decisions we 've made for you In time for Valentine 's Day , Gottlieb is back , with an entire book devoted to her theory . Part "  The Rules " and part Malcolm Gladwellian sociopop , "  Marry Him : The Case for Settling for Mr. Good Enough " is surprisingly , unnervingly convincing . Gottlieb interviewed an array of experts -- sociologists , behavioral economists , social psychologists , and statisticians -- who presented evidence about why online dating does n't work , what women can really expect when they 're in their 40s  there are only 72 single men for every 100 women in the 45-to-65-year-old demographic , according to a U.S. Census figure she cites  , and why women are fundamentally the choosier sex . "  There are so many really wonderful men out there , men who want commitment , who want to be married , who are attractive and smart and interesting , " Gottlieb says . "  They may not be movie-star attractive , they may be awkward at first , they may not fit our cultural image of who Mr. Right or who Prince Charming is . But we should n't pass them up . Look what happened to me . " What happened to Gottlieb ? Educated and independent , she is gorgeous , vivacious , and sharply witty . She went to Stanford Medical School ; she has written several books , two of which have been optioned by Hollywood . In other words , she is such a fantastic catch that she assumed she would never have to settle , that a Superhusband -- romantic , brilliant , baggage-free -- would emerge from the ether and sweep her into an eternally fulfilling marriage . But , she says , she missed the boat -- several times -- by focusing on potential mates ' flaws and expecting too much . Now 42 , she has a 4-year-old son , courtesy of a sperm donor . "  We are taught as young women in this culture that compromise is a bad word , " she says . "  We tell each other : ` You go , girl . You get the best . You deserve the best . ' It 's not so much narcissism as a false cultural perception of our worth . We want the ten , because we think we 're a ten . But we 're missing the fact that we 're not . Nobody is . Men have flaws , but we have flaws , too . " Oprah.com : What woman learned from dating 100 men Surely , some women will find "  Marry Him " more than a little off-putting . Its subtitle makes the prospect of marriage sound like a life sentence . And sometimes Gottlieb 's call to arms sounds so pragmatic as to be loveless . Readers may also ask , what is an unhappily single woman doing , telling us how and why to get married ? But maybe the question is , who better ? For a woman who once would n't have thought of dating a short man in a bow tie , she has come a long way .  In the book , Gottlieb described dating just such a guy , and you root for the pair , until he moves to Chicago .  She is currently "  accepting invitations from men everywhere , " she says with a laugh . Or as she puts it in the book 's dedication : "  For my husband , whoever you are . " Oprah.com : How  not  to get a man Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	New book makes a case for women being less choosy "  Marry Him : The Case for Settling for Mr. Good Enough " stirring debate Author Lori Gottlieb is 42 and facing challenges of dating
"  It 's even worse than I 'd feared , " Dr. Tom Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Wednesday of the Ebola outbreak rampaging through West Africa . "  Every day this outbreak goes on , it increases the risk for another export to another country . "  The sooner the world comes together to help Liberia and West Africans , the safer we will all be . " Frieden spoke to CNN 's Nima Elbagir in Monrovia , Liberia , where fear and anger over the largest Ebola outbreak on record has grown as health officials put up quarantines around some of the capital city 's poorest areas . More than 2,600 people have been infected by Ebola in Liberia , Guinea , Sierra Leone and Nigeria since the outbreak began in December , according to the World Health Organization . Nearly 1,500 have died . Health care workers at risk A CDC staff member was recently flown home to the United States on a private charter after spending time in close proximity with another health care worker who tested positive for Ebola in Sierra Leone . The CDC worker is reportedly healthy and has shown no symptoms of the deadly virus . He or she is simply rotating back to the United States as previously scheduled , according to the CDC . It is CDC policy that people who have been exposed to Ebola and are traveling long distances do so on a private plane in the three weeks after exposure to lower the risk of spreading the infection . "  We think it 's the right thing to do , to bring them home , " CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said . "  They want to come home . Their tour of duty was up , and we 've made it crystal clear that if they go over there and have something like this happen and want to go home , we 're going to bring them home . " The staff member will be monitored for 21 days -- the longest known incubation period -- for Ebola symptoms , but he or she currently "  poses no Ebola-related risk to friends , family , co-workers , or the public , " the CDC said in a statement . Inside the Ebola outbreak with the CDC The other health care worker , who tested positive for Ebola , has been flown to Germany to recover , Skinner said . The World Health Organization said Monday that 120 health care workers have died in the Ebola outbreak , and twice that number have been infected . Public health experts say several factors are to blame , including a shortage of protective gear and improper use of the gear they do have . The fact that the disease has killed so many people working to care for infected patients is making it increasingly hard to combat the virus in West Africa , WHO said . "  It depletes one of the most vital assets during the control of any outbreak . WHO estimates that in the three hardest-hit countries , only one to two doctors are available to treat 100,000 people , and these doctors are heavily concentrated in urban areas . " Another outbreak On Tuesday , the Ministry of Health for the Democratic Republic of Congo notified WHO of another possible Ebola outbreak . Health officials say a woman in the Central African country became ill with symptoms of Ebola after butchering a bush animal that had been given to her by her husband . She died on August 11 . Since then health care workers , relatives and other individuals who came in contact with her body have developed symptoms and died . Between July 28 and August 18 , a total of 24 suspected cases of an unidentified hemorrhagic fever , including 13 deaths , have been identified , WHO said . Samples have been sent to laboratories to confirm that these illnesses are being caused by the Ebola virus and to identify the strain . As none of the people involved has been to the four countries affected by the other Ebola epidemic , health officials believe this to be a separate outbreak . The Democratic Republic of Congo has seen six smaller Ebola outbreaks since the 1970s , according to the CDC . Your questions about Ebola answered What happens when you survive Ebola ?	More than 2,600 people have been infected by Ebola in West Africa The Ebola outbreak has killed nearly 1,500 CDC staff member flown home after coming in close proximity with infected worker CDC staffer is healthy and showing no signs of Ebola virus
EW.com  -- As Tony Soprano once said , " ` Remember when ' is the lowest form of conversation . " Sadly , onetime wunderkind Nas falls into that trap on his 10th album . Given his bitter 2010 divorce from Kelis  that 's her wedding dress on the cover  , the millions he owes in back taxes , and the diminishing returns since his game-changing 1994 debut , "  Illmatic , " it 's no wonder he 'd rather live in the past . Too many tracks here recount his salad days in the era " before Air Jordans . " EW.com : Nas and Amy Winehouse 's ` Cherry Wine ' Still , "  Life Is Good 's " better moments , like the languid Amy Winehouse collab " Cherry Wine , " manage to give his classics a run for their money â $ " even if that money 's going straight to the IRS anyway . B - Best tracks Cherry Wine The Don See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Life is Good " is Nas 's 10th album . Nas went through a divorce from singer Kelis in 2010 . The album "  Illmatic " was Nas 's debut in 1994 , and since he 's had diminishing returns .
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The Obama administration 's first high-level direct talks with North Korea yielded no promise by Pyongyang to return to six-party negotiations aimed at ending its nuclear program , but Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Thursday nonetheless called the meeting "  quite positive . " In Washington , Clinton said she agreed with special envoy Stephen Bosworth that the talks were "  very useful , " adding , "  It does remain to be seen whether and when the North Koreans will return to the six-party talks , but the bottom line is that these were exploratory talks , not negotiations . " North Korea has refused to return to the talks conducted by the United States , Russia , China , South Korea and Japan , insisting that it wants to talk directly with the U.S. . In April , Pyongyang declared the talks "  dead " in anger over international criticism of its nuclear and missile tests this year . Clinton previously said the United States was willing to meet bilaterally with North Korea but only within the framework of the six-party talks . She also has warned the United States will not normalize ties with Pyongyang or lift sanctions unless North Korea takes irreversible steps toward dismantling its nuclear program . Of his three-day visit , Bosworth said , "  My purpose ... was to facilitate the resumption of the six-party talks and to reaffirm the goal of fully implementing the September 2005 joint statement . " Holding a news conference Thursday in Seoul after his visit to North Korea , Bosworth said , "  I communicated President Obama 's view that complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula is a fundamental undertaking of the six-party process ... and that the absence of progress on denuclearization is an obstacle to improving our relations . " As Obama "  has made it clear , the United States is prepared to work with allies , partners in the region to offer ... North Korea a different future , " he said . Bosworth said he held talks with North Korean officials , but not President Kim Jong Il , because "  we did not ask " for a meeting with the leader . He said they did not make plans for a future meeting . Many observers are wondering what 's behind the North 's latest moves , and some said Bosworth 's trip is a positive . "  The visit gives North Korea a lot of ` face , ' a sense of importance , " said Wenran Jiang , political science professor at the University of Alberta in Canada . Some analysts said North Korea might be trying to buy time . Earlier reports in Seoul claimed that North Korea is in the final stages of restoring its Yongbyon nuclear plant , which Pyongyang had begun to disable before walking away from the six-party talks . Given the secrecy of the North , those reports could not be verified . Analysts said North Korea also is desperate to break out of its diplomatic isolation and ease its economic pain , especially after the U.N. Security Council imposed tougher sanctions on the country in response to Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile tests . A joint statement issued by the six-party nations in September 2005 said North Korea had "  committed to abandoning all nuclear weapons and existing nuclear programs . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Hillary Clinton describes North Korean talks as "  very useful " Envoy Stephen Bosworth is first Obama administration official to hold direct talks with North North Korea abandoned six-party talks in April after criticism over nuclear tests U.S. says it 's unclear if North will return to six-party talks
Chicago  CNN  -- Blair Brettschneider did n't experience war or genocide as a young girl in suburban Michigan . She has never received a death threat , and she has never seen a family member murdered . But the 49 teenagers she helps every week have . Brettschneider , 24 , runs GirlForward , a nonprofit that provides support to young female refugees who have been resettled in the Chicago area . "  Mostly , they are just normal teenage girls . We talk about celebrities and movies and books , " Brettschneider said . "  But then at the same time , a lot of them have lost parents who 've been killed . They 've seen bombs in their city . They 've lost people to disease and grown up in really dire conditions . " And when they arrive in America , often from war-torn places such as Iraq , Ivory Coast and Myanmar , they face major challenges in building their new lives . "  It 's hard enough to be a teenage girl in the United States . ... It 's even harder to be a refugee teenage girl , " Brettschneider said . "  Girls are , along with the rest of their family , learning the language , adjusting to a new culture , trying to get used to school . At the same time , they are usually in charge of taking care of their siblings or grandparents . They have to translate all the mail that comes , any bills , help go to doctors ' appointments . " GirlForward mentors these young refugees to help them adapt to their new surroundings , and it teaches them the skills they need to become successful , independent young women and productive members of society . All of the girls in the program are in the country legally , Brettschneider said . Most arrived with their families through the Office of Refugee Resettlement , a government agency that offers assistance to refugees of special humanitarian concern . Many of the families have fled religious or ethnic persecution , sometimes even torture . Brettschneider first saw how hard it is for young teenage refugees when she worked with Domi , a girl who came to the United States at 16 . Because of war , Domi and her family fled the Democratic Republic of Congo when she was 3 . She lived in a Tanzanian refugee camp along with her six siblings and her mother until they moved to America . But when Domi arrived , she did n't know the language , and she struggled to adjust to her new surroundings . "  It was so cold . I did n't have a jacket , " said Domi , now 20 and attending college . "  I did n't speak English . I could n't talk to other friends . ... I was sad , angry , freaked out . " Domi desperately needed extra help in school , as well , and that 's when she met Brettschneider , who was volunteering as a tutor with an organization called RefugeeOne . Brettschneider had been interested in helping refugees since she 'd been involved with the Save Darfur movement in high school , and she started working with the group after college . But because of Domi 's domestic responsibilities , it was hard to meet consistently . "  She always got there really late and had to leave early to go home and cook dinner and take care of her younger siblings , " Brettschneider said . "  So I asked if I could start tutoring her at home . " Brettschneider began making house calls to help Domi , even using her own money to take her out for fun . "  We went to the Museum of Science and Industry , the Shedd Aquarium ; she asked me if people eat the fish , which I will always remember , " Brettschneider said . "  Early on , she really had n't been to many restaurants , and she was really nervous about it . ... We also went to the movies and to see  the musical  ` Hair ' when it came to Chicago . " As they spent more time together , Brettschneider realized that Domi had dreams and passions but no idea how to make them a reality . "  Domi wanted to be a nurse , but  she  did n't know what that meant or how to get there , " Brettschneider said . "  There 's just so much that you grow up with in the United States that you do n't even think about having to learn , like , ` What is college ? What is a community college ? What is financial aid ? ' " Brettschneider realized there were so many other girls like Domi . So in 2011 , she used a $ 2,000 gift from her grandparents to launch a support group for refugee teens . She started with about 10 people , and the group quickly grew into what GirlForward is today . The nonprofit offers educational programs and job training to the girls , as well as a summer camp with field trips and fun activities . Brettschneider often brings in guest speakers , such as nurses and financial advisers , who can bring practical knowledge to the girls . "  We had people from a bank come and talk to girls about financial literacy , " Brettschneider said . "  This was informal , like what savings is and why it 's important . " It 's programs like these , as well as Brettschneider 's hands-on touch , that make her group appealing for families , many of whom are unaccustomed to promoting girls ' education and independence . She even visits families at home to discuss the details of the group in person . "  In the beginning , sometimes families are skeptical of what we 're doing , " Brettschneider said . "  But we 've seen parents really come on board and like that the girls are coming here , because they learn important things about safety and they make friends . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes One of Brettschneider 's early initiatives was to provide each girl with her own mentor to work with their individual needs . By October , she will have 20 pairs . These one-on-one relationships can be a valuable source of information and emotional support . "  My mentor and I go to new places to learn about new cultures , " said 15-year-old Sara , whose family fled Iraq . "  She also helps me learn about transportation . We go do fun activities , but she also helps me when I have school projects . " Sara said meeting the other girls has been incredibly helpful , too , because of the common bond they share . "  We talk about new movies , shopping , stuff like that , " she said . "  But we also talk about some of the stuff we go through here every day , how we miss our home and what we would like to be in the future . " The group 's headquarters -- a cozy and colorful office space -- has become a place the girls can call home . "  They often are sharing bedrooms with grandparents , younger siblings , " Brettschneider said . "  And this is a place where you can come and relax and read a book or use the computer and , you know , be around girls your own age . " Brettschneider said it 's inspiring to watch the girls learn and grow . Ultimately , she wants to help them enjoy their new lives and fulfill all of their dreams . "  It is really important that the girls be able to go to college , but that 's not just the one goal , " she said . "  It 's also about making friends and learning how to adjust to a new city and doing all these other things . "  What I see is what all of the girls can accomplish and everything that they can do -- and that 's really why all of this exists . " Want to get involved ? Check out the GirlForward website and see how to help .	Young refugees can find it difficult to adapt to their new life in the United States Girls must often take care of their families while learning English , going to school Blair Brettschneider , 24 , has made it her mission to help them succeed Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
"  Edward , " "  Elizabeth " and "  Chris " are pseudonyms . CNN agreed to change the names to protect the family 's privacy . Look for their story this weekend on CNN . Mother and son clutch hands , describing abuse by a man who said he attended a Florida reform school . MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- "  Elizabeth " and "  Chris " have never been to Marianna , Florida . But Marianna came to them -- and stayed . They say they lived with a man whose tortured past brought them a lifetime of pain . It goes back 50 years , to a man CNN is calling "  Edward , " who claimed to his family that he attended a Florida reform school in Marianna in the early 1960 's . Edward told his wife and son that he was regularly beaten and sexually abused and once was ordered by guards to shoot at classmates at the school . They say the school turned Edward into an angry , violent , alcoholic man who beat them in the same way that he was beaten as a child at the school . "  We were the ripple ... effect of their abuse on my husband , his abuse on us , " Elizabeth said , her eyes brimming with tears . "  If they had n't done to him what they did , he never would have done what he did to me , which shaped my whole life , " she said . "  The way he felt so unloved , like he had been thrown away , the anger , the hurt all the time , the drinking , " she explained . "  The abuse that we went through . " "  I 'd like the people that did it to pay for it , " Chris said . "  To be honest , I 'd like to do it myself . " Through the years , they never believed Edward 's story , but recent news reports that detailed claims of abuse at the reform school have made it easier , they say , to stop blaming themselves . "  I just kind of wrote it off as , he was looking for sympathy from me , for what he had done , and tried to explain it away to me so I would n't be mad , " Elizabeth said . In December , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist ordered an investigation into recent allegations that more than 30 crosses on the school grounds might mark the remains of boys killed at the school during the 1950s and '60s . Former students , now in their 60s , have alleged that they were beaten and sexually abused . Some of their classmates suddenly disappeared , they said . Many of the victims believe that those missing students are buried under more than 30 white crosses on the reform school property . The state investigation is partly to determine who might be buried here . Elizabeth and Chris are part of the cycle of pain that may turn out to be the reform school 's legacy . Elizabeth met Edward shortly after he left the Florida School for Boys . He was 15 then , still a bit of a rebel . "  He wore the leather coat ... and we just kind of clicked , " Elizabeth said . "  He always seemed to be sad , and I just thought I could help him . " After they married -- she was 20 and Edward 22 -- the physical abuse began . He had a temper , she said , and one day he beat her and kicked her in the face . That 's when Elizabeth heard her first story about the Florida School for Boys . Her husband told her about a time when a friend had to pluck out fabric from his underwear after it became embedded in his skin during a beating , she said . CNN has spoken to five men who attended the Florida School for Boys , and all of them tell similar stories of school administrators forcing the boys to lay face-down on the bed as they swung a long leather strap down upon the boys . Four men are part of a survivors ' organization known as the White House Boys . They are named after the small white cement building on the property where , they claim , the beatings took place . Chris says that discovering what happened at the school explained a lot but did n't excuse it . "  When I was reading the stories on the Web site , the way that they used to beat them kids , -LSB- it 's -RSB- what he used to do to me , " Chris recalled . "  He 'd make me lay face-down on the bed and grab the head of the bed , and if I 'd move , he 'd start over again , " he said . Chris said his father beat him seven or eight times like this . He was 12 years old when the beatings started . "  I do n't see how he would have done this to his child after it was done to him , " Chris said . "  And I 've hated him for many years for it . " Edward died in 1983 . His family says he drank himself to death . With months to live , Chris says , his father would sometimes wake him in the middle of the night . He says he knew his dad was drinking , but one night , his father told him he was forced by school administrators to fire a gun at other boys . "  They made him line up outside of a fence and said that when they turn the lights on , to shoot whoever was at the fence , " Chris said . "  When they turned the lights on , there was some black kids trying to get out of the fence , and they gave my dad a .22 rifle . " Chris said his father told him he shot one of the boys in the face . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is the lead agency investigating what happened at the school . The agency will not comment on the story Edward told his son . State officials wo n't confirm that Edward even attended the Florida School for Boys , citing the ongoing inquiry . Through a spokesman , Florida Secretary of Juvenile Justice Frank Peterman released this statement : "  Our hearts go out to these men for the alleged incidents they claim to have endured , and we fully support the FDLE investigation into this matter . It would be inappropriate for me to comment further until the investigation has been completed . " But no investigation will make their lives whole again , Elizabeth and Chris say . Marianna changed Edward , and Edward changed them . "  It 's shaped my whole life from the time I was 20 years old , and I 'm 60 now , so it 's shaped how I feel about everything , " Elizabeth said . Chris said he ca n't get close to anyone but his mom . He admits that , like his father , he has struggled with alcohol and bouts of nearly uncontrollable anger . "  I carry rage around me all the time . I try not to go anywhere , 'cause any time I go anywhere , I try not to tear somebody 's head off . ... I 'm so angry all the time , " he said . "  I ca n't deal with people very well , " he acknowledged .	"  Edward " told family he was physically , sexually abused at reform school Family did n't believe his stories until investigation of Florida School for Boys Florida Department of Law Enforcement looking into allegations
Washington  CNN  -- Bush administration lawyers who wrote "  torture " memos have been cleared of allegations of professional misconduct after a Justice Department internal investigation , which recommends no legal consequences for their actions . The report by the Justice Department concludes the high-ranking lawyers who developed controversial legal guidance on waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques may have exercised poor judgment , but not professional misconduct . The conclusion resulted from a decision by top career Justice Department executive David Margolis to reverse a recommendation of investigators that found the two lawyers ' legal memos did constitute professional misconduct . That tentative conclusion , which was overruled by Margolis , said the lawyers should be referred to their state bar associations for potential disbarment . But in the final report , the examination of the legal guidance written by Justice Department lawyers John Yoo and Jay Bybee found they did not constitute a professional breach that could have led to state disbarment . The report by the Justice Department ethics office , called the Office of Professional Responsibility , also examined and cleared attorney Steven Bradbury . He headed the Office of Legal Counsel , which provided legal guidance to the executive branch during President George W. Bush 's second term . The often-delayed release of the report came late Friday after it was sent to lawmakers on the House and Senate Judiciary committees , who made the findings public . In addition to the content itself , the constantly delayed release of the politically sensitive report had become an issue . Issuance of the report was repeatedly postponed for more than a year , prompting lawmakers and civil liberties groups to press for publication of the investigation 's findings . In November , Holder told Congress the report would be made public "  by the end of the month . " Reaction to the Justice Department investigation largely fell along party lines , with liberal Democrats unhappy with the conclusions , and highlighting criticism of the Bush Administration lawyers . "  While the report concludes the lawyers did not breach their minimal professional obligations , I certainly hold top lawyers at the Justice Department -RSB- to a higher standard than that , as all Americans should , " said Rep. John Conyers , D-Michigan . Conyers , who chairs the House Judiciary Committee focused on the lawyers ' "  poor judgments , " and said , "  Today 's report makes plain that those memos were legally flawed and fundamentally unsound . " Meanwhile , conservative lawmakers applauded the decision not to recommend action against the Bush administration officials who proposed enhanced interrogation techniques . "  It is important that future government lawyers know that their efforts to protect Americans will not be criminalized by future administrations , " said Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee . "  We know that the decision of these attorneys to approve enhanced interrogation tactics in the wake of 9/11 saved lives , " he declared .	DoJ : No professional misconduct by lawyers who wrote "  torture memos " Conclusion reversed recommended referral of lawyers for disbarment John Yoo and Jay Bybee developed legal guidance on enhanced interrogation Also cleared was Steven Bradbury , who headed the Office of Legal Counsel
CNN  -- Rail riders along the California coast and the Boston-Washington "  Northeast Corridor " are set to reap much of the benefits from $ 2 billion that Florida policymakers had earlier rejected for high-speed rail development . The Obama administration on Monday announced the reallocated funding , part of its push to spur environmentally friendly transportation and modernize the nation 's infrastructure that 's supported partly by the 2009 economic stimulus package . Fifteen states and Amtrak will receive the money to back 22 high-speed intercity passenger rail projects . Among other things , the funds will be used to improve speed and service in the Northeast , add faster rail lines in the Midwest and help spur more efficient train service between Los Angeles and San Francisco . Nearly $ 300 million will be spent to reduce major delays for trains coming in and out of Manhattan -- the nation 's busiest passenger rail junction . Within the next four years , high-speed rail advocate Petra Todorovich estimated trains between New York and Philadelphia will routinely move at 160 mph because of a host of upgrades aimed at improving "  train speeds , capacity and reliability . " While billed as new funding , the money actually is previously pledged funds being directed to new recipients . Soon after taking office , Florida Gov. Rick Scott cited expected cost overruns and long-term operating costs for his call to block federal funding for an 84-mile-long high-speed rail line that would link Tampa and Orlando . Days after the Florida Supreme Court issued a ruling that allowed the Republican government to reject the federal money , the U.S. Transportation Department opened up a process to solicit fresh bids from other states and entities . It is all part of the $ 53 billion that the White House has proposed spending over the next six years to promote high-speed rail -- an initiative facing a chilly reception in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives . "  President Obama and I made a commitment to improve and expand America 's transportation system , " Vice President Joe Biden said in a statement . These new investments "  will continue our progress toward making this vision a reality . " Biden , a regular Amtrak commuter between his home state of Delaware and Washington during his 36 years in the Senate , is known as a leading supporter of federally supported rail travel . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , on hand at New York 's Penn Station for the announcement , insisted the funds will "  help states across the country create jobs , spur economic development and boost manufacturing in their communities . " Obama said in January 's State of the Union address that he was setting a goal of giving 80 % of Americans access to high-speed rail within 25 years . The stimulus act has provided about $ 10.1 billion toward Obama 's goal so far , according to the Transportation Department . "  By 2050 , the United States will be home to 100 million additional people -- the equivalent of another California , Texas , New York and Florida combined , " LaHood noted . "  We simply can not build enough highways and airports to accommodate this growth . " Supporters insist the emphasis on faster rail transportation is a necessary investment in the country 's economic competitiveness . Critics contend it 's little more than a massive boondoggle that is contributing to skyrocketing federal deficits while providing few proven benefits over the long term . Scott 's decision this winter to reject what eventually worked out to $ 2 billion in federal funding for the Orlando-to-Tampa plan surprised a number of observers . This came after the Obama administration pulled another $ 1.2 billion in funding from Ohio and Wisconsin after their newly elected GOP governors vowed to kill high-speed rail projects that were under way . LaHood portrayed those cases Monday as relatively rare exceptions , noting that the Transportation Department received $ 10 billion worth of requests for the $ 2 billion available . "  Who says America does not have a pent-up demand ? " he asked . Amtrak officials note that they set a new annual ridership record of more than 28 million passengers for the last fiscal year . Regardless , the new spending makes little sense at the current time , according to Sam Staley , an analyst at the Reason Foundation , a libertarian-oriented Los Angeles-based think tank . The administration "  seems to be completely deaf to the real concerns about whether this is a well thought out program , " Staley told CNN . "  There are so many other transportation needs that are going unfunded , including just bring existing transit systems up to a good state of repair . " "  I do n't see how anyone looking at the numbers can say that high-speed rail is going to be a primary driver of economic growth " in the regions targeted by the new money , Staley said . "  What it will do is supplement the existing transportation network and serve a very targeted niche of that market . But it 's not going to be a broad-based transportation solution . " Todorovich , the director of the urban planning initiative America 2050 , said she believed critics would continue to target the rail initiative because it is "  one of Obama 's signature initiatives . " But she believes such efforts run counter to the needs and wants of policymakers and citizens nationwide who want such infrastructure projects to go forward -- even if that 's not true in Florida . "  This  announcement helps to restore public confidence in the program , as we see that many states around the country are ready to put Florida 's unwanted funding to use , " she said . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report	NEW : Obama administration gives out $ 2 billion for high-speed rail projects NEW : This comes after Florida authorities reject $ 2 billion for an Orlando-to-Tampa line Obama wants 80 % of Americans to have access to high-speed rail within 25 years Critics contend the project is wasteful and will do little to boost economic competitiveness
San Diego , California  CNN  -- American humorist Will Rogers once said , "  I 'm not a member of any organized political party . I 'm a Democrat . " The old saying goes that , come election time , Republicans fall in line and Democrats fall apart . The tradition in the GOP has been that , if you ran for president and came up short -- Ronald Reagan in 1976 , George H.W. Bush in 1980 , John McCain in 2000 , Mitt Romney in 2008 -- next time , it would be your turn . Among Democrats , it was a free-for-all . Hillary Clinton was thought to have a lock on the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination , but Barack Obama had other ideas . That 's how it has long been in our politics . Republicans were the party of order , Democrats were prone to chaos . No more . In 2013 , the Democrats seem pretty well organized . All of them eyeing the presidency -- New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , et al. -- seem to be waiting to see what Hillary Clinton will do in 2016 before announcing their intentions . Last week , in Washington , Clinton even had a cordial lunch with an old friend who she ran against once and may run against once more -- Vice President Joe Biden . Five things we 're learning from Christie-Paul spat Meanwhile , Republicans are engaged in a series of messy food fights . You have Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas vs. Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida over immigration ; New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie vs. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky over domestic surveillance and the cost of preventing terrorism ; Paul vs. Sen. John McCain of Arizona over whether the Kentucky senator would -- if he ran for president -- be preferable to Hillary Clinton ; Rubio vs. the GOP establishment over defunding Obamacare ; and Cruz vs. well , just about everybody over just about everything . The result is a battle royal with four or five slugfests going on at once . A few of them stick out as noteworthy . Rubio poked at fellow Republicans -- particularly those in the establishment -- for not being tougher on President Barack Obama 's top domestic accomplishment , asking : "  If we 're not willing to fight on Obamacare , what issue are we willing to fight on ? " Cruz continued that theme when -- in comments that got him in hot water with liberals and conservatives -- he accused fellow Republicans of being part of a "  surrender caucus " because of their reluctance to buck the tide . And at least one GOP scuffle -- the one between Christie and Paul -- is downright nasty . Christie started it when he criticized Paul 's vocal opposition to warrantless federal surveillance programs , saying it hurt efforts to thwart terrorism . He sanctimoniously invited opponents to "  come to New Jersey and sit across from the widows and the orphans and have that conversation . " Paul was n't in the mood for a lecture . He dismissed the attacks from Christie as "  kind of cheap and sad " and suggested that if the governor "  cared about protecting this country , maybe he would n't be in this ` give me , give me , give me all of the money '  mindset  that you have in Washington . " Christie was n't in the mood to be scolded . He suggested Paul "  start cutting the pork barrel spending that he brings home to Kentucky . " Although , Christie said , he doubted that would happen because "  most Washington politicians only care about bringing home the bacon so that they can get re-elected . " Then Paul went for the knockout . "  This is the king of bacon talking about bacon , " he said incredulously during an interview on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " He clarified : "  You know , we have two military bases in Kentucky . What does he want to do , shut down military bases in Kentucky ? " I guarantee that given Christie 's struggle to lose weight , most Americans wo n't think of military bases when they hear that a fellow Republican dubbed him "  the king of bacon . " What 's a food fight without bacon flying through the air ? Some of this conflict was inevitable . Politics is a contact sport , and it always has been . This is how parties behave when they 're out of power and looking for a way to get back in . It 's also how politicians behave when -- after their party suffers a string of losses -- they try to whip up the special sauce that allows them to finally rack up a victory . Democrats did the same thing after losing three presidential elections in a row -- 1980 , 1984 , 1988 . Along came a handsome , young governor from Arkansas with a staggering amount of ambition , and he decided that the way to break the curse was to market himself as a "  new Democrat , " which we came to understand meant more pragmatic and more moderate . Still , what we 're seeing from Republicans is n't just politics as usual . There is nothing wrong with a little conflict and soul-searching to recalibrate what a party stands for between elections . But this has gotten awfully rough . Warring parties could find it hard to forgive and forget when they need to close ranks against the Democrats . This is n't like the political tussles of old . The elbows are sharper . The attacks more personal . The insults more pointed . It 's not just that these folks disagree with someone 's ideas and tactics ; in some cases , it 's clear that they really do n't like that person . So when they butt heads , the goal is n't just to defeat their opponent but to destroy him . If this keeps up , do n't be surprised if voters decide in 2016 to keep these kindergarteners in their sandbox and far away from the White House . As well they should . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Traditionally , Democrats have been the party of internal feuds Now the Republicans seem badly split , with top figures sniping at each other , he says Chris Christie and Rand Paul traded barbs ; Ted Cruz , Marco Rubio also attacking Navarrette : Republicans are n't demonstrating that they have presidential stature
The day before Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned in May , nearly 25 senators signed a letter calling for him to step down amid a widening scandal over delayed medical care for vets . In the weeks before that , lawmaker after outraged lawmaker rose to denounce systemic problems at the sprawling agency that provides medical and other care to more than 8.5 million veterans . Reports of "  cooked books , " dying patients on waiting lists , and a warped management culture made headlines . Spearheaded by CNN reporting , the latest news was certainly troubling and upped the stakes in Washington amid a midterm year . It was high drama and members of Congress were in the thick of a political firestorm and some people were even pointing fingers at them . Facing voters in November , they needed to act , and fast . Up went the rhetorical fever , down went Shinseki and in went reform-minded proposals to hire more doctors and nurses and build more medical facilities . The estimated cost -- $ 35 billion over 10 years . Passage was uncommonly swift and bipartisan in both houses with promises to quickly negotiate a final version . Veterans neglected for years in VA facility , report says Oddly functional A Congress infamous for its legislative dysfunction was oddly functional . Vets could get care outside the VA under bill passed by House "  It 's very clear the status quo is not acceptable and it 's time for real change , " House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller said at a recent hearing . While the step was dramatic , serious shortcomings at the VA were nothing new to Washington , including Congress . Complaints of delayed care were well known for years , although not all of the alarming issues raised in the most recent controversy were apparent over that time . Still , investigations were launched , reports written , and hearings held . Congress took some action , but what came about did not fully address historic health care deficiencies at the agency . This all now raises fresh questions about congressional responsibilities for holding agencies accountable . Audit : More than 120,000 veterans waiting or never got care The role of Congress Difficulties accessing care "  is something that goes way back as long as I can remember , " said Rick Weidman , executive director of policy and government affairs at Vietnam Veterans of America . Congress attempted to address a host of issues plaguing the VA in the 1990s . Those reforms improved some functions and the delivery of medical care . But more difficulty in assessing care was an unfortunate consequence of those steps . The VA scrambled to meet a requirement that no veteran wait longer than 30 days for care . The mandate was already demanding for a beleaguered VA , but Congress also required that more veterans and more benefits be covered . Subsequent GAO reports found that the agency was not able to improve health care wait times and the situation actually became worse . Lawmakers also were generous in allocating services for veterans and even gave the VA every dime it asked for . But that did n't seem to help either . Wait times continued to rise . Peter Shuck , Yale Law School professor and author of "  Why Government Fails so Often and How It Can Do Better , " said Congress could have been more effective . "  Congress  has failed to exercise effective oversight to require the agency to handle its caseload more efficiently , " Michael O'Hanlon with the Brookings Institution also said lawmakers could have pushed the agency to modernize its records more quickly and instituted more robust staff reviews . Difficult to oversee But Miller , who has chaired the veterans committee since 2011 and pressed for the most recent legislation , said the VA has lied "  over and over again , " making it difficult to oversee . Weidman said the VA has not been forthcoming with the Veterans Affairs Committee over the years , which complains it is still being stonewalled on its requests for information . The past five years have been the "  least transparent the VA has ever been , " Weidman said . Miller agreed . In a letter to Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson , he accused it of stonewalling or "  have possibly tried to mislead " Congress . He outlined three instances in which the VA has not provided information to Congress . He is not alone . At least two Democrats have lobbed similar assertions , including Hawaii Rep. Tulsi Gabbard , accusing the director of the Pacific Islands Health Care System of being "  dishonest " and lacking competence . Alex Nicholson , legislative director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , defended Congress . He said oversight committees , especially in the House , have done a good job probing the problems but the VA has been uncooperative . "  You ca n't know what you do n't know , " Nicholson said . "  When agency gives you false information and lies to you then it 's hard to do oversight . " The VA said it is cooperating fully with Miller 's panel , which continues to investigate as is the agency 's inspector general and the FBI . "  VA respects Congress ' important oversight role and is committed to providing timely and accurate information , " spokeswoman Gina Jackson said in a statement . Acting VA leader : Changes start with getting veterans appointment Questions about VA finances Veterans groups also estimate the VA also stumbled on its finances , saying it needed at least 12 % more money than it sought over the past five years for medical care . They said the VA did not account for all of the services it provides , especially for veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and that it used overly optimistic efficiency projections that did not produce anticipated savings . VA officials would not comment on questions about its budget . But Miller said lack of money is not the problem . "  If money was the solution , then the problems would have been solved a long time ago , " he said . To its credit , noted by many amid the current uproar , the VA has moved under pressure to reduce the number of homeless veterans and benefit backlogs -- key Shinseki legacies . The practical realities of politics are also to blame for inadequate action . While the Republican-led House has been much more active in passing legislation on a variety of veterans ' issues and the Democratic-led Senate has done less , institutional structures is partly to blame . In the House , Republicans can easily pass bills on its agenda despite objection from the minority . Not so in the Senate , where rules give enormous power to individual members to block legislation . And in the overwhelmingly partisan climate , the Senate is where bills go to die , even proposals to help veterans . That happened on a major piece of legislation this past winter . A $ 20 billion plan to address a host of veterans ' issues went nowhere over Republican objections on how to pay for it -- a common GOP stand on federal spending proposals . In light of the latest accusations , however , Congress has acted swiftly , passing VA legislation that includes a series of reforms . But many say it still does n't go far enough . VA crisis : Solutions exist but have n't happened , panel hears Veterans groups have provided a series of proposals to immediately address the care backlog , including shifting all trained clinicians into direct provider positions and immediately triage all veterans seeking care . Dr. Robert Jesse , a top official in the VA health administration , acknowledged the need for major changes even beyond what Congress has just done . "  Today we really need to be looking at the entire structure of the organization to move forward . We really need to examine everything , " he said on Thursday at Miller 's hearing . Some conservative and business quarters suggest privatizing medical services or at least opening them up to outside examination of organization and structure . But Weidman said fixing the VA is a lot like an onion -- so many layers . "  And it ai n't sweet like a Vidalia , " he said . FBI launches criminal prove of VA	Problems plaguing the VA health system have been ongoing for years Government reports informed Congress about the depth of problems Congressional efforts to address issues were mostly inadequate House and Senate passed new VA legislation that requires final negotiation
CNN  -- Hezbollah denounced the European Union 's decision to list its military wing as a terrorist organization , calling the move "  aggressive and imbalanced . " The Iranian-backed Lebanese Shiite group is already viewed as a terrorist organization by the United States and Israel . In recent months , it has joined forces with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in that country 's ongoing civil war . Hezbollah issued a statement Tuesday saying the EU 's decision Monday was "  written by American hands using Israeli ink " and that "  all  that  was left for the Europeans to do was to sign the document and approve the legislation . " Lebanese Prime Minister Najib Mikati said he hoped that the European Union had read data and facts about Hezbollah more thoroughly before making the decision , the state-run National News Agency reported . The report did not specify what data about Hezbollah the prime minister was referring to . Hezbollah leader acknowledges fighters ' presence in Syria town The EU move The European Union agreed to target just the military component , a European diplomat told CNN . Critics of such an approach say designating part of an entity is n't effective or practical . But Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni 's spokeswoman called the decision "  correct and just , " adding that it "  puts an end to the wrong argument " that Hezbollah 's military activities are absolved by the group 's political status . "  Even if Hezbollah is a political party , that does not whitewash and make legitimate their terrorist activities , " the spokeswoman said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the move "  will have a significant impact on Hezbollah 's ability to operate freely in Europe by enabling European law enforcement agencies to crack down on Hezbollah 's fundraising , logistical activity and terrorist plotting . " "  As Hezbollah has deepened its support for the brutal Assad regime and worked to expand its global reach through increased involvement in international criminal schemes and terrorist plots around the world , a growing number of governments are recognizing Hezbollah as the dangerous and destabilizing terrorist organization that it is , " Kerry said . The Syrian National Coalition , an affiliation of Syrian dissident groups , praised the EU 's move -- but said the group could do more . "  We urge the European Union to extend their decision to include all of Hezbollah political officials who are part of the decision making " of the party 's military wing , the SNC said in a statement Tuesday . The SNC also called for "  the trial of all of Hezbollah 's officials for their crimes of terrorism committed against our Syrian people and on our soil . " Donilon : Hezbollah not a ` responsible political actor ' Hezbollah was formed after Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982 to go after the Palestine Liberation Organization . The group has been accused of high-profile terror attacks over the years . Opinion : Time for G8 to make Hezbollah statement "  Hezbollah first gained notoriety in 1983 after it bombed the United States Embassy in Beirut -- an attack that killed 63 people , " wrote Tom Donilon , President Barack Obama 's former national security adviser , in a New York Times column this year . "  Shortly thereafter , Hezbollah bombed the American and French Marine Barracks in Beirut , killing 241 Americans and 58 French service members with one of the largest explosive devices ever detonated during a terrorist attack . " The group also conducted a series of kidnappings , airplane hijackings and bombings in the 1980s and 1990s , Donilon wrote . He said the group has tried to portray itself as a political entity focused on social services and defending the country . "  But it is an illusion to speak of Hezbollah as a responsible political actor , " Donilon said . "  Hezbollah remains a terrorist organization and a destabilizing force across the Middle East . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Hezbollah : The EU 's decision was "  written by American hands using Israeli ink " The Lebanese Shiite group has been supporting the Syrian regime A Syrian opposition group says praises the EU 's decision but says it can go further Kerry : The move will allow European agencies to crack down on Hezbollah 's fundraising
Fresh off his Senate floor speech against arming Syrian rebels , Sen. Rand Paul shifted gears Thursday night to lambast the current state of police militarization in the United States , especially when it comes to the war on drugs . The Kentucky Republican told a libertarian-leaning audience in Alexandria , Virginia that police sometimes direct their focus on the wrong crimes . "  You want your police to be aggressive , " he said . "  But if someone 's got some pot , you want to break down the door at two in the morning with masks and gas and concussion grenades ? " Paul was speaking to the Liberty Political Action Conference , where moments before his speech he was on stage with his father , former Rep. Ron Paul , to deliver a scholarship award . It was a rare dual appearance by the two , as Rand Paul , who 's laying the groundwork for a potential presidential bid , has attempted to differentiate himself from his father 's legacy as a vocal libertarian .  Rand Paul , however , dutifully quoted his father at the end of his speech : "  Freedom is popular . Bring it on . " On militarization , Rand Paul said the public may never really know what happened to Michael Brown , the unarmed 18-year-old shot dead by police in Ferguson , Missouri last month , and he did n't weigh in on the still unfolding controversy . But he 's had much to say about the clashes between police and protesters that followed after the shooting . Paul made headlines last month with a commentary that called for the demilitarization of police . It was a bold stance at a time when many federal lawmakers were largely staying out of the Ferguson debate . He fired up the audience Thursday night , ticking off examples of outsized arsenals in small communities , collections that he described as "  crazy stuff . " "  When you see something dumb like giving out 12,000 bayonets , just stop doing it , " he said . President Obama has ordered a review the federal programs that enable state and local law enforcements to purchase military equipment . Some of that force , Paul said , has been used against marijuana users . Recalling stories of people being injured during drug raids , Paul said the situation has "  gotten out of control . " "  I 'm ok with police using force , " he said , saying if his wife were taken hostage , he 'd want someone to save her . "  But if somebody 's saying there 's some kid who 's got pot in the house , I think it 's a little crazy to have this war on drugs gone so far . " Paul has actively sought to reduce mandatory sentences for nonviolent drug offenders , as well as restore voting rights for nonviolent felons who 've completed their sentences . The senator hits the road this weekend , this time to California . He participates in a school choice roundtable discussion in San Pedro on Friday , then speaks at the California GOP convention on Saturday .	Rand Paul says police forces have become too militarized He spoke to a libertarian-friendly audience The Kentucky Republican says unnecessary force has been used against some pot users Paul is considering a presidential bid for 2016
CNN  -- English football star Steven Gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar , but the Liverpool captain insisted in his court testimony that it was in self-defense . England international Steven Gerrard is in court defending his actions after a bar brawl late last year . The 29-year-old is facing a charge of affray after an incident in the early hours of December 29 , when he attacked businessman Marcus McGee following a dispute about the music that was being played . If found guilty , Gerrard faces a maximum penalty of six months in jail and a fine of $ 7,200 . Gerrard , who denies the charge , told a judge on Thursday that he was sorry about his actions in Southport 's Lounge Inn , but at the time he thought McGee was going to attack him . They had been involved in an argument after Gerrard tried to change the music on the bar 's sound system , but McGee would not let him , the UK Press Association reported . "  I thought he was going to hit me , " Gerrard said . "  He was on his way forward to me and his behavior had changed from when I was having a discussion with him . I did n't know why . " Gerrard said he was unaware that his friend John Doran had already punched McGee when he himself started to hit the 34-year-old . "  I am certainly mistaken in thinking he was coming towards me to throw punches at me , " the midfielder said . "  Now I know , obviously , he had been struck , reacted and thought the strike was by me and he came into me and that 's when I reacted . I am sorry about the whole incident . "  I grabbed the back of his jumper as he moved forward to me . When I had hold of Marcus , I remember swinging my right hand two or three times . "  I was trying to stop still and I felt I had arms all over me . I could see a melee around Marcus McGee . When I was getting pulled away I realized people were patting me , some of whom were my friends . "  I wanted to help control the situation . I was worried the fight I had with Marcus was going to get worse because people were going past me in that direction . " Gerrard said that his friends had earlier told him to "  forget " the argument , but he felt he needed to confront McGee . "  I could n't understand why the guy had such a problem with me , why he was so aggressive , " he said . "  I was also concerned that if I did leave it I would not have been able to enjoy my night , he may have come over to me . "  I wanted to see why he had such a problem with it , why a total stranger had such a problem with me putting my favorite songs on . I asked why I could n't have an input in the music and tried to explain that I had permission from the manageress . " "  I asked Marcus what was the problem with the music machine and why he treated me like that . Very quickly he came off the bar stool and was in my face right by me . " Gerrard had been celebrating after scoring two goals as Liverpool thrashed Newcastle 5-1 to remain top of the Premier League , and admitted that he had been drinking alcohol . "  I certainly knew I had had a drink . I was certainly in control of how I felt in my surroundings , " he said . The father of two said he had not been in trouble with the police since the age of 19 , when he was banned from driving for nine months for drink-driving .	English football star Steven Gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar But the Liverpool captain says in court testimony that it was in self-defense Gerrard , 29 , denies charge of affray for attacking businessman Marcus McGee If found guilty , he faces maximum penalty of six months in jail and $ 7,200 fine
CNN  -- It all started with a gift from a friend . In the 1980s , actress and singer Josephine Premice was well-aware of fashion designer Koos van den Akker 's eye-catching work and asked whether he could make a sweater for one of her friends , Bill Cosby . Van den Akker delivered a sweater to the studio where Cosby was working on his NBC sitcom , "  The Cosby Show , " early on in its eight-season run . Cosby loved the sweater so much , he wore it when he portrayed Dr. Cliff Huxtable on the show . Fans began writing in , asking where Cosby got the sweater , van den Akker recalled . "  So we made a bunch of them , and it 's history . " "  Cosby sweaters , " with their unique , bold mix of colors , became a fixture on the beloved series , which began 30 years ago this week . "  The Cosby Show " was taped in front of a live audience  each episode would be shot twice  . The sweaters made it easier to shoot the show , explained costume designer Sarah Lemire . "  We ended up doing close-ups of  Cosby  so you could cut between the first and second show . The sweater became an easy way to control that . " The sweaters would also provide a contrast from the other characters onscreen . "  With Bill , you can put something bold on him , and he would overpower it , " Lemire said . Over the years , the sweaters would become even more creative : Someone from Scandinavia created a sweater with a baby-feet design to reflect Dr. Huxtable 's occupation as an obstetrician . Another memorable sweater showed men running around , as both Cosby and his character loved to run relays . Lemire said she would get the occasional call from viewers , asking where something came from . In addition to van den Akker , some sweaters were from the fashion house Missoni and others from Perry Ellis .  They were not designed by Coogi , as some believed . "  I was told there was a run on sweaters at one point , " she said . The iconic sweaters would find a new life years after the show was in syndication . "  They were not all that popular " at first , van den Akker said , "  but they became more popular later on , because suddenly people would watch the show and say ` What the f *** was that ? ' " Young people have adopted the sweaters over the past decade . There 's even a band called Cosby Sweater . Bill Cosby : The influence continues Duke University student Kahsa Teum discovered early on that her father 's Cosby-like sweaters were more comfortable than almost anything else . "  As a child in the early '90s , I enjoyed playing dress-up using my parents ' clothes , " she said , adding that she preferred the sweaters more than her mother 's dresses . Now in her 20s , not much has changed for Teum . "  When I grew up , I found the Cosby sweaters to still be more comfortable  and , in my opinion , more aesthetically pleasing  than anything else that I owned , and they 've been a staple in my wardrobe ever since ! " Teum wrote in an email . Freelance illustrator Kelly Tucker started a Tumblr in 2011 dedicated to Cosby 's iconic sweaters . She called the site The Cosby Sweater Project . Each post summarizes episodes , showing off Cosby 's best sweaters , with close-ups of each pattern . ` Cosby Show ' : Our 10 favorite moments Tucker was blown away by the blog 's popularity . She had no idea how much of a fan base the show had . More than three years later , she is still chronicling the show 's sweaters . "  Watching  "  The Cosby Show "  as an adult , I realized how many amazing patterns were incorporated into the wardrobes of all of the characters , " Tucker said . "  As an illustrator and pattern designer , I found them to be very inspiring . " But what does the Cos himself think about all of this interest in the sweaters , 30 years later ? "  I think youthful people have a long time to live , so they can waste some time on something like that , " Cosby told Collectors Weekly in 2013 . He is set to return in a new NBC show next year , but it 's unlikely van den Akker will be called upon to make more sweaters . "  Silliness , " van den Akker responded when asked whether he might revive the fashions . But if by some chance , Cosby were to ask him , of course he 'd do it . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Bill Cosby 's sweaters became an iconic part of his hit "  Cosby Show " They are remembered today , in some cases by people who were n't alive during show 's run The sweaters served a technical purpose for the show 's editing as well
CNN  American skier Lindsey Vonn clinched World Cup victory number 62 Sunday , equaling the all-time record which has stood for 35 years In foggy conditions and on soft snow in the women 's downhill at Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy , Vonn recorded a time of 1 minute 39.61 seconds , beating Austria 's Elisabeth Goergl by 0.32 seconds . The victory tied Vonn with Austria 's Annemarie Moser-Proell 's , who set the benchmark between 1970 and 1980 . "  I was a little bit nervous in the start " , the 30-year-old said in an interview with the International Ski Federation website . "  I thought I skied really well on Friday , but it was tough conditions and I was n't able to be on top of the podium . Today was kind of the same , the snow was soft but at least it was sunny . I just tried to keep my feet underneath me and not to push the skis against the snow too much and it worked out . " The victory marks an incredible comeback for Vonn , who had been out with a serious knee injury for 18 months . In a desperate attempt to get fit for the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics , Vonn aggravated her knee and needed a second operation . Much of the talk since her comeback has concerned the World Cup record , which has proved something of a distraction . "  Every time I 'm in the starting gate I 'm trying to win , whether it 's 60 , 61 , 62 or whatever it is , I just try to ski my best , " she said . "  So it was more frustrating just talking about this record in the media . But for me , mentally , it was the same as any other race . Now I 'm happy we can stop talking about it . " Although few will actually stop talking about it . Vonn now has the chance to hold the record outright , with 63 wins , in Monday 's super-G . "  I 've surprised myself how far I come , " Vonn told CNN after her victory . "  I 'm really excited for another race tomorrow . Hopefully I can break the record tomorrow . I love what I do . I want to win as many races as possible . I have a lot more to give the sport . " The was one last question to ask : had she spoken to her boyfriend , Tiger Woods ? "  Yeah I talked to him and he said he 's really proud of me , " she confirmed . "  He was watching with his daughter early in the morning . I was sad he was n't here but he 's training . He 's a professional athlete too . " Tina Maze , the overall leader , took fifth place and increased her lead in the standings .	Lindsey Vonn equals World Cup win record in Italy . Clinched win number 62 in the downhill . Can brfeak the 35-year record in the super-G Monday .
CNN  -- The British tabloid News of the World hacked Kate Middleton 's phone while she was dating Prince William , a prosecutor told a London court Thursday in a trial of the defunct newspaper 's executives , according to the British Press Association . In one voicemail message that William left Kate -- the transcript of which was read in court by the prosecutor -- the prince calls his future wife "  Babykins " and says he was almost shot by blank rounds during a military training exercise , the PA reported . The date of the message was n't immediately clear , though the couple were n't yet married at the time , the PA reported . Middleton became the Duchess of Cambridge when she married William in April 2011 . The transcript , dug up during a police investigation into the newspaper 's alleged hacking practices , was one of several messages between the couple that were read at London 's Old Bailey court , the PA reported . The revelation came at the trial of former News of the World editors Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson and the paper 's former managing editor , Stuart Kuttner . All are accused of conspiring between October 2000 and August 2006 "  to intercept communications in the course of their transmission , without lawful authority . " They deny the charges . Glenn Mulcaire , a former private investigator for News International -- the then parent company of News of the World -- was convicted of phone hacking in 2006 and has already pleaded guilty to hacking charges in the current case . UK phone-hacking trial : Kate Middleton 's name on ` target evaluation ' list Greg Miskiw , Neville Thurlbeck and James Weatherup have also pleaded guilty in the case . Jurors were told that Ian Edmondson , who is also charged with conspiring to hack phones between October 2000 and August 2006 , is "  currently unfit " and will take no further part in the trial , the PA reported . He will be tried at a later date , the judge said . Brooks , her husband , Charlie Brooks , and her former personal assistant Cheryl Carter also face a separate set of charges of conspiring to obstruct the police investigation into phone hacking . UK phone hacking scandal : Fast facts Brooks is also accused of conspiring with others to commit misconduct in public office . Coulson faces a similar charge , the PA reported . Among the allegations made in the trial previously : A police investigator testified that several hundred attempts were made to hack the cellphones of aides to princes Charles , William and Harry . Hacking allegations against the News of the World prompted British Prime Minister David Cameron to set up an independent inquiry , led by Lord Justice Leveson , to make recommendations on journalistic ethics and examine the relationship of the media with the public , police and politicians . ` Hundreds of attempts ' made to hack UK princes ' aides phones	Prosecutor reads transcripts of messages between Prince William , Kate Middleton Evidence is revealed in phone-hacking trial of former News of the World editors Several hundred attempts made to hack phones of UK princes ' aides , court told earlier
CNN  -- State officials pledged to help western Massachusetts residents rebuild Thursday , a day after at least two tornadoes tore through the region . "  There was an extraordinary amount of destruction caused by these tornadoes , and yet it is remarkable that we 've had four confirmed fatalities ... and not more , " Gov. Deval Patrick told reporters . Officials said about 200 people in western and central Massachusetts went to hospitals with injuries sustained in the storms , which struck shortly after 4 p.m. Wednesday in and around Springfield , about 90 miles west of Boston . Patrick and other Massachusetts politicians spoke in front of a church in downtown Monson , where a tornado ripped off the steeple and sent it crashing to the ground . No one was injured when the steeple fell , U.S. Sen. John Kerry noted , calling it one of the many "  fortuitous " aspects of the devastating storm . "  But for being at work , somebody would have been in their basement and crushed to death . ... There are a lot of ` but fors ' in this , and I think all of us are really grateful for that , " he said . But officials also recounted tragic stories Thursday of those who died when the tornadoes struck . A 39-year-old mother in Springfield was killed as she laid on top of her daughter in the bathtub , shielding her from the storm , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . "  The house came down . The daughter lived and the poor mother did n't make it , " West Springfield Police Chief Thomas Burke told WCVB . Nearby , 23-year-old Sergey Livchin died when a tree fell on the car he was sitting in , WCVB reported . "  I heard somebody was hit by a tree . When I found out it was my brother , it was like the ground disappeared beneath me , " his sister Irina Livchin told WCVB . Patrick and Kerry said officials touring some of the most heavily damaged areas saw significant damage : homes split in half , a flattened house whose owners had just sent in their final mortgage payment , a staggering row of sheered-off treetops that stretched for 15 miles . The magnitude and sweep of the storm were surprising , officials said . "  In 45 years in public service I have never seen this kind of damage and devastation in Massachusetts , " Kerry said . Patrick said someone found the checkbook register of a woman who lived in Monson , one of the hardest-hit areas , in Milton , more than 80 miles away . He told WCVB that the woman recounted the story to him as she sat on the front step of her home -- the only thing remaining after the storm . "  We 've got a real mess on our hands here , but we are all in this together , " he said . More than 400 people were staying at shelters statewide -- mostly in the Springfield area , said Craig Cooper of the American Red Cross . "  The devastation is not on the broad scale  seen in  Joplin , but the degree of damage and homes damage are just as severe . The disaster is just as real . We have seen some significant devastation . The way that has affected the families involved is very profound , " he said . On Thursday , rescue workers went building-to-building searching for survivors . No one had been reported missing by Thursday afternoon , said Peter Judge , a spokesman for the state 's emergency management agency . Damage assessment teams that included National Guard troops were still surveying the area , he said . Officials were investigating reports that at least two more tornadoes had touched down in and around Springfield , which is the third-largest city in Massachusetts . As many as 19 communities reported tornado damage , officials said . At least one person was killed in Springfield , two in nearby West Springfield and one in Brimfield , about 20 miles east , Judge said . The governor declared a statewide emergency Wednesday as the storm system that spawned the tornadoes moved east , prompting storm watches all the way to the Atlantic Coast . By Thursday , that state of emergency had been reduced to four heavily impacted counties , Judge said . Veronica Davidovich saw an ominous , dark cloud form in the sky Wednesday as she sat in her car at a bank drive-thru in Westfield . "  It was really strange . There was a thickness in the air , like it should n't be happening , " she said . "  It looked like volcanic ash was just dropping . And I looked at the  bank teller  and said , ` That ai n't right . ' " At J.T. 's Sports Pub in Springfield , owner Keith Makarowski said he and 10 or so patrons initially went outside to watch the darkening skies , but then retreated as the storm blew into downtown . "  There was a ton of debris flying around , lots of roof shingles and random siding , " Makarowski said . Several century-old buildings were damaged -- "  roofs torn off , facades ravaged , trees uprooted , " he said . Residents were being warned to stay off the streets , many of which were impassable because of downed trees and power lines , overturned cars and debris from damaged and destroyed buildings . About 40,000 people across the state remained without power by Thursday afternoon after the storms downed power lines and blew transformers , Judge said . Hard-hit areas might not have electricity until the end of the week , said Sandra Ahearn , a spokeswoman for Western Massachusetts Electric Co. . The damage came amid a wave of heavy thunderstorms that moved through the Northeast on Wednesday . Though not as tornado-prone as much of the Midwest or the South , Massachusetts has averaged two to three twisters per year since 1950 , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . In 1953 , a massive tornado that struck Worcester and nearby towns killed 90 people , according to NOAA . The last tornado to hit the state was in 2008 . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Jennifer Westhoven , Anna Gonzalez , Matt Smith , Leigh Remizowski , Julia Talanova and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Report : A mother was killed protecting her daughter The Red Cross says hundreds of people are in shelters 4 people were killed throughout the state and about 200 were injured , officials say Kerry : "  I have never seen this kind of damage and devastation in Massachusetts "
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese authorities have made a concerted effort to censor images and online accounts of a jeep that plowed into crowds in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square , killing five and injuring 38 , amid suggestions police are looking for suspects from the restive western region of Xinjiang . While the cause or motive for Monday 's crash remains unclear , one manager at a five-star hotel in Beijing , who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case , told CNN that the city 's hotels had received a notice from local police requesting assistance in the investigation of a "  major incident " late on Monday . It listed four people with names that suggested they belonged to the Uighur ethnic group that comes from Xinjiang Province , where tensions between Han Chinese and the largely Muslim Uighurs have sometimes turned violent . The notice also listed four vehicles -- including two cars and a motorcycle -- with license plate numbers from Xinjiang and asked hotels to keep a look out for suspicious guests that may have stayed in the capital from October 1 . A spokesman for the World Uyghur Congress , a diaspora group , said it was too early to blame Uighurs and the group was concerned over the the lack of transparency surrounding the incident . "  Every time something like this happens , authorities usually point fingers at Uighurs , " Alim Seytoff said . "  The notice should not be taken as the evidence of Uighur involvement in the incident . " Willy Lam , an adjunct professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong 's Center for China Studies , said the incident , taking place in China 's most important and sensitive public space , would be considered a major loss of face for Beijing 's leadership , especially if it turned out to be related to Uighur separatism . "  It was close to the Zhongnanhai party headquarters and , in terms of timing , it 's on the eve of the plenary session of the Chinese Communist Party so they do n't want these rumors and speculation , " he said . "  According to eye witness reports I 've read online , the jeep was driving at people . It appears to be a deliberate attempt to create havoc and a number of casualties , " he said . Earlier this month , Chinese police said they had arrested 139 people in Xinjiang for spreading religious extremism online . The arrests came in the wake of riots that left 35 people dead . While a number of Chinese media outlets reported Monday 's incident , their accounts stuck to the bare-bones details published by the official Xinhua news agency . No footage was shown on CCTV , China 's state broadcaster , and the images that appeared immediately after the incident on Weibo , China 's version of Twitter , showing black smoke and a vehicle engulfed in flames , were largely deleted . Searches combining the words Tiananmen , terrorism and car crash were also blocked . CNN broadcasts about the incident were blacked out inside China . Lam said Chinese media outlets had likely received an official order to stick to Xinhua 's version of events . However , the English-language Global Times , which is state-run but not regarded as an official mouthpiece , reported that police were looking for two suspects from Xinjiang in connection with the jeep , which was described as light colored with Xinjiang plates . Of the five people killed , three were the vehicle 's driver and two passengers and the other two were tourists ; a woman from the Philippines and a Chinese man . Authorities moved quickly to tackle the blaze and clear up the scene on Monday . On Tuesday , the square was back to normal . CNN 's David McKenzie and Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report	China censors images of jeep that plowed into Tiananmen Square , killing 5 Police are looking for suspects from the restive western region of Xinjiang , source says NEW : Uighur diaspora group says it 's too early to assign blame Analyst : Incident could be considered a major loss of face for Beijing
CNN  -- At 35,000 feet , the orange glow of a European sunrise begins to pierce the horizon from beneath a tufted layer of clouds . Unfortunately , it will be only a matter of minutes before that glow transforms into a pupil-penetrating annoyance through the windscreen of our 777 . The irritating glare wo n't , of course , affect the way we navigate our way to London 's Heathrow Airport ; a complicated and well-engineered computer system using GPS positioning provides information to air traffic controllers . But what if this well-oiled machine breaks down ? Do we need to start worrying ? That was a question facing pilots in airspace over the United Kingdom on Friday , when Shanwick Oceanic , a part of the UK 's NAT system of air traffic control , developed a computer glitch . Shanwick is the airspace that most flights transit to or from not only Britain , but also from France and other European countries , covering airspace from south of Iceland to north of the Azores , and just west of France to almost the middle of the North Atlantic . So when Shanwick develops a computer glitch , air traffic arriving and departing into the United Kingdom is most affected . But while a malfunction affecting the flight of objects hurtling through the sky at 600 mph might sound scary , rest assured that Mom and Dad celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary are n't at any risk of colliding with another airliner en route . It just means they might be a little late arriving for their vacation . Airplanes that are already airborne receive priority by virtue of the fact controllers understand that only a finite amount of fuel remains in the tanks . As airline pilots , it becomes a matter of calculating whether our fuel on board is sufficient to fly a few circles in a holding pattern or divert to our alternate airport . Traditional radar is still available once the flight travels in range of a land-based facility . Departures , however , will be delayed until the situation is rectified or mitigated . So , why is n't there a risk of collision ? As it has been since the days of the DC-3 , the track system is a nonradar environment . Radar signals do n't have the capability of traveling out to the middle of the ocean , so before airplanes enter the North Atlantic track system , from either east or west , a specific speed is assigned along with a specific altitude . In other words , airplanes are separated both vertically and laterally based on their known performance . This is still the case . Before the latest computer technology became prevalent , oceanic controllers would track airplanes manually based on verbal pilot position reports at designated degrees of longitude . With the advent of more precise navigation , more precise onboard automation and more exact ground-based air traffic control systems , the separation limits have decreased , allowing for more flights between North America and Europe . All this means that airplanes can still maintain this separation even if the ground-based oceanic computers take a temporary vacation . How ? Because we are required to maintain our assigned altitude and our assigned airspeed . And since the actual tracks change daily according to weather and winds , the performance of all the participating airplanes will be affected exactly the same . When the current technology system breaks down , the solution is either to increase separation limits or just wait until it is fixed . Verbal position reports would be required because our onboard ADS-B system would n't be able to communicate with the particular oceanic facility . Unfortunately , stopping departures that will be transiting the airspace is the simplest solution rather than temporarily resorting back to the old methods -- hence the delays on departing flights that were experienced Friday . This of course raises the question of whether the global air traffic control system has become computer dependent . The simple answer is , absolutely . But it is also worth remembering that the technology has also increased efficiency . And , more importantly , it has added another degree of safety to air travel . With all that in mind , we are just going to have to suffer through the compromise of inconvenience when the technology breaks down . Or find another way to get to our intended destinations .	Air traffic control system for London airspace has technical failure Friday Les Abend : Malfunction was inconvenient , not dangerous Abend : Global air traffic control system has become computer dependent
CNN  -- From a young basketball hopeful in Accra , Ghana to fifth overall pick in the NFL Draft for the Detroit Lions . Ezekiel "  Ziggy " Ansah 's journey to the top of gridiron has been sprinkled with more than a hint of stardust . When the 23-year-old , who also played soccer as a child , moved to the United States in 2008 , he could n't have dreamed of what came to pass in New York on Thursday on the opening day of the Draft , when the NFL 's 32 teams pick up young college talent . "  I 've worked hard toward this and I actually earned it , " Ansah , who only began playing football in 2010 , told reporters on a conference call after being drafted by the Lions . "  It 's been a humbling experience and a crazy journey . " The 23-year-old Ghanaian arrived in the U.S. on an academic scholarship with the Brigham Young University in Utah , which is owned and operated by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints -- more commonly known as the Mormon Church . Keen to pursue his hoop dreams , Ansah tried out for the basketball team , but after failing to make the grade , he took up athletics because of his sprinting speed . Ansah ran the 100 meters in 10.91 seconds and the 200m in 21.89 secs , according to the official website of the Lions . When you couple that athletic speed with an imposing six feet five inches frame -- Ansah weighs 275 pounds -- it is not hard to see why he appealed to the school 's football team . Despite his lack of playing experience , Lions general manager Martin Mayhew suggested he can be an immediate asset for the team . "  I do see him as an impactful player right away , " said Mayhew . "  Sacks come when they come ... but he 's going to be a guy that will play a big role for us on defense . " Ansah 's adjustment to life in the NFL might be made all the easier as he has already worked with Lions head coach Jim Schwartz at the Senior Bowl -- the annual game which pits the best Draft prospects against each other . "  It will be a lot easier . I 'm really comfortable with them , " added Ansah , whose mother Elizabeth was flown over to join her son at New York 's Radio City Music Hall , where the Draft is held . "  I know how our coach is so , you know , just like giving me that chance is going to make it a lot easier . "  It does n't matter the experience that I 've got . All I know is I 've just got to produce and work on my technique and I know that the Detroit Lions are willing to work with me . "  I 'm not going to make any promises . All I have to do is work hard and see what happens . " Schwartz , who coached a team of prospects from schools in the south in the Senior Bowl , has been impressed with what he saw from Ansah . The Lions coach will be hoping Ansah , who was the Senior Bowl 's most outstanding player , can improve a Detroit team which had a losing record of 4-12 in 2012 . "  We watched him get better every single day , " said Schwartz . "  He 's an inexperienced player , but he 's a very instinctive player . We liked everything about him . We had a good feel for him . "  He 's inexperienced , but he 's not a developmental player . "	Ezekiel Ansah is picked fifth overall in the NFL Daft in New York Ansah , known as "  Ziggy " , will play for the Detroit Lions The 23-year-old arrived in the U.S. in 2008 on an academic scholarship at Brigham Young University Ansah tried out for the basketball team before taking up gridiron in 2010
Ishinomaki , Japan  CNN  -- For three days , they had been waiting , waiting , waiting . They were high , dry and alive , but their patience , energy and water supplies were running low . Up to 200 people knew they could n't venture out on their own , marooned in the Ishinomaki office building after the remnants of a massive tsunami swamped the town , as it did many others in northeast Japan . When Japanese military personnel arrived , to whisk them away in boat after boat after boat -- over scores of trips , two to six people at a time -- they finally knew that survival was at hand . Still , many of their hopes and prayers remained unanswered . "  I have no words " to describe how difficult it has been since last Friday 's 9.0-magnitude earthquake , Mutko Chiva said . "  I 'm so scared . I am panicked . " Prime Minister Naoto Kan said Monday about 15,000 people have been rescued , according to Japan 's Kyodo News Agency . Yet such success stories -- like what happened Monday in Ishinomaki , a city of about 160,000 northeast of the hard-hit city of Sendai -- are becoming increasingly rare , as time , food and water runs out for those stuck in buildings , covered in rubble or otherwise clinging for life . Japanese TV network NHK showed video of one man canvassing the streets on his bicycle , attached to which he 'd written a sign with his wife 's name . He carried photos of her , showing them to everyone he met in a desperate attempt to find her . A business owner in Iwate Prefecture choked back tears Monday , as he came upon a worker who had survived the tsunami that had consumed his town . He told NHK that he 'd located half of his 25 employees by Monday , but could n't account for the rest . Chiva , the woman in Ishinomaki , knew that most of her co-workers were safe . She had been working alongside them , inside of the office building , when the quake struck Friday afternoon . But having no cell phone service or other means of communication , she did not know what had happened to her parents . In addition to those working inside , more people had trudged through floodwaters or otherwise sought refuge in Chiva 's building -- one of the highest in the northeast Japan town though , despite its locations several miles from the shoreline , still within the tsunami 's reach . Japanese authorities knew for some time that people were trapped inside , but could not dispatch rescue crews there due to difficulty in reaching the disaster-ravaged area and the scores of other crises competing for help . By Monday , the military began criss-crossing Ishinomaki 's streets in dozens of small rowboats and inflatable rafts , the only way to get around given the omnipresent water . One soldier told CNN that the mission of searching for signs of life in his homeland was emotionally challenging , if undoubtedly important . En route , the troops spotted one woman waving a white towel from a second-floor window . She told them she needed water , but did n't want to leave her home . The soldiers yelled to her , "  We 'll come and get you later on . Please wait . " Some evacuated from the office building , like Chiva , ended up going to hospitals to check their health after three days of subsisting on dwindling amounts of food and water . Others said they had no desire to go home , right away -- with one man telling CNN he just wanted to go to a "  safe place . " Many survivors in Ishinomaki and other quake - and tsunami-ravaged communities like it around Japan did n't have a choice to go home : More than 450,000 people whose homes were lost or are inaccessible are now in shelters , according to NHK . Still , heading home was a problem for tomorrow . For now , the challenge of making sense of the tragedy and coming to grips with their grief was more than daunting enough . After arriving at a Red Cross shelter , weakened survivors rescued from Ishinomaki were gently placed on stretchers and carried away . NHK showed a civil defense soldier carrying a woman into a room at the shelter . After he gingerly set her down , the woman rose to her feet with some difficulty and bowed to the soldier , telling him that she was all right . She bowed again and then collected herself to briefly tell her story , paraphrased by an NHK interpreter : "  She had been waiting for help all night , outside . She had been washed away by the wave . ... The moment she opened the door of the house , the water flooded in . ... She grabbed hold of a tree and hung on , hung on for dear life with the water all around her . A ... floor mat floated by , and she grabbed it and held on to that . " As the woman spoke in Japanese , the interpreter 's voice trembled in English : "  Her daughter was washed away . She was washed away , and she has not found her . " CNN 's Cameron Tankersley , Brian Todd and Justine Redman contributed to this report .	A woman rescued from a Ishinomaki building says , "  I 'm so scared -- I am panicked " She , like many others , have not been able to locate loved ones after the tsunami Rescue teams in rowboats have brought in hundreds of survivors in that city alone Japan 's prime minister has said at least 15,000 have been rescued , a report says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Shoes tell a lot about a person . If you stumbled into my closet , you would probably think I was a security guard , a construction worker or a Nurse Ratched wannabe . My taste in shoes tends to be boxy , low-heeled and sturdy . If the equipment is n't cleaned properly , you could be at risk for infection when you get a pedicure . So it probably does n't surprise you to learn that when it comes to pedicures , I am hardly a nail salon enabler . Unfortunately , in some sort of twisted cosmic comedy , both my teen and my tween daughters are pedicure addicts . To pedicure addicts , there is nothing better than being seated in those massive padded massage chairs , chin deep in fashion magazines , while some woman bathes , chisels , files and paints their toes . And up until now , the only thing I worried about was how much the extra flower motif on her big toe was going to cost me . Now , I have plenty of other stuff to worry about . Dr. Dina Tsentserensky , a podiatrist in New York , made it clear . "  I definitely see patients that have had problems as a result of getting a pedicure , " she said . "  I guess the most common is fungal nails . " Fungal nails !!! I really do n't want to pay for that . The National Institutes of Health , unfortunately , describes fungal nail in less-than-clear terms : Fungal nail infection is an infection of the nails by a fungus . Prescription treatments are only about 50 percent effective , and most of these infections usually require the loss of the infected nail itself , the NIH Web site says . Cuts , scrapes and some other infections are also common results of seemingly soothing foot romps . Tsentserensky thinks it 's nothing new . "  I think it 's a chronic problem that has been going on for a while , " she said . "  People just maybe chose to ignore it or do n't pay attention as much as they should . " Anyone who did pay attention could have known about some of those risks eight years ago . That 's when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported finding a nasty infection that hit more than 100 pedicure patients . The culprit : a less-than-sterile footbath screen . The result : an infection called mycobacterium fortuitum . That mouthful of a malady left these customers , most of them women , with prolonged boils on their lower legs and some long-term scars . Although that report prompted nail salons to clean the screens on those foot baths more often , it does n't mean that in the land of pedicure pampering , you can just relax and enjoy the polishing . Tsentserensky 's chief advice is to be on high cleanliness alert . "  I tell patients to make sure that the bathtubs are being cleaned properly , that they are using enough time in between so the disinfectant has time to work , " she said . And the magic timeframe , according to the Environmental Protection Agency , is about 10 minutes between clients . The EPA also stresses that to ensure the safest conditions , the tubs need to be cleaned with an EPA-registered hospital disinfectant , which means the bottle itself will have a EPA registration number listed somewhere on the label . But it 's not just the tubs that need to be clean . So do those instruments . "  Make sure that instruments are getting sterilized properly , " Tsentserensky cautions , "  that they are using a sterilizer or an autoclave to properly sanitize the instruments or using the liquids for the proper periods of time . " Timing is also important , but that 's a condition that 's on your side . Do n't get a pedicure right after you 've shaved your legs , had laser hair removal or have any cuts or bites on your legs . Any opening in the skin is an invitation that you might not want to be extending . And finally , make sure you can communicate with your nail technician to ensure he or she is taking the proper precautions to make your pedicure a stress-free experience and , more important , to ensure that the only thing you 're taking with you when you leave that salon is the pretty polish .	Some people get fungal nails or infections from pedicures Make sure that instruments are getting sterilized properly Tubs need to be cleaned with an EPA-registered hospital disinfectant
CNN  -- A video showing the last moments of a Polish immigrant , who died after Canadian police shot him with a stun gun at Vancouver International Airport , has been made public . This image from video shows an agitated Robert Dziekanski , left , before police used a stun gun on him . Robert Dziekanski , 40 , was traveling to join his mother , who lives in British Columbia , when he ended up spending about 10 hours in the airport 's arrivals area , The Canadian Press said . The video shows Dziekanski , who had never flown before , becoming agitated . It then shows Mounties purportedly shocking Robert Dziekanski with a Taser device after confronting him . Dziekanski did not speak English . The recording was captured by bystander Paul Pritchard on October 14 and was in police hands until he threatened legal action and it was returned to him last week , The Canadian Press reported . Watch as police stun man with Taser " "  Probably the most disturbing part is one of the officers uses his leg and his knee to pin his neck and his head to the ground , " Pritchard told CBC News . The dead man 's mother , Zofia Cisowski , told CBC News that Tasers should not be used by police . "  They should do something because that is a killer , a people killer . " The incident is being investigated by police , Canada 's national police complaints commission and by the coroner , CBC News reported . E-mail to a friend	Man died after Canadian police shot him at Vancouver Airport on October 14 Polish immigrant became agitated after being left waiting at airport for 10 hours Flight was first time he had been on a plane ; he spoke no English Incident , captured on video by a bystander , is being investigated by authorities
CNN  -- A fire and "  technical issue " aboard two Boeing 787 Dreamliners on Friday raised new safety concerns for the long troubled airliner . The fire ignited on an empty 787 operated by Ethiopian Airlines that was parked at London 's Heathrow airport . No one was hurt and the incident shut runways for about an hour before operations resumed , the airport said . Details were unclear about the fire 's cause or location aboard the plane , but the incident was enough to spur U.S. aviation experts to investigate . In a separate incident on Friday , Thomson Airways reported a "  technical issue " aboard its Dreamliner flying from Manchester , England , to Florida . The aircraft returned to Manchester as a "  precautionary measure , " Thomson said in a statement . Engineers were "  inspecting the aircraft , " the statement said . Passengers were transferred to another plane . The airline offered no other details of the problem . Related : Dreamliner interactive layout The Dreamliner , which has been flying since 2011 , has been closely watched since last January when all 50 of the world 's 787s were grounded due to overheating problems in its new light-weight lithium-ion battery system . The planes were allowed to return to service in April after Boeing engineered a solution that satisfied U.S. aviation authorities . Heathrow reopened Friday evening and Boeing officials were at the airport to analyze the problem , the company said . Ethiopian Airlines : Bringing the Dreamliner to Africa It was not known if the battery system was associated with the latest incident , but a statement released by Ethiopian Airlines said the jet had been "  parked at the airport for more than eight hours " before the fire . The Federal Aviation Administration is sending "  an official " at the invitation of the British government , the agency told CNN in a statement . The FAA said earlier it was "  in contact " with Boeing about the matter . The National Transportation Safety Board tweeted it also was sending an "  accredited representative " to the airport to help the investigation . Friday 's fire triggered renewed doubt about the 787 among the aviation community , including aviation lawyer and former U.S. Department of Transportation Inspector General Mary Schiavo . "  If today 's Boeing 787 problems are battery related , " she tweeted , "  the FAA may reconsider its decision to allow them to fly before NTSB identified " what caused the battery troubles . Video of the aftermath showed foam surrounding the Ethiopian aircraft and what appeared to be burn marks on its fuselage . "  There 's still hope for Boeing , " Schiavo tweeted later . "  The burn marks are not next to the batteries . " Japanese Dreamliner held due to A/C power glitch The news sent Boeing 's shares on Wall Street down more than 4 % . Boeing 's stake is huge . Hundreds of millions of dollars are riding on the success of the Dreamliner , which represents a new generation of lighter , more efficient money making airliners . Its development was marked by production delays and other problems . During their first few years in service , every airliner experiences "  teething pains " as they shake out minor problems , experts say . But the FAA 's decision to ground the Dreamliner put it under a microscope . The lone U.S. 787 operator -- United Airlines -- owns a fleet of six . During a six-day period in June , United diverted three of them , each with a different mechanical problem . Indicators showed possible issues with oil levels , oil filters and the braking system . Related : Another 787 Dreamliner diverted for mechanical problem Dreamliner 's lithium-ion batteries were blamed for two overheating instances this year in Boston and Japan . No one was hurt in either case , but the problems spurred the FAA to ground the planes . In March , the FAA approved a Boeing certification plan to fix the 787 battery system and prove the new design is safe . A team of experts from Boeing and from outside the company redesigned parts of the battery system in what they called a "  robust " fix that included separating the battery cells , integrating a new charging system , and setting the batteries in a containment box that would vent outside the aircraft any smoke from overheating batteries . Related : Behind the scenes for Boeing 's ` robust ' battery fix The Dreamliner boasts high fuel efficiency because of the lightweight carbon composite materials used in its wings and fuselage . Related : Can ` game-changer ' Dreamliner live up to its name ? In an apparent show of confidence in the new aircraft , United announced last month that it was ordering 20 additional 787s , specifically the 787-10 model , a longer version of the plane . CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Richard Quest , Scott Hamilton , Jason Hanna and Richard Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-DOT official tweets that burn marks are not next to the batteries FAA says it 's sending "  an official " to Heathrow after Dreamliner fire "  Techncal issue " aboard a second Dreamliner Friday , forces it to return to airport A fire breaks out on an empty Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 at Heathrow airport
CNN  -- English Premier League club Newcastle United and striker Papiss Cisse are at odds over the club 's sponsorship deal with a finance company , according to the player 's agent . Cisse , who terrorized opposition defenses when he moved to soccer 's Premier League last year , has n't been included in Newcastle 's squad for a pre-season tour of Portugal , the team from Northeast England revealed on its website A Muslim , Cisse does n't want to don Newcastle 's jersey -- according to his agent -- because the sponsor is Wonga , which , as stated on its website , lends money with an annual interest rate of more than 5,800 percent . "  He feels that it is immoral ... , " the Senegal international 's agent Madou Diene told CNN , outlining his interpretation of the striker 's position . Diene declined CNN 's request to interview Cisse . Earlier this month UK consumer watchdog Which ? revealed a million families a month needed short-term high interest loans to get by . Of those , 400,000 used the cash to pay for essentials such as food and fuel , while a further 240,000 needed money to pay off existing debts . Newcastle , which did not return calls from CNN seeking comment , has yet to explain why Cisse did not travel with the squad to Portugal . Under Sharia law , making money from interest , for example , is n't allowed . But the BBC reported that two of Cisse 's Muslim teammates , midfielders Cheick Tiote and Moussa Sissoko , told the club they had no issue with wearing the shirt and both of them were included in the squad for the trip to Portugal as the club prepare for the new English Premier League season which starts on August 17 . The partnership between the club and Wonga is said to be worth $ 38m over four years . Wonga , which declined comment on the Cisse case , launched its first website in 2007 and according to its website , "  rapidly became one of the world 's most innovative credit providers . " For first-time users , loans of up to about $ 600 can be requested and Wonga usually provides an answer , it says , in seconds . However , the interest such companies charge consumers has raised concerns among a number of British politicians . "  Urgent action is needed to grip the regulation of the payday loan industry , as the number of cases of misery and hardship are growing rapidly because of pressures on living standards and personal finance , " Chris Leslie MP , Labour 's Shadow Treasury Minister , told the British opposition party 's website in June . Cisse wore Newcastle 's jersey last season when it was sponsored by another finance company -- lender Virgin Money . "  I guess it might be a question of people 's views changing over time , " Shaykh Ibrahim Mogra , assistant secretary general with the Muslim Council of Britain , told CNN . "  Maybe they 've not had a chance to think things through beforehand . Maybe now they realize , " added Mogra in response to the question as to why Cisse wore a Virgin jersey but not the Wonga one . Cisse would n't be the first Muslim player to refuse to wear a jersey on religious grounds . Striker Frederic Kanoute took a stand at Spain 's Sevilla in 2006 when he opted against wearing a shirt sponsored by gambling firm 888 . com . Eventually , Kanoute did wear the shirt but was excluded from taking part in any promotional activities linked to the sponsorship . "  I think every player will have their own  stance  on this , " said Mogra . "  There will be players who will not be prepared to do something they believe is against their religious teaching and there might be some who might not be so concerned . "  It 's very difficult to say how everyone is going to react . " The Council has n't been approached by the club or Cisse , Mogra added . "  If they were to make a request or approach , we would either signpost them or be able to give them advice , " he said . The chief executive of the Professional Footballers ' Association Gordon Taylor -- who is seeking a resolution to the dispute -- did not respond to CNN 's request for an interview . When asked if other clubs had expressed an interest in Cisse , Diene could n't "  answer that question . " Earlier he insisted that Cisse "  loves the fans , the club and the city . " Cisse played a significant role in helping Newcastle to overachieve and finish fifth in the Premier League in 2011/2012 , scoring 13 goals in 14 appearances after joining from Freiburg for $ 13.7 million during the January transfer window . But he cooled last term , netting eight league goals as he played second fiddle to Demba Ba . Ba was then sold to Chelsea and Newcastle barely avoided relegation . The Cisse saga has added to an already lively off-season at Newcastle , one of England 's best supported clubs with an average league attendance last season of more than 50,000 . In June , the Magpies rehired the outspoken Joe Kinnear , which did not go down well with the club 's fans . Formerly a manager , he was brought back as director of soccer .	Muslim striker Papiss Cisse refuses to wear Newcastle 's club shirt on religious grounds The shirt sponsor , Wonga , lends money at an annual interest rate of 5,800 percent Under Sharia law , making money from interest charges is n't allowed Cisse wore Newcastle 's jersey last season when it was sponsored by Virgin Money
London  CNN  -- The publisher of Rupert Murdoch 's News of the World has paid singer Charlotte Church and her family # 600,000  $ 952,000  to settle a phone-hacking lawsuit , her lawyer said Monday . The payment by Murdoch 's News Group Newspapers includes # 300,000 in damages , plus legal costs , lawyer Mike Brookes said -- far more than other hacking victims have been paid . Speaking outside the court after the settlement was reached , Church said the behavior of tabloid journalists had "  sickened and disgusted her , " and she did not believe the News International apology in court was sincere . "  They are not truly sorry ; they are just sorry they got caught , " Church said . Murdoch 's News of the World was closed down last summer over revelations about phone hacking and police bribery by people working for the newspaper . Targets of phone hacking included not only celebrities like Church but also victims of crime and terrorism , wounded troops and their families , and politicians . Police are conducting three investigations into illegal activity by British journalists and private detectives working for them . Two parliamentary committees are also probing the scandal , and a separate independent inquiry has been established by Prime Minister David Cameron . Cameron himself was drawn into the scandal for having hired a former News of the World editor , Andy Coulson , to be his spokesman after Coulson left the paper over the hacking scandal . Coulson has since resigned as Cameron 's spokesman . He denies wrongdoing , but is among more than a dozen people arrested over phone hacking . No one has been charged . The Church settlement is much higher than in 59 other suits settled recently by News International , the British newspaper publishing arm of Murdoch 's News Corp. . Actor Jude Law was paid # 130,000  $ 206,000  , for example , while retired soccer star Paul Gascoigne was paid # 68,000  $ 108,000  . The newspaper publisher has also been paying the legal costs of the suits . Church had been the lone holdout refusing to settle , but said Monday she had changed her mind to protect her parents . News International was prepared to make the case "  into an interrogation into my mother 's medical history , " Church said . "  I would have learning nothing more from an actual trial since it was clear no one from News International was prepared to take the stand , " she said . Brookes , her lawyer , said the settlement was higher than for others because Church 's parents had also been targeted , starting when she was a teenager . "  The News of the World trespassed into the lives of an entire family . James and Maria are not remotely in the public eye . They are no more and no less than proud parents with an exceptionally talented daughter , " he said . He said in court that News of the World "  targeted Charlotte and her voice mail messages repeatedly , " obtained her personal medical information starting when she was 16 , violated the privacy of her parents ' voice mail , and "  coerced " Church 's mother into giving them an interview about Maria Church 's attempted suicide . A lawyer for the publisher said in court he accepted "  everything Mr. Brookes has said , " apologized , and said "  they should never have had to endure what they have suffered . " Church 's settlement does not end the lawsuits against News International . Cherie Blair , the wife of former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , announced February 22 that she was suing over allegations her voice mail was intercepted to get news of her pregnancy when her husband was in office .	NEW : Her family should never have had to endure what they did , Murdoch 's lawyer says Murdoch 's News International group pays the singer # 600,000  $ 952,000 "  They 're just sorry they got caught , " Church says of News International Among others who settled were actor Jude Law and soccer star Paul Gascoigne
CNN  -- Europe 's Eastern policy , if there ever really was one , is in tatters . It has unraveled at breakneck speed , as Russia moved against Ukraine , effectively annexed part of its territory , and put its smaller neighbor on the brink of war . Moving from disbelief to dismay to horror , Europeans lost whatever hopes and illusions they may have harbored that Russia was a predictable and cooperative partner . Instead , images are being invoked of the Soviet intervention in Czechoslovakia in 1968 and in Hungary in 1956 , and a new Cold War seems fully possible now . However far-fetched they may seem , these comparisons reflect a frantic search among Western politicians and experts for the underlying causes , rationales and consequences of Russia 's actions in Ukraine . And it slowly dawns on Europe that it is witness to a sea change in Russian foreign policy that shakes the very foundations of the European order that emerged after the fall of the Iron Curtain . New interventionist strategy Russia 's actions in Ukraine , while still in full swing , signal nothing less than the maturing of a new and interventionist strategy . Resembling the original Brezhnev doctrine , the Kremlin seems fully resolved now to interfere with any of its post-Soviet neighbors , should they chose a political model at home or affiliations abroad that differ from what Moscow proposes : autocracy from within , and Eurasian integration from without . Renegades in turn , such as Ukraine after the ouster of Viktor Yanukovych , that venture towards democracy and EU integration , will face Russian retaliation designed to threaten their very existence . This strategy has been in the making for a decade . Once President Putin had established his full authoritarian rule , tamed the oligarchs and controlled the economy , and basked in oil and gas revenues , the Kremlin started to move on its neighbors . Most of these had long remained in a twilight -- some shaky democracies , others semi-dictatorships , all oscillating between East and West -- until Russia attended to them . It propped up odious dictators from Belarus to Kazakhstan with financial and political backing . It punished defectors from Moldova to Ukraine with gas cut-offs , trade embargoes , and propaganda wars . It "  passportized " citizens of Georgia and found their rights violated , only to send its military to the rescue . In short , Russia has long tested and refined an arsenal of coercion that can be applied to any of its smaller neighbors politically and economically , socially and culturally , legally and if need be , militarily . Yet the Kremlin discovered that , besides direct measures against its neighbors , action was needed on additional stages . For years now , Russia has hollowed out international organizations , such as the OSCE or the Council of Europe , by blocking their budgets , manipulating parliamentary assemblies , and dispatching rival monitors . Foreign donors , from development aid agencies to private foundations , were squeezed out from Russia , Belarus and elsewhere to weaken civil society and independent media . Russian business massively expanded its reach into the EU , wooed individual countries with lucrative deals from pipelines in Germany to nuclear energy in Hungary to French military supplies , and infiltrated EU capitals with a myriad of lobbyists . It should hardly surprising , then , that European responses to Russia 's increasingly aggressive behavior have been muffled at best . What may long have been a cocktail of stand-alone and ad-hoc actions to increase Russian influence over its neighbors , and to curtail that of Europe , has now become a fully-fledged doctrine with Vladimir Putin 's return to the presidency in 2012 . Since then , the Kremlin has both formalized its ambitions and backed them up ideologically . On a formal level , it launched the Eurasian Union , an integration project to return former Soviet republics to Russian hegemony and to prevent them from moving closer to the EU . On an ideological level , Moscow dressed its policy as a civilizational struggle of its own superior model of a strong state and controlled society with the weak and degenerate liberal democracies of Europe . In so doing , Russia has formulated the political goal and justification needed for employing its many pressure tools systematically and strategically . Kremlin emboldened In this light , the current Russian intervention in Ukraine is neither the impulsive overreaction of the Kremlin to the loss of an ally , nor result of Vladimir Putin 's deficient touch with reality . On the contrary , it is the full application of a strategy that has long been in the making . The only novelty is that , with the planned incorporation of Crimea into the Russian Federation , this doctrine is now taken to the ultimate end : the redrawing of borders in the post-Soviet space . In so doing , Russia threatens all of its neighbors and challenges the European order as such . Nothing so far suggests that Russia will limit itself in these aspirations . After years of pressuring neighbors without much resistance , the Kremlin feels emboldened in its strategy and has little reason for self-restraint . Moscow 's aggressive quest for its "  near abroad " has become an ideological mission to fight the West , one that has left all rational grounds and that ignores all costs and consequences , including those to Russia itself . Opposition to this policy within Russia is effectively non-existent , as decisions are taken by a small circle of hardliners , parliament serves to rubber-stamp them , and civil society and independent media have been silenced . Ordinary Russians , in turn , overwhelmingly support Putin 's actions and assertiveness , at over two-thirds according to recent polls . In this situation , brakes on Russian interventionism can only be imposed from outside . Ukrainians have given a powerful example of resistance , through the courage of hundreds of thousands of protesters and the remarkable moderation of their new government in the face of Russian provocations . Yet Ukraine , and no less other neighbors such as Georgia and Moldova that have equally chosen a path of democracy and European integration , will not be able to resist mounting Russian aggressiveness . Only Europe , in concert with the United States , can put a check on the Putin doctrine before it drags the Eastern half of the continent into the abyss . European response Europe 's first immediate response , as is becoming clear even to its most reluctant leaders , must be a range of sanctions against Russia . The EU has rightly tried for negotiations first but has to acknowledge now that the Kremlin flatly refuses any talks and compromise . Europe must now roll out travel bans and asset freezes against those in the Russian leadership who are directly responsible for this escalation , followed by a swift extension to include the 300 or so influentials , and their families , who control much of the country 's politics and business today . In a next step , and depending on Russia 's response , Europe should impose a range of economic sanctions , halt arms and technology exports to Russia , stop sales of Russian-held real estate in the EU , pause preparations of strategic infrastructure projects such as Russian pipelines to Europe , and subject key Russian business operations to the full scrutiny and regulatory power of the EU . In parallel , Europe must sign the association and free trade agreements with Ukraine , Moldova , and Georgia within weeks . A snap summit of EU leaders could be held in Kiev that , ideally , would finally state the long-overdue EU membership perspective for Eastern neighbors , and substantiate this prospect with a comprehensive assistance package to see would-be members through the political , economic and social reforms necessary for European integration . Politically and materially , this would send a strong signal of commitment to Europe 's East , and one that Russia will find hard to match . Other , more medium and long-term steps would have to follow . EU measures will have to be taken to enhance the economic , energy , cyber and hard security of those Eastern European countries -- new EU members as well as neighbors -- that are particularly exposed to Russian pressures . Europe 's Eastern policy will have to be reformulated , based on the acknowledgment that the EU is now in direct competition with Russia . Its neighborhood policy will have to be redefined as an enlargement policy , while its Russia strategy can no longer be based on the illusion of partnership . Economic ties with Russia , whether its oil and gas imports or business activities in the EU , will have to be reconsidered . And Europe 's multinational institutions , whether OSCE , Council of Europe or NATO , must be strengthened and empowered to once again serve as guarantors of collective development and security -- open but not hostage to Russia . This is an enormous agenda , comparable only to the challenge of reuniting Europe after the end of the Cold War . Much as it successfully answered that call , the EU must now muster the political will , foresight and vision to save its Eastern neighborhood from falling victim to the Putin doctrine . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joerg Forbrig .	Changing Russian foreign policy is shaking the European order , says Joerg Forbrig He says Moscow seems resolved to interfere with any of its post-Soviet neighbors Russia 's interventionist strategy has been in the making for a decade , Forbrig says Moscow 's quest has become an ideological mission to fight the West , he says
CNN  -- Jeremy Poincenot can no longer read , drive a car or even recognize faces . But the 20-year-old , who lost his central vision two years ago , can successfully hit a small white ball into a slightly larger hole from considerable distance . Chipping from off the green at a tournament in August , the American won a nerve-wracking playoff to officially become the world 's best blind golfer . Poincenot , a college student from San Diego , has an extremely rare disease called Leber 's hereditary optic neuropathy  LHON  . And not long ago , he feared he 'd never play golf again . He woke up the day before Thanksgiving in 2008 to notice his formerly perfect vision was a little blurry . A routine trip to the optometrist to pick up a pair of glasses ended up with him being diagnosed with a suspected brain tumor . The subsequent holidays were spent having an MRI scan , a spinal tap and then a catheter placed in his jugular as doctors struggled to diagnose the cause of his vanishing sight . It was n't until his mother discovered it on the Internet that Jeremy was successfully diagnosed with LHON -- a hereditary disease with no treatment and no cure that only affects one in 50,000 people . Lissa Poincenot has since set up the website LHON.org to support fellow sufferers and their families , and to help raise funds for the USC Doheny Eye Institute , where Dr. Alfredo Sadun is researching a cure . Faced with the onset of blindness , Jeremy admits he slipped into depression for a couple of months until one afternoon he was jerked back into action . "  I saw this guy who had just lost his wife and baby daughter when a plane crashed down on his house , " he told CNN . "  The guy was in a press conference crying , saying ` If anybody knows how to handle something this tragic , please tell me . ' I just thought , ` Hey if this guy can make it through this then I can survive having no central vision . ' That became my motto : ` Things could be worse . ' " So six months after losing his sight , Poincenot decided to pick up his clubs again . A keen golfer with a handicap of just four , he had played every Sunday since the age of 12 with his Dad Lionel , a club engineer at golf firm Callaway . Blind golf brought them even closer because , unlike the regular version of the sport , it 's a team game . Lionel acts as his son 's sighted coach on the course , describing the hole he 's playing , the bunkers , the water hazards and the dog-legs -- as well as adjusting his son 's feet and club-face alignment before every shot . Then he 'll point in the direction that the shot should be played , while Jeremy places his chin on his dad 's shoulder to get a sense of the correct alignment . "  He 's the one who does all the work , lining me up and reading the putts -- I 'm just the one who executes the shots , " Jeremy laughs . They played their first tournament together in Texas , and then qualified from the nationals in California despite a few teething problems . "  He forgot to tell me about a few bunkers , and I was n't as nice to him as I should have been , " Jeremy recalls . But before the International Blind Golf Association 's World Championships began in Britain in August , Jeremy made a pact with his dad : "  We realized that our attitude needed to improve as a team , so we decided to focus more on having fun rather than stressing out about every shot . " The new approach clearly worked , because at the end of the first day , Poincenot was tied for third out of 60 competitors and just one shot away from the leader . "  The whole second day , my stomach was in my throat -- I was extremely nervous on every shot , " he admits . "  But I think Dad was even more nervous than me ; after I take my shot he 's freaking out watching my ball go towards the rough , while I ca n't even tell . " Nevertheless , Poincenot still managed to shoot 89 for a net score of 70 , tying him with British champion Simon Cookson . A playoff hole was then required to find the winner . "  I hit my third shot short of the green . Simon also hit his second short of the green but I got a stroke on the hole because I 'm a ` B2 ' and Simon 's a ` B3 ' , " he said . Not every competitor has the same degree of visual impairment , so a three-tier handicap system is used to level the playing field . Those who are completely blind are B1s , while those -- like Poincenot -- with up to six percent of vision are B2s . Cookson , who has 10 percent of his vision , is a B3 -- the category of player with the most sight . Despite this potential disadvantage , however , the international business major from San Diego University had saved the best for last . "  I paced the shot to work out the yardage , and when I got to the pin there was a crowd there watching so I thought , ` You know what , I 'm not going to be in this situation many times in my life , ' so I waved to the crowd real quick and then got back to my shot . "  I took what I thought was a nice chip and even heard someone in the crowd say , ` That 's a nice chip . ' Then I heard the ball hit the pin and fall into the hole . My dad shouted , ` It went in ! ' so I threw my hat in the air and gave my dad a big hug . " As well as winning his first World Blind Golf Championship , Poincenot has been raising money and awareness of LHON with sponsored bike rides , half-marathons and even sky dives . He is now setting his ambitions on the next tournament in Canada 's Nova Scotia in 2012 . "  To be able to share being world champion with my dad is incredible , I do n't know if it 's hit me yet , " he says . "  It 's a great feeling and I hope it will help raise awareness of LHON , because that 's the greater purpose of why I do anything . "	Young American wins World Blind Golf Championship two years after losing his vision Jeremy Poincenot feared he 'd never play golf again after being blinded by rare disease The 20-year-old is joined on the golf course by his father , who acts as his son 's eyes He is now setting his sights on the next tournament in Canada in 2012
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , back in his home country after five days of medical tests in Cuba , said Thursday that he was cured from the cancer he was diagnosed with this year . "  There are no malignant cells in this body . They do n't exist , " Chavez said during a visit to the state of Tachira , which borders Colombia . He was there to give thanks to Santo Cristo de la Grita , a statue depicting Jesus Christ . Just four months ago , Chavez underwent emergency surgery in Cuba after he was found to have cancer . "  In these four months that have passed , we can say that a vital stage has concluded in the treatment of the illness that surprised me , " Chavez said . The tests he underwent in Cuba in the past days showed that his body had healed from his surgery and that chemotherapy left no toxins in his organs , he said . Chavez said that the period seemed longer than four months and that during the ordeal , felt more Christian than before . His health registered a perfect score , he said , adding that he will continue to monitor himself . In June , he announced that doctors in Cuba had removed a cancerous tumor from his body . He has not said what type of cancer it was . Chavez has undergone treatments in both Venezuela and Cuba . Last month , the president was in Cuba for what he said was his fourth and possibly final round of chemotherapy . Chavez has pledged to run for re-election next year , dismissing speculation that his illness would force him out of politics .	Venezuelan leader says he has beaten cancer He was in Cuba for some medical tests The experience made him more religious , he said
CNN  -- The mother of a Georgia toddler who died after being left in a car for hours in the sweltering heat says she is a grieving mother caught up in "  the storm around my family . " "  The rush to judgment by the public and the mainstream media has left me with little confidence in our legal system and our society , " Leanna Harris wrote in a victim impact statement obtained by CNN 's Victor Blackwell . Police say Harris ' husband , Justin Ross Harris , left 22-month-old Cooper strapped into a car seat in his SUV for seven hours while he went to work on June 18 . Records show the temperature topped 92 that day , and police say it was 88 degrees when the boy was pronounced dead in a parking lot not far from his father 's workplace . Justin Ross Harris has pleaded not guilty to charges of murder and child cruelty . Leanna Harris has not been charged , but her attorney , Lawrence Zimmerman , said Friday that "  she is concerned that the district attorney 's office may try to level a charge against her . " Police said Harris behaved strangely in the days before and moments after the death of her son . For example , one detective testified that she asked her husband , "  Did you say too much ? " in a police interview room after he was arrested , and that she also insisted to employees at her son 's day care that "  Ross must have left him in the car , " when they told her Cooper had not been dropped off that morning . Police also said both parents conducted Internet searches about how hot a car needed to be to kill a child . Zimmerman , however , wants the world to know his client is suffering . The Atlanta defense attorney provided the victim impact statement that was filled out by Leanna Harris , "  with help from my attorney , " she wrote . The form , which lists Justin Ross Harris as the defendant and cruelty to children and second degree murder as the charges , asks the person filling it out to state their relationship to the victim of the particular crime . Leanna Harris wrote , "  self , " not the name of her son . "  Sure , she 's a victim , " Zimmerman said . "  She 's lost a child . She 's a victim of public perception thinking that she had something to do with it . " The Cobb County District Attorney 's Office said the forms are standard practice . "  We are required by the Crime Victim 's Bill of Rights to send those forms to all victims or a victim 's next of kin , " said Kim Isaza , spokeswoman for the Cobb County District Attorney 's Office .	Lawyer shares victim impact statement in hot car death case Leanna Harris laments "  rush to judgment " over her son 's death Justin Ross Harris is charged with murder and child cruelty charges
CNN  -- Support from the United States , Pakistan and other Afghan allies is crucial to the success of reconciliation talks with the Taliban , Afghan President Hamid Karzai said in an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that aired Sunday . "  The High Council for Peace is authorized by the Afghan people to talk with the Taliban , " Karzai said . "  These are initial contacts being made , but these contacts would not yield results , would not give us the results that we seek , unless and until the United States and Pakistan , especially , with our other allies , back it with practical application of the means that they have in their disposal . " Last week , outgoing U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said , "  there 's been outreach  to the Taliban  on the part of a number of countries , including the United States . I would say that these contacts are very preliminary . " "  My own view is that real reconciliation talks are not likely to be able to make any substantive headway until at least this winter , " Gates said . Among the conditions required by the United States of the Taliban : complete disassociation from al Qaeda and "  meeting the redlines that President Karzai and the coalition have laid down . " Karzai said earlier this month that "  peace negotiations with the Taliban and with other countrymen have been started . Those who accept the constitution , freedom , democracy and development of Afghanistan can take part in this negotiation . " "  The Afghan people need peace , " Karzai said in the CNN interview . "  The Afghan people want peace . They want their children sent to school . Mothers want to be without worry when they have their children go to school or their husbands to  a  job , or when the women go out to work . This country needs to live like all other nations live . " " ... We must reach this human desire through a reasonable means , through a realistic approach , " he said . "  And that is dialogue with a condition that the gains of Afghanistan over the past 10 years not be compromised , that the gains of our women not be compromised , that our children must continue to go to school , that our constitution be respected and recognized . And that having fulfilled that , that the Taliban , who agree to this -- and the absolute majority of them agree to this -- will return to their homes in dignity . " Karzai also said he welcomes U.S. President Barack Obama 's plans for a drawdown of American troops , calling it a sign that Afghanistan is ready to take control of security in the war-torn nation . "  The number of troops that he has announced to be withdrawn is a sign that Afghanistan is taking over its own security and is trying to defend it territory by its own means , " Karzai said . "  So we are happy about the announcement . " As the United States pulls back , Karzai painted a picture of a more stable Afghanistan , despite the fact that May was the bloodiest month for Afghan civilians since 2007 . Karzai , who spoke to Zakaria earlier this week , said Afghans were ready to take the reins of their own country . "  It is the responsibility of the Afghan people to protect their country and to provide security for the citizens of the country , " Karzai said . "  If you fail in fulfilling our most important responsibility with regard to our country and our people , then somebody else should take over . " Obama announced Wednesday night that 10,000 U.S. troops would leave Afghanistan this year and all 33,000 forces , sent as part of a 2009 surge , would return home by the summer of 2012 . Karzai also defended his public criticisms of NATO , which in recent weeks have taken on a more angry tone . Karzai blasted the alliance for civilian deaths and nighttime raids . He said his comment on NATO becoming an "  occupying force " was taken out of context . "  No I do n't regret having made that comment , " he said . "  That comment was not seen in the full sentence that I spoke . It was after the incident of civilian casualties in Afghanistan where children were killed in an aerial bombing , where I said , ` No more of such aerial bombings on our residents . ' "  The question was what if they continue ? " Karzai said . "  When Afghanistan asks that these operations cease and even then , if they continue , this means we are not in charge of our country , " he said . "  And that , of course , becomes an occupation . It was in this context that I spoke , and I stand by that . " "  My statements are neither hostile nor inflammatory nor designed to get anything but an understanding from our partners that the Afghan people need to feel secure , they need to see this war take a direction in which they can see the end of the tunnel , " Karzai said . He said Afghanistan , dependent on U.S. dollars for security and development , was grateful to American taxpayers but expressed dismay that U.S. humanitarian efforts have not always taken Afghan wishes into account . He cited a Kandahar electricity project in which he said the United States spent $ 250 million to buy generators . Karzai said Afghanistan would have preferred the construction of a dam , which he called a more lasting solution .	NEW : President Hamid Karzai says the United States , Pakistan should support Taliban talks Karzai says Afghanistan is ready to take over security He defends his criticisms of NATO operations
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown is reaching into Lindsay Lohan 's playbook for avoiding jail : Go to rehab before your court date . The singer 's arrest Sunday on an assault charge put him on a path toward a possible prison sentence , but he will be in a rehabilitation facility as his next court date approaches . "  Chris Brown has elected to enter a rehab facility , " said a statement Tuesday night from his representative . "  His goal is to gain focus and insight into his past and recent behavior , enabling him to continue the pursuit of his life and his career from a healthier vantage point . " There has been no indication that Brown , 24 , has a substance abuse problem . The behavior that has landed him in legal trouble over the past several years has been anger management . Brown 's brutal attack on former girlfriend Rihanna on the eve of the Grammys in February 2009 resulted in a felony domestic violence conviction that carried a lengthy probation period . A judge found him in violation of that probation in August because of discrepancies in proving he fulfilled the court-ordered 1,400 hours of community labor . He imposed another 1,000 hours of work . The Los Angeles County district attorney appears in no mood to cut Brown any breaks , which suggests that prosecutors will ask for jail time for him because of the arrest early Sunday in the shadow of the White House . While the simple assault charge in Washington is a misdemeanor , it could trigger a probation revocation . Brown is in a vulnerable position . The Los Angeles judge overseeing his felony probation could order him to complete as many as four years in prison for the beating of Rihanna if he is found in violation of probation . Brown is due in a Los Angeles court on November 20 for a probation status hearing . Prosecutors have declined to comment on if they will seek to put him behind bars . The U.S. attorney in the District of Columbia charged Brown and his bodyguard with simple assault for a brawl over the weekend in which a 20-year-old Maryland man suffered a broken nose . Brown spent 36 hours in a Washington jail and was taken to court in shackles Monday afternoon . He was released and ordered to report to his California probation officer within 48 hours . The probation officer 's job is to prepare a report for the Los Angeles judge who will decide if Brown will be found in violation of his probation . Going to rehab -- as his rep said "  to gain focus and insight into his past and recent behavior " -- could allow Brown lawyer Mark Geragos to argue that the entertainer is getting proper help for his core problem . The statement from Brown 's rep did not disclose where the singer is going for rehab , how long he intends to stay , or what might be a "  healthier vantage point " for him . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The announcement comes after he was arrested in Washington on simple assault charge The singer has landed in legal trouble for anger issues He is still on probation for the brutal attack on former girlfriend Rihanna
London  CNN  -- The body of Britain 's first woman prime minister , Margaret Thatcher , has been taken to a chapel at Westminster , where it will lie overnight before a ceremonial funeral in London on Wednesday . A short service for those close to Thatcher will be held Tuesday in the Chapel of St. Mary Undercroft in the Palace of Westminster . On Wednesday morning , the coffin will be carried by hearse to the Church of St. Clement Danes , the Royal Air Force Chapel , on the Strand . There , it will be transferred to a horse-drawn gun carriage to be taken to St. Paul 's Cathedral , where more than 2,000 guests have been invited for the funeral . Members of the Army , Royal Navy and Royal Air Force will line the two-mile route . The military held a rehearsal very early Monday morning to ensure that all goes smoothly on the day . Veterans of the Falklands War will bear Thatcher 's coffin into the cathedral . Thatcher led the country into war in 1982 , when British forces repelled an Argentinian invasion of the disputed Falkland Islands , known by Argentina as Las Malvinas . Before the service , a single half-muffled bell will toll for the arrival of the cortege , according to an order of service released in advance by St. Paul 's Cathedral . Prime Minister David Cameron will give a reading at the funeral , in accordance with the wishes of Thatcher , who planned many elements of the service several years ago . Margaret Thatcher 's granddaughter , Amanda , will also give a reading . As a mark of respect , the chimes of Big Ben , as the bell and clock tower by the Palace of Westminster are commonly known , will be silenced for the duration of the funeral proceedings , said John Bercow , the speaker of the House of Commons . "  I believe that there can be a profound dignity and deep respect expressed in , and through , silence and I am sure that the House will agree , " he told lawmakers Monday . Roads and Underground stations near the cathedral will be closed and buses diverted as part of a large security operation led by London 's Metropolitan Police . More than 4,000 officers will be on duty for the event , the Metropolitan Police said Tuesday . The threat of demonstrations by anarchists or anti-Thatcher activists , on top of fears that dissident Irish Republicans may try to act , have heightened security concerns . Thatcher was the target of a hotel bombing in Brighton by the Irish Republican Army in 1984 . Commander Christine Jones said police had done all they could to mitigate potential risks and threats . "  We wish to deliver our operation in a way that protects public safety within the context of a broader security operation , as with many ceremonial London events , " she said . "  The right to conduct peaceful protest is a tenet of our democracy ; however , that right is qualified in that protest does not stray into acts of crime or violence or the instigation of crime or violence . " A small number of groups have been in touch about plans to demonstrate as the funeral takes place , Jones said . "  We are working with them , and would ask anyone who plans to protest to come forward and speak with us today , " she said . Thatcher was prime minister for 11 years , from 1979 to 1990 . After she was pushed from office after a leadership battle within her own party , she served in the House of Lords as Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven . A public book of condolences held at London 's City Hall will close Tuesday afternoon . READ MORE : ` Hurt and anger ' from Thatcher policies still felt , cathedral dean says	NEW : Margaret Thatcher 's coffin is brought to the Chapel of St. Mary Undercroft On Wednesday , it will be taken in solemn procession to St. Paul 's Cathedral Members of the military will line the route of the cortege through central London More than 2,000 people are invited to the funeral of Britain 's first female prime minister
San Francisco  CNN  -- Calling it "  the biggest change to iOS since the introduction of the iPhone , " Apple CEO Tim Cook on Monday unveiled an operating system for iPhones and iPads that will radically overhaul how users ' touchscreens look . The new system , iOS 7 , was part of a two-hour presentation that included refreshed MacBook Airs , the announcement of an iTunes Radio streaming-music service and a sneak peek at a new Mac Pro that will be the most powerful computer Apple has ever made . The keynote , kicking off Apple 's annual Worldwide Developer 's Conference , marked Apple 's first major product event in nine months . But it was short on blockbuster launches or surprises -- no TV , no smartwatch and no upgrades to marquee products like the iPhone and iPad . Some pundits griped about a lack of groundbreaking hardware or features at a time when Apple is facing a stock-price slump , increasing competition from rivals like Samsung and a gnawing perception that the giant computer company is not as bold or as cool as it was under Steve Jobs , its late CEO and co-founder . Instead , developers assembled for the weeklong conference got the first look at a major reworking of Apple 's mobile operating system , due this fall . iOS is home to more than 900,000 apps that collectively have earned independent developers $ 10 billion , according to Apple . The mobile design , overseen for the first time by new iOS boss Jony Ive , includes new typography , redesigned icons and a new color palette . "  I think there is a profound and enduring beauty in simplicity , in clarity , in efficiency , " Ive said in a video introducting iOS 7 . "  True simplicity is derived from so much more than just the absence of clutter and ornamentation . It 's about bringing order to complexity . " Immediately noticeable : The pool-table green background on Game Center was gone . "  We just completely ran out of green felt , " joked Craig Federighi , Apple 's vice president for software engineering . In fact , virtually every recognizable app shown in a brief presentation looked considerably different from its iOS 6 counterpart . Animations float by in the background of the Weather app , while Calendar is now minimalist in black and white . But it 's not just a redesign . Federighi demoed new features like Control Center , where users will be able to swipe up for music , flashlight and other tools . Airdrop , Apple 's file-sharing software , comes to mobile with iOS 7 , and the Photos app has been upgraded with such features as Instagram-like photo filters and photo albums that can be created by year or location . Siri , Apple 's voice-activated "  digital assistant , " is becoming more diverse . Users will be able to choose a male voice -- Siri has been solely a "  she " so far -- and users can ask it to perform basic tasks like playing a voicemail or turning down the brightness on an iPhone or iPad 's screen . iOS 7 became available in beta to developers on the iPhone Monday , but the rest of us will have to wait until the fall . It will work only on iPhone 4 or later , iPad 2 and later , the mini and the iPod touch . Also coming this fall is iTunes Radio , a free streaming service that sounds a lot like Pandora or Spotify . iTunes Radio will include over 200 programmed channels , plus others inspired by music the user already listens to . The service will be ad-supported and will encourage users to buy songs they like from iTunes . However , iTunes Radio joins a crowded streaming-music landscape -- Google launched a similar service last month -- and several analysts criticized it as a rare example of Apple playing catchup to its rivals instead of creating something new . Also Monday , Apple introduced revamped MacBook Airs with "  all-day battery life " and offered a peek at the most powerful computer the company has ever made . Apple Senior Vice President Phil Schiller provided a peek at the new Mac Pro , a desktop that is Apple 's fastest computer . In a teaser video , the new Pro looked like a shiny cylinder and , according to Schiller , will double the performance of the current model , launched three years ago . "  Ca n't innovate any more , my ass , " Schiller told the audience in a jab at analysts who have said Apple is being surpassed by companies like Samsung and Google in the rollout of bold new products . The new Pro will be released this year and will be designed and assembled in the United States , Schiller said The 11-inch version of the MacBook Air will go from five hours to nine hours of battery life , Schiller said , while the 13-inch version will go from seven hours up to 12 . Schiller said the new models will have faster Wi-Fi connections and faster graphic loads . They began shipping Monday , with the 11-inch Air beginning at $ 999 and the 13-inch starting at $ 1,099  that 's a $ 100 break on the 13-inch  . In a departure , Apple 's next Mac operating system will not be named after a cat . Instead , the 10th iteration of OS X will be called Mavericks , named for a popular surfing spot in northern California .  Previous version names have included Mountain Lion , Snow Leopard , Tiger , Lion and Cheetah . Among the system 's new features will be Maps , previously a mobile-only product , and iBooks , which will let users read books they buy from the App Store on multiple devices . Other features demoed by Federighi included color-coded tags , a multidisplay setup for more than one screen and integration with Apple TV . He said internal tweaks have been made to make the system faster and to conserve battery life . The new system will be available in the fall . In opening the keynote , Cook noted that the company 's online App Store has served up 50 billion downloads in its five years of existence . He said there are 900,000 apps in the store , 375,000 of which were designed for the iPad . "  Just a few hundred from those other guys , " he said , in an apparent swipe at rival tablets that run Google 's Android system and others . He also said the App Store has 575 million accounts , "  more accounts with credit cards than any store on the Internet that we 're aware of . "	Apple rolls out MacBook Airs with an "  all-day battery " New Mac Pro will double performance of current most powerful PC , Apple says New mobile operating system , iTunes Radio also introduced Apple 's annual developers conference kicked off Monday in San Francisco
