ISIS beheaded another Westerner , a British aid worker . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry courted Middle Eastern leaders to join a coalition in the fight against the Islamist militants . And U.S. planes aimed at ISIS fighters near Iraq 's capital . As world leaders struggled Monday to come up with strategies against ISIS just days after a high-profile beheading by the Islamist militants , the U.S. military targeted an ISIS position near Baghdad . An airstrike southwest of the city appears to be the closest the U.S. airstrikes have come to the Iraqi capital since the start of the campaign against the Islamist militants , a senior U.S. military official told CNN . A statement from U.S. Central Command described the action as "  the first strike taken as part of our expanded efforts beyond protecting our own people and humanitarian missions to hit  ISIS  targets as Iraqi forces go on offense , as outlined in the President 's speech last Wednesday . " An ISIS "  fighting position " that was firing on Iraqi security forces southwest of Baghdad was destroyed , the statement said . Meanwhile , more than two dozen nations , the Arab League , the European Union and United Nations met in the French capital , calling ISIS a threat to the international community and agreeing to "  ensure that the culprits are brought to justice . " In a statement at the conference 's conclusion , the French government said the participants had agreed to take on ISIS "  by any means necessary , including appropriate military assistance , in line with the needs expressed by the Iraqi authorities , in accordance with international law and without jeopardizing civilian security . " French President François Hollande , who hosted the conference with his Iraqi counterpart , Fuad Masum , said there was "  no time to lose " in international efforts against ISIS . Meanwhile , the leader of Iraq 's Kurdistan region asked for intensified U.S. airstrikes , saying he would welcome foreign fighters and urging Iran and the United States to set aside their differences to fight ISIS . Latest beheading ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , underlined its barbaric credentials over the weekend -- posting a video showing the beheading of British aid worker David Haines and threatening the life of another hostage from the United Kingdom . It was the third videotaped killing of a Western hostage released in less than a month . The latest killing , ISIS said , was "  a message to the allies of America " -- a direct challenge to the United States . President Barack Obama announced last week that the United States would lead "  a broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat " and that U.S. airstrikes against ISIS would expand from Iraq into Syria . The United States has said nearly 40 nations have agreed to contribute to the fight against ISIS , which has seized control of large areas of northern Iraq and Syria . But it remains unclear exactly which countries are on that list and what roles they 'll play . Britain wo n't ` shirk our responsibility ' Britain 's role in the coalition is in particular focus after the killing of Haines , who was abducted last year near a Syrian refugee camp where he was working . Haines ' death "  will not lead Britain to shirk our responsibility " to work with allies to take on ISIS , British Prime Minister David Cameron said Sunday . Instead , he said , "  it must strengthen our resolve . " Cameron pledged to work with the United States to support its "  direct military action . " He also emphasized that "  this is not about British troops on the ground . " Killer identified ? Cameron has vowed to "  hunt down those responsible " for Haines ' killing and "  bring them to justice , no matter how long it takes . " The situation is made all the more difficult by the fact that the man who appears in the video beheading Haines -- believed to be the same man previously shown killing American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff -- has a London accent . Cameron knows the identity of the killer , CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen has reported , citing unidentified British officials . But authorities are n't making it public for "  operational reasons , " Bergen writes in a commentary for CNN . Cameron knows that the man in the video holds at least two other American citizens as well as other hostages from additional Western countries , and that he is part of a larger group of British hostage-takers working for ISIS , Bergen reports . "  It is a real crisis for Cameron , and it underlines a sobering fact : British citizens have volunteered to go to Syria to fight at 25 times the rate that Americans have done so , when adjusted for population size , " he writes . Building a coalition Kerry , who attended the Paris conference Monday , closed out a Middle Eastern trip on Saturday , seeking to win support for the U.S.-led anti-ISIS coalition . In an interview that aired Sunday on CBS ' "  Face the Nation , " Kerry said some nations "  are clearly prepared to take action in the air alongside the United States and to do airstrikes , if that 's what they 're called on to do , " but he did not get more specific . Britain has agreed to help arm Kurdish forces , support the Iraqi government , keep supplying humanitarian help and coordinate with the United Nations to battle ISIS . France , meanwhile , began reconnaissance flights over Iraq , the French Defense Ministry said . Two Rafale air force planes took off from a base in the United Arab Emirates , it said . Some nations have also offered to commit ground troops , but "  we are not looking for that at this moment anyway , " Kerry said in the CBS interview . Iraqi Kurdistan 's President Masoud Barzani -- whose Peshmerga forces have taken a significant role in battling ISIS -- told CNN 's Anna Coren on Monday that he has not asked for foreign fighters but would welcome them . He also called on the United States to step up airstrikes and said Iran should play a role in battling ISIS . But that can only happen , he said , if Iran and the United States "  put their differences aside . " Iran has rejected any cooperation with the United States to combat ISIS in Iraq , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei said on his Twitter account Monday . "  I rejected  the  US offer to Iran about ISIS , because US has corrupted its hands in this issue , " the statement read . Khamanei accused the United States of planning to use military action against ISIS to "  dominate the region . " Analyst : Obama ` revealed too much ' A leading Iraqi expert on ISIS told CNN that Obama may already have revealed more about U.S. plans than he should have to the militant group 's leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . "  The mistake was announcing too much of the strategy , and this was a free gift to al-Baghdadi to prepare and counter what has been revealed , " said Hisham al-Hashimi , who has studied jihadist groups and their evolution in Iraq over the past decade . He suggested ISIS has already begun to take defensive measures , including moving weapons and ammunition into depots and putting elite fighters among civilian populations to avoid airstrikes . The anti-ISIS alliance that the United States is putting together risks driving more terrorist organizations to join forces with al-Baghdadi 's group in what they perceive as a "  crusader " war against Muslims , al-Hashimi said . ` Fighting ideology with ideology ' Influential Middle Eastern countries such as Egypt and Saudi Arabia may be crucial in countering that view . "  Help is needed from Saudi and Egyptian religious scholars in fighting ideology with ideology , " al-Hashimi said . "  This is key to extracting ISIS from the roots . " Last week , Egypt 's grand mufti reportedly condemned ISIS , saying that its actions are not in line with Islam . A member of the Saudi royal family told CNN on Monday that he did n't think his country would participate in military operations but would be pleased to see ISIS vanquished in response to its heinous violence . "  I think that with each killing that takes place , unfortunately , every time hopefully the world community will be more united in really eradicating this disease that 's really infecting the whole Middle Eastern region and inevitably will be contagious to other countries in the world , " Prince Alwaleed bin Talal said . If Obama sticks to the goal of defeating the Islamist extremists , the move will help restore Saudi Arabia 's trust in Washington , which has been shaken over the crisis in Syria , he said . Al-Hashimi said he is concerned by the exclusion of Iran -- arguably the most influential player in Iraq -- from the coalition . "  They sidelined Iran , and that is a very big mistake because Iran controls the Shiite militias in Iraq and these militias could sabotage military operations when it comes to logistical support or can threaten the safety of American advisers and trainers , " he said . How many more Western captives is ISIS holding ?	U.S. airstrikes target ISIS militants near Iraqi capital International community will fight ISIS "  by any means necessary , " communique says The U.S. says nearly 40 nations have agreed to contribute to the fight against the militants Britain 's role is in focus after an ISIS video showed the beheading of one of its citizens
Los Angeles  CNN  -- When the curtain rises on the 64th Primetime Emmys Sunday night , viewers can expect "  genuinely weird stuff " from host Jimmy Kimmel and perhaps TV award show history made by "  Mad Men . " With 26 statuettes to be handed out , the three-hour ABC-TV broadcast from the Nokia Theatre in downtown Los Angeles should be packed with hastened acceptance speeches , but at least some drama . "  Mad Men " has dominated the best drama category in its four seasons and could set a record with a fifth-straight win this year , but Showtime 's psychological thriller "  Homeland , " which just started a second season , and AMC 's "  Breaking Bad " may stand in its way . "  Downton Abbey , " last year 's best miniseries or movie winner , is competing for best drama series this year , along with HBO 's "  Boardwalk Empire " and "  Game of Thrones . " While "  Mad Men " was the most nominated show last year , with 19 nods , and this year , with 17 , the AMC series has yet to win an acting Emmy . It has four chances Sunday to change that , including Jon Hamm 's fifth best drama actor nomination for his role as ad exec Don Draper . Emmy snubs : What the Academy got right and wrong "  Breaking Bad " star Bryan Cranston , who beat Hamm in his first three seasons , is nominated again , along with Michael C. Hall , nominated a fifth straight year for the title role in Showtime 's "  Dexter , " second-year nominee Steve Buscemi for playing Nucky Thompson on HBO 's "  Boardwalk Empire , " PBS ' "  Downton Abbey " star Hugh Bonneville and Damian Lewis for Showtime 's "  Homeland . " "  Mad Men " actress Elisabeth Moss , whose work as Peggy Olson has earned three nominations but no trophies , is contending for best actress in a drama against last year 's winner Julianna Margulies from CBS ' "  The Good Wife , " "  Homeland 's " Claire Danes , Glenn Close of DirecTV 's "  Damages , " Michelle Dockery from "  Downton Abbey " and Kathy Bates , who plays Harriet Korn in ABC 's "  Harry 's Law . " Bates , who recently revealed she had a double mastectomy because of breast cancer , will also present an Emmy category Sunday night . She was given the best guest actress in a comedy for playing the ghost of Charlie Sheen 's character in CBS ' "  Two and a Half Men . " It was presented at the Emmy 's creative arts ceremony last week . ABC 's "  Modern Family , " the country 's highest-rated sitcom , will try to repeat its domination of the Emmy 's comedy categories . Last year 's show seemed like the "  Modern Family " awards at times , with the series taking home five trophies . CBS 's "  The Big Bang Theory , " HBO 's "  Curb Your Enthusiasm , " NBC 's "  30 Rock , " and HBO 's "  Veep " are challenging "  Modern Family " for the best comedy series Emmy , which the ABC show has won for the last two seasons . "  The Big Bang Theory 's " Jim Parsons , who won best comedy series actor last year , is lined up against "  30 Rock 's " Alec Baldwin and Jon Cryer of "  Two And A Half Men " again this year . Other nominees include Larry David , who plays himself in "  Curb Your Enthusiasm , " Don Cheadle for Showtime 's "  House Of Lies " and Louis C.K. for FX Networks ' "  Louie . " The best comedy series actress competition includes Melissa McCarthy , who won a year ago for the CBS sitcom "  Mike & Molly , " two-time winner Tina Fey for "  30 Rock , " Lena Dunham for HBO 's "  Girls , " Zooey Deschanel for FOX 's "  New Girl , " Edie Falco from Showtime 's "  Nurse Jackie , " NBC 's "  Parks And Recreation " star Amy Poehler , and Julia Louis-Dreyfus for "  Veep . " ` Mad Men ' leads Emmy nominations The reality show competition has lacked competitiveness over the past decade , with CBS 's "  The Amazing Race " finishing first eight of the last nine years . Still , ABC 's "  Dancing With The Stars , " Lifetime 's "  Project Runway , " "  So You Think You Can Dance " from FOX , Bravo 's "  Top Chef " and NBC 's " The Voice " will try . "  The Daily Show With Jon Stewart " has won best variety show for nine years in a row , but this year it has a new competitor , ABC 's "  Jimmy Kimmel Live . " But Kimmel may not spend much time thinking about his chances , since he 'll have his hands full hosting the Emmy broadcast . Kimmel told CNN the Emmy producers have given him a lot of creative freedom to make the show entertaining . "  I pitched them a number of ideas and they 're letting me do some genuinely weird stuff on the show , " he said . "  I really appreciate it , and I 'm kind of surprised to how open they 've been . There will be a couple of things that have never been done for sure that I think will surprise people in the best possible way . " Ricky Gervais , who provided plenty of surprises as host of the Golden Globes , will take the Emmy stage as a presenter Sunday . Michael J. Fox , whose acting career continues 21 years after being diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease , will also present . Fox was nominated for best guest actor in both the comedy and drama series categories , but lost . CNN 's Abbey Goodman contributed to this report .	"  Mad Men " could set a record with a fifth straight win for best drama series While it 's the most nominated show , the AMC series has yet to win an acting Emmy ABC 's "  Modern Family " will try to repeat its domination of the comedy category Kathy Bates , who recently revealed she had a double mastectomy , will present
CNN  -- Malaysian authorities are bolstering security measures on the island of Borneo after a Chinese citizen was kidnapped by suspected Filipino rebels Tuesday . Gunmen armed with M-16 rifles abducted Yang Zailin , 34 , from the fish farm where he worked on the east coast of Sabah around 2.45 am , the state 's director general of security , Mohammad Mentek said in a statement Tuesday . The kidnappers , who are believed to be from the mainly Muslim southern part of the Philippines , fled by boat into international waters after exchanging gunfire with Malaysian security forces , the statement said . Originally from Guizhou province , Yang had been working in Sabah for three years as the manager of the farm , China 's Deputy Consul General in Kuching , Liu Dong Yuan , told CNN . The farm belongs to a Hong Kong-owned company called Wonderful Terrace . Sabah Chief Minister Datuk Seri Musa Aman said authorities are looking to introduce travel restrictions and curfews at high-risk spots around the coast of Sabah following the incident , according to local media reports . The kidnapping is the latest in a spate of abductions of foreigners in the area . On April 2 , two women -- a Chinese tourist and a Filipino hotel worker -- were taken from a diving resort on the coast of Sabah . Authorities say the pair are being held for ransom , in the province of Sulu in the southern Philippines . Last November , a Taiwanese man died when he and his wife were kidnapped from another Sabah resort by suspected Abu Sayyaf gunmen . His wife was freed after being held hostage for more than a month on the island of Jolo , also in Sulu province . Early in 2013 , Malaysia established a special security zone along Sabah 's maritime border after insurgents from the southern Philippines stormed a village in the eastern district of Lahad Datu . The latest kidnappings could further strain diplomatic ties between Malaysia and China , which have had a tense relationship since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished on March 8 . Many relatives of those on board the missing plane , most of whom were Chinese , have been fiercely critical of Malaysia 's handling of the investigation .	Gunmen have kidnapped a Chinese man working in Malaysian Borneo Authorities believe Filipino rebels are responsible Another Chinese citizen and a Filipino worker were abducted from the region last month
CNN  -- There 's a new group of travelers in town -- and it hardly matters which town you 're talking about . Russian travelers are increasingly booking trips abroad , and hotels and touring companies are working overtime to win their patronage . In 2012 , Russian tourists spent $ 43 billion abroad -- making them the fifth highest-spending segment of the travel industry . Last year , nearly 40 million Russians traveled overseas  only 8 million journeyed in 2006  . That number is likely to expand , and quickly ; Russians are the world 's second-fastest growing group of tourists . The supercharged growth can be attributed to a steadily growing middle class  projected to rise 16 % between now and 2020  , and the fact that access to the world beyond the former Soviet borders is still fairly novel . Read this : Can airlines make money from their maps "  The Russian visitor explosion has been so fast that perhaps some hoteliers still have n't quite picked up on it , " says Matt Walls , vice president of Hotels.com -- a booking site that recently released a global survey on Russian tourists . "  Now is the time  for them to do so  , because unless you can cater to the needs of Russian customers , they 'll go and stay somewhere else , " he adds . The InterContinental Hotel Group is one company that invested early and heavily in their Russian guests , introducing Russian-language websites , call centers and mobile apps . "  Russia is one of the largest outbound markets in the world -- equivalent to a country like France , but growing almost as fast as China , " says Matt Luscombe , the InterContinental 's senior vice president of sales and marketing . Read this : Landing at the world 's busiest airport Catering to new market According to Visit Britain , hotel managers in London -- one of the top ten destinations Russians visit when on vacation -- have started introducing amenities to deal specifically with this segment . At the Jumeirah Carlton Towers , special menus cater to Russian tastes and Russian-language shopping guides help guests navigate the city 's department stores . At the Corinthia Hotel , Russian-speaking butlers have been added to the staff . "  If you asked me three years ago , I 'd say we did n't have any Russian guests . Now , we have some every single weekend and weekday , " notes Alvaro Rey , general manager of London 's InterContinental Park Lane . "  This being a new market , you have to start adapting to them : What are their needs ? How should we handle them ? What types of room do they like ? How do they like to be addressed ? " For the companies that do succeed in winning over this newest segment , the rewards can be sizable . Russian guests tend to spend 20 % to 30 % above the average room rate , according to Hotels.com , and they can rack up a sizable food and beverage bill . "  On the plus side , Russians are seen as high-spending . They bring a lot of cash with them , " says Walls , who adds that Russians tend to enjoy a drink or two . "  The bar bill benefits quite significantly when Russians are traveling . "	Nearly 40 million Russians traveled overseas last year In 2012 , Russians spent $ 43 billion abroad Many hotel groups have adjusted their offerings to cater to Russian guests Russians are the world 's second fastest growing tourism segment
Hillary Clinton on Tuesday weaved together the national outcry over a recent report detailing U.S. torture abroad and the nationwide protests against recent police killings of unarmed black men . The former secretary of state said the U.S. should reaffirm a ban on torture in "  both policy and law " and suggested that Congress pass legislation to make the U.S. opposition to torture absolutely clear after a scathing Senate committee report recounting years of torture of terror suspects at the hands of the CIA . "  Today we can say again , in a loud and clear voice , the United States should never condone or practice torture anywhere in the world , not under any future administration or in any future conflict , " said Clinton , who is expected to launch a 2016 presidential bid . "  If that requires new legislation , then Congress should work with President Obama to quickly enact it , and it should not be an issue of partisan politics . " Accepting a human rights award from the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights , Clinton homed in on the importance of putting American values first when it comes to the criminal justice system and in the fight against terrorism . "  It is possible to keep us safe from terrorism and reduce crime and violence without relying on torture abroad or unnecessary force or excessive incarceration at home , " she said . "  There 's no doubt that at home and abroad , America is at our best when our actions match our values . " Bush era haunts Obama Clinton invoked the protesters who have mobilized in major U.S. cities to protest the killings of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner in New York , both black men who were unarmed when they were killed by white police officers . "  We can stand up together and say , ` Yes , black lives matter , ' " she said , referring to the rallying cry of demonstrators around the country . Clinton called attention to inequalities in the U.S. between minority groups and whites , noting the "  cruel reality " that African-American and Hispanic men are much more likely to be searched by police officers , jailed and shot by police officers than white men . She said the country can work to restore trust in the criminal justice system and a balance between rights and security by remembering the police officers who do their jobs right . "  We know that there are so many police officers every day inspiring trust and confidence rather than fear and frustration , honorably doing their duty , putting their lives on the line to save lives , not take them , " she said . Clinton also drew on Kennedy , the one-time presidential candidate , former U.S. attorney general and civil rights champion , saying that he would call attention to the gap between American ideals and the reality throughout American history . It 's time to "  narrow the gap between our ideals and our reality , " she said . Former Bush officials defend interrogation tactics	Clinton says Congress should pass legislation to make U.S. ban on torture clear She also picked up on the cry that "  black lives matter " in nationwide protests Clinton 's speech emphasized the need to put American values first
Cairo  CNN  -- The controversial Qatari TV network Al Jazeera has bought Current TV , gaining access to millions more U.S. viewers and taking a major step forward in cracking the longed-for U.S. market . The move is the network 's crowning achievement in the U.S. after years struggling to be accepted in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attacks , when Al Jazeera was vilified by the Bush administration for broadcasting the notorious Osama bin Laden videos and other anti-American material . Read more : Once called ` terror network , ' Al Jazeera America dares to enter U.S. cable market But following the U.S. military withdrawal from Iraq , U.S. relations with the channel improved . Recently Al Jazeera 's English-language channel has won several prestigious industry awards , as well as plaudits from senior U.S. policy-makers such as Hillary Clinton . The New York Times reports that Al Jazeera paid $ 500 million for Current TV , a huge sum by TV industry standards and a big investment at a time when many rival news networks are cutting back on news bureaus and staff . But it 's peanuts when one remembers that the man behind the network , the Emir of Qatar , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani , is sitting on one of the world 's fastest-growing economies and the world 's third largest gas reserves . From his point of view , rehabilitating Al Jazeera 's image in America was never going to come cheaply and at least now Al Jazeera can access more of the highly lucrative U.S. cable TV market . But this was never about the money . Qatar 's priority is drumming up international support in case of another major crisis in the Gulf region that threatens its wealth and independence , like for example a war with Iran or an imploding Saudi Arabia . Having studied at Britain 's Sandhurst Military College and spent years as Qatar 's minister of defense the emir knows that military defense of his tiny country is impossible . The U.S. is Qatar 's ultimate security guarantee and any chance to buy trust with the American people represents an excellent opportunity to secure his country 's future further . Compared to the tens of billions his neighbors spend on U.S. arms , the influence afforded by Al Jazeera represents very good value for money . Another important aim behind developing Al Jazeera in the U.S. is to try and present a different , more positive image of Arabs and Islam generally to Americans than the one they are used to seeing . The emir is proudly Arab and Muslim , just like Al Jazeera , and the channel sends a clear message to the West that there is more to the Arab world than terrorism , religious extremism and oil-rich slobs . Whether the wider U.S. public will buy into this vision however or indeed watch the new channel at all remains to be seen . Al Jazeera sets its sights on America Given the popularity of Al Jazeera English among Americans already , the channel evidently has many American fans besides Hillary Clinton . But as a rule the wider U.S. audience is not very interested in foreign affairs , even without the complication of associations with terrorism and the wrong kind of political Islam . Even closely related foreign broadcasters , like the BBC , have had trouble getting a toehold in the popular U.S. TV market , let alone Qatari ones . What makes Al Jazeera different and gives it its competitive edge in the U.S. is its perspective on foreign affairs , its freedom to operate , and its enormous financial resources . Al Jazeera 's English output has a much freer rein than many other news channels , including many western ones . Even the flagship Al Jazeera Arabic TV service , which has a much stronger political impact in the region as it broadcasts in Arabic , has to temper its coverage of the Gulf region on occasions when there is a conflict with other Qatari interests . Lots of state-sponsored channels broadcast news channels around the world , mostly from the U.S. and Europe in the direction of the "  Global South . " But Al Jazeera English , and soon Al Jazeera America , broadcast in the opposite direction , will give quite a different perspective on events to U.S. news channels , especially when it comes to Arab affairs . In particular Al Jazeera 's reporting on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is both more in depth and in line with the rest of the world 's thinking than that usually found on U.S. TV . Al Jazeera America will reportedly focus on U.S. current affairs , but as in Canada where Al Jazeera was effectively shut down by pro-Israeli groups , future controversy over this issue is to be expected and there will undoubtedly be many more hurdles for the network ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hugh Miles .	Qatari TV network Al Jazeera buys Current TV , gaining access to millions more U.S. viewers Network has struggled to be accepted in wake of September 11 attacks , says Hugh Miles Rehabilitating Al Jazeera 's image in America was never going to come cheap , Miles adds Miles : Qatar 's priority is drumming up support in case of a war in the Gulf
CNN  -- A man with a pistol killed one person and wounded three others at a cafe in the Dutch city of Rotterdam on Saturday morning , a police spokesman said . Police officers stand next to the body of the victim killed by the cafe gunman in Rotterdam . Patrons at the cafe managed to capture the shooter , a 45-year-old man , and hold him until police arrived , Rotterdam Police spokesman Gerde Jung told CNN . Police arrested the man and recovered his weapon , Jung said . The shooting was probably the the result of a quarrel the man had earlier , but details of that argument were unclear , Jung said . All of the victims were male , he said .	Gunman shoots one person dead , wounds three others at a Rotterdam cafe Patrons at the cafe manage to capture the 45-year-old man Police : Shooting was probably the the result of a quarrel
Washington  CNN  -- With Congress mired in dysfunction over immigration , President Barack Obama says he 'll do what he can to sidestep the legislative logjam . One possibility : using presidential authority to remove the threat of possible deportation for a few million immigrants living illegally in the country , a step that conservatives decry as amnesty . Here is a look at how we got here and steps Obama could take in coming months to address what all parties agree is a broken immigration system and boost the Democratic brand , though not necessarily in this year 's congressional elections . What is the problem ? An estimated 11 million or more immigrants are living illegally in the United States , many of them for years or even decades . They work , go to school and otherwise participate in American society even though they broke the law coming here and lack papers allowing them to stay . An increase in tougher enforcement laws and resources without any corresponding legal remedies for undocumented immigrants led to the huge illegal population . White House mulls steps on immigration it can take on its own While Obama 's administration has deported or turned back more than 2 million people , it shifted the priority from working immigrants targeted under predecessor George W. Bush to criminals , more recent border crosses and those who keep re-entering illegally . Obama had promised to pass comprehensive immigration reform in his first term , but wound up focusing on economic recovery and health care reform . Now he wants to deliver to the Hispanic American community , the nation 's largest minority demographic that strongly backed him in both election victories and is demanding an end to the deportations that it says split up families and tear the social fabric . What are we doing about it ? Last year , the Senate passed a comprehensive bill that would provide a path to legal status for the millions of long-term undocumented immigrants while also strengthening border security . The legislation supported by all Senate Democrats and 14 Republicans would require immigrants illegally living in the country to register with the government , pay a penalty , learn English and begin the process of applying for legal status . It also had the backing of the business community , organized labor and religious organizations . However , House Republicans have refused to consider the Senate bill , which Obama and Democrats claim would pass if put to a vote . Conservatives say the Senate plan amounts to amnesty for lawbreakers , arguing they should be sent back to their home countries because they drive up the size and cost of government while competing with U.S. citizens for jobs . Democrats want to remove the legal uncertainty for as many of the undocumented immigrants as possible , allowing them to continue living and working here so they can eventually gain legal status and possibly full citizenship . Did n't Obama already stop deporting some children of immigrants ? In 2012 , the Obama administration changed its policy by halting deportations of some immigrants brought to the United States illegally as children . The move came after GOP Senators in 2010 blocked a Democratic bill known as the DREAM Act that would have done much the same thing . Republicans argue the step meant Obama stopped fully enforcing immigration laws , saying they now mistrust him to carry out provisions for stronger border security that they demand in any new legislation . Before going home for this year 's summer recess , the GOP-led House voted to reverse Obama 's previous executive actions on immigration and prevent future similar steps . The provision pushed by conservatives has zero chance of passing the Democratic-led Senate . What about the current immigrant surge in Texas ? Tens of thousands of new arrivals from Central America , many of them unaccompanied children , have overwhelmed immigration facilities and services in Texas in recent months . Republicans , particularly conservatives , say two policy changes led to the surge -- a 2008 anti-trafficking law that requires immigration hearings for most children arriving at the border , and Obama 's 2012 decision to stop deporting some minors . Rick Perry says youths crossing the border is a ` side issue ' Combined , the changes created a perception that children who make it into the United States wo n't get sent back , the critics argue . For now , the U.S. government considers the influx from Guatemala , El Salvador and Honduras a separate issue from the longstanding problem involving undocumented immigrants who have lived in the country for years . House passes $ 694 million border bill Obama has asked for more money to speed the processing and care of the new arrivals , but said most of the Central Americans arriving now will be returned to their home countries . So now Obama is going to take more actions on his own ? Yes . When it became clear this year that the House would n't take up the Senate immigration bill , Obama asked the Justice and Homeland Security departments to come up with steps he could take on his own . Sources familiar with the matter told CNN that one potential option would expand the deferred deportation program of 2012 for so-called DREAMers -- children brought to America illegally by their families . Other possible steps include granting some kind of legal status to the foreign parents of U.S. citizens , and allowing some undocumented immigrants to apply for temporary work permits , the sources said . Border crisis : GOP falls into a trap The total number of immigrants affected could reach 5 million or more , some analysts say . "  There are so many ways they could cut this pie and define and protect a class " of undocumented immigrants , one source told CNN , adding that the decisions expected next month would examine "  what 's possible from a legal perspective , a policy perspective and also what 's possible from a political perspective . " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday that "  the review of what the President is able to do is still ongoing , " and whatever options emerge will not be as enduring or as strong as what Congress could do under the Senate legislation . What is the response ? The Hispanic American community wants to see the details , but supports Obama acting on his own . However , it would protest if it considers the steps too timid . As expected , conservatives react with alarm and outrage . GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama , perhaps the most vocal opponent on immigration reform , said last week that Obama "  wants to issue another 5-6 million work permits to illegal immigrants of any age . " That would violate existing law and be "  a direct affront to every single unemployed American , particularly those in our poorest most vulnerable American communities , " Sessions said . House Republicans who recently authorized a lawsuit against Obama for changing how the health care reform law gets enforced warn of another legal challenge over further executive action on immigration . Why is this so hard ? The long-term political stakes are huge . If reforms allow millions of immigrants now facing potential deportation to get eventual citizenship , Democrats would get the credit and the likely political loyalty of generations of Hispanic American voters . Republicans , meanwhile , are deeply divided over how to proceed . Conservatives warn that approving the Senate reforms or something similar would ensure that a Democrat occupies the White House for years to come . Rubio plunges into immigration debate head first More moderate Republicans argue that failing to do so would bring the same result . "  We must embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform , " the Republican National Committee concluded in its post-mortem of the 2012 presidential election , in which GOP nominee Mitt Romney lost to Obama . "  If we do not , our party 's appeal will continue to shrink to its core constituencies only . " Despite that conclusion , House Republicans have blocked the comprehensive reforms passed by the Senate . Obama said last week such division leaves him no recourse but to act on his own . If he does before the November election , as expected , it could hurt some Democrats running in traditionally conservative states . That would amount to short-term pain for potential long-term gain . CNN 's Athena Jones , Deirdre Walsh and Leigh Ann Caldwell contributed to this report .	President Obama looks at what he can do without Congress More than 11 million immigrants now live illegally in America Possibilities include work permits for a few million of them Both parties agree the system is broken , but ca n't agree on a fix
CNN  -- Has the new president turned around America 's image in other countries ? You could call it step one , with many more to go . Then-candidate Barack Obama gave a major speech in Berlin , Germany , in July of 2008 . In 2004 , President Bush visited Canada and faced massive protests and shouts of "  George Bush go home ! " But on Thursday , President Obama got a different reception when he crossed the northern border : adoring throngs of Canadians shouting , "  Yes we can ! " The new president vowed during the campaign to remake the image of the United States in the world . Last summer , for example , candidate Obama traveled to Europe and addressed thousands in Berlin , Germany . "  In Europe , the view that America is part of what has gone wrong in the world rather than a force to help make it right has become all too common , " Obama said when he spoke not far from what was once the Berlin Wall . But the public relations blitz that began during the campaign wo n't be limited to Europe in the Obama administration , as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton demonstrated when she traveled to Southeast Asia this week . "  We 're reaching out to the entire world , " she said in Indonesia . "  It 's not only the ASEAN countries that feel like the United States has been absent . " Watch more of Clinton 's trip to Asia " A survey released by the Pew Global Attitudes Project in December indicates that between 2002 and 2008 , favorable opinion of the United States declined in 14 out of the 19 countries polled . In Indonesia , where Clinton visited Wednesday and where Obama spent part of his childhood , favorable opinion of the United States plummeted from 61 percent to just 37 percent . Americans appear confident that world opinion can change under the new president . Last year , when Bush was president , only 24 percent of Americans believed world leaders respected the U.S. president , according to a recent Gallup poll . Now that Obama is in office , two-thirds of Americans believe the president is respected by world leaders . But Americans do n't think global attitudes toward the United States have shifted significantly . Just 45 percent of Americans now believe the country rates favorably in the eyes of the world , Gallup found . That 's only two points higher than last year . Americans and the rest of the world are waiting to see what kinds of policy changes President Obama will make . Watch more on Obama 's visit to Canada " The biggest change so far ? Closing the detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . More changes have been promised . "  This is the moment we must help answer the call for a new dawn in the Middle East , " Obama said in Berlin . He also promised action on climate change . "  This is the moment when we must come together to save this planet , " he said in the same speech . Canada -- where on Thursday Obama made his first foreign trip as president -- is one country where opinion may be shifting in America 's favor . Just 36 percent of Canadians say their country 's relationship with the United States has been good during the last couple of years , according to a recent Canadian Press/Harris-Decima survey . But more than twice that many -- 74 percent -- expect relations to be good in coming years . However , there are some thorny problems ahead for the two countries , particularly regarding Afghanistan . Obama has announced he will send an additional 17,000 U.S. troops to that country . But when Canadians were asked about extending their own troops ' mission in Afghanistan , they were opposed by nearly 2 to 1 . The world loves Obama . But does the world love the United States ? That relationship still needs some work .	Schneider : "  The world loves Obama . But does the world love the United States ? " Obama visits Canada on Thursday to throngs of cheering crowds Obama vowed during the campaign to remake the image of the United States Americans appear confident world opinion can change under Obama
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo believes his "  arrogant " image has prevented him from capturing the hearts of football fans across the globe . In an exclusive interview with CNN , the Real Madrid forward reveals how his onfield demeanor has left him sitting in the shadow of the sport 's golden boy and fans ' favorite , Lionel Messi . "  I do n't want to cry about it , but sometimes I think yes , " said Ronaldo after being asked whether his image had cost him in the past . "  It 's a question to which I never give the 100 % right answer , because sometimes I really do n't know . "  I do n't think it 's allowed for people to change my personality . "  Maybe sometimes , I agree that I have a bad image on the pitch because I 'm too serious . " Ronaldo and Messi will go head-to-head for the prestigious Ballon d'Or in January , with the Barcelona star having won the award on each of the previous three occasions . Barca 's unbeaten run ended by Celtic Both men have taken the sport to a new level with their record goalscoring feats -- Ronaldo has scored an astonishing 164 times in 160 appearances for the Spanish champions , while Messi hit 50 in La Liga alone last term . Ronaldo , who won the Ballon d'Or in 2008 when at Manchester United , led Madrid to the league title last season and has scored in his past six successive El Clasicos . The 27-year-old Portugal star is unhappy with how he 's often portrayed in the media compared to more "  loveable " Messi and says he has become a "  victim . " "  But if you really know me , if you are my friend and I leave you inside my house and you share the day with me , you will know I hate to lose , " he said . "  I learn by my mistakes and that 's life . You know , sometimes I 'm a victim of that because they do n't know the real Cristiano . "  But , this is part of the life . This is me . " Messi leads Ballon d'Or nominations While Messi often plays with a smile on his face like a kid in the schoolyard , Ronaldo is often seen moaning , gesticulating and scowling while trying to inspire Real to victory . But he insists that his competitive nature should not be mistaken for arrogance . "  I was in the swimming pool with my girlfriend and sometimes we like to have a race , " he said . "  Sometimes you have to give her an opportunity to be happy but I win because I do n't like to lose . "  It 's simple like that . Can you imagine me on the pitch playing against players , playing against other teams , it 's not allowed to let them win . "  I 'm a competitive man and sometimes people interpret that in a different way , which is a pain on me because I do n't like it , but I have to live . " Messi and Ronaldo ensure honors shared in 222nd El Clasico While many sports stars are keen to stay clear of their critics , Ronaldo is keen to embrace his and attempt to transform their opinions in the future . "  People who call me arrogant , I 'm interested -- not with all of them , but most of them , " he added . "  One day I would like to sit with them and have a chat to see in which way they think I 'm arrogant . "  You know , to have a chat , in a nice place and for them to get to know me , you understand ? "  Because I think they need to sit with me to know who the real Cristiano is . "	Cristiano Ronaldo tells CNN that his "  arrogant " image has cost him The 27-year-old believes he has become a "  victim " of his critics Portugal star last won the Ballon d'Or in 2008 while at Manchester United Real Madrid forward says he would like to face his detractors
CNN  -- Why does French dressmaker Chanel always seem chic ? What does British seamstress Vivienne Westwood have that others do n't ? And even though it 's been 25 years since "  Top Gun " , why does everybody still want a pair of Ray Bans ? The short answer is , they 're just really cool . It might be a subjective concept -- one man 's cool Hawaiian party shirt is another 's discarded Christmas gift -- but certain brands do seem to stay in fashion forever . It 's a phenomenon highlighted by the UK 's annual top 20 "  Cool Brands " list released today . Top of the pile is Aston Martin , James Bond 's car-maker of choice , followed by Apple and motorbike designer Harley Davidson . But numerous fashion labels make it onto the list , with Rolex highest among them at number four , followed by Nike , British designer Alexander McQueen and perennially cool Ray Ban sunglasses . Why denim never fades from fashion So , how did these brands manage to acquire this ineffable quality -- at least in the eyes of the Brits ? We ask chief executive of the Centre for Brand Analysis and "  CoolBrand " council chairman Stephen Cheliotis for his six rules of cool . 1 . Style is everything From the door handles to the website and the tags on the clothes to marketing events : If people are to be persuaded a brand is the height of cool , the devil is in the detail , says Cheliotis . "  It 's not just about making your clothes look good , " he insists . "  Absolutely everything associated with the brand has to exude style -- from the packaging to the company website , to the type-face on the inside label . " 2 . Never try too hard No one likes a busybody and , says Cheliotis , even the word "  cool " suggests a certain relaxed approach . "  The original idea of being cool is being laid back , not running around like a headless chicken trying desperately hard to please everyone . " This , he says , is true for people and fashion brands alike . So , if it feels like a brand is trying way too hard to impress -- chasing every trend going , for example -- then it probably wo n't . Celebrity fashion labels : The good , the bad and the ugly 3 . Stay true to the brand It 's not cool to fake it . In other words , if a company began life selling pretty knitwear , it should think very carefully before venturing into , say , leather jackets . "  You must always remain true to your roots , " instructs Cheliotis . "  Shoppers want something authentic and it 's obvious when you 're out of your comfort zone . " Designer Alexander McQueen may have recently passed away , he adds , but it does n't mean that his eponymous label should be tempted to change its style . "  As long as it  the label  sticks to his original vision it will probably stay on the list . " 4  Keep evolving This might sound at odds with the previous rule but , according to Cheliotis , it 's certainly not . "  One of the reasons we keep seeing the same brands on the list , like Nike and Rolex , is because they 're always innovative , but at the same time they retain their core identity . " 5  Do n't be promiscuous Some fashion houses squander their hard fought cool rep by plastering a company logo on everything that moves . In Cheliotis ' view , bootmaker Dr. Martens have been guilty in recent years of such profligacy . "  They were known for making really sturdy , simple and good quality footwear . Now they 've plastered their name on everything , it 's cheapened the brand and undermined their core product . " 6  Be humble A stark word of warning for self-satisfied designers everywhere . "  Successful brands do n't fixate over being cool , instead they just do their own their own thing , stick to their founding principles and follow what they think is right , " says Cheliotis . In other words , if you think you 're cool , you probably wo n't be for much longer .	Top "  Cool Brands " list has been released , includes seven fashion labels Rolex and Chanel all make the cut . What do they have that other brands do n't ? We ask "  Cool Brands " council chairman to tell share the secrets of cool brands
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Fernando Alonso declared he has reached the "  Last Chance Saloon " as Formula One rolls into the Wild West of Texas for Sunday 's U.S. Grand Prix . With three races left to run this season , the 33-year-old Ferrari driver has still not announced which team he will race for in 2015 . It is widely expected Alonso -- a two-time world champion with Renault in 2005 and 2006 -- will leave Ferrari and be replaced by four-time Red Bull champion Sebastian Vettel . When asked by CNN in Austin if he felt he had reached the end of the road when it came to choosing a team capable of powering him to a coveted third world title , he responded : "  Probably yes . "  Winning or not winning is a matter of being in the right place , at the right moment . "  Definitely I want to win . I want to win the third title . I 'm sure that I will have the opportunity in the next years . " Alonso is widely regarded as the most talented all-round driver among the current generation of racers . As such , the Spaniard is understood to hold the key to the major moves in F1 's driver merry-go-round . Video : Race around the awesome Austin circuit Vettel was asked at the Circuit of Americas why he has not revealed his plans despite announcing at the Japanese Grand Prix three weeks ago that he is leaving Red Bull at the end of the year . "  What 's the delay ? Because I 'm not allowed yet , " he explained . "  I think once it 's out you can make it out for yourself . " Alonso remains coolly enigmatic about where his future lies and the feisty driver is probably enjoying teasing the media pack eager for answers . "  At the end of the day , it 's my decision , what I want and what I need to do for my future , " he said . "  I will try to do the best for me and for Ferrari as well , as I always did , I understand everyone but I need to choose . "  Let 's wait . You want to know the taste before cooking the plate . Let 's wait . " Alonso has been linked with a return to McLaren , where he endured a tumultuous 2007 season as then debutant Lewis Hamilton 's teammate . He left in acrimonious circumstances after falling out over his status within the team . McLaren is entering a new phase next season with the return of its former engine partner Honda . But a return to McLaren could be doubly risky for Alonso as the Honda engines are as yet unproven . A potential move to McLaren has cast uncertainty over the future of the team 's current drivers Jenson Button , the 2009 world champion for Brawn Grand Prix , and Danish rookie Kevin Magnussen . "  I try not to think too much about it , at least in a negative way , " said Magnussen , who finished third on his grand prix debut in Australia . "  I still have a chance of being here next year so that 's what I 'm focused on . I can only do my best to really show that I can give them something positive for the future . "  You really need to deliver when you 're a McLaren driver . I 've got to do that . "  I think I 've done a decent job this year , I know my potential and I know I can do a lot better . "  I do n't have a Plan B. I 'm fully focused on Plan A. " When Alonso signed for Ferrari in 2010 , it looked like a match made in motor racing heaven . But although he narrowly lost the title to Vettel in 2010 and 2012 , the famous Italian team has struggled to provide a car capable of consistently challenging for the title . Alonso is understood to feel it is time to move on although he said a reported sabbatical from the sport was "  unlikely . " The Spaniard is , at least , sanguine about the lessons he learned with Ferrari , with which he has won 11 grands prix . "  Getting the respect of everyone has more value sometimes , " he told CNN . "  Like these five years at Ferrari . "  When I joined in September 2009 I did n't have the respect that I have now , in five years it was difficult but I grew up as a driver and a person . " Alonso may be older and wiser but F1 's gunslinger is still calling the shots in the driver market .	Fernando Alonso is widely expected to leave Ferrari at the end of the season The Spaniard has been with the Italian F1 team since 2010 Alonso won back-to-back drivers ' championships in 2005 and 2006 The U.S. Grand Prix takes place in Austin , Texas on Sunday
CNN  -- Much as I love the Internet -- and I love it thiiiiiiiis much ! -- it is not a physical space . And no factor so directly and causally affects us as our physical space . The temperature in your room determines which drawers you 'll open when you 're choosing your clothes . The location of your stove determines where you 'll cook . The distance to the front door determines the magnitude of the interruption when someone knocks . The fact that stores are away from our homes explains entire concepts like "  errands . " Half of what I find annoying in life is due to things not being near me when I want them . The space we 're in is deeply determinative of the lives we lead . So , when a CEO says that I ca n't work at home any more , it 's very much like being fired from one job and hired for another without anyone asking if I agree to the deal . CEO right : Yahoo workers must show up For me , this is ultimately the arrogance of Marissa Mayer 's mandate that Yahoo employees can no longer work from home . Which is a way of saying that I want to skip two other arguments . The first is about whether letting people work from home is good or bad for a business . I think we all agree that physical proximity breeds an intimacy that online connections can not , and it enables sustained creative development that online interactions inhibit . Policy riles workers everywhere Except we do n't all agree . For instance , I do n't . I 've worked at home for many years over the past couple of decades , and I do n't believe I always work better in an office . After all , the main point of space is to keep things apart , whereas the Net only exists as a set of connections . And the Net as a social platform is getting so sophisticated that for many sorts of ideas at many stages of development , it makes the real world look like a big box of 404s .  Disclosure : I work in an office with hugely creative people and enjoy it . Slightly more scientifically : The research data on this topic are hard to generalize from . For example , studies that show that dispersed coding teams work more slowly may simply be an indication that these dispersed teams need better tools or management . And perhaps in particular circumstances a balanced approach -- Together Tuesdays ! -- might work . So , that 's the first argument I do n't want to have . At least not here . Who works from home and how they do it The second is about whether Marissa Mayer is a hypocritical , entitled , privileged , spoiled 1 % ` er because she gets to bring her infant to work with her . The content of her character is irrelevant to whether she 's made a good decision . Even entitled 1 % ` ers are sometimes right . So let 's not have that argument either . Instead I want to ask what sort of decision Mayer has made . Point No. 1 is where we began : A change in place is one of the most profound changes one can make . Imagine you are working at home and your company gives you the choice of either working 9 to 5 in the office or moving to another state where you will be allowed to telecommute . I personally would have considered moving . Perhaps you would n't . But the point is that those two choices are roughly equivalent for many of us . That 's how big a deal it is to be told to show up for work every day . It 's a big , big deal . A work-at-home mom defends Yahoo 's Mayer Point No. 2 is that Mayer clearly has issued this edict to send a signal . Otherwise , she would have announced that Yahoo is going to re-evaluate the work-at-home folks on an individual basis . If your job passes the test , congrats , you can stay in your bathrobe . But requiring everyone to show up all the time is a signal expressed as a policy . The problem is that if you send a signal by , say , firing off a flare , you 're supposed to aim the flare well over the heads of the folks in the lifeboat . If you aim it at them and set some of them on fire , it 's not a signal any more . It 's an assault with a bright weapon . Opinion : Allow Yahoo workers to work at home So , while Mayer has successfully signaled that Yahoo is desperate , the signal contains other messages , as well . The first message is that she distrusts her employees , and distrusts the Net . The second is that she does n't understand how important where one works is to an ordinary person 's life -- not just to the quality of one 's life , but to the substance of it . This is odd since she herself has said that for her , family comes before Yahoo . Third , she has signaled that sending signals is her idea of substance . Bad signals . Especially since to the recipients , they are not signals but wrenching changes in what is the most important element of our lives : our place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Weinberger .	David Weinberger : Mayer shows arrogance to require Yahoo workers to come in If you 've signed on for telecommuting , banning it is like a firing and rehiring , he says Mayer signals Yahoo is desperate , he says , but it conveys disdain for workers Weinberger : She seems unaware how important "  place " is to an ordinary person 's life
Beijing  CNN  -- Xi Jinping is a mystery . So much so that the presumed leader-in-waiting of the world 's most populous nation could vanish for more than a week without any explanation being given . In September this year , Xi disappeared . It sparked a flurry of rumors : he 'd had a heart attack , suffered a stroke , was injured swimming , and had even gone on strike . Xi eventually re-appeared and normal transmission was resumed . But should we be so surprised ? Barely an analyst I 've spoken to can say they really know him , or what type of leader he would be . Mike Chinoy , a former CNN correspondent and now a senior fellow at the University of Southern California 's U.S-China Institute , has seen China 's leaders come and go but concedes Xi is difficult to read . "  Xi Jinping is in many ways an unknown commodity . He 's risen to the top of the Chinese system by being very careful not to disclose what he really thinks , " Chinoy said . CNNMoney : Economy key to China 's transition But this is not an era characterized by leaders such as Mao Zedong or Deng Xiaoping , Chinoy added . The China of the 21st century has no supreme leader . The modern Chinese Communist Party is run by a small collective , the nine members of Politburo Standing Committee of which Xi is expected to be the next leader . This is an opaque system . It is a transition worked out behind doors -- nothing is left to chance and little is revealed to the Chinese people . As the United States prepares to elect its next president this week , a very different , more selective "  democracy " is taking place in China . The 18th Communist Party Congress will come together on November 8 to chart a new course for the country , say farewell to the old leadership and usher in a new generation . More than 2,200 delegates from across China will gather for the Congress , and they in turn select the 200 plus members of the party 's Central Committee , who in turn appoint the Politburo and ultimately the all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee -- the country 's decision makers . But most , if not all , of the outcomes are predetermined . The Congress itself meets every five years . It is designed to assess the country 's progress , and set new directions . Every ten years it selects the new leadership . This year the legacy of the Hu Jintao years is under the microscope . Under President Hu and his Premier , Wen Jiabao , China 's economy has continued to grow , lifting tens of millions of people out of poverty . China is now entrenched as the world 's second biggest economy and closing fast on the United States . But there are disappointments , and Hu 's much vaunted "  harmonious society " is showing signs of cracking . "  These ten years without them accomplishing anything but following old customs without innovation can even be described as political backwardness . It could be seen as a mark of shame in Communist Party history , " said Zhang Ming , an analyst from China 's Renmin University . Historian Zhang Lifan is even more devastating in his assessment . He believes the very future of the party itself is at risk . "  I once told someone in the party , ` if your party is to fail one day , when they look for the reason of their failure , this period would be a main part , ' " he said . Certainly it has been a tumultuous year . The veil of secrecy around the party itself has been lifted , with reports of rifts and infighting . The purge of party power broker , Bo Xilai , sparked China 's biggest political scandal in decades . Bo , once party chief of the massive metropolis of Chongqing , is now in disgrace awaiting trial . His wife , Gu Kailai , is in prison , convicted of murdering a British business associate . The case of human rights campaigner Chen Guangcheng made global headlines . The blind activist escaped house arrest and took refuge in the U.S Embassy in Beijing , before fleeing to America where he now lives with his family . China is treading many fault lines : a widening gap between rich and poor , rising unrest about everything from pollution to land seizures , and a slowing economy that some say is in need of serious reform . To some China watchers , Xi is going to need to be a traitor to his own class if he is to succeed . Critics say the party and China 's elite have lost touch with the people and are facing a crisis of legitimacy . But others warn against looking to Xi for radical change -- as first and foremost he is a son of the party . "  He is part of a consensus to keep the Communist Party as the only ruling party . Any so-called liberty must only be on the condition of the survival of a one-party dictatorship , " said historian Zhang . What happens in China no longer stays in China . In a world still mired in economic crisis , China is an engine of growth . As the Chinese economy slows , alarm bells sound . China is also rattling nations in its own region . Territorial disputes with the likes of Japan and the Philippines have made China 's neighbors nervous . Meanwhile , the U.S. is pivoting its geo-strategic policy away from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to east Asia , strengthening key alliances and even boosting its military presence in the region -- much to the consternation of Beijing . Internal strife and external tensions -- this is the China that Xi stands to inherit . Kevin Rudd , a former Australian Prime Minister and once a diplomat in Beijing , has met Xi and says he is a man "  you can do business with . " Yet Xi remains largely unknowable , a man who could disappear without explanation .	China preparing to bring in its next generation of leaders at its party congress Mike Chinoy : Xi Jinping is in many ways an unknown commodity Modern Chinese Communist Party is run by a small collective Xi will face slowing economy , internal friction and regional disputes
CNN  -- There was n't much drama in Serena Williams ' opening match at the French Open this year . She 'll take it . Last season at Roland Garros , Frenchwoman Virginie Razzano handed Williams her first loss in the first round of a grand slam tournament -- and Williams has been playing majors for a while , since 1999 . Williams , uncharacteristically , blew a one-set lead as well as a sizable advantage in the second-set tiebreak before appearing to cry in her chair . Razzano , cramping , withstood a late rally from Williams in the third set to extend the current No. 1 's struggles at the French Open , the lone grand slam the American has n't won more than once . On Sunday as this year 's tournament began , Williams cruised past Georgia 's Anna Tatishvili 6-0 , 6-1 to extend her winning streak to 25 matches . "  It has n't been working out for me , " said Williams , referring to her past performances at the French Open . "  I just think I may have gotten nervous in the past or may have basically choked a few matches away . "  Some matches I just lost because maybe I was n't intense enough or maybe I did n't do enough work before I got here to the tournament . " Williams won over the crowd on center court by practicing her French , but most at Roland Garros will likely be rooting for her next opponent , Caroline Garcia , since she 's French . Garcia once led Maria Sharapova , the reigning French Open champion , by a set and break at the tournament . The player Sharapova beat in last year 's final , Sara Errani , also eased into the second round . The Italian downed slumping Dutchwoman Arantxa Rus 6-1 , 6-2 . In men 's action Roger Federer -- the French Open is the lone grand slam he has n't won more than once -- disposed of Spanish qualifier Pablo Carreno Busta 6-2 , 6-2 , 6-3 . Federer , the owner of a men 's record 17 majors , made it look easy against Carreno Busta , who won seven straight tournaments at the lower level this season . "  I felt good , " said Federer . "  He 's played many matches and won a lot this year - a lot on clay , by comparison with me . I knew it could be tricky if I did n't sustain a certain aggressiveness , get caught up in long rallies , maybe what he 's looking for . "  I did well on the serve , on the return , on movement . Clearly I 'm very pleased . Am I a favorite to win here ? I do n't care , because it does n't give me any more opportunities to win the tournament . I just want to remain calm and let the storm go by . " Federer seemed to catch a break in the draw when he was put in the same half as fourth-seed David Ferrer and not seven-time tournament winner Rafael Nadal , the third seed . Ferrer , never into a grand slam final , recorded a straight-set win over Australian Marinko Matosevic . Matosevic 's veteran countryman , Lleyton Hewitt , took part in the day 's most dramatic match , blowing a two-set lead and falling to Gilles Simon 3-6 , 1-6 , 6-4 , 6-1 , 7-5 . Simon originally held a 5-0 lead in the fifth . Hewitt , who lost his fourth straight encounter , continues to compete , despite hip problems . "  Physically I feel good . I was never going to play a lot of clay tournaments anyway , " the 32-year-old former Wimbledon champion said . "  I wanted to be fresh physically and mentally for the grass season . I still trained extremely hard , though , so that was good . Now we will see what happens on the grass . " Nadal and Sharapova contest their opening matches Monday .	Serena Williams drops one game in winning her first round match at the French Open Williams lost in the first round last year , her lone exit at the opening stage of a major Roger Federer advances in straight sets over a Spanish qualifier Former world No. 1 Lleyton Hewitt blows a two-set lead to France 's Gilles Simon
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- They were roaming the halls of South Philadelphia High School looking for a fight . Their target , according to police : Asian students . By the end of the school day , as many as 30 students of Asian descent had been physically attacked and many were sent to the hospital for treatment , according to school and law enforcement officials . Wei Chen , who was a senior at the time , remembers December 3 , 2009 , like it was yesterday . "  They were sitting along the wall , " he recalled . "  I saw the one student , his whole T-shirt -LSB- was bloody -RSB- because his nose is broken . " Wei was not injured in last year 's melee , but he said the violence was racial tension between black and Asian immigrant students reaching its breaking point . After being attacked as a freshman and witnessing other attacks on Asian students , Wei founded the Chinese Student Association to help new Chinese students -- many who recently immigrated to the country -- adjust to life at South Philly High . He also kept track of the incidents of violence against Asian students . Last year 's altercation was the final straw . Wei and 50 other students organized an eight-day boycott of the school . They wanted to draw attention to what they felt was an inadequate response by the school staff to the ongoing harassment and violence leading up to the December 3 incident . "  School should be safe , " he said . "  The school should be responsible for students ' safety . This is important . " Bach Tong , a native of Vietnam , was one of the students who participated in the boycott . He said standing up for what he believed in helped him find his voice . "  You know , I see not everyone speak up , so I need to stand up for myself 'cause I see myself in there , I see trouble in there , " said Tong , who was a sophomore at the time of the incident . "  I can not be selfish and stay aside to watch other people fixing stuff for me . I mean , I need to stand up and -LSB- fix -RSB- stuff for myself . " During those eight days , Wei , Tong and the other students met in Philadelphia 's Chinatown neighborhood during school hours , doing their schoolwork , holding rallies , and talking about ways to deal with violence at the school . Despite taking a stand , Tong transferred out of South Philly High a year later , fearing for his safety and concerned about his education . Nevertheless , the boycott helped trigger nationwide attention to the violence against Asian students at South Philly High . Months later , a federal investigation was launched following a formal civil rights complaint filed by the Asian American Legal Defense Fund . "  It 's huge , " said Cecilia Chen , staff attorney for the Asian American Legal Defense Fund . "  It 's basically the federal government coming in and saying that the school district has failed to protect the constitutional rights of its students , which they have an obligation to do , " Chen said . According to the complaint , "  the District and the School acted with ` deliberate indifference ' to the harassment against Asian students and ` intentional disregard for the welfare of Asian students ' " at the school . The Justice Department , which announced its investigation in August , has instructed the school system to improve the treatment of Asian students . And today , the perception among students and their families is that things are slowly changing . The school 's principal resigned in May , security has been increased , and the school district has said there have been fewer reports of student assaults . The superintendent of schools did not return CNN 's calls for a comment , but the school 's new principal , Otis Hackney , says security at South Philly High is his top priority . "  There is no room for bullying at school , " Hackney said in a recent phone interview . "  As principal , my No. 1 priority is to make sure my building is safe . " Hackney is the fifth principal in six years at South Philly High . A West Philadelphia native , Hackney wants his school off the state 's "  persistently dangerous " list , as well as meeting the Adequate Yearly Progress requirements , something his school has not achieved , he said . Hackney used education "  to change his situation , " he said . "  I care because I was built this way , " he said . "  I just truly see education as the way . " Next month , South Philly High students will launch a campaign for nonviolent schools with the help of the city 's youth-led Philadelphia Student Union . The campaign seeks to improve school climate and enhance the trust between students and staff . Student Union member Shania Morris was in the eighth grade when last December 's violence erupted at South Philly . Moved by the boycott , she wanted to make a difference in schools . "  We just want to fight to make a change in our schools so that they 're nonviolent , " said Morris , now a high school freshman . "  What we believe is that nonviolence is power that helps people rather than hurts . " While things have improved , it is a bittersweet accomplishment , says advocate Helen Gym , a board member for Asian Americans United . "  For all the wonderful students that we 've worked with who stood up around the issue , we 've lost dozens more , " said Gym , who helped many Asian students document their experiences . "  Kids who just dropped out , kids who just gave up , kids who are lost . You know this is some small consolation , but ... we lost a generation of kids . " But for Wei Chen , who now attends Community College of Philadelphia , speaking out helped him find his inner strength . "  We have the power to change ; we can do something , " he said . "  It 's not only adults who can do something , we can do something . I trust this . "	Last December , as many as 30 Asian students were attacked at South Philly High Asian students boycotted the school to protest what they felt was a lack of response The Justice Department has instructed the school to better protect Asian students New principal Otis Hackney says security is his "  No. 1 priority "
San Diego , California  CNN  -- When I speak to college students , I always push two messages : If you work hard , take risks , leave your comfort zone and never give up , you can do anything you want to in life ; and part of life is competition , because no matter what you want , you can bet that someone else wants it too . Competition . A simple concept and a beneficial one . It makes us better by forcing us to work harder . Sadly , it 's also an idea that is going out of style in a society where students expect to get good grades just for showing up , where everyone gets a ribbon no matter where they finish , and where parents scheme to get their kids into college by lobbying state legislatures to create set-asides for in-state residents at public universities . When we 're not hiding from domestic competition , we 're trying to shield ourselves from the foreign variety . High-skilled workers do n't want to compete with those from China , India or Pakistan . Low-skilled workers are just as afraid of those from Mexico , Guatemala or El Salvador . Politicians only make matters worse . While Republicans exploit the immigration issue , Democrats do the same thing with trade . In last year 's Democratic presidential primary , Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton tried to give displaced workers in Ohio , Michigan and Pennsylvania a convenient villain to blame -- the North American Free Trade Agreement . Both parties use lies and demagoguery to exploit fears and convince frightened Americans that we can fence ourselves off from competition . Build a wall . Impose a tariff . All so we do n't have to put up with the annoyance of being forced to out-work , out-produce and out-hustle someone else to make a living . Imagine that . What people in other countries accept as the natural order , we continue to resist . What our own parents and grandparents came to expect decades ago when they went after a job , we think we 're above . We 've come to think that competition is cruel because there are winners and losers ; so we spend all our time devising new ways to minimize the losing . Our elected officials should inspire us to be better people , and to learn to accept competition as part of life . Instead , most of them are too busy telling us what we want to hear so we 'll like them better and buy whatever they 're selling at the moment . Consider what Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , is pitching . He has just written a new 10-point immigration reform bill that he plans to introduce any day now . In addition to providing a pathway to legalize 12 million illegal immigrants , Gutierrez proposes to manage future immigrant flow by establishing a commission that ties foreign visas to labor market demand . "  Here 's the guiding principle , " Gutierrez said on National Public Radio 's "  Tell Me More with Michel Martin " in explaining the rationale for his bill . "  No American worker , no citizen of the United States , no one born here in this country should ever have to lose an opportunity for gainful employment at the expense of someone not born here . " As principles go , that one is dreadful . Gutierrez 's bill has some good things in it , but it also has some things we could do without . A commission that protects American workers from competing with foreigners belongs in the second category . Think about it . Why should "  no one born here in this country ... ever lose an opportunity for gainful employment at the expense of someone not born here ? " Remember , these are n't illegal immigrants but legal immigrants coming on visas . Why should U.S. citizens get a benefit not from education or hard work but from something they had nothing to do with -- where they were born ? If a job is available , U.S. workers should be free to compete for it , but not have it handed to them on a silver platter . Likewise , foreign workers who come here legally should have a shot at competing for that same job . Of course , protectionists claim that the playing field is n't level since foreign workers will often accept less money to do the same job , thus putting American workers at a disadvantage . Tough . President John Kennedy had it right . At a press conference in March 1962 , while fielding a question about military reservists who were upset at being mobilized and deployed to Europe and Southeast Asia , Kennedy made the point that there is no level playing field -- not ever . "  There is always inequity in life , " he said . "  Some men are killed in a war , and some men are wounded , and some men never leave the country , and some men are stationed in the Antarctic , and some are stationed in San Francisco . It 's very hard in military or in personal life to assure complete equality . Life is unfair . " Exactly . Bad news , Rep. Gutierrez . You 're no Jack Kennedy . How sad that our current crop of elected leaders has strayed so far from such straight talk . Instead , they coddle us and make us comfortable with our fears -- all so we 'll keep re-electing them . That way , they do n't have to go into the private sector and compete for jobs with the rest of us . You see , our aversion to competition starts at the top . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Competition is a fact of life , says Ruben Navarrette Jr. . He says some are seeking to protect U.S. workers even from legal immigrants Navarrette : Politicians should stop trying to insulate U.S. workers from reality of competition
CNN  -- The United States has a new charge d'affairs in Libya to oversee diplomatic efforts in the wake of Ambassador Chris Stevens ' killing . Laurence Pope arrived Thursday in Tripoli to take on the role , the State Department announced . With no ambassador in the country , Pope will handle those duties . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Pope "  looks forward to working with the Libyan government and the Libyan people during this historic and challenging time , as we build strong economic , social , political , and educational bridges between our two people . " "  We will continue to assist as Libya builds democratic institutions and broad respect for the rule of law -- the goals that Ambassador Stevens worked hard to achieve , " Nuland said in a written statement . Pope , who was born in 1945 , is coming out of retirement to take the job . A speaker of Arabic and French , he spent decades in the diplomatic ranks , beginning in 1969 , before retiring in 2000 . He held some senior posts , including director of Northern Gulf Affairs , associate director for counterterrorism , and political adviser to the commander of U.S. Central Command .	Laurence Pope is the new charge d'affairs in Libya , handling ambassador duties He came out of retirement to take the job The United States vows to continue building ties with Libya
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Ukraine 's President-elect Petro Poroshenko has vowed to punish the "  bandits " who shot down a military helicopter as the government 's efforts to rein in pro-Russia separatists continue . "  The deaths of the military troops in Slovyansk are pain our whole nation is feeling , " Poroshenko posted on his Facebook page late Thursday . "  While mourning with rest of the Ukraine , I give my condolences to the families and loved ones of the fallen heroes . Crimes of the bandits will not be left unpunished . " Militants in the rebel stronghold of Slovyansk , in the Donetsk region , claimed responsibility for downing the helicopter , a spokesman for the separatists said . A dozen servicemen died , authorities said , including a general . The separatist unrest that has gripped Ukraine in recent weeks has been centered in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk . Acting Ukrainian Defense Minister Mikhail Koval said Friday that the military would continue its "  anti-terrorism " operation until the east has been fully stabilized , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . "  We will work until this region starts living and functioning normally , and the people there feel safe , " Koval is quoted as saying . International monitors sent by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , at the invitation of Ukraine , have been surveying the situation on the ground -- but they appear increasingly at risk of being targeted by armed groups . Four are said to be in the hands of pro-Russian separatists in Slovyansk , having gone missing Monday . And Friday , the OSCE said it had also lost contact with some members of its Luhansk-based team as of the previous evening after armed men stopped them . The team , which was in Severodonetsk , about 60 miles north of the city of Luhansk , consists of four international monitors and a Ukrainian translator , traveling in two vehicles , the OSCE statement said . Another 11 monitors were detained for several hours Wednesday after armed men stopped them in Marinka , west of the city of Donetsk , but were later released , according to the OSCE . Several weeks ago , another OSCE team was taken captive by militant separatists in Slovyansk . Its members were freed a little more than a week later . Grenade blast Many are now looking at Poroshenko , whose inauguration is expected next week , to restore peace and stability to the divided nation . Amid simmering tensions , heavily armed militants clashed with a National Guard unit Thursday in the town of Oleksandrivsk in the Luhansk region , the National Guard said on its website . A grenade hit the unit 's weapons depot , which exploded , destroying weapons and ammunition , the guard said . No casualties were reported . On Monday , a Ukrainian military operation against pro-Russia militants who had seized a part of Donetsk International Airport resulted in as many as 70 deaths , according to the separatists , although local officials ' estimates were lower . At least 33 Russian citizens are among the militants killed , a spokesman for the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic told CNN . Their bodies are to be returned to Russia . Kiev and the West have accused Russia of coordinating and supplying the separatists , an allegation Moscow has denied . Russian troops ` pulling back ' On Thursday , a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the latest intelligence said 30,000 Russian troops that had been amassed along the Russia-Ukraine border have been moving back to their home bases over the past several days . About 10,000 troops -- mainly infantry -- remain along Russia 's border with eastern Ukraine , the official said , and there are signs those troops will be pulling back as well . NATO this week also reported that some Russian troops near Ukraine 's eastern border may be preparing to pull back . The United States has been using satellites to track Russian troop movements for weeks , and both the United States and NATO have released imagery to bolster their case that Russia had amassed tens of thousands of troops along the border . U.S. officials have said it appears the Russians have decided to try to work with the new Ukrainian government , but officials also point out that it would n't take much to bring a large number of Russian forces back to the border via transport aircraft at any time . Diplomatic steps Poroshenko has been invited by French President Francois Hollande to attend the 70th D-Day commemoration ceremonies on June 6 , the Elysee Palace said . Russian President Vladimir Putin is also invited to take part in the D-Day ceremonies , raising the prospect that the leaders could hold discussions then . Even if international diplomatic efforts bear fruit , talks on the ground in Ukraine are complicated by divisions within the separatist movement . Serhiy Taruta , the billionaire governor of Donetsk , told CNN Thursday he was in talks with pro-Russia separatist leaders in the region to try to calm the situation . But he suggested it was not proving easy . "  We are having dialogue , which is dragging out because they seem to have a constant rotation of their leaders , but I hope that in the final analysis we will reach an agreement and reconciliation to work together , " he said . Taruta has met with Poroshenko in Kiev , he said , adding that the President-elect will visit the Donetsk region "  we hope in the first half of June . " The governor , speaking in Kiev , acknowledged that a Ukrainian military operation was under way in the Donetsk region , but he was unable to comment further . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Donetsk , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Hala Gorani and Boriana Milanova contributed to this report , as did journalist Francesca Humi .	Four more international monitors have gone missing , this time in Luhansk President-elect Petro Poroshenko says he will punish those behind helicopter attack Acting Ukraine defense minister says military operation will continue until east is stable Separatist militants clash with National Guard unit in Luhansk region
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- A grand jury has indicted four people in the shooting death of a woman during what police say was a Ku Klux Klan initiation rite in the Louisiana woods , St. Tammany Parish prosecutors said . Raymond "  Chuck " Foster is reputed to be the leader of the Klan Group . He was among the four indicted . Raymond "  Chuck " Foster , 44 , was indicted on second-degree murder charges Wednesday in the November death of Cynthia Lynch , 43 , of Tulsa , Oklahoma . If convicted , he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison , said Rick Wood , spokesman for the St. Tammany Parish district attorney 's office . "  That 's what he was charged with , " Wood told reporters on Wednesday . "  The grand jury agreed with that charge . " Two other men , including Foster 's son , Shane Foster , were indicted on a count of obstruction of justice , and a woman , Danielle Jones , was indicted on one count of being an accessory after the fact . Wood said Thursday Foster 's case was assigned to one judge and the others ' cases were assigned to another . Foster is scheduled to be arraigned March 3 , he said , and the others are set for arraignment next week . Eight people initially were arrested in the case . The remaining four were not indicted . "  Have n't seen one like this , " Wood said Wednesday . "  We 've had a lot of high-profile cases , but not one like this . ... As  district attorney  Walter Reed said , it will be to the max . They will be prosecuted to the max . " Authorities said Lynch was recruited over the Internet and took a bus to Slidell , Louisiana , where she was met by two Klan members . They then went to a campsite in the woods near Sun , Louisiana , about 60 miles north of New Orleans , where they met other members of the group , police said . During the initiation rite , members of the Klan group , which calls itself the Sons of Dixie , shaved Lynch 's head , according to Capt. George Bonnett of the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff 's Department and Sheriff Jack Strain , who spoke to CNN in November . After 24 hours of drills , including chanting and running with torches , she asked to be taken to town . An argument began , authorities said , and the group 's leader , Raymond Foster , pushed Lynch to the ground and shot her without warning . Lynch apparently wanted to leave because she was homesick , investigators found after talking to her family members . After the shooting , "  Foster , we believe , removed a knife from his pocket and rolled over the victim and began a process of trying to remove the bullet from her body ... because he was trying to destroy evidence where law enforcement would not be able to piece these things together , " Strain said . Police believe other members of the Sons of Dixie helped cover up the slaying on Foster 's behalf , Strain said at the time , including burning some of Lynch 's personal items . "  We 're up to the challenge , " Wood told reporters after the indictments were handed up Wednesday . "  This office is ready to proceed and take care of business . " Authorities received the initial tip about the slaying from a convenience store clerk , after two group members went into the store and asked him if he knew how to get bloodstains out of their clothes . The clerk told them he did not , then called police after they left . Officials tracked down those two members and arrested them , then arrested others at the campsite and Foster . All the members surrendered without incident , police said . Investigators found Confederate battle flags , Ku Klux Klan banners , five Klan robes and an Imperial Wizard robe at the campsite , authorities said . Lynch 's body was found under loose brush along a road several miles from the campsite . Raymond Foster has a history of Ku Klux Klan activity dating back seven years , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , a Montgomery , Alabama-based organization that tracks hate groups .	Police say Cynthia Lynch of Tulsa shot as she tried to leave KKK rite Raymond "  Chuck " Foster is reputed leader of Klan group Foster , his son , two others accused in indictment of second-degree murder "  They will be prosecuted to the max , " spokesman for prosecutor said
CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Sunday the United States and its allies must have patience if his country is not ready to assume control of its own security by July 2011 , when U.S. troops would begin leaving under President Obama 's plan . Karzai spoke to CNN 's "  Amanpour " program in his first television interview since Obama 's announcement last week that he will deploy an additional 30,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan . Obama also said the U.S. forces would begin withdrawing from Afghanistan in July 2011 . The date was not "  an exit announcement , " but instead a goal for Afghan forces to be able to start assuming security control from U.S.-led allied forces , Karzai said in the interview . "  We will try our best as the Afghan people to do it the soonest possible , " Karzai said . "  But the international community must have also the patience with us and the realization of the realities in Afghanistan . If it takes longer , then they must be with us . " Karzai also offered his own timeline goal , saying Afghanistan wants to be able to assume security control in some parts of the country in two years , and to lead security for the entire country by the end of his five-year term , which just started after his recent re-election . "  We as Afghans will try our very best to reach that goal , and we hope our allies will back us to reach that goal , " Karzai said . Later Sunday , Obama 's national security adviser , retired Marine Gen. Jim Jones , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the July 2011 date was "  not a cliff " for U.S. withdrawal , but instead the start of a gradual slope for turning over security responsibility to Afghanistan . Obama "  has also said that we 're not leaving Afghanistan , " Jones noted , adding : "  We are here to make sure that Afghanistan succeeds . " To prepare his country , Karzai said , he would do all he can to root out corruption and improve governance . He has fired corrupt officials already , he said , adding he is prepared to act against anyone proven to be breaking the law . However , he warned against other nations using the corruption as a political tool in making decisions about Afghanistan . And he said the United States and its allies also must halt practices that contribute to corruption from outside the country or create what he called "  parallel " governance issues . The main objective for Afghanistan and its allies is to defeat terrorism and return peace to the nation , neighboring Pakistan and the region , Karzai said . That means training Afghan security forces , rebuilding the economy and other nation-building efforts , he said . "  I have fired people and I will be firing people , " Karzai said . He seemed to laugh when he was played a video clip of White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs saying the United States would bypass corrupt government officials if necessary . "  Afghanistan is a sovereign country , it has a sovereign government , it 's not an occupied country , " Karzai said , adding that a foreign power ca n't undermine or go around the government to deal with whomever it chooses . Top priorities on a "  long list " of reforms include improving the rule of law , improving the judiciary , reducing bureaucracy that forces people to visit dozens of offices to get licenses , and other steps to make the government more transparent and simpler , Karzai said . However , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in interviews broadcast Sunday that Karzai still must prove he means what he says . "  The proof is in the pudding , " Clinton said on the ABC program "  This Week . " "  We 're going to have to wait to see how it unfolds . " U.S. assistance will be "  based on a certification of accountability and transparency , " Clinton said on the CBS program "  Face the Nation , " adding that "  certain ministries ... American money will not be going to . " In his CNN interview , Karzai said his government would welcome Taliban supporters who had no ties to al Qaeda or other terrorist networks , renounced violence and pledged to support the constitution . Clinton told ABC 's "  This Week " that such reintegration might be possible with lower-level Taliban members , but not the hard-core leadership . "  We have no firm information whether any of those leaders would be at all interested in following that kind of a path , " Clinton said . "  In fact , I 'm highly skeptical that any of them would . " Eradicating terrorist networks and helping Karzai 's government defeat the Taliban insurgency are main goals of the U.S.-led mission . Approximately 1,000 U.S. Marines are expected to deploy this month as the first wave of the new deployment , military officials say . The Army may not deploy the first soldiers until at least March . Testifying before a congressional committee last week , Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said a "  significant " number of troops will arrive in the spring and summer , with the final troops moving to Afghanistan by late summer or early fall . Meanwhile , the White House said Obama would meet with Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , and Karl Eikenberry , the U.S. ambassador in Kabul , on Monday . Both are expected to testify before Congress this week . Clinton and NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Friday that Britain , Italy , Poland , Slovakia and non-NATO member Georgia are among at least 25 countries offering to send a total of 7,000 additional troops . At present , there are 68,000 U.S. troops operating under both NATO and U.S. commands in Afghanistan , and around 42,000 non-U.S. forces under NATO .	NEW : "  Proof is in the pudding " on Afghan reform promises , Hillary Clinton says "  We will try our best " to be ready to take over security in 2011 , Karzai says President Obama has said U.S. troops will start leaving Afghanistan in 2011 Afghan president says Obama timeline is a goal , not "  an exit announcement "
CNN  -- A Russian rocket docked late Tuesday with the International Space Station , bringing two space veterans and a rookie astronaut one step closer to a long stay orbiting the Earth . The three -- Russian cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin , American astronaut Karen Nyberg and Italian Luca Parmitano of the European Space Agency -- will spend the next six months at the space station until their scheduled departure in mid-November . Read more : Crew takes first fast-track flight to International Space Station The Soyuz capsule carrying them into orbit lifted off at 2:31 a.m. Wednesday  4:31 p.m. ET Tuesday  from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for a nearly six-hour flight to the station . Once inside the space station , they will join Chris Cassidy of NASA and Pavel Vinogradov and Alexander Misurkin of the Russian space agency Roscosmos , who have been in the orbiter since March . Read more : 3 new planets could host life This is the fourth trip into orbit for Yurchikhin , who has been to the space station twice before and flew aboard the Space Shuttle Atlantis in 2002 . Nyberg went into space on the Shuttle Discovery in 2008 , while Parmitano is making his first space flight . They 're replacing three crew members who returned to Earth two weeks ago . One of them was Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield , who became a viral video hit by singing David Bowie 's "  Space Oddity " in a five-minute clip recorded on the station .	NEW : The Soyuz capsule docked to the space station late Tuesday Two veteran space travelers and one rookie is inside the Russian rocket They 'll spend the next six months in space The latest ISS crew set off hours earlier from Kazakhstan
CNN  -- Senate Republicans and Democrats remain far apart in their effort to avert a year-end combination of spending cuts and tax increases that could trigger a new recession , Majority Leader Harry Reid said Sunday . "  There 's still significant distance between the two sides , but negotiations continue , " Reid said as Congress held a rare Sunday session in a bid to avoid the so-called fiscal cliff . "  There 's still time left to reach an agreement , and we intend to continue negotiations . " No votes will be held Sunday , but Reid said there may be further announcements when the Senate reconvenes Monday morning : "  I certainly hope so . " With barely a day left to avert what economists predict will be a one-two punch to the U.S. economy , talks hit what a Democratic source called a "  major setback " when Republicans insisted that changes to how Social Security benefits are adjusted for inflation be included . Republicans have dropped that demand , but "  they never should have been on the table to begin with , " said Reid , D-Nevada . Using what 's known as "  chained CPI " would change the way Social Security benefits are adjusted for inflation , meaning that future Social Security recipients would receive less money over time . Democrats consider this prospect a "  poison pill , " the source said , and GOP senators said later it would n't be included . "  If that is a show-stopper for the majority leader , we will take that off the table , " New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte told reporters after coming out of a Republican caucus meeting Sunday afternoon . With the clock running down , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell appealed to Vice President Joe Biden to help "  jump-start " negotiations after complaining that he had received no response to an offer he put on the table Saturday night . "  I want everyone to know I 'm willing to get this done , but I need a dance partner , " said McConnell , R-Kentucky . McConnell and Biden , who served together in the Senate for more than two decades , were having a "  pretty fruitful " conversation Sunday afternoon , said Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee . Reid said earlier that McConnell has shown "  absolutely good faith " in the talks , but "  it 's just that we are apart on some pretty big issues . " As he headed home Sunday evening , Reid was asked about progress , and he responded : "  Talk to Biden and McConnell . " Top-level sources on both sides of the negotiations said talks are primarily now in the hands of McConnell and Biden , and they are keeping Reid and House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , informed . If nothing gets done before Monday night at midnight , the expiration of the Bush administration 's 2001 and 2003 tax cuts will increase tax rates , while $ 110 billion in automatic cuts to domestic and military spending -- the result of the 2011 standoff over raising the federal debt ceiling -- will start to kick in . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office predicts the combined effect could dampen economic growth by 0.5 % , possibly tipping the U.S. economy back into a recession and driving unemployment back over 9 % . In an interview aired Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " President Barack Obama blamed Republicans for the stalemate that brought lawmakers back to Capitol Hill on a weekend . Obama urged the GOP to drop its opposition to tax increases on top earners and cut a last-minute deal . "  They say that the biggest priority is making sure that we deal with the deficit in a serious way . But the way they 're behaving is that their only priority is making sure that tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans are protected , " he said . "  That seems to be their only overriding , unifying theme . " Obama told NBC that could cost the average middle-class family about $ 2,000 . He said the Senate should go ahead and vote on legislation to make sure middle-class taxes are not raised and that 2 million people do n't lose unemployment benefits . "  If we can get that done , that takes a big bite out of the fiscal cliff , " he said . "  It avoids the worst outcomes . " During the interview , Obama said he was willing to consider using chained CPI to adjust Social Security -- even though it was "  highly unpopular among Democrats " and opposed by the AARP , the powerful lobby for seniors . "  In pursuit of strengthening Social Security for the long term , I 'm willing to make those decisions , " Obama said . "  What I 'm not willing to do is to have the entire burden of deficit reduction rest on the shoulders of seniors , making students pay higher student loan rates , ruining our capacity to invest in things like basic research that help our economy grow . Those are the things that I 'm not willing to do . " But the Democratic source , who did not want to be identified because of the closed nature of the talks , said members understand Obama proposed using chained CPI as an element of a larger deal that also would change how the federal debt ceiling is adjusted -- an element no longer included in the plans . Most Democrats oppose chained CPI , but many were wiling to go along with it as part of a larger deal , the source said . On taxes , meanwhile , Democrats are arguing that taxes should go up for those making $ 250,000 or more , though some discussions have involved the possibility of raising that figure to a $ 400,000 threshold . Many Republicans have opposed any increase in tax rates . Boehner suffered a political setback by offering a compromise -- a $ 1 million threshold for the higher rates to kick in -- that his GOP House colleagues refused to support . After Obama 's NBC interview , Boehner said the president needs to stand up to his own party and insisted it was the president "  who has never been able to get to ` yes . ' " "  I am pleased Senators from both parties are currently working to find a bipartisan solution that can finally pass that chamber , " Boehner said in a statement issued by his office . "  That is the type of leadership America needs , not what they saw from the president this morning . " Sunday night , Boehner met with House GOP leaders and told them to sit tight and stick together as he awaits news on whether the Senate can strike a deal . After the meeting , Oklahoma Rep. Tom Cole told reporters that Boehner said : "  I 've stayed out of those negotiations . " "  Every time we get involved in them , we sort of get burned , so we 're going to let the Senate work its will , see what they do and what they send us , and we 'll act accordingly , " he said . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , told ABC 's "  This Week " he thought the chances of a short-term , last-minute deal brokered by Senate leaders were better than 50-50 . "  I 've been a legislator for 37 years , and I 've watched how these things work on these big , big agreements , " Schumer said . "  They almost always happen at the last minute . " And Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said the chances are "  exceedingly good " that some type of deal will be reached by Monday night . "  I think , whatever we accomplish , political victory to the president , hats off to the president . He stood his ground . He 's going to get tax rate increases , maybe not $ 250,000 , but upper-income Americans , " Graham said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  And the sad news for the country is that we have accomplished little in terms of not becoming Greece or getting out of debt . " Other Republicans argued Sunday that Obama 's plan has n't done enough to limit spending . "  The president is doing nothing about the addiction that his administration has to spending . He 's the spender in chief , " Sen. John Barrasso of Wyoming said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Obama told NBC that he has cut more than $ 1 trillion in spending and offered another $ 1 trillion-plus in additional cuts "  so that we would have $ 2 of spending cuts for every $ 1 of increased revenue . " He said the majority of Americans have made clear they support his calls for "  a balanced approach " that would increase taxes on the wealthy . Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , warned that now is "  exactly the wrong time to go over this cliff . " "  We are in the midst of an economic recovery . We are seeing new job creation , businesses are seeing new growth , we are seeing the kind of economic indicators we 've been waiting for for years . This going over the cliff is going to bring uncertainty to our markets , and with that uncertainty , a pullback in consumer confidence and a reduction , I 'm afraid , of business activity and the creation of new jobs , " he said . But former Democratic Party chairman and 2004 presidential contender Howard Dean told ABC that heading over the cliff would not be so bad , calling it a "  fiscal curb " instead . "  You go back to the Clinton tax rates , and you make some significant cuts . And you cut the Defense Department , which has n't been cut in 30 years , " said Dean , a former Vermont governor . Meanwhile , going over the cliff gives Obama more leverage , "  because then all of sudden , middle-class people 's taxes are going to rise , and that 's going to be bad for every politician in Washington . " "  Maybe they 'll actually get something done , " he said . "  But I think , at this point , at this late hour , I think almost any deal they come up with is worse than going over the cliff . " Sen. Olympia Snowe , R-Maine , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that she expects Congress will vote to extend tax cuts for incomes below $ 250,000 -- perhaps below $ 400,000 -- before midnight Monday . A Senate agreement "  would build momentum " for the move in the House , she said . "  I think it would be horrific for the country if at this time , the final days of this legislative session that already has reached historic proportions of failure , that we would now culminate in failure to extend these tax cuts , " said Snowe , who is on her way out of office . CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Lisa Desjardins , Ted Barrett and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	NEW : McConnell and Biden are main negotiators now , sources on both sides say "  There 's still significant distance between the two sides , " Reid says Obama calls on GOP to cut a deal on taxes ; Republicans argue Obama is overspending
CNN  -- New Olympic champion Andy Murray remained upbeat about his U.S. Open hopes despite suffering a surprise loss in the third round of the Cincinnati Masters on Thursday , going down 6-4 6-4 to 38th-ranked Frenchman Jeremy Chardy . London 2012 silver medal winner Roger Federer , however , easily beat young Australian Bernard Tomic 6-3 6-3 to advance to the quarterfinals , where he will play American Mardy Fish in a rematch of the 2010 title match . Murray , the defending champion , was playing only his third match since winning gold , having rushed to Toronto where he won his opener but pulled out before the next due to a knee worry . Cincinnati is the last major tournament before the final grand slam of the year , which begins in New York on August 27 . "  Going into the big tournaments , sometimes I 've won tournaments in the buildup and it has n't helped me , " Murray told reporters . "  I had break points in the first set . If I had maybe gone up there , maybe I would have started to play better . But when I went behind , he started serving better and he was going for his shots . "  This year at Wimbledon I lost in the first round at Queen 's and made the final there for the first time . I have won Queen 's before and not done well at Wimbledon . " Rivals fear for injured Nadal 's future Chardy , ranked 38 in the world had already surprised former American number one Andy Roddick in the first round and had failed to beat Murray in their four previous matches . "  Now I feel very good on court , and I play very relaxed . It 's good when I feel like this on the court , " said Chardy . Chardy will next face former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro , the sixth seed who beat Serbian Viktor Troicki 7-6 2-6 6-1 . U.S. Open champion Novak Djokovic progressed into the last eight after veteran Russian Nikolay Davydenko retired with a shoulder injury after losing the first set 6-0 . "  His first serves did n't go over 90 miles per hour , so something obviously was wrong with his shoulder , " said world No. 2 Djokovic , the beaten finalist in Cincinnati last year and also 2008 and 2009 . The Serbian will next play Croatian 12th seed Marin Cilic as he seeks a 14th successive victory in hard-court tournaments following his successful Toronto title defense and March 's Miami Masters success . Federer is seeking to match Rafael Nadal 's record 21 Masters Series titles this week by winning the Cincinnati event for the fifth time . Fish has dropped out of the world 's top 10 after health problems , and is the second-highest ranked American at No. 20 after John Isner . "  He 's always been a difficult player to play against for all players on tour , because he has everything a player needs : he 's got a great return ; he 's got a great serve ; he can move forward , and now obviously he moves obviously much better than he has at the beginning of his career , " Federer said . Fish claimed his first victory over veteran Czech Radek Stepanek with a comfortable 6-3 6-3 win . "  He 's been a very tough opponent for me over the years . Not only has he beaten me , he 's beaten me pretty soundly most of the time , " admitted Fish . Fish underwent minor heart surgery earlier in the year , to correct problems with the electrical connections in his chest , and has been struggling to regain full fitness . "  I certainly felt good . I feel fresh and strong . This summer has gone well for me as far as getting my match fitness back . I have had a lot of great wins on that court here and played a lot of great matches . " The other quarterfinal will be between 21-year-old Canadian Milos Raonic , who beat fifth-seeded Czech Tomas Berdych , and Federer 's Swiss compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka -- who defeated Japanese No. 14 Kei Nishikori .	World No. 4 Andy Murray slumps to a 6-4 6-4 defeat to Jeremy Chardy Roger Federer eases past 49th-ranked Australian Bernard Tomic Juan Martin Del Potro and Mardy Fish also reach quarterfinals The U.S. Open is due to start on the August 27
West Point , New York  CNN  -- President Obama said Tuesday that the deployment of 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan is part of a strategy to reverse the Taliban 's momentum and stabilize the country 's government . "  There is no imminent threat of the government being overthrown , but the Taliban has gained momentum , " Obama said at the U.S. Military Academy . "  Al Qaeda has not re-emerged in Afghanistan in the same numbers as before 9/11 , but they retain their safe-havens along the border . "  And our forces lack the full support they need to effectively train and partner with Afghan security forces and better secure the population . ... In short , the status quo is not sustainable . " Obama said he 'd begin sending the additional troops "  at the fastest pace possible " starting in early 2010 "  with a goal of starting to withdraw forces from the country in July 2011 . " The president said additional U.S. forces bolstered by NATO troops "  will allow us to accelerate handing over responsibility to Afghan forces . " Senior administration officials said Tuesday that Obama has a goal of withdrawing most U.S. forces by the end of his current term , which ends in January 2013 . Watch what the new troops will do in Afghanistan It will be the second increase of U.S. forces in the war-torn Islamic country ordered by Obama since he took office in January . In his speech Tuesday , Obama said his strategy had three objectives : • Deny al Qaeda a safe haven • Reverse the Taliban 's momentum and deny it the ability to overthrow Afghanistan 's government • Strengthen Afghanistan 's security forces and government The additional troops was one way to achieve these , he said . Other strategies will include holding Afghan government leaders accountable for corruption , focus assistance on areas that could help the lives of Afghans , and securing the country 's border with Pakistan . "  We are in Afghanistan to prevent a cancer from once again spreading through that country . But this same cancer has also taken root in the border region of Pakistan . That is why we need a strategy that works on both sides of the border , " Obama said . The president said he rejected the option of committing more forces for an undefined mission of nation-building without any deadlines . "  I reject this course because it sets goals that are beyond what we can achieve at a reasonable cost , and what we need to achieve to secure our interests , " Obama said . "  Furthermore , the absence of a timeframe for transition would deny us any sense of urgency in working with the Afghan government . It must be clear that Afghans will have to take responsibility for their security , and that America has no interest in fighting an endless war in Afghanistan . " Obama rejected analogies with the war in Vietnam that divided America in the 1960s and 1970s . "  Unlike Vietnam , we are joined by a broad coalition of 43 nations that recognizes the legitimacy of our action , " Obama said . "  Unlike Vietnam , we are not facing a broad-based popular insurgency . And most importantly , unlike Vietnam , the American people were viciously attacked from Afghanistan , and remain a target for those same extremists who are plotting along its border . " Obama said the U.S. has no interest in occupying Afghanistan . "  We will support efforts by the Afghan government to open the door to those Taliban who abandon violence and respect the human rights of their fellow citizens , " Obama said . "  And we will seek a partnership with Afghanistan grounded in mutual respect -- to isolate those who destroy ; to strengthen those who build ; to hasten the day when our troops will leave ; and to forge a lasting friendship in which America is your partner , and never your patron . " Obama spoke to an audience of West Point cadets , staff and guests in outlining his strategy that he has deliberated for months , meeting several times with his national security team . He recognized that some in the audience had fought in Afghanistan , and some would be deployed in the future . "  As your commander in chief , I owe you a mission that is clearly defined , and worthy of your service , " he said . The additional U.S. forces "  will increase our ability to train competent Afghan security forces , and to partner with them so that more Afghans can get into the fight , " Obama said . "  And they will help create the conditions for the United States to transfer responsibility to the Afghans . " Obama also said he is asking NATO allies to provide more troops , and that he is "  confident that there will be further contributions in the days ahead . " "  Our friends have fought and bled and died alongside us in Afghanistan , " he said . "  Now , we must come together to end this war successfully . For what 's at stake is not simply a test of NATO 's credibility -- what 's at stake is the security of our allies , and the common security of the world . " The new troop deployment would increase the total U.S. commitment to roughly 100,000 troops in Afghanistan , bolstered by more than 40,000 NATO forces . Obama , whom Republicans had accused of "  dithering " over the decision , concluded the deployment needs to be accelerated to knock back the Taliban , the senior officials said . The push for a speedy deployment is surprising because White House officials who defended Obama 's slow pace of coming to a decision had said the Pentagon would n't be able to get new troops to Afghanistan that quickly . A Pentagon official noted that , under the new strategy , Obama is "  trying to do it faster " than the 12-month timeline initially requested by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan . McChrystal wrote in a report in August that a "  failure to gain the initiative and reverse insurgent momentum in the near-term  next 12 months  -- while Afghan security capacity matures -- risks an outcome where defeating the insurgency is no longer possible . " The Pentagon official said Obama 's six-month timeline for sending the new troops is "  very aggressive " and will be challenging for the military to fulfill . The official expressed confidence , however , that the military would successfully carry out the order . Opponents of an increased U.S. troop deployment complain that the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai is corrupt and an unreliable partner . Obama spoke to Karzai for an hour by videoconference Tuesday to discuss the deployment decision , according to a White House statement . "  The president also emphasized that U.S. and international efforts in Afghanistan are not open-ended and must be evaluated toward measurable and achievable goals within the next 18 to 24 months , " the statement said . Share your views on Obama 's Afghanistan decision The decision to send the troops carries significant political risk for Obama , who will announce it nine days before he travels to Oslo , Norway , to accept the Nobel Peace Prize . His liberal base , which helped him win last year 's presidential election , opposes another troop deployment to Afghanistan . In addition , the deployment , expected to cost an extra $ 30 billion a year , comes amid high unemployment as the economy emerges from a recession . That concerns Democrats and Republicans faced with competing domestic priorities such as health care reform and job creation . U.S.-led troops first invaded Afghanistan in response to the al Qaeda terrorist network 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . The invasion overthrew the ruling Taliban , which had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory , but most of the top al Qaeda and Taliban leadership escaped the onslaught . Taliban fighters have since regrouped in the mountainous region along Afghanistan 's border with Pakistan , battling U.S. and Afghan government forces on one side and Pakistani troops on the other . Al Qaeda 's top leaders , Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri , remain at large and are suspected to be hiding in the same region . The conflict has so far claimed the lives of more than 900 Americans and nearly 600 allied troops .	30,000 troops to be deployed within six months , President Obama says Obama : More troops would quicken transfer of responsibility to Afghanistan Obama wants most U.S. troops out of Afghanistan in 3 years , officials say President : Goals are to deny al Qaeda a safe haven and reverse Taliban 's momentum
After pleading guilty to a judge Tuesday on a felony tax evasion charge , New York Rep. Michael Grimm , a Republican , pledged to reporters he would also stay in Congress . Grimm pled guilty in court to one count of tax evasion and was set to submit to a "  statement of facts " that admits to all the conduct alleged in the 20-count federal indictment . A statement from federal prosecutors in New York released on Tuesday after Grimm 's court appearance noted that in addition to the tax evasion plea , Grimm also publicly admitted to hiring undocumented workers , lying under oath while serving in Congress , obstructing federal and state officials , and cheating employees out of employment insurance claims . FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge Venizelos stated , "  The public expects their elected officials at all levels of government to behave honorably , or at a minimum , lawfully . As his guilty plea demonstrates , Grimm put self-interest above public service . " Grimm apologized for his actions and took responsibility , but said the unpaid taxes from a New York restaurant he once owned were all a big mistake . "  As long as I 'm able to serve I 'm going to serve , " Grimm said . Reelected in November , he was is set to be sworn in to a new term in January . Prosecutors asked a judge to sentence Grimm on June 8th to 24 to 36 months of jail time . His defense team suggested 12 - 18 months . Can a Congressman serve from behind bars ? If recent history is any guide it 's unlikely that Grimm will serve out his third term that starts in January even though there is nothing in the Constitution or House Rules against felons serving in Congress . There is n't much historical precedent for it either , although one Congressman in the 1990s , Republican Jay Kim , shuffled around Capitol Hill wearing an ankle bracelet after he was convicted of 10 misdemeanors . Grimm 's felony plea is a more serious matter . While Grimm said Tuesday he has talked to House leadership about his situation , he has not yet spoken with House Speaker John Boehner and Boehner has not publicly weighed in on whether Grimm should step down . But Boehner has made it clear during his time in leadership that he has little patience for those members admitting to any wrongdoing . "  We wo n't have any announcements until the Speaker discusses the matter with Mr. Grimm , " said Boehner 's spokesman Michael Steel . Calls for Grimm to resign are sure to mount and GOP leaders would prefer not to deal with questions about a felon remaining in the Republican conference when they open up the new session in 2015 . In previous cases where House Republicans admitted to ethical lapses -- criminal or personal -- Boehner has worked privately to encourage scandal plagued members to step aside on their own . Former Florida GOP Rep. Trey Radel , who pled guilty to cocaine possession last year , initially sought treatment for drug addiction , but resigned two months later . When half naked pictures surfaced online of Rep. Chris Lee of New York soliciting an encounter with a woman on Craigslist he quickly stepped down . Indiana Republican Mark Souder resigned his seat one day after admitting he had an affair with an aide . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi called Tuesday on Boehner "  to insist that Congressman Grimm resign immediately . " Democrats were frustrated they were unable to defeat Grimm in November 's midterm election , even with the 20-count federal indictment hanging over him . He also grabbed national headlines last January for threatening to toss a reporter over a balcony on Capitol Hill after being asked about the allegations . If Grimm does eventually decide to resign , Democrats have a good chance to pick up that seat in a special election . A spokesman for the House Democrats ' campaign arm is already accusing Boehner of covering up for Grimm . "  After Speaker Boehner abetted Grimm 's lies to voters about his guilt in this past election , he owes it to the constituents and the Congress to make sure Michael Grimm does n't serve in this next Congress , " Josh Scherwin , spokesman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . But a senior House Republican leadership aide points out that Pelosi has not forced out those Democrats who faced ethics investigations . "  After standing behind Reps. Bill Jefferson , Charlie Rangel , Jack Murtha , and many others , Rep. Pelosi has zero credibility of these issues , " the aide told CNN . Jefferson 's trial drug out on Capitol Hill and for a time pitted House leaders from both parties against the Justice Department , which wanted to raid his office after they found $ 100,000 found in his home freezer . It took some time before Pelosi and Democrats stripped Jefferson of his powerful post on the tax writing committee . He ultimately lost a bid for reelection and is serving a 13-year sentence for bribery . While Murtha and Rangel faced ethics inquiries , neither was indicted for criminal wrongdoing . Rangel was censured by his colleagues in the House for ethics violations , including failing to pay taxes , but continues to serve in Congress . Murtha , who was a top Pelosi soldier , died in 2010 while still in office . If Grimm wants to remain in Congress he 'll likely face some type of punishment handed down from the House Ethics Committee , a process that could drag out for months . The panel deferred its review at the request of the Department of Justice , and under its rules will have to vote to renew its investigation when the next session begins in January . The committee declined to comment to CNN on the Grimm case . Grimm has already given up his seat on the House Financial Services Committee , but depending on his sentence he could be forced under House ethics rules to also refrain from voting on the House floor . If the Ethics committee votes that Rep Grimm 's actions broke House rules he could face punishments ranging from reprimand - the mildest public condemnation - to censure or expulsion . The last time the House voted to expel a member was in 2002 , after Democratic Rep Jim Traficant was convicted of bribery and tax evasion charges . The House has only expelled five members in its entire history . Three of those were during the Civil War era for disloyalty . Another , Rep. Michael  Ozzy  Myers of Pennsylvania was expelled in 1980 after a bribery conviction .	New York Rep. Michael Grimm pled guilty to tax evasion but said he would remain in Congress Prosecutors asked a judge to give the lawmaker between 24 and 30 months of jail time There is no rule against felons serving in Congress , but little precedent for it either
Greensboro , North Carolina  CNN  -- A former aide to John Edwards testified Thursday about an unexpected pronouncement from a campaign videographer : She and the presidential candidate were in love . But Edwards later told him he was not in a relationship with Rielle Hunter , John Davis said . "  He told me she was crazy and that he denied there was an affair , " according to Davis . The assistant said he took Edwards at his word . Jurors on Thursday also heard from an interior designer who served as the conduit for hundreds of thousands of dollars of alleged coverup money from a wealthy Edwards benefactor . Bryan Huffman testified that neither he nor the donor knew that the money was to be used to conceal Edwards ' extramarital affair with his mistress . Prosecutors say Edwards broke federal law by accepting about $ 725,000 from heiress Rachel "  Bunny " Mellon and more than $ 200,000 from Fred Baron , a now-deceased Texas lawyer who was his finance chairman . The money was used to pay for Hunter 's living and medical expenses , travel and accommodations to keep the mistress out of sight while Edwards made his second White House run in 2008 , prosecutors say . Edwards is accused of hiding the money from the public and the Federal Election Commission , which polices political contributions , by filing false and misleading campaign disclosure reports . Davis ' testimony was the latest from Edwards staffers about their former boss 's relationship with Hunter . Edwards , who was married at the time , eventually admitted to having carried on an affair with the woman and fathering her child . A former campaign staffer said Thursday that Edwards flatly refused to sign a document in December 2007 , under penalty of perjury , declaring that he was not the father of Hunter 's child . Mark Kornblau testified Edwards had been told that if he signed the affidavit , the National Enquirer might consider not running a story about his affair with Hunter . Legal experts say that by refusing to sign the document , Edwards demonstrated that while he was willing to lie in public about the affair , he was not willing , in this instance , to break the law . Prosecutors reacted with surprise to the testimony , asking the witness why he never told them about this in pretrial interviews . Kornblau 's response : Prosecutors never asked about the matter . Davis , the former aide , testified he was surprised to see Hunter at a Detroit hotel in February 2007 because he thought her work as videographer had been completed . The two exchanged pleasantries in the lobby . Davis said he rode the elevator for a few floors with Hunter before getting off to avoid a longer ride with her . "  I would have preferred not to have seen her , " Davis testified . Minutes later , Hunter knocked on his door . Hunter , according to Davis , "  told me that she and Sen. Edwards were very much in love " and the candidate was concerned because Davis had seen Hunter in the hotel . The aide testified he told Hunter that "  I did not care about this because I was focused on the campaign . " Davis also testified about a phone conservation involving Edwards after a September 2007 appearance on CNN . Edwards was talking with a woman whose voice sounded like Hunter 's , according to Davis . Edwards asked the woman on the phone , "  Can you tell if you are showing ? " the witness said . Earlier testimony indicated Hunter believed she became pregnant in early May 2007 . Davis also suggested that Edwards came close to pulling out of the race after an argument with his wife , Elizabeth Edwards , who has since died . The candidate instructed Davis to pull together a conference call in which Edwards was to announce he was suspending his campaign . But Elizabeth Edwards canceled the call , according to Davis . Thursday afternoon 's testimony featured Huffman , the interior designer from Monroe , North Carolina . Huffman , a longtime friend of Mellon , said he understood money was welcomed because "  Mr. Edwards needed financial support for a poverty center . " Mellon also saw Edwards as a possible presidential candidate when she started making the payments , Huffman said . In all , Mellon who will turn 102 in August , gave $ 725,000 for something Huffman said she knew nothing about : Payment for Hunter 's expenses . Huffman suggested Mellon did n't consider her donations as specifically intended for the campaign . The witness elicited a laugh from the courtroom audience when he admitted that Mellon said she knew individual contribution limits the 2008 election cycle but that Mellon considered the limits "  a little low . " In 2008 , the Federal Election Commission limited an individual to a contribution of $ 2,300 to each candidate or candidate committee in the primary election and $ 2,300 in the general election . See contribution limits for 2007-2008 Huffman , who said he never took any of the money for himself , talked about how the payments were made . He described the process for getting cash to one of Edwards ' key staffers , Andrew Young , as a "  furniture business . " Mellon wrote several checks payable to Huffman ostensibly for a table , chairs and a bookcase . Huffman said he signed the checks , but instead of cashing them , he handed them over to the family of Andrew Young , the prosecution 's star witness . Young 's wife , Cheri , endorsed the checks , but signed her maiden name . Mellon did n't want her lawyer to find out about the checks because he was always on the lookout for examples of Mellon giving away too much money , according to Huffman , who said the whole thing "  just did n't feel correct . " Cheri Young testified Monday that Edwards told her that using money from one of his benefactors to pay his mistress 's expenses was legal . Young said that she felt "  disgusted " after being asked to endorse and deposit checks from Mellon . Edwards ' attorneys have said that Andrew Young was involved in a ruse to extract hundreds of thousands of dollars from donors for his personal use . The defense argues that the money Edwards received from Mellon and Baron was for personal reasons : to protect Elizabeth and his family from public humiliation . Edwards has said his actions were wrong but insisted that they were not illegal .	Interior designer Bryan Huffman testifies about money handling Former aide John Davis talks about conservation with Rielle Hunter in Detroit in 2007 Mistress told him she and John Edwards were in love , witness says Edwards is accused of filing false campaign disclosure reports
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A magnitude 6.6 earthquake struck southern Kyrgyzstan late Sunday night killing an estimated 70 people and destroying more than 120 buildings , the government reported Monday . The earthquake occurred near Kyrgyzstan 's border with China . Gulshat Kadirova , an official from the Kyrgyz Ministry of Emergency Situations , told CNN that casualty figures were preliminary and could rise as rescue efforts progress . The weekend quake , measured by the U.S. Geological Survey Report , rattled all of Central Asia ; however destruction is concentrated in the remote village of Nura on Kyrgyzstan 's border with China . "  The remoteness of the villages hit by the earthquake , the absence of means of communications and the destruction of roads are hindering assistance to the injured , " the Kyrgyz Health Ministry press service told Interfax . The Health Ministry of Kyrgyzstan has set-up a crisis center in the region , however rescue efforts remain difficult , according to a ministry official . The Kyrgyz Emergency Situations Ministry also sent humanitarian aid to the region . "  Four helicopters have just left taking food and blankets to the people affected in the area , " a ministry representative told CNN by phone . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev sent a letter of condolence to Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev , according to the Kremlin 's Web site . Medvedev noted Russia 's readiness to offer assistance . Bakiyev is scheduled to visit the destroyed region of Nura this week to monitor the search-and-rescue operations , Kadirova told CNN . Temblors continued in Central Asia on Monday with two strong earthquakes striking part of Tibet within 15 minutes of each other .	Magnitude 6.6 earthquake strikes southern Kyrgyzstan Sunday night Around 70 estimated killed , 120 buildings destroyed , government says Quake rattled large area of Central Asia ; damage concentrated near China border Kyrgyz Health Ministry has sets up crisis center to coordinate rescue effort
CNN  -- Some foods sold in supermarkets across America contain tiny , engineered particles called nanomaterials . Our organization decided to test doughnuts after learning that the titanium dioxide used as a coloring in the powdered sugar coating likely contained nano-sized particles . The tests , conducted by an independent laboratory , found that both Dunkin' Donuts Powdered Cake Donuts and Hostess Donettes did indeed contain titanium dioxide nanoparticles . In response , a spokeswoman for Dunkin Donuts said the company was looking into the matter . You must be wondering : What are nanomaterials ? They are microscopic in size . "  If a nanoparticle were the size of a football , a red blood cell would be the size of the field . " Nanoparticles have been heralded as having the potential to revolutionize the food industry -- from enabling the production of creamy liquids that contain no fat , to enhancing flavors , improving supplement delivery , providing brighter colors , keeping food fresh longer , or indicating when it spoils . But there are a few problems . One is that no one knows how many and which food products have them . Companies are not being forthcoming about whether they are using nanoparticles . To further complicate the issue , some companies may not even be aware that they are selling products containing them . Many companies are reluctant or uninterested in discussing the issue , and concrete information has been difficult to obtain . The majority of food companies are not responsive in providing information about their specific uses , plans and policies toward nanoparticles . There is also no law in the United States that requires disclosure . In contrast , companies in the European Union are required to label foods containing nanoparticles . The bigger issue with nanoparticles is that they might pose health risks , as they have been found to in tests on mice . There are not nearly enough studies that can adequately demonstrate the safety of nanoparticles in food additives or packaging . Scientists are still investigating how the broad range of nanoparticles , with their myriad potential uses , would react in the body . When ingested , nano-sized particles can pass into the blood and lymph , where they circulate through the body and reach in potentially sensitive sites such as bone marrow , lymph nodes , the spleen , the brain , the liver and the heart . Our knowledge about how nanomaterial food additives react in the body and their health impact is still in its infancy . While efforts are under way to understand them better , much deeper scientific inquiry should occur before nanoparticles are sold in food and food-related products . More companies and consumers need to be aware of the use of engineered nanomaterials in foods and the potential unknown risks of this technology . More food products like M&M 's and Pop-Tarts should be tested as recent studies have identified them as likely to contain nanomaterials as well . Fortunately , a few companies have become willing to take a public position on nanoparticles . McDonald stated that it "  does not currently support the use by suppliers of nano-engineered materials in the production of any of our food , packaging , and toys . " Similarly , Kraft Foods said that it was not using nanotechnology . Some of the largest food companies in the world , including YUM ! Brands , PepsiCo , and Whole Foods , need to know more about nanomaterials and check with their supplies to see if they are using them . Americans are becoming increasingly interested in what is in the food they 're eating . No longer content with label information on daily allowances of vitamins and minerals , U.S. consumers are following the lead of their counterparts in many other countries by demanding more disclosure about where and how their food is grown and whether it is safe . Even though communicating risks to consumers can be challenging , the public 's perception of safety will be paramount in determining the acceptance of nanomaterials . This is especially true for an emerging food-products technology the safety of which even the FDA has acknowledged a lack of understanding . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andy Behar .	Andy Behar : Some foods contain tiny , engineered particles called nanomaterials Behar : Nanoparticles might pose health risks , since they have adversely affected mice He says not enough studies have adequately demonstrated the safety of nanoparticles Behar : With an emerging technology such as this , companies have to be careful
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Promising to return America to the "  moral high ground " in the war on terrorism , President Obama issued three executive orders Thursday to demonstrate a clean break from the Bush administration , including one requiring that the Guantanamo Bay detention facility be closed within a year . President Obama signs the order requiring that the Guantanamo Bay facility be closed within a year . During a signing ceremony at the White House , Obama reaffirmed his inauguration pledge that the United States does not have "  to continue with a false choice between our safety and our ideals . " The president said he was issuing the order to close the facility in order to "  restore the standards of due process and the core constitutional values that have made this country great even in the midst of war , even in dealing with terrorism . " A second executive order formally bans torture by requiring that the Army field manual be used as the guide for terrorism interrogations . That essentially ends the Bush administration 's CIA program of enhanced interrogation methods . "  We believe that the Army field manual reflects the best judgment of our military , that we can abide by a rule that says we do n't torture , but that we can still effectively obtain the intelligence that we need , " Obama said . Watch Obama sign the orders " "  This is me following through ... on an understanding that dates back to our founding fathers , that we are willing to observe core standards of conduct not just when it 's easy but also when it 's hard . " Watch Obama vow that the "  U.S. will not torture " " A third executive order establishes an interagency task force to lead a systematic review of detention policies and procedures and a review of all individual cases . The task force , Obama stated , will also "  provide me with information in terms of how we are able to deal -LSB- with -RSB- the disposition of some of the detainees that may be currently in Guantanamo that we can not transfer to other countries , who could pose a serious danger to the United States . " The president also signed a memorandum requesting a delay in the Supreme Court 's hearing of the case of Ali Saleh Kahlah al-Marri , a legal U.S. resident contesting his detention for more than five years as an enemy combatant . He has been held in a military brig without the government bringing any charges against him . Al-Marri 's case is scheduled to be heard by the high court in March or April . Al-Marri "  is clearly a dangerous individual , " Obama said . "  We have asked for a delay in going before the Supreme Court to properly review the evidence against him . " During the second Bush term , the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay became a lightning rod for critics who charged the Bush administration with torturing terrorist suspects . President George W. Bush and other senior officials repeatedly denied that the U.S. government had used torture to extract intelligence from terror suspects . Watch experts debate the Guantanamo dilemma " The decision to close the detention facility received immediate backing from Obama 's general election opponent , Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain . McCain , in a joint statement with South Carolina GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham , said he supported Obama 's decision to "  reaffirm America 's adherence to the Geneva Conventions , and begin a process that will , we hope , lead to the resolution of all cases of Guantanamo detainees . " Thursday night on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " McCain said he thinks the new president may have been hasty in the decision and should have taken the time to consider everything associated with closing the camp before forcing himself into a timetable . Specifically , McCain said he thought Obama needed to consider what would happen to the prisoners held at Guantanamo before ordering the facility to be closed . "  So , the easy part , in all due respect , is to say we 're going to close Guantanamo , " McCain said . "  Then I think I would have said where they were going to be taken . Because you 're going to run into a NIMBY -LSB- not in my backyard -RSB- problem here in the United States of America . " A number of congressional Republicans criticized Obama 's decision . "  We can not risk going back to the politically correct national security policies that left us vulnerable in the lead-up to 9/11 , " Michigan GOP Rep. Peter Hoekstra , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , said in a written statement . "  Without a clear plan for the detention and interrogation of captured terrorists and combatants , we are unnecessarily risking the safety of our nation . " Rep. John Murtha , D-Pennsylvania , an outspoken critic of the Bush administration , praised the action , calling it "  a first key step in restoring America 's image and credibility in the world . " "  The Bush administration never understood what the Guantanamo detention facility symbolized to the rest of the world , " Murtha said in a written statement . "  They saw it as simply a prison . ... The problem with Guantanamo was never about its bricks and mortar . The problem with Guantanamo is that its very existence stains and defies the moral fiber of our great nation . " Obama 's move highlights a fierce struggle over where the prison 's detainees will go next . iReport.com : Closing Guantanamo is a "  risk " Asked about that issue Thursday , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said , "  We have developed some options in terms of how many we think could be returned to other countries to take them . That diplomatic initiative has not started . That will await work in carrying out the executive order . " "  We have identified a number of possible prisons here in the United States " that could take the detainees . However , Gates added , "  I 've heard from members of Congress -LSB- representing -RSB- where all those prisons are located . Their enthusiasm is limited . " Watch what may happen to Guantanamo 's inmates " Rep. Bill Young , R-Florida , said he has "  quite a bit of anxiety " about the possibility of transferring detainees to U.S. facilities . "  Number one , they 're dangerous , " Young said . "  Secondly , once they become present in the United States , what is their legal status ? What is their constitutional status ? I worry about that , because I do n't want them to have the same constitutional rights that you and I have . They 're our enemy . " CNN 's Ed Henry , Barbara Starr and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	President Obama signs orders to close detention facility , ban torture Sen. John McCain issues statement supporting facility 's closure Some congressional Republicans slam "  politically correct " security policies GOP congressman says he 's worried about where to house detainees
Holy backlash , Batman ! Warner Bros. announced Thursday that Ben Affleck will play Batman in the sequel to the Superman movie "  Man of Steel . " Rumors about who 'll star as the Caped Crusader in the yet-to-be-named film have been swirling ever since "  Man of Steel " director Zack Snyder announced at Comic-Con last month that the two superheroes would appear together in the sequel -- their first pairing on the big screen . Affleck 's name was n't even on The Hollywood Reporter 's list of possible Batmans two weeks ago , when it speculated Ryan Gosling or Josh Brolin were likely candidates . Needless to say , the Internet went nuts -- and not in a good way . Are the worries justified ? Affleck 's stint as Daredevil was a major flop . Plus , he 's just getting his movie street cred back from that other disaster , "  Gigli . " But he has numerous awards to his name and received critical raves for his role as Superman star George Reeves in "  Hollywoodland . " Affleck will star opposite British actor Henry Cavill , who Warner Bros. said will reprise his role as Clark Kent and Superman . Affleck as Batman ? ` No , nyet , never ! ' Snyder 's reimagining of Superman in "  Man of Steel " broke the record for the biggest June opening when it appeared in theaters this year , taking in $ 125.1 million in its first weekend . "  It 's beyond mythological to have Superman and our new Batman facing off , since they are the greatest superheroes in the world , " Snyder said at Comic-Con . Amy Adams , Laurence Fishburne and Diane Lane also return for the new film , Warner Bros. said . Christian Bale , who starred as Batman in three film installments of "  The Dark Knight , " told CNN partner Entertainment Weekly last month that he would n't be starring in a fourth . "  Dark Knight " director Christopher Nolan also said he was n't opting for a fourth movie in the franchise , the magazine said . Nolan will , however , have a hand in the upcoming Superman-Batman film -- he 's serving as one of the executive producers , Warner Bros. said . Warner Bros. and DC Comics , the publisher of "  Superman " titles , are both units of Time Warner , CNN 's parent company . Ben Affleck 's middle name and other interesting facts about the actor , filmmaker and activist	It will be the sequel to Snyder 's "  Man of Steel " blockbuster The studio plans a July 2015 release for the movie Internet immediately responds , and not in a good way
OTTAWA  CNN  -- Canadian officials say they have arrested a man convicted in 2002 of child molestation in Arizona . Steven Dyer was arrested Tuesday night at a Montreal airport as he returned to Canada from a trip , Canadian authorities said . Dyer was convicted in Arizona in 2002 of 12 counts of sexual conduct with a minor and one count of public sexual indecency with a minor present , according to authorities . He had been released on bail in late 2001 and failed to show up for court proceedings . He was convicted in absentia and faces a minimum prison sentence of 169 years in Arizona . Canada Border Services officials say they had information that Dyer had been living in Vancouver under an assumed name , and they were following up on a tip when he was arrested in Montreal . Dyer was in custody in Montreal Wednesday , and Canadian authorities say he will now face charges in Canada . Dyer was featured on the program "  America 's Most Wanted . " According to the program 's website entry on Dyer , the charges against him in Arizona involved incidents with two youths .	Canadian officials say they were following up on a tip when they made the arrest Steven Dyer was convicted in Arizona in absentia in 2002 He had been free on bail and failed to show up in court Canadian authorities say they believe Dyer had been living in Vancouver
CNN  -- Lady Gaga and President Obama do n't often travel in the same circles , but they 're the top competitors in a popularity contest that could have one of them setting a record by this weekend . Facebook publicists told CNN on Thursday that the pop star and the president are neck-and-neck in the race to become the first living person with more than 10 million fans on the social networking site . As of early Friday , Obama was in the lead , with 9,058,881 fans . Lady Gaga trailed behind with 9,023,966 . Both of them were more than 4 million fans behind the No. 1 individual , Michael Jackson , who had 13,285,811 . The singer died a year ago . Obama 's page , which is run by the group Organizing for America , includes photographs of his recent Gulf Coast visit and links to speeches from news conferences . His page lists the president 's interests as "  basketball , writing , spending time w / kids " and says his favorite books include The Bible , Toni Morrison 's "  Song of Solomon " and Shakespeare 's tragedies . Lady Gaga 's page lists upcoming concerts and includes a biographical article describing how the 24-year-old pop star , who played piano by ear as a toddler , grew into a theatrical performer who wows the masses with flashy performances in international concert tours . "  I 'm just trying to change the world one sequin at a time , " she says in the posted story . Facebook says it has more than 400 million active users . The unofficial popularity contest comes about a year after another internet milestone : a race to attract 1 million followers on the Twitter micro-blogging site . Actor Ashton Kutcher narrowly beat out CNN , reaching the goal 30 minutes before CNN passed the mark . Kutcher challenged CNN to the competition , saying he would donate 10,000 mosquito bed nets to charity for World Malaria Day in late April if he beat CNN , and 1,000 if he lost . CNN agreed to donate 20,000 nets . CNN 's JD Cargill contributed to this report .	President and pop star are top competitors in Facebook fan race One of them could become the first living person with more than 10 million Facebook fans Michael Jackson has more than 13 million fans on site Social networking site says it has more than 400 million active users
In the shadow of the iPhone 5 reveal , Apple rolled out updates to its most enduring mobile product , the iPod , on Wednesday . They include a bigger , yet lighter and thinner , iPod Touch that mirrors the stretched-out new iPhone and a bigger screen on the tiny iPod Nano . The new Touch is 6.1 millimeters thick , making it the thinnest Touch yet , and weighs in at a dainty 3.1 ounces . Siri , Apple 's voice-activated "  digital assistant , " is also making her way to the iPod Touch , and that 's not the only way Apple 's premier iPod , which some already called an iPhone without the phone , is getting closer to its smartphone cousin . In addition to the same screen update , it will run Apple 's latest operating system , iOS 6 . It will have the same processor as the iPhone 4S and it adds a 5-megapixel rear-facing camera , featuring auto-focus and a flash . The Nano got more svelte as well . It 's down to 5 millimeters thick , which makes it the thinnest iPod yet . But it 's also getting a bigger , 2.5-inch touchscreen display . Favored for exercise , the Nano will come with fitness features like a built-in pedometer and support for Nike + . It also has an FM radio feature that allows users to pause and resume music . Like the iPhone 5 , both new iPods will come with new , smaller inputs , but , unlike the phone , they wo n't come equipped with an adapter that will let users convert their old Apple cords . Along with the new iPods comes an advance in how folks will listen to them . After coining the term "  earbuds , " Apple has moved on and showed off EarPods on Wednesday . They 're round , unlike the flatter earbud , and have two grills for sound in each one . They 'll come with the new Touch , Nano and iPhone 5 and be sold separately for $ 29 . Pre-orders for the iPod Touch begin Friday . The 32GB model will sell for $ 299 and the 64GB model is $ 399 . It will be available in pink , yellow , blue , black , slate and a white and silver combo . The 16GB Nano will be available in October for $ 149 . It comes in pink , yellow , blue , green , purple , silver and slate . In recent years , iPods have been largely overshadowed as smartphones and tablets emerged as the mobile tech of choice . But they 've been massive for Apple , selling more than 350 million units since being introduced in 2001 , when they were credited with helping a flailing Apple launch an epic turnaround . They quietly remain relevant , developers say . "  The iPod Touch is an underappreciated part of the Apple ecosystem -- particularly for the youth and education markets , " said Brendan Cahill , CEO of outdoor-lifestyle app NatureShare . Dave Castelnuovo , the co-creator of popular iOS game "  Pocket God , " said Wednesday that more than 50 % of the game 's player base uses an iPod Touch . "  A large group of users still use the second-generation iPod Touch , which was holding back our implementation of new features , " he said . "  I believe that these users were not upgrading the new hardware because there has n't been a substantial iPod Touch iteration until now . With the larger screen , new design and assortment of colors , I think we 're going to see a very large adoption of the new hardware . "	Apple on Wednesday unveils a new , upgraded line of iPods iPod Touch mirrors upgrades on iPhone 5 Nano gets thinner , but with a bigger 2.5-inch touch screen Overshadowed by iPhone , iPad , iPods are still relevant , developers say
CNN  -- Ukrainian security officials are complaining that unknown attackers are interfering with the mobile phone services of members of Ukraine 's parliament , making difficult political decisions about what to do about Russia 's incursion last week into Crimea that much harder . The head of Ukraine 's security service said on Tuesday , "  I confirm that an IP-telephonic attack is underway on mobile phones of members of Ukrainian parliament for the second day in row . " This is reminiscent of the Distributed Denial of Service  DDoS  attacks on Georgia that preceded Russia 's invasion of the country in August 2008 . The attacks shut down several websites of Georgia 's government including the president 's . While the Kremlin denied any involvement , Georgian officials accused Russia of being behind the attacks . Of course , just as some states have exploited offensive cyber capabilities for their own purposes , so too has the United States . Cyberattacks are double-edged swords . Compared to mounting a conventional war they cost little in terms of blood and treasure . However , in the long run they may have larger unintended consequences if more and more nation states and even private groups use cyberwarfare capabilities . The Stuxnet malware that was discovered in 2010 showed the potential of cyberattacks . The joint U.S.-Israeli operation demonstrated how the nuclear enrichment facility of Natanz in Iran could be effectively disrupted using a cyberattack that interfered with Iranian centrifuges ' capacity to enrich uranium . The level of sophistication of the malware was unprecedented and affected the facility even though it was "  air gapped " -- disconnected -- from the public Internet . Last month came the news that Obama national security officials have debated since 2011 whether to target Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria with cyberattacks . The upside : No American boots on the ground and some potentially significant harm could be done to al-Assad 's military capabilities . The downside : What about unknown risks ? Might such attacks embolden Syrian allies like Iran and Russia to launch cyber-counterattacks against targets in the U.S. ? The Stuxnet attack on Iran was not an isolated event . A January report by the Center for Strategic and International Studies points out that Iran "  is the likely source of a recent series of incidents aimed at Gulf energy companies , American banks , and Israel . The most important involved a major disruption involving the destruction of data on computers used by  oil giant  Saudi Aramco ... " The Syrian Electronic Army , a group that supports the al-Assad regime , showed the potential to undermine trust in the financial system when it hacked The Associated Press 's Twitter account last year to falsely report an attack on the White House , which caused the Dow Jones to drop by 150 points . While technically not comparable to Stuxnet and its effect was only temporary -- the White House quickly refuted the reporting -- it nevertheless demonstrates the existence of a tool for shadowy organizations to influence events that did not exist before . These recent incidents underscore both the scope and the significant differences among cyberthreats : -- The actions by the Syrian Electronic Army did not cause a physical effect ; they changed data and the content of The Associated Press 's reporting . -- The disruption at Saudi Aramco was due to the destruction of computer data , but it did not cause a physical effect either . -- Stuxnet , on the other hand , had a physical impact making Iranian uranium enrichment centrifuges spin at a rate they were not supposed to . The DDoS attacks that appear to be happening in Ukraine right now , and the type of cyberattack that the U.S. launched against Iran that could at some point happen in some other form against Syria , raise significant moral and legal issues . In many ways the cyberwarfare issue is akin to the issue of the use of armed drones , which greatly reduce the number of deaths that would result from a conventional armed conflict . Whoever launches a drone attack or a cyberattack pays no costs of the kind that would typically take place on a conventional battlefield . You ca n't shoot down a drone pilot or kill a computer technician launching some kind of cyberattack thousands of miles from the intended target . For this reason drones and cyber capabilities can also make conflict more likely as the barriers to entry to engage in either drone warfare or cyberconflict are so low . Moreover , there is a risk that the use of drones or cyber capabilities can escalate into a conventional armed conflict . Similarly to the case of armed drones , the United States has had a large lead in its ability to mount effective offensive cyberattacks , but that advantage is unlikely to last . And since the United States is the only superpower and among the most technologically advanced  as well as most vulnerable  , it must lead by example and harden cybersecurity at home and contribute to international agreements to govern the use of these powerful new tools . These tools that will only get more powerful as the world becomes more connected and ever-more dependent on computers .	Ukrainian officials say phone services of members of parliament were targeted Authors : Cyberattack was also reported before Russian invasion of Georgia in 2008 They say attacks are easier than conventional warfare but can provoke counterattacks Bergen , Maurer : U.S. had a lead in cyberwarfare but that is likely to ebb
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Leaders of oil-rich eastern Libya declared it Tuesday to be a semi-autonomous region and voted for a 79-year-old former military man to lead it . "  We 're talking about the whole eastern region of the country , " said Ahmed Zubair al-Senussi , a member of the ruling National Transitional Council , in a telephone interview with CNN from Benghazi . Speaking through an interpreter , he said he wanted the central government in Tripoli to continue to run such matters as defense and the treasury , but to leave health , education and "  social things " to be managed by local governance in the region , once called Cyrenaica . "  We are not looking to split the country , " said al-Senussi , 79 , who said he was jailed for 31 years during the regime of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi for leading a failed coup d'etat in 1970 . "  We are not looking for division at all . Our target is to keep Libya united . We are hoping to run our region . ... We have the federal government , and we have the local government . " Al-Senussi said he was elected by 4,000 to 5,000 tribal leaders , politicians , activists and academics who met Tuesday in Benghazi . "  All of them agreed on my leadership to lead the region for the time being , " he said . But a video posted Monday on YouTube indicated his support was less than unanimous . In it , scores of demonstrators chant , "  Federalism is the path to divisions , " "  Oh , great , Libyan , do not accept divisions ! " and "  Tripoli is the capital ! " Al-Senussi added that he had no interest in grabbing the oil wealth for the region 's residents at the expense of the rest of the country . "  The oil is for all Libyan people , " he said . "  It would be written into the constitution . " He added that his first priority would be to stabilize the region . "  Security is a priority now , " he said . Al-Senussi said he had no immediate plan to resign from the National Transitional Council . "  I was thinking of resigning , but I got advice from some people that I should take some time to see the reactions of the NTC first . " That reaction came quickly . In a news conference Tuesday in Tripoli , NTC Chairman Mustafa Abdul Jalil denounced the declaration as a move to divide Libya , "  a danger that threatens national unity . " He called on all Libyans "  to rally around the NTC that has international legitimacy . " He said the government and NTC are working to establish a decentralized state with more than 50 local councils . Tuesday 's move in Benghazi "  puts the country in danger because the international community will not allow Libya to be divided , unsafe and undemocratic , " he said . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Roba Alhenawi and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	"  We are not looking to split the country , " says 79-year-old former military man Tribal leaders , politicians , others vote for Ahmed Zubair al-Senussi to lead region "  The oil is for all Libyan people , " he says NTC chairman denounces the declaration as "  a danger that threatens national unity "
CNN  -- JJ Murphy , an actor who was set to join the "  Game of Thrones " cast , died August 8 , his agent said . He was 86 . "  I had the pleasure and honour to be his Agent for the last 18 months and have never encountered a man with more spirit , passion and love for his craft , " Philip Young said in a statement . "  At this time our thoughts are with his family . ' Murphy had been cast in the role of Ser Denys Mallister , the oldest member of the Night 's Watch on HBO 's hit series . The Belfast Telegraph reported that the actor died just four days after filming his first scenes on "  Game of Thrones . " On Monday that show 's producers , D.B. Weiss and David Benioff , expressed their condolences in a statement and said they would not be seeking another actor to replace Murphy . "  We will not be recasting J.J. Murphy. , " their statement said . "  He was a lovely man , and the best Denys Mallister we could have hoped for . And now his watch is ended . " According to a biography provided by his agent , the actor 's work was well known in Northern Ireland where "  Game of Thrones " films . Murphy trained at the Old Group Drama School in the 1940s and '50s , and was a member of the Arts Theatre Players Company and the early Lyric Players . He was active in the actors trade union and his work in support of Irish actors won him an honorary lifetime membership with the former British Actors ' Equity Association . He also sponsored an orphanage in Romania . Murphy 's last stage appearances was in 2012 at The Lyric Theatre in Belfast , where he acted in a production of Joseph Tomelty 's "  All Souls Night . " He also had a role in the upcoming film "  Dracula Untold , " which features "  Game of Thrones " star Charles Dance . Murphy is survived by his wife Mary , and two children , Joseph and Jane . People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this story .	Murphy was set to appear in "  Game of Thrones " He was to play Ser Denys Mallister on the show Producers said they wo n't recast the role
CNN  -- A major United States military post is shutting down for three days following a rash of suicides , the post announced . Troops from Fort Campbell , Kentucky , depart for the Persian Gulf in 2003 . Fort Campbell , home of the Army 's 101st Airborne Division , is holding a three-day "  suicide stand-down training event " starting Wednesday -- the second one it has held this year , a post spokeswoman told CNN . At least 11 deaths of Fort Campbell soldiers this year are confirmed or suspected suicides , spokeswoman Kelly Tyler said . That 's out of 64 confirmed or suspected suicides in the entire Army , according to official statistics . At that rate , the Army is on pace for a record number of suicides this year . The post commander , Brig. Gen. Stephen Townsend , addressed all 19,000 soldiers of the 101st Airborne Division on Wednesday , Tyler said . "  His intent was to be able to look them in the eye and make them aware that everyone cares about the issue , and make sure they know -- corporal to general -- what help is available , " she said . "  To make sure that people know we want them to keep living . " Soldiers often refuse to admit they are having problems because of the culture of the military , she said . "  You still have the stigma in the Army of asking for help -- it 's an institution of strength and honor . And they need to understand that there is strength and honor in asking for help , " Tyler said . "  It 's easy to lose focus of that . We are a nation at war , an army at war . The guys around you need you to be there . They need you to ask for help , or for them to ask for help if you ca n't . " Fort Campbell 's commanders are trying to impress upon the troops that this is more than a mandatory exercise . "  It is such an unusual event to look them in the eye and say their life matters , their buddy 's life matters , " Tyler said . "  We 're not checking a box , not punching a ticket . This is an effort to let the soldiers know that the command cares . " Military suicides are among the top worries for a leading veterans ' group . "  This is a grave concern for our organization , " said Ryan Gallucci , a spokesman for AmVets . Combat stress manifests itself in different ways , he said , citing the case of a U.S. soldier charged with killing five of his comrades at a mental-health clinic in Iraq earlier this month . "  The incident in Baghdad brought a lot of attention to combat stress , but this is the other side of the coin , " he said . He agreed that the military 's emphasis on personal toughness makes it harder for soldiers to ask for help when they need it . "  Mental strength is a necessary character trait in combat . To suddenly say it 's OK to admit you have a problem contradicts your training , " he said . But he said the Army needs to do more to prevent suicide . "  The military has certainly done a better job of identifying it , but you see the numbers -- the numbers speak for themselves , " he said . A record number of soldiers committed suicide last year -- at least 133 , the Army said . That was up from at least 115 in 2007 , which was itself a record since the Pentagon began keeping statistics on suicide in 1980 . The statistics cover active-duty soldiers and activated National Guard and reserves . View a chart of Army suicides " More soldiers killed themselves in January of this year than died in battle , Army statistics suggest . Suicides for Marines were also up in 2008 . There were 41 in 2008 , up from 33 in 2007 and 25 in 2006 , according to a Marine Corps report . Gen. Peter W. Chiarelli , vice chief of staff of the Army , expressed concern about the suicide rate in March testimony before the Senate Armed Services Military Personnel Subcommittee . He cited long deployments , lengthy separations from family and the perceived stigma associated with seeking help as factors contributing to the suicides . "  We must find ways to relieve some of this stress , " Chiarelli said . Fort Campbell is on both sides of the Kentucky-Tennessee state line , southeast of Paducah , Kentucky . CNN 's Adam Levine and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Fort Campbell wants to tell soldiers "  their life matters , " post spokeswoman says Record number of soldiers committed suicide last year , Army says More soldiers killed themselves in January 2009 than died in battle , statistics show Post halts normal activities to hold three-day "  suicide stand-down training event "
Tokyo  CNN  -- Masao Yoshida , the man in charge of Japan 's stricken nuclear plant in the wake of the catastrophic March 2011 earthquake and tsunami , has died of cancer in a Tokyo hospital aged 58 . Yoshida led the "  Fukushima 50 , " the group of men who risked their lives to contain the fallout from the world 's worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl . He was diagnosed with esophageal cancer , which affects the throat , in late 2011 months after the tsunami struck , Tokyo Electric Power Co  TEPCO  , the operator of the nuclear facility , said . The company added it was unlikely his cancer was a result of radiation exposure . They said that the condition usually takes five to 10 years to develop if radiation is to blame . "  Mr. Yoshida united staff and courageously handled the accident , " said Naomi Hirose , TEPCO 's chief executive . Yoshida was at the Fukushima nuclear complex when the tsunami engulfed the cooling system and saw three reactors go into meltdown . In an interview in November 2011 , he said he thought several times that he would die . Defying orders from his bosses , Yoshida made the decision to pump seawater into the No. 1 reactor in a move that may have averted a catastrophic nuclear explosion . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Tuesday that Yoshida "  made a great effort in the middle of the accident . I wish his soul will rest in peace . " The authorities ' handling of the nuclear disaster was widely criticized , with an independent investigation calling it a "  man-made disaster " that unfolded as a result of collusion between TEPCO , regulators and the government . The Fukushima plant remains hazardous more than two years after the earthquake and tsunami . On Tuesday , TEPCO reported an increase in radiation levels at the plant after a ground water sample collected from an observation well located close to the ocean was found to be contaminated with a radioactive material . TEPCO said it had started using cement to seal the ground facing the ocean to prevent the contaminated water from reaching the sea . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo , writing by journalist Katie Hunt in Hong Kong	The manager of Japan 's Fukushima nuclear plant dies of cancer Masao Yoshida was hailed for containing the world 's worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl His cancer was thought to be unrelated to radiation exposure
He is the face of terror . A ruthless leader with a twisted ideology . And the sadistic architect of a campaign of mayhem and misery . And yet , very little is known about Abubakar Shekau , the leader of Boko Haram . He operates in the shadows , leaving his underlings to orchestrate his repulsive mandates . He resurfaces every once in a while in videotaped messages to mock the impotence of the Nigerian military . And he uses his faith to recruit the impressionable and the disenfranchised to his cause . He 's a religious scholar Shekau was born in Shekau village that borders Niger . He studied under a cleric and then attended Borno State College of Legal and Islamic Studies for higher studies on Islam . That 's why he 's also known as ` Darul Tawheed , ' which translates to an expert in monotheism , or the oneness of Allah . He 's a polyglot He speaks several languages fluently : Hausa , Fulani , Kanuri and Arabic . But English is n't one of them . After all , he heads a group that rejects all things Western . He 's elusive Even his age is unknown -- estimates range between 38 and 49 . The U.S. State Department has Shekau 's year of birth listed as 1965 , 1969 and 1975 . He 's a loner Analysts describe Shekau as a loner and a master of disguise . He does not speak directly with members , opting to communicate through a few select confidants . He uses many aliases : Abu Bakr Skikwa , Imam Abu Bakr Shiku and Abu Muhammad Abu Bakr Bin Muhammad Al Shakwi Al Muslimi Bishku among them . He was an unruly No. 2 Boko Haram was founded by Mohammed Yusuf , a charismatic , well-educated cleric who drove a Mercedes as part of his push for a pure Islamic state in Nigeria . He was n't too effective as a leader and had a hard time keeping his second-in-command in check . Shekau was more radical and had grander designs . ... And merciless as No. 1 Mohammed Yusuf was killed in a security crackdown in 2009 , along with about 700 of his followers . That left Shekau in charge . He vowed to strike back , and his group has spared no one : government workers , police officers , journalists , villagers , students and churchgoers . Human Rights Watch estimates that in the past five years , more than 3,000 people have been killed . He 's come back from the dead The Nigerian military has touted Shekau 's death several times , only to retract its claim after he appeared alive and vibrant in propaganda videos . They almost got him in September 2012 when they raided his home , where he had snuck in for his six-day-old baby 's naming ceremony , according to the International Crisis Group . He managed to get away with a gunshot wound to the leg ; his wife and three children were taken by the military . He uses Islam to recruit and radicalize The northeast , where Boko Haram has been most active , is economically depressed and among the least educated regions in Nigeria . Shekau has done a good job of convincing residents that the powers in Abuja are corrupt and a better system of government would be a strict enforcement of Islamic Sharia law across Nigeria . And his promise , coupled with a weapon and a license to plunder , has been enticing to hundreds of young men . ... and the government 's response is n't helping The central government 's heavy-handed and frequently untargeted anti-terrorism campaign has just helped create more members to sustain Boko Haram . The country 's own Human Rights Commission last year accused the military of arbitrary killings , torture and rape in its campaign against the group . This makes for fertile territory for Boko Haram . He 's exporting his brand of terror There 's no firm evidence as yet that Boko Haram has ambitions beyond Nigeria . But its campaign of terror has spilled into remote parts of Cameroon and it appears to have informal links with militant Islamist groups in Mali and Niger . He 's made good on his brutal threat It was in May 2013 that Shekau first announced in a video that Boko Haram would start kidnapping girls . The kidnappings , he said , were retaliation for Nigerian security forces nabbing the wives and children of group members . The most horrifying instance was last month 's abduction of 276 girls from a girl 's school . "  I abducted your girls , " he taunted with a chilling smile in a new video that surfaced this week . "  There is a market for selling humans . Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . " There 's a $ 7 million bounty on his head Shekau has been on the radar of U.S. officials since he came to power in 2009 . Last June , the United States put a bounty on him , offering a reward of up to $ 7 million for information leading to his location . ... But that 's yet to yield results Here 's why , says CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour : "  African warlord  Joseph Kony 's had a bounty for years and years . Even with the ` Stop Kony ' video that went viral , nothing has happened to get Joseph Kony -- even though it 's about the only thing in Africa that the United States has committed some forces and some intelligence to . "  Osama bin Laden was not given up because of the $ 25 million bounty . And who knows whether this will be the case . " In Nigeria , the mass abduction of schoolgirls is n't shocking Why terror group kidnaps schoolgirls , and what happens next 6 reasons why the world should demand action	Analysts describe Shekau as a loner and a master of disguise When he came to power , he vowed to strike back against the military He uses Islam to recruit the disenfranchised The U.S. has placed a bounty on his head
CNN  -- It 's 25 years since the end of Communist rule in Romania , and although much may have changed in the East European nation , its production line of gymnasts continues to generate champions . From Nadia Comaneci , the sport 's first "  perfect 10 " back in the 1970s , to multiple '80s gold medalist Ecaterina Szabo and the post-revolution exploits of Simona Amanar , the country 's young women have set benchmarks of excellence . Standing less than five foot tall , but with deceptively long legs , the 18-year-old Larisa Iordache is the latest to be dubbed the "  New Nadia . " Having helped Romania to a team bronze at the London 2012 Olympics , she has blossomed this year -- claiming two golds at the European championships as the only gymnast to qualify for all four finals and finishing runner-up in the all-round competition at last week 's worlds in China . "  I did n't choose gymnastics -- it chose me . It just happened . I am very glad to have got so far , " she tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . Iordache was spotted as a child playing in a park , chasing her brother on rollerblades . "  I think she noticed the speed and the energy and that impressed her , " Iordache says of the woman who became her first coach , Mariana CÃ cents mpeanu-SiliÅŸteanu . Rollerblading was probably not the sort of pastime available to children during the reign of president Nicolae CeauÈ ™ escu , whose bloody overthrow in 1989 signaled the beginning of a new era . "  I was born after Communism , however my parents told me about how much stricter things were back then compared to now , " Iordache says . "  Now it 's a very open country and people survive by doing what they can -- it 's much easier than before . I 'm glad I did n't live through that . " Nonetheless , she learned the rewards of hard work when , aged five , she joined Bucharest 's CS7 Dinamo Club -- an institution renowned for producing champions in a wide range of sports . And when she was selected to the junior squad at the age of 10 , she realized how important gymnastics was to her . "  It was a new path that I had to try out and try to go all the way to the end , trusting myself as much as I could , " she recalls . It did n't take long for her to appreciate the thrill of performing in front of a crowd . "  I loved being watched by people , " she says . "  It 's so important , when you 've been working hard , to be able to show what you 've worked for daily . " Iordache describes her sport as a "  beautiful story that encompasses in all domains an elegance and attention that you have to display when working on the apparatuses , the determination you need to show on each , the pleasure as well . " "  You ca n't succeed without pleasure and desire , " she says .	Larisa Iordache is Romania 's latest young gymnastics star The 18-year-old is European champion and No. 2 in world She helped her country to Olympic bronze despite foot injury Iordache says her idol is legendary compatriot Nadia Comaneci
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- How does the American public feel about the war in Afghanistan ? In a word , wary . U.S. forces have been engaged in fierce fighting to oust the Taliban in Afghanistan . President Obama on Friday announced his strategy to fight terrorism in Afghanistan and Pakistan , a plan that includes more troops , new legislation , improved troop training and added civilian expertise . "  The United States of American did not choose to fight a war in Afghanistan . Nearly 3,000 of our people were killed on September 11 , 2001 , " Obama said Friday . "  We have a clear and focused goal : to disrupt , dismantle and defeat al Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan , " he said . Stressing that "  the safety of people around the world is at stake , " Obama said the "  situation is increasingly perilous " in the region in and around Afghanistan , where the United States has been fighting al Qaeda and the Taliban for more than 7 1/2 years after attacks in New York and at the Pentagon . Nevertheless , the American public has been wary about the war in Afghanistan , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll conducted in February . Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider break down the numbers " Last month , Americans were almost evenly divided between those who support the war and those who oppose it , the poll showed , with 47 percent in favor and 51 percent opposed . Opposition to the war in Afghanistan is more muted than opposition to the war in Iraq , but it 's not so muted among Democrats . Two-thirds of Americans overall oppose the war in Iraq , but 64 percent of Democrats oppose the war in Afghanistan . The anti-war movements in Vietnam and Iraq helped define what the Democratic Party stands for . Watch : Is Afghanistan Obama 's Vietnam ? " "  If we do n't learn from our Iraq experience , we are doomed to repeat it , " Rep. Lynn Woolsey , D-California , said on the House floor Thursday . Why are Americans wary about Afghanistan ? The recession . Iraq War fatigue . And frustration . Only 31 percent of Americans believe the United States is winning the war in Afghanistan . Fifty percent believe the United States is winning in Iraq -- the highest number in at least five years . But Americans still want to get out of Iraq . Last month , when President Obama said he would send 17,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan , the public was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt . Democrats were willing to go along with the president , but they were less enthusiastic than Republicans A solid majority of Americans believe the United States can win a military victory in Afghanistan , but Afghanistan has become a political war . Winning depends , not just on what the United States can do , but also what Afghanistan and Pakistan can do . Americans have far less confidence in them . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll surveyed 1,046 adult Americans by telephone on February 18-19 , 2009 . The sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	Americans almost evenly divided on opinion of Afghanistan war , poll shows President Obama says goal is to "  disrupt , dismantle and defeat al Qaeda " 50 percent believe the United States is winning in Iraq , poll shows Americans wary about Afghanistan because of recession and Iraq , Schneider says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The disabled young son of UK opposition leader David Cameron has died . David Cameron leaves the family home after the death of his 6-year-old son on February 25 . Ivan Cameron , six , passed away early Wednesday , the UK 's Press Association reported a Conservative Party spokesman as saying . "  It is with great sadness that David and Samantha Cameron must confirm the death of their six-year-old son Ivan , " the spokesman said according to the agency . The spokesman said that Ivan , who suffered from cerebral palsy and severe epilepsy , was taken ill overnight and died at St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington , central London early Wednesday morning . "  David and Samantha would ask that their privacy is respected at this terribly difficult time , " the spokesman added . Meanwhile , the queen sent a private message of sympathy to the Camerons , Buckingham Palace said . Prime minister Gordon Brown said the "  thoughts and prayers of the whole country " would be with the Conservative leader and his family , The Guardian newspaper reported , while prime minister 's question time -- which offers Cameron a weekly opportunity to grill Brown in parliament -- was cancelled at Brown 's suggestion . The prime minister , together with other senior British politicians , instead offered their condolences in the parliament chamber . "  I know that the whole house will want to express their sorrow at the death of Ivan Cameron , " Brown told lawmakers , according to The Guardian . "  He brought joy to all those around him . Every child is precious and irreplaceable . The death of a child is an unbearable sorrow no parents should have to endure . " Brown and his wife Sarah lost their first child , Jennifer Jane , in 2001 after she was born prematurely and died 10 days later . They have two sons , John and Fraser , who suffers from cystic fibrosis .	UK media : Young son of opposition leader David Cameron has died Ivan Cameron , six , passed away early Wednesday , Conservative Party says Ivan Cameron suffered from cerebral palsy and severe epilepsy British PM Gordon Brown offered his condolences in parliament
CNN  -- Robin Williams touched more people emotionally than he will ever know . After the news broke that the beloved comedic actor had taken his own life on Monday , hundreds of tributes poured in to CNN iReport . Many were from people who had met him over the years . "  I told him that I have waited 30 years for this moment and that it was an honor . This look came over his face like that comment had really touched him , " said Dan McMaster , who met Williams during his Weapons of Self-Destruction tour in 2009 . From a surprise hug for a woman during a stand-up comedy show to visiting a dying child to fulfill her last wish , the stories of how Williams affected those he met were profound . The actor was a longtime supporter of St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital and a big supporter of the United Service Organizations , or USO , which provides support and morale-boosting performances to U.S. troops and their families . The gallery above features just some of the people who have shared their photos and memories of the star . If you ever had the opportunity to meet Williams , we invite you to share your stories with CNN iReport . Williams was truly ` Patch Adams '	Robin Williams had a profound effect on the people he met Hundreds shared their tributes to Robin Williams via CNN iReport Williams visited a cancer patient to fulfill her dying wish
London  CNN  -- Princess Diana , murdered ? By the British military ? Pshaw , say royal analysts in reaction to news over the weekend of a newly revealed allegation that elite British soldiers were in on Diana 's 1997 death in a Paris car crash . "  I 'm in my 40s now , and as long as I 've been alive , every four or five years there 's been another documentary , another book about the assassination of John Kennedy , " royal analyst Mark Saunders told CNN . "  And to some extent , Diana is rapidly becoming the new Kennedy . It 's just continuous . It does n't stop . " Wildly popular in life and death , Diana died on August 31 , 1997 , after the car she was riding in slammed into a pillar in a Paris overpass . Her boyfriend , Dodi Fayed , and their driver , Henri Paul , also died . Investigators concluded that Paul was drunk and speeding when the accident occurred , and despite at least three inquiries -- including a lengthy London police inquiry that poured cold water on all forms of conspiracy theories in Diana 's death -- whispers of collusion and cover-up have persisted . The latest claim , published by Press Association , the Sunday People newspaper and other British media outlets , alleges that members of Britain 's elite Special Air Service commando unit were involved in assassinating Diana . The claim appears to have been sent first to military authorities and then to London police by the parents-in-law of a British special forces sniper after his marriage had fallen apart , according to an article on the website of the Sunday People newspaper . It did not offer a source for its reporting , but the paper indicated that the parents were questioning the integrity of the soldier , who had testified in another soldier 's court-martial . Sunday People said it had seen a seven-page handwritten letter by the in-laws alleging that the soldier , whom the newspaper did not name , had boasted to his wife that the commando unit was behind the deaths . Neither the Sunday People piece nor an earlier version carried by Press Association offered details of the claimed involvement by soldiers in the deaths . London police said Saturday that its investigators were assessing the "  relevance and credibility " of the information , but stressed tersely that their review did not amount to a "  re-investigation . " A spokesman for Lord Stevens , the former Scotland Yard chief who led the department 's inquiry , said that "  if anything new has come to light it should passed to its rightful place at the Met  Metropolitan Police  , who will no doubt look into the matter appropriately . " Palace officials declined to comment to CNN over the weekend , and the UK Ministry of Defence told CNN only that "  this is for Metropolitan Police to investigate . " The Mirror newspaper quoted Dai Davies , a former head of royal protection , as saying he was "  mystified how any new information can possibly allege anything other than this was a tragic accident . " Saunders , author of "  Diana and the Paparazzi " and other books on the princess , likewise said he does n't expect anything from the new revelations . "  That was one of the most intensive investigations ever carried out in this country , " Saunders said of the London police inquiry into Diana 's death . "  And no matter how you looked at it , no matter what angle you looked at the conspiracy theories from , you just came up against a brick wall . " "  It 's just not feasible that they would have carried out such an act , " he said of the palace and the military . "  People do n't want to believe that someone as loved as Princess Diana can just die in a road accident , " he said . "  It just is n't enough . They want more . " Katie Nicholl , royal editor for the Mail on Sunday newspaper , told CNN 's Kate Bolduan on Monday that it 's worth taking a look at the timing of the allegations -- just weeks before the anniversary of Diana 's death . They also come about a month before the UK premiere of a new movie , "  Diana , " about the princess 's life . "  It does prove , if nothing else , that 16 years on , Diana is still an irresistible news story , " Nicholl said . "  She 's still selling papers , Kate , 16 years after her death . " Rare photo of teenage Diana sold for $ 18 , 369 Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta , and Eric McLaughlin reported from London . CNN 's Fionnuala Sweeney and Bharati Naik also contributed to this report .	Experts say they doubt claim published in UK media about soldiers being involved Story of accidental death is n't enough , author Mark Saunders says ; "  They want more " Claim alleges British military was involved in the death The palace has declined to comment ; police say only they are assessing the information
TBLISI , Georgia  CNN  -- As Georgian troops launched a major military offensive Friday to regain control over the breakaway province of South Ossetia , the former Soviet republic 's president accused Russia of bombing its territory . Georgian troops fire rockets at seperatist South Ossetian troops from an unnamed location not far from Tskhinvali . According to the Associated Press , Mikhail Saakashvili said in a televised statement that Russian aircraft bombed several Georgian villages and other civilian facilities . He said there were injuries and damage to the buildings . "  A full-scale aggression has been launched against Georgia , " he said in a televised statement . A Georgian official said seven people were hurt in the attack , AP reported . Saakashvili urged Russia to immediately stop bombing Georgian territory . "  Georgia will not yield its territory or renounce its freedom , " he said . Meanwhile , AP reported that Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , speaking in televised remarks Friday during his trip to the opening of the Beijing Olympics , blamed Georgia for launching the effort to take control over South Ossetia and warned it would cause an unspecified retaliatory action . Watch more about the increased violence in Georgia " The bombing charge came about an hour after Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations brushed off a question about whether Russia would intervene militarily in a conflict between Georgia and its breakaway territory . Violence in the former Soviet republic prompted an emergency session of the United Nations Security Council that lasted into Friday morning . The security council failed to issue a statement on the dramatic escalation of violence in a breakaway territory of the former Soviet republic of Georgia . Meanwhile , Georgia 's president also announced that his government will be calling up reservists as fighting continued to rage in South Ossetia 's capital . Georgian forces launched fresh attacks into region late Thursday after a top government official said a unilateral cease-fire offer was met with artillery fire . About 2,000 Georgian troops attempted to storm the breakaway territory 's capital overnight and were regrouping south of the city , Tskhinvali , according to Russia 's ITAR-TASS news agency . Georgia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Irakli Alasania , said that "  Russia has become a party to the conflict . " He said Russia has supported separatists in South Ossetia , a charge Russia dismissed . Around 10 a.m. Friday , Georgia said Russian military aircraft violated Georgian airspace and dropped two bombs on Kareli , a part of Georgia that is about 50 miles northwest of the capital , Tblisi , and is not in the conflict zone , said Shota Utiashvili , spokesman for the Georgian Ministry of Interior . No casualties were reported , he said . Georgian troops pushed into South Ossetia after separatists attacked Georgian soil , destroying one village and killing several civilians , soldiers and police officers , Alasania said . Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Vitaly Churkin , denied allegations that his country planned to intervene militarily . In comments to the Security Council , he decried the "  blatant aggressive action of Georgia . " The latest developments follow a week of sporadic clashes between the Georgian central government and authorities in South Ossetia , which declared its independence from Georgia in the early 1990s after a bloody ethnic conflict between Georgians and Ossetians . Alexander Lomaia , the secretary of Georgia 's National Security Council , said his country had to act . "  The objective of the operation is to protect the civilian population , to ensure their security and then convince the separatists that there is not a military solution to this conflict , " he said . Lomaia said Georgian troops were responding proportionately to separatist mortar and artillery attacks on two villages -- attacks he said followed a Thursday evening cease-fire and call for negotiations by Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili . "  There were up to 10 people killed , including peacekeepers and the peaceful population , and up to 23 people wounded , including four of them wounded quite badly , " Lomaia said . But he said Georgia wants a peaceful solution to the conflict and is leaving the door open to negotiations and has offered the territory "  the widest possible autonomy . " The official news agency of the South Ossetian government reported heavy shelling in the South Ossetian capital , Tskhinvali , that left dozens of buildings ablaze . Lomaia said Georgian troops have no plans to reclaim control over the territory as part of the operation launched Thursday night -- but he said how far they advance "  is really dependent on how the situation evolves on the ground . " "  Obviously , there will be a moment when we will be forced to respond , we will be forced to advance in order to prevent such bombardment , " he said . "  But at the time being , there is no such aim of the operation . " Georgia , located on the Black Sea coast between Russia and Turkey , has been split by Russian-backed separatist movements in South Ossetia and another region , Abkhzia . Neither region 's government has international recognition . -- Journalist Elene Gotsadze contributed to this report .	NEW : Georgia said Russian aircraft violated its airspace dropping 2 bombs on Kareli NEW : Georgia 's president : "  A full-scale aggression has been launched " Georgia launched military offensive to regain control of South Ossetia Russian PM warned it will cause an unspecified retaliatory action
CNN  -- An Arkansas man suspected in a shooting that killed one soldier and wounded another at a Little Rock military recruiting center was angry over the treatment of Muslims , authorities said Tuesday . Pvt. William Long , 23 , of Conway , Arkansas , was killed in Monday 's attack . Abdulhakim Bledsoe , 23 , of Little Rock , also told police he recently watched a video "  pertaining to subversive activities which spurred him to commit this act , " according to court documents . Bledsoe pleaded not guilty at his arraignment Tuesday and was ordered held without bail . He faces one count of capital murder and 16 counts of engaging in a terrorist act , said Little Rock Police Chief Stuart Thomas . The terrorist counts stem from the shots fired at an occupied building . Watch scenes from Tuesday in court " Before the not guilty plea , authorities said Bledsoe waived his Miranda rights after the shooting Monday and gave a video statement indicating that "  political and religious " motives were involved . He "  stated that he was a practicing Muslim ... that he was mad at the U.S. military because of what they had done to Muslims in the past , " homicide detective Tommy Hudson said in a police report . Bledsoe told police "  he fired several rounds at the soldiers with the intent of killing them , " according to Hudson 's report . The suspect is a Muslim convert who has also gone by the names Carlos Bledsoe and Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad . He changed his name from the latter April 23 , citing religious reasons , court records show . A leader of the Muslim community in Little Rock said he did not know Bledsoe . The suspect had been under investigation after visiting Yemen , a federal law enforcement official said . The official declined to provide further information . Police believe the shooter acted alone "  with the specific purpose of targeting military personnel , " Thomas said . Kent Krause , Bledsoe 's public defender , said a formal hearing would be held for his client , but no date has been set . Residents left flowers and miniature American flags outside the recruiting center after the shooting . A lone candle burned on the sidewalk next to bouquets of white and red roses . A note that said "  Thank you for your service " was attached to the flowers . The shooting Monday killed Pvt. William Long , 23 , of Conway , Arkansas , and wounded Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula , 18 , of Jacksonville , Arkansas , who were outside the military recruiting center . Bledsoe told police he was driving around and saw Long and Ezeagwula smoking outside the building , according to Hudson 's report . He said he pulled into the parking lot and shot the two soldiers and added that "  he would have killed more soldiers if they had been on the parking lot , " according to the report . Ezeagwula was in stable condition Tuesday , the police chief said . The soldiers were part of a recruiting program called "  hometown recruiting assistance , " said Lt. Col. Thomas F. Artis , commander of the Oklahoma recruiting battalion that oversees the Little Rock Army-Navy recruiting center . Under the program , soldiers tell their stories to potential recruits . It 's a volunteer position taken while soldiers are visiting or based back in their home region , Artis said . "  I 'm relieved there 's a suspect in custody , " said Capt. Matthew Feehan , commander of the recruiting center . He said several people were in the building at the time of the shooting , but nobody else was injured . Bledsoe was arrested after officers on Interstate 630 pulled over his car , which matched witnesses ' description of a black Ford sport utility vehicle seen leaving the scene of the shooting . Police recovered three guns from the suspect 's vehicle -- an SKS semi-automatic rifle , a .22 - caliber rifle and a .380 - caliber automatic pistol , Thomas said . The victims were shot with an SKS rifle , according to the police report . Police also seized from Bledsoe 's vehicle and apartment several rounds of ammunition , two homemade silencers , handwritten notes in Arabic , CDs with handwritten Arabic labels , a computer and cell phones , according to court documents . Melvin Bledsoe of Memphis , Tennessee , was listed on the police report as Bledsoe 's father . He declined to comment , referring questions to Little Rock police .	Police say "  political and religious motives " were indicated Convert said he was angry over military 's treatment of Muslims , police say One soldier killed , one wounded in Monday 's shootings
Boston  CNN  -- With words as ammunition , a defense lawyer fired a machine gun burst of questions at the government 's star witness Tuesday in the federal murder trial of reputed Boston mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger . "  You killed friends ? " Bulger attorney Hank Brennan shot . "  Yes , " replied prosecution witness John Martorano . "  Families ? " "  Yes . " "  Strangers ? " "  Yes . " "  Innocent people ? " "  Yes , " said Martorano , who has admitted to 20 murders and who earlier served 12 years in prison on a government deal for his cooperation in the case against Bulger . Martorano acknowledged he did n't like the term "  hitman " since he "  would n't accept money " for the killings he committed . And he countered the prosecution 's descriptions of him as a "  mass murderer " and a "  serial killer . " "  A serial killer kills because they like it . I did n't like it . I never had any joy in it , " said Martorano , now 72 . Prosecutors say Martorano killed at the direction of Boston 's Winter Hill Gang and Bulger , who is standing trial on 19 murder charges along with racketeering and extortion charges . Bulger was caught in 2011 after spending 16 years as a fugitive and landing on the FBI 's most wanted list . Witness : Heartbroken to know Bulger was FBI informant "  My father , the priests , the nuns " taught him to always "  defend family and friends , " Martorano testified . When Brenann asked whether there was "  any honor or integrity in what you did , " Martorano replied , "  I thought so . " Under questioning by prosecutors , Martorano explained that the six partners who comprised the Winter Hill Gang -- including Bulger , Steven Flemmi , and Martorano -- had to agree on business decisions and targeted hits . Flemmi is serving life terms without parole but avoided a possible death sentence by cooperating with federal authorities . "  Was it a democracy ? " prosecutor Fred Wyshak asked , referring to the Winter Hill Gang . "  So to speak , " answered Martorano . The former mobster described Bulger 's role in six more murders Tuesday , implicating him in a total of 13 killings in just two days of testimony . In one case , Martorano claimed that Bulger fired the fatal shot that killed one of the gang 's targets , a Dorchester , Massachusetts , bartender who was "  squealing " about a murder he had helped the crew commit . That testimony marked the first time that Bulger was placed on the firing end of a gun in a killing . In another slaying , Bulger sat at the wheel of a car , while another crime associate , Tommy King , sat in the passenger seat , with Martorano behind him , the witness said . 2012 : Bulger 's girlfriend pleads guilty All had guns but "  Tommy 's had blanks . " When the car pulled out "  I shot him in the back of the head , " Martorano testified . "  I was driving over Neponset bridge  in Boston  one day and Whitey said tip your hat to Tommy ... . He 's over there , " Martorano testified , acknowledging that he knew where King 's body had been dumped . Martorano said that Bulger 's "  plan B " to take the heat off the Winter Hill Gang for King 's murder was to kill King 's good friend , Buddy Leonard , and put him in King 's car to make it look like the two got into a dispute that ended with Leonard 's death and King 's disappearance . Leonard subsequently was found shot to death . Another time , Bulger sat at a table with another crime associate the partners had decided to kill . As planned , Bulger was counting money with the man when Martorano walked in and shot the man in the temple . In 1982 , Martorano testified , he felt "  really bad " about it but carried out a killing anyway . Outnumbered in the decision by his partners , he killed his friend John Callahan . That came about after another killing : Callahan wanted to buy a business from Oklahoma businessman Roger Wheeler . When Wheeler would n't sell , Callahan asked Martorano to kill him . Martorano said he flew to Oklahoma , picked up a suitcase with machine guns , revolvers and masks that had been shipped from Boston via Greyhound bus , and shot Wheeler between the eyes . Callahan was so grateful he paid his friend $ 50,000 . 2011 : Clues that lead to Bulger 's capture But when trusted FBI contact John Connolly indicated that Callahan was going to be pressured by the government to testify about the murder , the Winter Hill partners , with Martorano outvoted , decided it was too risky for Callahan to live . "  I felt lousy but these were my partners . We were up to our necks in murders already , " Martorano testified . He said he arranged to meet Callahan in Florida , picking him up at the airport and helping him with his bags . Then as Callahan got into the front seat , Martorano got in behind and shot his friend in the head . "  I felt really bad . I 'd just killed a man I 'd risked my life for in Oklahoma , " he testified . Asked by the prosecutor whether he regretted his life of crime , Martorano responded , "  Who would n't ? " During Martorano 's testimony , Bulger sat ramrod straight and kept his eyes focused ahead , barely moving . Bulger turned his head , seeming to look at his former friend sitting just six feet away , only when Martorano said he learned Bulger was an FBI informant .	72-year-old John Martorano is the government 's star witness against Bulger Martorano has admitted to 20 murders as part of Boston 's Winter Hill Gang He testifies that Bulger was directly involved in some killings "  A serial killer kills because they like it ... I never had any joy in it , " Martorano says
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Three suicide attackers shot their way onto the grounds of a five-star hotel in the northwest Pakistani city of Peshawar and set off a car bomb , killing at least seven people and wounding dozens , officials said . Pakistani police gather at the five-star hotel destroyed by a car bomb . Peshawar Police Chief Safwat Ghyour said about 40 people were wounded in the attack on the Pearl Continental Hotel , which is often frequented by foreigners and diplomats . The blast inflicted severe damage on the building , which is surrounded by a security wall , and destroyed dozens of cars in the parking lot , police and witnesses said . The information minister for Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , Mian Iftikhar Hussain , put the death toll at 11 , with at least 50 wounded . A local official , Sahib Zada Muhammad Anis Khan , said one of the dead was a Nigerian national who worked for the United Nations . Qhazi Jamil , senior superintendent of Peshawar police , told CNN three gunmen in a pickup fired on security guards at the hotel 's entrance gate and forced their way inside before setting off the bomb . Hussain and the chief of Peshawar 's bomb-disposal squad said the bomb contained about 500 kilograms  1,100 pounds  of explosives . Peshawar is the capital of North West Frontier Province , which has suffered a spate of bombings on civilian targets in the wake of the Pakistani military 's ongoing military offensive against Taliban militants . Sajjan Gohel , an international security analyst at the Asia-Pacific Foundation in Britain , said the blast appeared to be a response to the government 's offensive . "  It has been criticized very heavily in the tribal areas because of the fact that the Pakistani military has been using helicopter gunships against the Taliban , which has resulted in very high civilian casualties , " Gohel said . He said people in the region are sympathetic to the Taliban , the Islamic militia that ruled most of Afghanistan before the September 2001 attacks on New York and Washington by its al Qaeda allies . "  This is where winning hearts and minds is so key and important , which the military are failing to do , " he said . However , hundreds of Pakistani villagers who have formed an anti-Taliban militia are currently fighting to remove the Islamic militants from their region of northwestern Pakistan , military spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN . Abbas told CNN the Pakistani military is supporting the villagers , who turned against the Taliban after a suicide attack on a local mosque during Friday prayers left at least 40 dead . The Pearl Continental is owned by the same group as the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad , which was destroyed in a suicide truck bombing in September . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Reza Sayah contributed to this report	NEW : Police officer says gunmen fired on security guards in Pakistan hotel attack Car bomb explodes at Pearl Continental Hotel in Peshawar , causing fatalities Exclusive hotel is favored by diplomats ; it is near military base and police station Pakistan military is on the attack against Taliban in the region
London  CNN  -- Thousands of athletes and many more spectators have gathered in London Wednesday for the opening of the 2012 Paralympic Games , set to be the biggest ever held . Over the course of the 11-day event , some 4,280 athletes from 165 countries -- more than ever before -- will compete in 21 sports , with more than 500 gold medals up for grabs . The opening ceremony , titled "  Enlightenment , " features a cast of more than 3,000 adult volunteers , 100 children and more than 100 professional performers , as well as the traditional athletes ' parade . Five-time U.S. Paralympian Scott Danberg has been selected as flag bearer to lead the 227-member U.S. Paralympic Team into the Olympic Stadium , in east London . The Paralympic flame will be carried into the stadium to light the cauldron at the climax of the show . The torch set off on a 24-hour relay Tuesday evening from Stoke Mandeville in Buckinghamshire , the birthplace of the Paralympic movement , and reached London Wednesday morning . Thousands of people lined the streets to see the Paralympic torch relay wend its way through the capital on its way to the Olympic Park . The torchbearers included Paralympians , people who have overcome disability to achieve their goals and local heroes nominated by their communities . The relay route passed many iconic London sites , including Westminster Abbey , London Zoo , Tower Bridge and Abbey Road , where the torchbearers recreated the iconic Beatles album cover shot . The Agitos , the symbol of the Paralympic Games , has replaced the five rings that were suspended from Tower Bridge during the Olympic Games . And excitement levels are again rising in Britain and worldwide , with more than 2.3 million Paralympic tickets sold and huge numbers around the globe expected to watch the events on television and online . "  The Paralympic Games have come home to Britain -- and it will be the biggest Games yet , with more athletes , more countries and more spectators than ever before , " said Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt . "  The talent , commitment and inspiration of the Torchbearers , and ParalympicsGB , reminds us all what can be achieved when we focus on what people can do , rather than what they ca n't . " Stoke Mandeville Hospital is seen as the spiritual home of the Games because it was there that German neurologist Dr. Ludwig Guttmann revolutionized the treatment of paraplegics post-World War II , including introducing sport as part of their rehabilitation programs . Read more : History turns full circle at London 2012 Paralympic Games	The Paralympic opening ceremony takes place Wednesday evening in London The Paralympic torch relay passed through the capital 's streets on its way to the stadium The Games are set to be the biggest yet , with some 4,280 athletes taking part More than 2.3 million tickets have been sold for Paralympic events
CNN  -- A part-time actor has been accused of killing his neighbor and then luring the victim 's friend to her death in an attempt to cover up his crime , authorities in California said . The Costa Mesa Police Department last week charged Daniel Wozniak , 27 , with two counts of murder . Wozniak is being held without bail and will be arraigned June 25 , said Farrah Emami , spokesperson for the Orange County District Attorney 's Office . Wozniak has been accused in the shooting death of Samuel Herr , 26 , and Juri Kibuishi , 23 , of Irvine , police said . According to investigators , Wozniak and Herr , who lived in the same residential complex in Costa Mesa , drove to the Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Base on Friday , May 21 . It is at the base that Wozniak shot and killed Herr for financial gain , police said . The suspect cut off Herr 's head , left arm and right hand and discarded the body parts at a park in Long Beach , police said . After the slaying , Wozniak used Herr 's cell phone to text Kibuishi and arrange for her to come to Herr 's apartment , investigators alleged . Shortly after midnight on May 22 , Kibuishi arrived at the Herr 's home , where she was shot and killed by Wozniak , police said . "  Wozniak then staged the crime scene to appear as if a sexual assault had occurred by partially removing her clothing , " police said in a statement . In addition , investigators said a 17-year-old individual was directed by Wozniak to make several ATM withdrawals using Herr 's bank card . Several law enforcement agencies , including the FBI , have been assisting the Costa Mesa Police . From April 23 to May 23 , Wozniak starred in a local theater 's production of the musical "  Nine . " In a statement , the Hunger Artists Theatre Company said , "  We at Hunger Artists are horrified and saddened by the deaths of Juri Kibuishi and Samuel Eliezer Herr . Our hearts and deepest condolences go out to their friends and families in this tragic time . "	Part-time actor Daniel Wozniak , 27 , is charged with two counts of murder Police say he shot Samuel Herr at California training base for financial gain Police say he then lured Herr 's friend , Juri Kibuishi , to her death with text message Wozniak is being held without bail in Orange County ; he was recently in musical
CNN  -- Two of the four survivors of this week 's crash on an Alaska mountainside were well enough to talk with government officials looking into the cause of the crash , National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  Chairwoman Deborah Hersman told reporters on Friday . Both survivors recalled the pilot giving a safety briefing before the flight , she said . The survivor who sat in the front seat reported falling asleep almost immediately after the plane took off and waking up after the crash . The other survivor told investigators "  they were flying along and then just stopped flying , " according to Hersman , who did not say which of the four survivors investigators spoke with . Five people died in the Monday night crash , including former U.S. Sen. Ted Stevens . The family of experienced pilot Terry Smith , who was killed in the accident , released a statement Friday saying , "  This is a time of great sorrow for our family . Our hearts and prayers go out to the survivors and the family and friends of all those affected by this tremendous loss . " Smith had been involved in a prior accident , in 1997 , said Hersman . No one was injured in that accident , in which the plane nosed over during landing . The incident was chalked up to the pilot 's failure to maintain control , she said . Those killed in the crash could not have been saved even if rescue teams had arrived at the site immediately , officials said . The autopsies found the deaths were the result of blunt force trauma , said Greg Wilkinson , an official at the Medical Examiner 's office . He said the state medical examiner , Dr. Katherine Raven , found the injuries to be consistent with this type of crash . Raven also found that the injuries were not survivable , he said . Meanwhile , the condition of former NASA chief Sean O'Keefe has been upgraded from critical to serious , according to the Providence Alaska Medical Center . He was the most seriously injured of the four survivors . "  Sean is making significant improvements , " an O'Keefe family spokesman said on Friday . " ... It does not appear that any of Sean 's injuries require surgery . And we are encouraged by medical reports indicating that Sean 's injuries are not life-threatening . " O'Keefe suffered a dislocated hip , which has been corrected , according to a statement by family spokesman Paul Pastorek . Despite initial reports , there was no serious trauma to O'Keefe 's pelvis , the statement said . The condition of Sean O'Keefe 's son , Kevin , has been upgraded from serious to fair , said Pastorek . "  Despite suffering serious injuries that have required surgery , Kevin is also showing dramatic improvement , " the statement said . "  Even so , he is very much on the mend . " Survivor Jim Moorhard remained in fair condition , while William Phillips , whose father died in the crash , remained in good condition , said the Providence Alaska Medical Center . Federal officials are continuing to probe the cause of the crash , said NTSB 's Hersman . They are waiting to speak with the remaining two survivors . Investigators are also working to examine the wreckage of the plane . "  Right now , we 're really in the fact-gathering stage of our investigation , " said Hersman . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Official says investigators have spoken with two of the survivors NEW : The pilot was involved in an accident in 1997 Autopsies show those killed in plane crash suffered blunt force trauma The condition of the former NASA chief has been upgraded from critical to serious
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Gunmen fatally shot an American teacher in the Yemeni province of Taiz on Sunday , two defense ministry officials said . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the terror network 's affiliate in Yemen , claimed responsibility for the killing . In a text message sent to Yemeni media outlets , the group said the victim was spreading Christianity , calling him one of the biggest missionaries in the country . But the International Training and Development Center said the victim , whom it identified as "  Joel S. , " was not a missionary . "  He was an American development worker who had been working in Yemen with his wife and two children since 2010 , " when he began working for the education center , it said . "  Unfortunately Joel S. has been accused of being a part of a proselytizing campaign , but the staff of ITDC , which consists of Muslims , Christians and other religions working together , has continually focused on human development , skill transfer and community development , " the center said . "  Joel S. was a very professional employee who highly respected the Islamic religion . " Authorities have not said who killed the teacher . The head of security in the province , Mohamed Saidi , identified him as Joel Shrum . The U.S. Embassy in the capital , Sanaa , said it had heard reports of an American death and was investigating . It did not confirm that an American had been killed . On Thursday , tribesmen demanding the release of prisoners kidnapped a female Swiss teacher in Hodeida on the Red Sea coast , officials said . Imprisoned tribesmen are being held in the Hodeida Central Prison for disturbing travelers and creating roadblocks . In Sunday 's attack , two men on a motorcycle fired eight shots at the teacher , who was on his way to work at a Swedish language center in the provincial capital , the defense ministry officials said . "  We are investigating the killing as this is the first of its kind against a western national in Taiz , " one of the defense officials said . Neither wanted to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media . Yemen has been fighting al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for years , with mixed results . In September , a CIA-operated drone attack in Yemen killed American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , the external operations commander and chief recruiter of English-speaking militants for the group . While the death may reduce al Qaeda 's ability to plan attacks , the group still poses a danger and "  remains the node most likely to attempt transnational attacks , " according to the annual U.S. intelligence community 's threat assessment , released in January . Yemen said Sunday that it had killed 14 suspected militants in the south of the country . The al Qaeda suspects were killed in the town of Jaar in Abyan when government forces attacked militant hideouts using air raids and tanks , two security officials in Abyan said . The Yemeni navy also participated in the attack , bombarding Jaar for three hours Sunday morning . No soldiers were killed in the attacks , three government officials said . Two security officials in Abyan said that the attacks were carried out by Yemeni forces targeting weapons caches in Jaar . "  The attacks on al Qaeda hideouts will not stop against the terrorists in Jaar until they surrender , " one official said . The towns of Dofas , Zinjibar and al-Kod were also raided by the Yemen air force . Residents in Jaar said the militants told them to not leave their homes under any circumstances . "  Ansar al-Sharia called out in the morning that anyone leaving their homes will be at risk . The government raids today targeted a number of residential areas , " said Salem Juhaif , a resident of Jaar . Ansar al-Sharia is a separate Islamist militia allied with al Qaeda . Yemen has been beset by political turbulence since the beginning of last year . Protests led to the departure of President Ali Abdullah Saleh from office . His successor , President Abdo Rabu Mansour Hadi , declared Saturday that people killed in peaceful protests against Saleh were "  martyrs " -- a religious term elevating their status -- and that their families will receive compensation . People wounded in the protests will be offered health care at the government 's expense , his presidential decree said . CNN 's Samira Said contributed to this report .	The victim 's employer says the American was not a missionary Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula accused the vicim of spreading Christianity A provincial security head identifies the victim as Joel Shrum The Yemeni government says it killed 14 Islamic militants
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi representatives will meet with the International Olympic Committee on Monday to try to reach an agreement that would allow now-banned Iraq to participate in next month 's games , an official said Friday . Iraq fans cheer during an Olympic qualifying soccer match against Australia in November . Jassim M. Jaffer , Iraq 's minister of youth and sports , told CNN he is "  optimistic that we will participate . " Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh and the ministry 's adviser , Basil Abdul Mahdi , are on their way to Lausanne , Switzerland , to meet with IOC officials , Jaffer said . The IOC barred Iraq from participating in the Olympic Summer Games in Beijing , China , citing what it said was government interference with Iraq 's Olympic movement . The IOC 's charter does not allow political interference . The ban stems from the Iraqi government decision in May to suspend the country 's existing Olympic committee and form a new entity . Watch an official explain the decision " But even as government representatives traveled to Switzerland , Jaffer said Iraq was considering legal action against the IOC . "  We will revert to international courts with a complaint against the IOC ... to get Iraq 's rights and the rights of the athletes , " Jaffer said . On Friday , another Iraqi government official said the country was doing what it could to reverse the ban , but acknowledged that "  chances are slim " for a change . Basam Ridha al-Husseini , an adviser to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , told CNN the government has been in "  heavy negotiations " with IOC officials through the Asian Olympic Committee . "  The Iraqi government will not give up on our participation , which is still needed by our people , " he said in a phone interview from Dubai . "  We are doing our best to stop the ban . ... The chances of that are slim , but we will persevere and hope it will happen . " Repeated attempts by CNN to reach the IOC press office in Switzerland for comment were unsuccessful . But on Thursday , IOC spokeswoman Emmanuelle Moreau said the IOC in June suspended Iraq 's national Olympic committee after the government removed elected officials and put in people not recognized by the IOC . She said the IOC had proposed to the Iraqi government that officials come to the IOC headquarters in Lausanne , Switzerland , "  to discuss possible solutions . " "  We 're extremely disappointed with the situation , " Moreau said . "  The athletes have been ill-served by the government in Iraq . " Iraq missed a Wednesday deadline for the entry of athletes to compete in archery , judo , rowing and weightlifting , Moreau said . She said there is a chance that track and field athletes could compete if the original committee is reinstated . The deadline for the track team to register is at the end of the month . Jaffer , Iraq 's sports minister , told CNN on Friday that the IOC 's decision was "  unjust " because it did not take into consideration the Iraqi government 's reasons for the May suspension . The minister called on the IOC to come to Iraq and talk to the sports federation to investigate the political interference accusations , and then act accordingly . "  Looking at this from far away , without going into the details , not reading the Iraqi government 's reports , not hearing Iraq 's side of the story and accusing Iraq of many things is really unfortunate , " he said . Several Iraqi athletes were to travel to China for the games ' start in August . Iraqi sprinter Dana Hussain cried for hours after hearing the news of the ban on Thursday , which arrived in the form of a letter to Iraqi officials . "  She has n't stopped . It 's like finding out that a close relative has died , " said her coach , Yousif Abdul Rahman . Abdul Rahman attempted to console Hussain by assuring her that she could compete in the 2012 Olympics . Watch Hussain react to the news " "  In this horrible situation , " she said , "  who can say I 'll even be alive in 2012 ? " Al-Husseini said Iraq had the right as a sovereign nation to suspend the Olympic committee , which he accused of documented corruption . It was not clear where the committee 's funds were going and they "  could be ending up in the hands of terrorists , " he said . "  We are satisfied with the decision ... stand by it and we are not going to change an order by -LSB- Prime Minister -RSB- al-Maliki and the Cabinet . ... Never , " he said . He was asked whether Iraq would consider doing what Yugoslavia did in the 1992 Winter Olympics when it was banned -- sending individual athletes and not raising the national flag . Al-Husseini said that would be an option , but al-Maliki rejected it . Al-Husseini said that Iraq had been banned from taking part in the 1990 Olympics during the Saddam Hussein-era because of the invasion of Kuwait . The 1990 ban , enacted by the Olympic Council of Asia , actually was a ban on participation in the Asian Games , a regional Olympics-related event . Iraq participated in the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona , the first Games held after the Kuwait invasion . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Morgan Neill contributed to this report .	Iraqi officials head to Switzerland to make case to International Olympic Committee IOC said Thursday Iraq was banned from summer games , which start next month IOC charged political interference , cited Iraq 's suspension of its Olympic committee Iraqi official says he 's "  optimistic " Iraq will be allowed to take part in games
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Anti-Semitic incidents worldwide dropped sharply in 2010 from their peak in 2009 , according to an annual report issued by an Israeli university on the eve of the nation 's Holocaust Memorial Day . However , the levels are significantly higher than they were a decade ago , when the upward trend began , according to the report from Tel Aviv University 's Steven Roth Institute for the Study of Contemporary Anti-Semitism and Racism and the Kantor Center for the Study of European Jewry . "  The important question that must be asked today is : Have we learned the lessons of the Holocaust in the world ? And to our great regret , the answer is no , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting . "  A renewed anti-Semitism is spreading . Various forces are joining together and flooding the world with anti-Semitism . The hatred of Jews and the denial of their existence have turned into hatred of the Jewish state and denial of its existence . " According to the report , major incidents of physical violence , direct threats and major acts of vandalism fell by 46 percent , from 1,129 in 2009 to 614 in 2010 . Although it represents a decrease , researchers pointed out the figure of 614 is the third-highest reported since worldwide statistics began to be monitored in the late 1980s . The 2009 peak was attributed to the Israeli incursion into Gaza in early 2009 , which the authors said sparked violence against Jews . "  Since Jews and Israelis are often conflated into a single collective , events in the Middle East often provoke anti-Jewish groups and individuals into perpetrating hostile activities against local Jews . " In 2010 , the largest number of violent incidents took place in the United Kingdom , France and Canada . The three nations saw 60 % of all worldwide incidents , the report said . The report also expressed concern over "  countless anti-Semitic diatribes , speeches , press articles and especially the electronic posts in almost every possible form on the internet ... the central themes were the Jewish - Zionist world power and conspiracy , the demonization and the delegitimization of Israel mainly by comparing it to Nazi Germany and labeling it an apartheid state . " Holocaust Memorial Day begins at sundown on Sunday . It marks the anniversary of the Warsaw , Poland , ghetto uprising , which began April 19 , 1943 , when German troops and police attempted to deport its surviving inhabitants . Jews held out against the Germans for 27 days . About 300 Germans and 7,000 Jews were killed in the violence . The memorial day is also observed in the United States . Congress established the Days of Remembrance as the nation 's annual commemoration of the Holocaust , according to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum . The 2011 remembrance week is May 1-8 .	An Israeli university issues the report The 2010 level is still the third-highest seen Holocaust Memorial Day begins in Israel at sundown
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- The man who flew an airplane into a building housing an Internal Revenue Service office may have replaced some of its seats with a drum of fuel to cause maximum damage , a law enforcement official familiar with the investigation said Friday . The official , who would not speak on the record because it is an ongoing case , said investigators have determined that the Piper Cherokee PA-28 had several seats removed and that a fuel drum was missing from the airport from which Andrew Joseph "  Joe " Stack III took off Thursday morning . "  I think there is a good chance he might have put it on his plane , " said the official , who cautioned that investigators were still working that lead and sifting through the crash site . The single-engine plane has a fuel tank capacity of 38 gallons and is equipped with four seats , according to the Web site risingup.com . The FBI said Friday it has taken the lead role in the investigation of Thursday 's crash into the 7-story building in northwest Austin that held offices for nearly 200 IRS workers . "  You 're talking about a federal agency that was basically assaulted , " Ralph Diaz , special agent in charge of the FBI 's San Antonio , Texas , field office , told reporters . Two people were killed and two others were hospitalized , federal officials said . Though the remains found in the IRS building have been identified , their identities will not be revealed until after a forensic examination , Diaz said Friday . "  One may be Mr. Stack and our fear is certainly the other would be either someone who was visiting or someone who was employed in the building , " he said . Emergency services chief Ernie Rodriguez said one of the injured was treated and released ; the other remained hospitalized . City of Austin Fire Chief Rhoda Mae Kerr credited the building 's fire protection , fast work by the Fire Department and the fact that the employees had practiced exiting the building in case of an emergency for the low loss of life and injuries . "  It truly worked , " she said . Austin attack stuns community Rodriguez said units arrived on the scene within five minutes of the first 911 call prepared to manage hundreds of injured people . "  We found only two persons , " he said . "  When you look at the fire , when you look at the evidence , it 's hard to say that we were lucky , but we were , " he said . "  The big thing to remember is that yesterday , in the midst of this event , God 's grace was upon us . " Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo credited fast thinking by some people who were inside the building as the plane approached for the fact that few people were hurt . "  Some folks saw it coming and sounded the alarm yesterday , and some folks started running away from that side of the building , " he said . Stack 's wife , Sheryl Stack , expressed her "  sincere sympathy to the victims and their families " Friday . "  Words can not adequately express the sorrow or the sympathy I feel for everyone affected by this unimaginable tragedy , " she said in a statement read by a family friend , Rayford Walker . Authorities say Stack also torched his $ 230,000 home in Austin on Thursday morning before embarking on his fatal flight . Police said Sheryl Stack spent Wednesday night in an Austin-area hotel but did not say why . Acevedo said police had received no calls of domestic violence from the house . The only calls to police were made a couple of years ago and concerned barking dogs , he said . A 3,000-word message on a Web site registered to Stack railed against the government , particularly the IRS . Read the apparent suicide note  PDF "  I saw it written once that the definition of insanity is repeating the same process over and over and expecting the outcome to suddenly be different , " the online message says . "  I am finally ready to stop this insanity . Well , Mr. Big Brother IRS man , let 's try something different ; take my pound of flesh and sleep well . " Acevedo reiterated on Friday his assertion first made Thursday that the incident was not an act of terrorism . "  Part of our jobs in law enforcement is not to overreact and cause undue panic , " he said . "  And with the information that we had , there was no need to alarm our colleagues around the country and community members by using the word ` terrorism . ' That is why definitely I did not use it yesterday and I 'm not using it today . " An IRS criminal investigator visited Stack 's accountant after Thursday 's events , leaving a business card on the CPA 's front door . The online message believed to have been written by Stack mentions accountant Bill Ross , saying it had become "  brutally evident that he was representing himself and not me . " Watch what Stack 's writing reveals about him IRS investigator James L. Neff said that Ross is not under investigation ; officials just wanted to make sure he was OK . "  We did n't know if he was alive or dead , " Neff said . Ross , who did not return a call from CNN , was fine , the investigator said . Friends and former colleagues said Friday they had no inkling of the rage apparently building inside Stack . "  He hid that very well , " said Billy Eli , in whose band Stack played bass until a few years ago . "  Obviously he was in some serious distress and had some real despair . I never saw that . " Neither did another former bandmate , Ric Furley . Watch how bandmates remember Stack "  I never saw him in a bad mood or speaking negatively about anything or anyone , " Furley told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  This has been such a shock because it was totally out of character with the Joe Stack I played with for three years , " said Eli . "  We liked him , " said Furley . "  We liked him . " Share information about the crash and the pilot An IRS spokesman said federal law prohibits the agency from releasing information about any interactions the agency may have had with Stack . The IRS issued a statement Friday saying tax returns will not be delayed . CNN 's David Mattingly , Ed Lavandera and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Seats removed from plane , fuel drum missing from airport FBI takes lead role in investigation into Austin , Texas , crash Pilot 's wife expresses her "  sincere sympathy to the victims and their families " Joseph Stack believed to have flown plane into IRS building in suicidal attack
CNN  -- It 's getting a lot of chatter , but is it real ? A new story about some New Jersey hospitals seeing a spike in births nine months after Superstorm Sandy has sparked talk that there just might be a post-Sandy baby boom . Monmouth Medical Center in Long Branch is seeing a 35 % jump , and two other hospitals are seeing 20 % increases , a review by the Asbury Park Press found . It 's the latest in a series of reports suggesting that when Mother Nature knocked out the power , some couples who were cooped up at home let nature take its course there , too . As CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported in March , some doctors have been overwhelmed with business . "  It got to the point where we had to stop seeing new obstetrical patients to the practice , " said Dr. Robert Rubino , who runs an OB/GYN practice in West Orange , New Jersey . "  We think we have a Sandy baby , " Rubino 's patient Meredith Swormstedt and her husband Hank told CNN . Stephanie Tych and Brian Boruch said the same . "  Well , there was no TV , " Boruch said , blushing . Tych put it this way : "  We just got closer . " For these couples , there 's no doubt that Sandy -- amid all its destruction -- led to something joyous . A study suggests some natural disasters lead to an increase in pregnancies -- not where the destruction is most severe , but in areas that are affected and remain livable . "  You may run out of power , but you 're not running for your life . There 's probably more opportunities for reproductive behavior , " says Richard Evans , an assistant professor at Brigham Young University and author of the 2007 study "  The Fertility Effect of Catastrophe . " In 2009 , CNN affiliate KPRC reported on some hospitals seeing an increase in births after Hurricane Ike . But some hospitals in the area struck by Sandy are not reporting any increase in birth rates nine months after the storm . Sandy still bringing down homes , but families vow to be back New York City 's Mount Sinai has n't seen any such spike , Dr. Raymond Sandler , head of labor and delivery for the hospital , told CNN on Wednesday . The idea that people have more babies after natural disasters is "  just not documented , " he says . "  I do n't know why people are even saying it . " These days , most people plan when to have children , and do n't suddenly change their minds in a storm , says Sandler , who has worked in obstetrics in New York for 40 years . And those who "  do n't practice safe sex -- they 're going to have babies whether the lights are out or not , " he said . Snopes.com , the online myth debunking site , says the baby boom reports that inevitably follow nine months after crises "  typically prove to be nothing more than natural fluctuations in the birth rate , " or , in many cases , no variation in the birth rate at all . Carl Haub , a demographer with the Population Reference Bureau , a nonprofit that provides information about population trends , has looked at birth rates for decades and never found clear evidence that a region has a baby boom nine months after a disaster . It 's possible , but it 's "  hard to pin down " variations "  to a single event , " he told CNN on Wednesday . When post-storm baby booms are reported , they 're usually by individual hospitals , not broad regions , he said . So people in a small area may have stayed in and stayed busy , but they did n't represent a big swath of the population . Nine months after the New York City blackout in November 1965 , The New York Times reported on a sharp increase in births . The report turned out to be inaccurate , which the Times itself later acknowledged . It will be some time before it can be determined whether Sandy caused an overall baby boom in the Northeast . Birth figures would need to be tallied and studied for numerous factors , particularly in areas that have been growing anyway . But for the couples CNN spoke with , what matters is the baby boom at home . Hank and Meredith Swormstedt told CNN they ruled out one name for their child pretty quickly : "  Not Sandy . "	Report suggests a baby boom 9 months after Superstorm Sandy at some N.J. hospitals Some couples told CNN their children were conceived during the storm Experts disagree over whether disasters lead to baby booms Some doctors say it 's a myth
Atlanta  CNN  -- It began when Shelley Boyle 's veterinarian recommended she stop feeding meat and dairy to her beloved mutt , Cleo , to determine whether a food allergy was to blame for the dog 's chronic ear infection . Boyle 's interest was immediately piqued . She had been a vegan for nearly two years , after deciding to cut meat , eggs and dairy from her diet for health and ethical reasons . But she never considered the possibility that she could align her dog 's diet with hers . "  I 've had animals all my life and when I did look into a vegan diet for my cat , I read that cats ca n't be vegan ... so I went to the conclusion that we ca n't do this for Cleo , " says Boyle , an environmental consultant and part-time vegan baker from Studio City , California . With her doctor 's guidance , she began whipping up batches of pinto beans , brown rice and sweet potatoes each week . She fed them to 4-year-old Cleo , a German shepherd/pit bull mix , twice daily with a dose of probiotics at lunch to help her digest . Five months later , Cleo 's ear infection is gone , Boyle says . Her coat has taken on a healthy shine and she no longer has bad breath , dandruff or excessive shedding , she says . Her vet at the Animal Dermatology Clinic in Pasadena , California , suggested incorporating calcium and iron supplements through a diet of leafy greens or a vegan nutritional capsule . "  Her health and well-being is the main thing for us , but that fact we have a vegan option is a double-benefit because it means our dog can live with the same ideology , " she says . With the vegan diet enjoying a period of  mostly  positive widespread exposure , it should come as little surprise that vegetarian or vegan pet owners might want to project those ideals onto their canine companions . Celebrities such as Woody Harrelson , Ellen Degeneres , Russell Simmons and Alicia Silverstone  who discusses her dogs ' vegan diet in her book , "  The Kind Diet "  have long been touting the health benefits of a vegan diet , along with Colin Campbell and Caldwell Esselstyn , two doctors who are the subjects of an upcoming documentary extolling the benefits of the plant-based diet . A steady stream in recent years of publications , from Jonathan Safran Foer 's 2009 book "  Eating Animals " to this year 's New York Times bestseller , "  Veganist , " also have lent the movement some credibility . Read "  Vegan on the silver screen " It 's even caught the attention of talk show host and professional trendsetter Oprah Winfrey . Winfrey recently challenged her staff to go vegan for a week , with the help of "  Veganist " author and nutritionist Kathy Freston . The experiment led to a collective weight loss of 440 pounds and a pledge from Winfrey to go "  vegan-ish " and institute meatless Mondays at Harpo Studios . The notion of a holistic approach that gives pet owners more control over their pets ' diet has been gaining ground since 2007 , when a melamine contamination of commercial pet food caused people to take a closer look at what they were feeding their pets , says Donna Spector , a veterinary internal medicine specialist who runs SpectorDVM , an animal nutrition consultancy . "  That was a turning point that led to more home-cooked meals and raw food diets . Vegetarianism is another subset of that backlash , " she says . Spector and six other pet experts who spoke with CNN conceded -- some more reluctantly than others -- that most dogs could biologically live on a vegan diet . But doing so requires substantial attention to creating a balanced diet that makes up for the loss of animal protein with substitutions of beans , soy and , to a lesser extent , vegetables and grains . Dogs are classified in the order Carnivora , but , unlike cats  a topic for another day  they have evolved biologically as omnivores , meaning their systems can derive nutrients from a wide variety of sources , including fruits , vegetables , grains , legumes and animal products . "  The important thing is that you use a diet that has been shown to be nutritionally adequate for whatever stage of life you 're feeding , and it is absolutely possible to find a good quality commercial pet food that does n't have animal products in it , " says veterinarian Kathryn E. Michel , an associate professor of nutrition at the University of Pennsylvania 's School of Veterinary Medicine . She recommended using only commercial pet food that has gone through Association of American Feed Control Officials feeding trials . Or , if you prefer to cook meals from scratch , consult a credentialed expert in dog nutrition to ensure a proper balance of essential nutrients . Whether dogs can thrive on a vegan diet elicits different shades of responses . "  If you go to India you can see dogs living on the scraps . They can survive on almost nothing once they 've evolved to living on the streets , but is that what 's best ? " says pet expert and author Tracie Hotchner , host of the radio show "  Dog Talk . " "  If a dog has a choice he 's not picking a pile of beans over chicken or meat , and he 's not going to be lapping up soy , " she says . "  If you 're going to be harmonious in your choices , be harmonious . I say respect each species for what it was meant to be , and if you feel that strongly about being vegan , get a vegetarian animal . Bunnies make wonderful pets . " Dogs have a significantly higher daily protein requirement than humans . Finding protein sources that provide adequate amounts of nutrients such as amino acids in the sufficient ratio can be difficult under the vegan approach , which relies on plant protein sources that have less biologic value than meat protein , Spector says . "  Vegetarian pet foods require the addition of synthetic amino acids to fill nutritional gaps or a much higher overall protein level to supply all of the essential amino acids . Overall , it is much easier and more reliable to supply a dog 's essential nutrients in a food containing both plants and meat , " she says . The vegan diet also lacks some essential fatty acids that are only available in animal products like butter and fish oils , says veterinarian Michael Fox , former president of the U.S. Humane Society and author of "  Dog Mind , Dog Body . " Fox , a lacto-ovo vegetarian who feeds his dogs an omnivorous diet prepared at home , says the best approach for dogs -- and humans -- is a varied diet from organic ingredients . He says some adult dogs do adapt and even thrive on well-balanced vegan diets , but contends that dogs do best with a variety of foods that include some animals fats and protein . "  Dogs have evolved to a degree , but they 've been with us 45,000 years as camp followers , scavengers , village dogs in the third-world countries and they 'll eat just about anything , " he says , adding that dogs could benefit from a vegan meal at least once a week to detox . "  But then again , we do n't have the real science to back up whether it 's safe enough , so , for dogs ' sake , we need to adopt the cautionary principle . " The first thing doctors tend to ask is why someone is considering a vegan diet , Fox says . In most cases , personal ethics are the primary motivator , followed by food allergies . In the latter category , a vegan diet can bring relief , veterinarian Armaiti May says . "  I 've seen many dogs with food allergies , and often switching to a vegan diet can help them , " says May , who is vegan . "  They also avoid taking in animal by-products from commercially produced dog food , including slaughterhouse waste products and rejects that would n't be fit for human consumption . We 've seen a lot of cancer and other degenerative diseases in dogs in recent years so it 's easy to suspect that pet food could be a contributor . " For those who have embraced a vegan diet for their dogs , they say they have living and breathing proof that it works . Heather Kennedy , an editor for a scientific nonprofit society in Atlanta , has raised her two dogs vegan since she they came to live with her , two and a half years ago . She feeds them a prepared blend of dried vegetables , fruits and herbs that she mixes with water and either tofu , beans or textured vegetable protein . "  I get the occasional weird look , but any doubters seem to feel much better once they meet Moliere and Tillie and see that they 're normal , healthy , energetic and rambunctious little dogs , " she says . CNN 's Brett Roegiers contributed to this report .	Shelley Boyle 's vet suggested cutting meat , dairy from dog 's diet to diagnose ear infection Five months later , Cleo 's ear infection and bad breath is gone , Boyle says Vets say dogs -- but not cats -- can adapt to balanced omnivore diet Question up for grabs is whether dogs can thrive on diet free of animal protein
London  CNN  -- A nurse who took a prank call from an Australian radio station apparently hanged herself using a scarf , but her reasons for pursuing that tragic course remain unclear . Jacintha Saldanha was found last Friday by work colleagues hanging from a wardrobe door at her hospital living quarters , a coroner 's court in London heard Thursday . The nurse , who was married with two teenaged children , left three notes , two at the scene and a third with her belongings , Westminster Coroner 's Court heard . The content of the notes was not disclosed . Read more : Who was Jacintha Saldanha ? There were also "  some injuries to her wrist , " Detective Chief Inspector James Harman said . The nurse put through the prank call December 4 to a nurse on the ward where Prince William 's wife , Catherine , was being treated for acute morning sickness . Some details of her condition were given to the radio DJs , who impersonated Prince Charles and Queen Elizabeth II . The details around the circumstances of Saldanha 's death emerged as an inquest -- a proceeding usually held in Britain when a death is sudden , unexplained or violent -- was opened . The coroner 's court was told that Saldanha 's body was formally identified Tuesday by her husband , Benedict Barboza . Police are looking at e-mails and telephone records , Harman said , and will speak to Saldanha 's friends and co-workers about what could have led to her death . Opinion : Prank call pitted ` the great ' against the powerless At this time there are no suspicious circumstances , he said . Police will also be in touch with Australian police to find out what would be the best way of gathering evidence , Harman said . This could involve either going to Australia or collecting evidence remotely . Saldanha , whose tragic death triggered wide public anger against the radio station involved , Sydney-based 2Day FM , was represented at the coroner 's court by co-workers from the hospital . The Australian Communications and Media Authority , the country 's media watchdog , on Thursday opened a formal investigation into 2Day FM 's broadcast of the prank call . Social media users blast 2DayFM radio hosts "  The ACMA will be examining whether the licensee has complied with its broadcasting obligations , " said chairman Chris Chapman . The station 's owner , media network Southern Cross Austereo , pledged Tuesday to donate at least 500,000 Australian dollars  US$ 524,000  to a fund for the nurse 's family . It lifted a moratorium on advertising Thursday , with all profits to the end of the year to go to the fund . The 46-year-old nurse , who moved to the UK from India a decade ago , had worked at King Edward VII 's Hospital , where Catherine was being treated , for the past four years The coroner adjourned the inquest until a provisional date of March 26 . Radio personalities apologize for prank call	The nurse 's body was formally identified by her husband , the inquest hears Australia 's media watchdog opens an investigation into the prank call by 2Day FM Court : Jacintha Saldanha was found by co-workers hanging from a scarf The nurse left three notes , two of them at the scene , a police officer says
CNN  It 's been a turbulent start to 2015 for leading Spanish club Barcelona as it sacked director of football Andoni Zubizarreta , while Carles Puyol decided to step down from his assistant sporting director role . Zubizarreta 's dismissal follows Sunday 's disappointing 1-0 La Liga defeat to Real Sociedad and the news last Tuesday that the club had lost its appeal to the Court of Arbitration of Sport  CAS  following the decision to ban it from being able to sign new players over the next 12 months . A former goalkeeper for the club , Zubizarreta had been responsible for Barcelona 's transfer business since returning to the Camp Nou in July 2010 . "  The FC Barcelona President Josep Maria Bartomeu has decided to terminate as of today the contract of the Club 's Director of Football , Andoni Zubizarreta , " an official Barcelona statement read . "  The President , in the name of the Club , thanks Andoni Zubizarreta for his contribution , dedication and professionalism over the last four years in his role at the head of the Club 's football area . " Zubizaretta was n't the only leading figure at Barcelona to leave the club Monday after Puyol confirmed on his Facebook page that he would also be departing . A former captain of the club , who won three Champions League crowns and six La Liga titles , Puyol was appointed assistant sporting director soon after retiring as a player in May . "  These last three months gave me the opportunity to see the other side of the club . I learned a lot , I am very grateful and , now , I want to try other things from another perspective and in other places , " Puyol wrote . "  I want to grow both personally and professionally so that , in the future , I can return to this home and give back all that you gave me during these unforgettable years . "  I remain extremely grateful to the employees , directors , president and sports management for trusting me and for helping me in this transition that was not easy . "  And most of all to the fans who , if I felt they were supportive when I played , now , since my retirement , I feel that even more . "  I wish I could have said good bye to everyone with my boots on , but life does not always goes as one desires . I have been and I am very fortunate too feel as much love and support , for which I can only say THANK YOU and let you know that I will always carry you in my heart . "  Long live BARCA . " CAS 's decision , which found Barcelona guilty of breaching FIFA rules on signing minors , means the club is unable to add to its squad during the next two transfer windows . The Spanish club , also hit with a $ 455,000 fine , says the transfer ban is "  disproportionate " and "  excessive . " After Barcelona 's loss to Real Sociedad -- a result which meant it missed the chance to move top of the La Liga table -- Zubizarreta suggested in an interview with Canal + that he was not solely to blame for the transfer ban . "  Taking responsibility is to explain the actions , how the decisions were made , but I have little to explain because the vice-president -LSB- Bartomeu -RSB- who was in charge of that area -LSB- at the time -RSB- is the current president , " he said . FIFA first issued the ban in April , but with Barcelona appealing the decision it was free to buy players until that appeal was then rejected by world football 's governing body in August . Zubizarreta helped to bring Luis Suarez to the club from Liverpool in the summer , which was met with much excitement from supporters , yet other signings have not been met with such acclaim . Douglas was signed from Sao Paulo but has only made three appearances this season , while Thomas Vermaelen has yet to make his debut for the club since joining from Arsenal due to injury . Zubizarreta also helped sign the likes of Adriano , Javier Mascherano , Alexis Sanchez , Cesc Fabregas and Neymar , who have all proved relative successes . Neymar 's transfer , however , cast a shadow over Barcelona , with Spain 's authorities accusing the club of tax fraud . Zubizarreta played for Barcelona between 1986 and 1994 , helping the side to a first ever European Cup in 1992 . The Spanish club is yet to announce who will fill the vacancy left by the 53-year-old .	Andoni Zubizarreta dismissed by Barcelona from role of director of football Decision follows the club losing its appeal to CAS over transfer ban Former club captain Carles Puyol steps down from assistant sporting director role
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Closing arguments in the Jerry Sandusky child sexual abuse trial could begin as soon as Thursday , Judge John Cleland said Monday . He said the defense will probably end its case midday Wednesday , followed by the prosecution 's rebuttal . That should end Wednesday afternoon , clearing the way for closing arguments Thursday , less than two weeks after the start of what had been expected to be a three-week case . The defense case began Monday , but testimony ended early because of "  technical issues " involving witnesses , Cleland told jurors . Sandusky , 68 , is on trial on 51 counts related to accusations of improper conduct and sexual abuse involving at least 10 boys over a 15-year span . The former Penn State assistant coach has denied the charges . At the conclusion of the trial , jurors will be sequestered in a hotel so outside influences can not affect their deliberations , Cleland said . Prosecutors wrapped up their case Monday morning with brief testimony from the mother of one of the alleged victims . "  He gave him clothes , he gave him gifts , " the mother of an accuser called Victim 9 testified . "  I just wish he 'd given him underwear to replace the underwear I could never find in my laundry . " The final prosecution witness testified Monday that her son seemed to suffer from stomach ailments during the time he was visiting Sandusky and sometimes did not want to visit the former Penn State assistant 's home . But she said she did not ask him about any possible abuse and still does not know what happened to him . "  I did n't really want to hear , " she said , crying . Sandusky 's child sex abuse allegations : In his own words The defense then opened its case with a former Penn State coach who testified about Sandusky 's stellar reputation in the community . Richard Anderson said that it was not uncommon for coaches and youths to use the shower at the same time , and that he had never seen anything inappropriate between Sandusky and a child . Before Monday 's testimony , Cleland rejected defense arguments that the charges were too vague or the testimony did not support the claims . Prosecutors did withdraw one charge of unlawful contact with a minor involving one of the defendants . The law was not in effect during the time the alleged misconduct occurred , prosecutors said . That left 51 charges pending against Sandusky . A main focus of the defense 's strategy may be to attempt to poke holes in the prosecution 's case thus far . "  A lot of people lied , " lawyer Joe Amendola said last Monday in his opening statement . Over four days , several people testified that Sandusky forced them to engage in sexual acts with him in various places , including showers in the Penn State coaches ' locker room , hotel rooms and the basement of his home . ` Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , molestation , betrayal One told jurors that Sandusky -- whom he met , like many of the accusers , through the Second Mile nonprofit for disadvantaged youths that the ex-coach founded -- had threatened him if he told others about the abuse . Another said Sandusky warned he might send him home from a trip to Texas , where they 'd gone to watch a Penn State bowl game , if he resisted the sexual advances . "  There 's a tsunami of evidence against him , " veteran criminal defense attorney Ron Kuby said . The defense could challenge the accusers ' timetable , questioning if Sandusky could have committed the crimes they claim he did , when they say he did them . Some of the accusers have civil attorneys , Amendola noted last week , calling that unusual . Others , he said , have a financial interest in the case , an allegation that was denied by the accusers and their attorneys . But Howard Janet , who represents the accuser known as Victim 6 , blasted Amendola 's assertion that his client and others detailed the abuse just so they could sue Sandusky , calling it nonsense . "  Does that mean that none of them are telling the truth , because they 've gone to hire a lawyer ? " he said . "  That 's absurd . " The defense is expected to call an expert witness to testify that Sandusky may have histrionic personality disorder , which the National Institutes of Health says describes people who act "  in a very emotional and dramatic way that draws attention to themselves . " What is histrionic personality disorder ? The prosecution had presented as evidence what one accuser described as "  creepy love letters , " written by Sandusky , that they argued were part of "  grooming techniques " commonly employed by sexual predators . Judge Cleland issued an order Friday allowing a defense motion to offer expert testimony from a psychologist who "  will explain that the words , tones , requests and statements made in the letters are consistent with a person who suffers from a Histrionic Personality Disorder . " "  The goal of a person suffering from this disorder in writing those letters would not necessarily be to groom or sexually consummate a relationship in a criminal manner , but rather to satisfy the needs of a psyche belabored by the needs of such a disorder , " the defense lawyers wrote in their motion . Sandusky was expected to be examined Sunday by a prosecution psychologist related to the personality disorder defense , according to a source with knowledge with the case . It was not clear if that happened . Another person who could testify is Dottie Sandusky , the accused ex-coach 's wife . While many alleged victims knew her , she is not accused of having witnessed any sexual abuse . Lastly , there 's the question of whether Sandusky himself will take the stand . Amendola told jurors last week that Sandusky routinely "  got showers with kids " after working out and that he would say so later . Kuby , the defense lawyer , said having the former coach testify may give him his best chance at avoiding jail time . "  Just maybe he can convince one juror to hold out , " the lawyer said . "  A hung jury , right now , is a lot better than life without parole . " Jerry Sandusky trial : All you need to know CNN 's Dana Garrett , Laura Dolan and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Closing arguments could come Thursday , judge says NEW : Testimony ended early Monday because of "  technical issues , " judge says First defense witness says he never saw any inappropriate conduct Sandusky may take the stand in his own defense , his lawyer has suggested
CNN  -- A short video that has gone viral in Mexico asks a tough question of the country 's presidential candidates : "  Are you striving only for the  presidential  chair , or will you change the future of our country ? " A young girl with brown eyes and long brown hair , wearing a simple white shirt , poses the question . Behind her is a small army of child actors who star in the video , which is cute for a moment , but deadly serious . In it , the children act out a day in the life of a Mexican resident , fraught with all the problems and challenges that a leader must face . A child dressed as a businessman gets robbed at gunpoint as soon as he leaves his home . The robbers hand their loot over to a corrupt police officer . Protesters clash with riot police . There 's a smog alert . Drug traffickers have it out with police on the streets , and human smugglers unload their cargo . Seeing children act out these grown-up situations has elicited a number of responses . Some viewers have criticized it as political manipulation , others as a wake-up call . But the list of Mexico 's woes weighs heavily : security , pollution and poverty , among others . The video has garnered nearly 2 million views in less than four days . "  In reality , the video is not reflecting anything that people have not experienced , " said Rosenda Martinez , a spokeswoman for Our Mexico of the Future , the group behind the production . The video targets the major presidential candidates -- Enrique Pena Nieto , Josefina Vazquez Mota and Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador -- and aims to raise awareness about Our Mexico of the Future . The goal of the organization is to collect as many "  visions " of Mexico 's future as possible and to compile them in a book that will be presented to the candidates before the election . So far , more than 10 million Mexicans have written or recorded their dreams for a safer or cleaner or more tolerant Mexico . "  We 've had the response we 've hoped for , and even exceeded it , " Martinez said . After the children in the video depict a kidnapping , posters of the missing and people wearing face masks because of smog , the young narrator continues : "  If this is the future that awaits me , I do n't want it . Stop working for your party , and not for us . Stop superficially fixing the country . " Some of the candidates have watched the video . Vazquez Mota , of the ruling National Action Party , said the video 's message ca n't go unnoticed , while Institutional Revolutionary Party candidate Pena Nieto expressed that now is the time for change , as the video suggests . Leftist candidate Lopez Obrador , of the Party of the Democratic Revolution , had not seen the video , but said he agreed with the theme of change . Our Mexico of the Future will release data based on the millions of messages it has received . Martinez said to expect that security and the environment are the two most popular themes mentioned by Mexicans . CNN 's Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report from Mexico City .	A video featuring child actors has gone viral in Mexico It shows children facing the challenges the country faces The video asks Mexican presidential candidates for real change Some of the candidates have seen the video
CNN  -- Nearly 65 years after his demise by his own hand in a bunker beneath the streets of Berlin , Adolf Hitler is still managing to cause controversy . The latest dispute has pitched U.S. researchers against the Russian Federal Security Service  FSB  in a debate over the authenticity of fragments of skull and jawbone said to belong to the Nazi dictator . The origins of the dispute date back to 2000 when Russian officials put the fragments on public display in Moscow . The skull fragment has a hole near the temple . Proof , said officials , that Hitler had committed suicide by putting a gun to his head . But earlier this year , researchers from the University of Connecticut released the results of a DNA test on the skull which they say proves not only that it did n't belong to the Nazi leader , but the remains were that of a female aged between 20 and 40 years old . The findings might have encouraged one of the wilder conspiracy theories about Hitler to flourish , but researchers were not claiming that Hitler was a woman . Nor do they think that the remains are likely to be those of Hitler 's long term partner Eva Braun , who , so the story goes , killed herself at the same time and place as the Fuehrer in 1945 . Yet despite the new evidence , Russian officials remain adamant that the remains are Hitler 's and , in their defense , have released archive documents in an attempt to prove the bones are authentic . A report published by Russia 's Interfax news agency this week quotes the head of the FSB archives saying Hitler 's remains , except parts of his skull and jaw , were burnt in 1970 and thrown into the Biederitz River in what was then East Germany . FSB archives ' chief Lieutenant-General Vasily Khristoforov told Interfax that the decision to destroy Hitler 's remains and those of Eva Braun and the Goebbels family was ordered by the head of Russia 's KGB -- forerunner to the FSB -- Yury Andropov -LSB- who briefly became Soviet leader in 1982 -RSB- . "  Andropov clearly listed the plan : To remove and destroy the remains of the war criminals , buried in Magdeburg -LSB- Germany -RSB- on February 21 , 1946 ... " Khristoforov told Interfax . Khristoforov said Andropov 's decision to dispose of Hitler 's ashes in the river nearly 40 years ago was "  motivated by the KGB and Communist Party leaders ' fears that the place where Hitler was buried could become a place of attraction for supporters of his ideas . " Interesting though they are , the Khristoforov 's revelations do n't shed any more light on the authenticity of the skull . For now , U.S. researchers stand by their evidence saying the skull fragment is definitely from a female , while Russia insists that the jawbone -- which the U.S. researchers did n't test -- is most definitely male . Whatever the eventual outcome is , in this , the latest in a long line of investigations into the most reviled figure of the 20th century , it seems certain that experts and conspiracy theorists alike will be picking over the bones of Hitler 's life and legacy for decades to come .	Debate over authenticity of the remains of Adolf Hitler 's skull continues U.S. researchers say skull fragment say DNA evidence proves that skull fragment is n't Hitler 's Fragment of Hitler 's alleged skull and jawbone held in Russian state archive
CNN  -- There may not be a single cemetery in Massachusetts or in the entire country that is willing to be Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's final resting place , a funeral director told CNN on Monday . And that has left Peter Stefan in a very difficult spot . "  I think  the cemeteries that have been asked  probably fear reprisals from people who have loved ones being buried there , people who may potentially buy lots there , " the funeral director said . Tsarnaev and his younger brother , Dzhokhar , are accused of setting off two deadly explosions at the Boston Marathon in April . The funeral director says he is trying to do everything he can , but he 's struggling . "  I think a lot of the people do n't understand , " Stefan said . "  And it 's an emotional problem , obviously . " But , "  We have to bury this guy , " he continued . "  Whoever he is , in this country , we bury people . " But outside the funeral home in Worcester , about 40 miles west of downtown Boston , picketers denounced plans to bury the marathon bomb suspect in their community . One held a sign that read , "  Bury the garbage in the landfill . " Bomb suspect 's friend out on bail , released to mom William Breault , chairman of a Worcester civic group , told CNN that Stefan "  made a big mistake " agreeing to accept the remains , "  and now we 're in a situation where nobody wants to take him . " "  I not only do n't want to see him buried in Worcester , Massachusetts , very close to where I live , I do n't think he should be buried in the state , " Breault said . He said his organization , the Main South Alliance for Public Safety , is trying to raise up to $ 5,000 to have Tsarnaev 's body shipped overseas . "  He 's not a citizen , he should n't be given rights , " Breault said . Meanwhile on Monday , a law enforcement official who spoke to CNN said that investigators believe that Tsarnaev accessed Inspire magazine -- an English-language magazine published by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- on a computer in the apartment where he and his wife lived . The Inspire material had instructions on bomb-making , the official said . Asked whether the computer belonged to the husband , his wife , or whether it was shared , the official said only that investigators believe the husband was accessing that material . What are the options ? It may be possible to look to the past for guidance on how to handle the remains of notorious figures . Five new things in Boston bombing story President John F. Kennedy 's assassin , Lee Harvey Oswald , is buried in the Dallas area , where he lived before shooting Kennedy in 1963 . Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh 's ashes were scattered after his execution , though where is a mystery . The body of Abraham Lincoln 's killer , John Wilkes Booth , lies in an unmarked grave in a Baltimore cemetery where other members of his family are buried . Cremation is not an option because Islam does not allow it , according to Naeem Baig of the Islamic Circle of North America . However , it would not violate Islamic tradition to bury Tsarnaev in an unmarked grave , which may reduce the odds that a cemetery would suffer a backlash for providing space . In fact , it 's customary for Muslims to forgo gravestones , according to John Esposito , a professor of international affairs and Islamic studies at Georgetown University . "  That burial could be carried out by simply saying he was buried in a cemetery and burying him without a marker , " Esposito said . Some might ask why there has n't been a move to bury Tsarnaev at sea , the way Osama bin Laden was buried . First , bin Laden 's body was in the possession of the federal government , which is n't the case with Tsarnaev 's body . Secondly , as Baig points out , it was n't a concern that relatives of bin Laden should be consulted . The United States asked Saudi Arabia if officials objected to burying bin Laden at sea . The Saudis did not . A family matter In Tsarnaev 's case , his parents are alive and in the Russian region of Dagestan . But Tamerlan Tsarnaev held a passport from the former Soviet republic of Kyrgyzstan , where he was born , so his remains ca n't be sent to Russia , said Zaurbek Sadakhanov , a lawyer for the parents . Tsarnaev had requested a Russian passport but had not received one , Sadakhanov said . His parents have not asked that his body be brought to Russia -- and in any event , Russian law says the bodies of "  terrorists " killed by government forces should be buried in an undisclosed location , without the family being notified of the site , he said . Esposito said that although an unmarked grave may not violate Islamic practices , it could certainly run afoul of the courtesy of getting Tsarnaev 's parents ' permission to conduct their son 's burial that way . On Monday afternoon at a media event , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick stressed that the fate of Tsarnaev 's body rests with his family . "  First of all , this is n't a state or a federal issue . It 's the family 's issue , " the governor said , responding to a reporter 's question . "  And the family has some options . I assume they will make a decision soon . I hope they do . I think everybody is feeling upset about what happened . " A reporter asked : "  Do communities have a right to refuse the body ? " "  I do n't know about right , " Patrick answered . "  I think , if you 're asking about legal rights and so forth , I do n't know the answer to that . But I understand that the family does have some options , and I expect they will make a decision soon . " Asked if he opposed burying Tsarnaev in Massachusetts , Patrick said , "  I do n't have a comment about that or a point of view . " Watch : Imam does n't want body either On Sunday , Tsarnaev 's uncle Ruslan Tsarni was the only relative at Stefan 's funeral home . Tsarni , who decried the bombing suspects as "  losers " after the attacks , performed the Islamic tradition of preparing a body for burial , washing and shrouding it . He said he had not been in contact with Katherine Russell , his nephew 's widow . "  I 'm left alone to deal with this matter , " Tsarni said . "  And I want to stress that Tamerlan Tsarnaev has no other place to be buried . There 's no other place who would accept his body . " Cambridge clash Tsarnaev 's uncle wants him buried in Cambridge , Massachusetts , arguing that it 's his nephew 's home . "  He grew up here , " Tsarni said . But town officials have strongly rejected the idea . "  The difficult and stressful efforts of the citizens of the City of Cambridge to return to a peaceful life would be adversely impacted by the turmoil , protests , and widespread media presence at such an interment , " City Manager Robert W. Healy said in a statement Sunday . Stefan suggested Monday that he and the family are considering appealing to a Muslim cemetery outside Massachusetts . And yet , that might not work either , he fears . "  I feel the same problem exists when the neighbors and the people find out what we 're doing , " Stefan said . He added that most of the cemeteries in Massachusetts are nonsectarian with a section set aside for Muslims . "  The only true Muslim cemetery is in Connecticut , " he said , without naming the cemetery he was referring to . "  At this point , any outcome would be better than nothing , " Stefan said . And he will continue to try to bring this painful experience -- for everyone -- to an end . Stefan has said that if no grave site is found , he plans to ask the U.S. government to find one . "  This is a big problem , and somebody has to step in and say , ` Look , we 're going to have to do something here , ' " he said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : Massachusetts group raising money to ship body overseas Official : Tamerlan Tsarnaev accessed Inspire magazine on a home computer Peter Stefan says he is struggling to find a grave for Tsarnaev Cambridge 's city manager says he wo n't allow Tsarnaev 's burial in his city
CNN  -- A French journalist reporting alongside soldiers is missing in Colombia after a leftist rebel group attacked their unit , killing four people and injuring six , officials said Sunday . Romeo Langlois , who works for France 24 , is a war reporter with more than 10 years experience in the country , said Colombian Defense Minister Juan Carlos Pinzon . According to preliminary reports , Langlois was shot in his arm before he disappeared , the minister said . The attack by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , also known as the FARC , took place in the southern Caqueta province as soldiers worked to destroy cocaine laboratories . A sergeant , two soldiers and a national police officer were killed , the defense ministry said ; six others were injured . On Sunday , French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told French media that Langlois had been taken prisoner . France 24 reported its editors were working with authorities in both countries to gather information on the journalist . "  We know that it 's a difficult region , " said Nahida Nakad , editorial director of Audiovisuel Exterieur de la France , of which France 24 is a part , the television network reported . "  Of course we are very worried , but we have every confidence in Romeo who knows the territory very well and is an experienced journalist . We hope that he is safe and sound , and we are in constant contact with his family . " A FARC-sympathetic news agency that often publishes official statements from the group blamed the incident on the Colombian government . His disappearance "  is the responsibility of the government of Colombia for engaging in their ranks a foreign national as a correspondent of war , " said an editorial posted by the New Colombia News Agency . The soldiers had destroyed five laboratories , with a total capacity to produce two tons of cocaine per week , the Colombian defense ministry said . Pinzon on Friday condemned the rebel group for a separate incident , attacks in Caqueta that left three civilians dead , one of them a baby . He reported a major blow against the rebels in the northern part of the country . A special operation by the army and national police in Antioquia killed "  Brenda , " the second leader of the company in the area , he said . It also led to the capture of "  Richard , " or "  The Mechanic , " chief financial officer of the Alfonso Castellanos company of FARC in Arauca . The rebel group has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s , and uses kidnapping forces and civilians as a key strategy . While severely weakened in recent years , it continues to carry out kidnappings and attacks on security forces . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	French journalist Romeo Langlois is missing He works for France 24 , which reports he is being held prisoner Kidnapping government forces and civilians is a key strategy of the FARC
CNN  Kim Bok-dong is 89 now , and is going blind and deaf . She knows her health is fading , and she can no longer walk unassisted . But her eyes burn bright with a passion borne of redressing her suffering of a lifetime ago . She enters a meeting of Tokyo foreign correspondents in a wheelchair , visibly exhausted after a flight from Seoul and days of interviews and meetings . The nightmares from five years as a sex slave of the Japanese army , from 1940 onwards , are still crystal clear . Kim is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen , until she 's no longer physically able . "  My only wish is to set the record straight about the past . Before I die , " Kim says . Kim was a 14-year-old girl when the Japanese came to her village in Korea . She says they told her she had no choice but to leave her home and family to support the war effort by working at a sewing factory . "  There was no option not to go , " she recalls . "  If we did n't go , we 'd be considered traitors , " Instead of going to a sewing factory , Kim says she ended up in Japanese military brothels in half a dozen countries . Along with about 30 other women , she says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl -- no woman -- should ever have to do . Kim describes seemingly endless days of soldiers lined up outside the brothel , called a "  comfort station . " Often they were so close to the front lines , they could hear the battles of World War Two happening all around them . "  Our job was to revitalize the soldiers , " she says . "  On Saturdays , they would start lining up at noon . And it would last until 8pm . There was always a long line of soldiers . On Sunday it was 8 a.m to 5 p.m. Again , a long line . I did n't have the chance to count how many . " Kim estimates each Japanese soldier took around three minutes . They usually kept their boots and leg wraps on , hurriedly finishing so the next solider could have his turn . Kim says it was dehumanizing , exhausting , and often excruciating . "  When it was over , I could n't even get up . It went on for such a long time . By the time the sun went down , I could n't use my lower body at all . After the first year , we were just like machines , " she says . Kim believes the years of physical abuse took a permanent toll on her body . Tears stream down her cheeks as she explains how she was never able to fulfill her dream of having children . "  When I started , the Japanese military would often beat me because I was n't submissive , " Kim says . "  There are no words to describe my suffering . Even now . I ca n't live without medicine . I 'm always in pain . " Kim is part of an NGO called the "  Korean Council for the Women Drafted for Military Sexual Slavery by Japan , " which is fighting for an apology . Some Japanese prime ministers have personally apologized in the past , but the NGO director believes that it 's not nearly enough . Tokyo maintains its legal liability for the wrongdoing was cleared by a bilateral claims treaty signed in 1965 between South Korea and Japan . Kim 's story matches testimony from other so-called "  comfort women . " In Washington , as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe conducts a state visit to the United States , former Korean sex slave Lee Yong-soo makes a tearful plea to him , demanding an official apology for Japan 's sexual enslavement of an estimated 200,000 comfort women , mostly Korean and Chinese . Many have since passed away , but those still alive want individual compensation for their treatment . Critics say Abe has not been vocal enough . They fear his government is trying to whitewash the past , to appease conservatives who feel comfort women were paid prostitutes , not victims of official military policy . "  When it comes to the comfort women sex slave system , it is pretty much unique to Japan . I think Nazi Germany had some of it to a smaller degree . But in the Japanese case it was large scale , and state-sponsored , essentially , " says Koichi Nakano , a professor of political science at Tokyo 's Sophia University . Nakano points out that , since Abe first came to office his government has succeeded in removing references to "  comfort women " from many Japanese school textbooks . It 's part of what critics call Japan 's track record of glossing over its war crimes . "  Comfort women  have gone through tremendous trauma . And in a way , the Japanese government risks a second rape by discrediting their testimonies and treating  their experiences  as if they were lies , " Nakano says . Abe insists he and other Prime Ministers have made repeated apologies . "  I am deeply pained to think of the comfort women who experienced immeasurable pain and suffering , " Abe told diet lawmakers last year . Abe gave a similarly worded statement during a press conference Tuesday in Washington , DC -- leading critics to question the sincerity of Abe 's expressions of remorse over the issue . Abe has said he does not believe women were coerced to work in the military brothels . Nakano says Abe and conservative lawmakers feel "  singled out . " "  They feel there 's some sort of a plot by other Asian countries to sully the Japanese name to their advantage . " With Abe 's historic visit to the U.S. just months before the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two , Kim wants President Obama to pressure his key Asian ally to do more to acknowledge history . Meanwhile , Kim has had enough of the excuses she says are hampering her efforts to finally get peace . "  To say there 's no evidence is absurd . I am the evidence , " she says .	Kim Bok-dong is determined to share her story of sexual slavery until she 's no longer physically able Kim was held prisoner by the Japanese military in a "  comfort station " for five years , raped ceaselessly She says she wo n't rest until she receives a formal apology from the Japanese government
CNN  Six heavily armed inmates who held their warden and a guard hostage at a prison in Taiwan have committed suicide after a dramatic 14-hour siege . The prisoners had broken into the prison 's armory and seized a number of weapons , including rifles , handguns and more than 200 bullets , Justice Minister Lou Ying-shay told reporters Thursday . Warden Chen Shih-chih and the head of prison guards , Wang Shih-tsang , were found safe , according to the island 's justice ministry . Officials said the six men turned their guns on themselves . The incident at the prison in the southern city of Kaohsiung unfolded at around 4 p.m. local time on Wednesday when the men grabbed a guard and member of the prison staff , the justice ministry told CNN . The six inmates all worked in the sewing factory and would have had access to scissors , the ministry said . The inmates pretended to be sick and went to the prison infirmary . While there , they grabbed the keys from prison staff but were unable to break out of the prison . They smashed their way into a room storing the prison 's weapons instead . The facility 's deputy warden , Lai Chen-jung , and head of guards , Wang , then offered themselves as hostages in exchange for the two held captive . The inmates then allowed Warden Chen to take the place of his deputy . The inmates , who were serving a range of sentences for crimes including murder , complained about their sentences , mistreatment at the jail , and the recent release of former President Chen Shui-bian on medical grounds , according to Taiwanese media reports . He was serving a 20-year sentence for corruption . One of the hostage takers , identified by Taiwanese media as Cheng Li-te , a member of a notorious criminal gang , issued a statement at around 11 p.m. , which was read on Taiwanese television by Wu Hsien-chang , head of the Taiwan 's Corrections Agency . In it , Cheng pleaded his innocence . "  I did n't kill anyone but I have to serve 18 years in prison . I 'm not the only innocent inmate here . Who can speak out for us ? " He then complained that their monthly allowance of NT$ 200  around US$ 6  was not even enough to buy underwear , and that prison inmates were denied the same chance of medical parole as former President Chen . The inmates demanded safe exit by car via a side door of the prison . The prison itself was locked down and surrounded by armed police , according to Taiwanese media , while relatives of the inmates were brought in to to assist with negotiations to secure the release of the hostages . Early on Thursday morning Deputy Justice Minister Chen Ming-tang reported that the hostages had been freed but that the six inmates had shot themselves . Warden Chen described how the inmates treated the hostages well , and seemed in good spirits throughout the siege -- even toasting each other before shooting themselves . He said Cheng and one of the other prisoners made sure their co-conspirators were dead before they shot themselves in the head . Chen Chun-hsiu , a senior prosecutor with the Kaohsiung District Prosecutors ' Office , told reporters at a press conference Thursday that he spoke to Cheng during the standoff , and was told that he planned to end his own life . He added that he did not seem mentally stable . He said Cheng and the other inmates decided to take hostages to break out of the prison because they feared spending the rest of their lives incarcerated otherwise . Journalist Annie Liao in Taiwan contributed to this report .	Six inmates take two hostages , break into weapons cache at Taiwan prison Hostages freed , inmates commit suicide after 14-hour standoff The man , some convicted murders , complained of mistreatment
CNN  -- Her powerful voice resonates through the music hall , delivering an unlikely message of hope . All eight Liyana band members met at the King George VI school for disabled children in Bulawayo , Zimbabwe . The Afro-fusion melody comes from an unlikely source -- the small , wheelchair-ridden body of Prudence Mabhena , a woman from Zimbabwe who has overcome her physical disabilities and the hurdles of daily life in her home country . "  Some people do n't even get you and take you as a person , " Mabhena said . "  And with us singing right now , we 're not giving up -- we 're pushing up . " Mabhena is the lead singer of Liyana , a group of eight musicians who are all physically disabled and from Zimbabwe . Their message of hope has been drowned out in their home country , which is suffering from an economic collapse , a cholera outbreak , and a political power struggle that has erupted into violence . Watch the band performing " Mabhena was born with arthrogryphosis , a muscle and joint disorder , and had to have parts of her arms and legs amputated as a result . She said her mother was told to kill her rather than have her face life as a physically disabled woman in Zimbabwe . Zimbabwe was once a center for disability rights after it gained independence in 1980 , according to recent report on Public Radio International . It was one of the first countries to recognize the rights of the disabled , who are sometimes shunned by communities in rural Africa who fear they are touched by witchcraft . But the gains for the disabled in Zimbabwe have been erased by the country 's current crisis , according to Dr. Raymond Lang of the London-based Cheshire Center for Conflict Recovery who spoke to PRI 's Lonny Shavelson . Mabhena said the group is apprehensive about returning to Zimbabwe after its U.S. tour , which wrapped up this month . But none of the members of Liyana dwell on the despair . " ` Never give up ' -- it 's one of our biggest and strongest mottos , " said singer Tapiwa Nyenger , explaining one of the band 's song titles . "  We have the capability to go on stage and at the end of the day make people smile . It 's a good feeling . " All eight band members , who are between the ages of 17 and 23 , met at the King George VI school for disabled children in Bulawayo , Zimbabwe . The band describes their music as a fusion between "  myriad geographic , cultural , and musical genres including gospel , reggae , and traditional Zimbabwean Shona music . " Liyana means "  rain " -- a Shona term for good luck . "  Music makes you think of something positive , " Nyenger said . "  For me , music is rehabilitation . " Mabhena has said her voice is a gift from god . They had long dreamed of performing in the United States , and their multi-city tour included more than 20 performances in California and the New York metro area , including the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark . "  We have been received in an overwhelming , heart-filling way , " Nyenger said . "  Everywhere we go , every place we go , we -LSB- see -RSB- new things , we meet new people , we learn new stuff . " The band 's U.S. tour coincided with President Barack Obama 's inauguration , which has also been a source of inspiration for a new song , "  Obama . " "  When we heard Obama was going to be the American president , the first black American president , we were so excited , " Mabhena said . "  Through that joy that we had , there came a song . " Liyana is also the subject of a new documentary , iTemba -- My Hope -- which is scheduled to be released worldwide later this year . The band 's singers perform in seven languages -- Shona , Ndebele , English , Dutch , German , Hebrew , and Spanish -- allowing them to reach a wider audience . "  We want to leave a message to everyone in the world that no matter what circumstance you are in , you can make it , " singer Marvelous Meulo said .	Liyana are a group of eight physically disabled musicians from Zimbabwe Their multi-city tour of the U.S. has included more than 20 performances The message of their songs is you can make it , whatever the circumstances Their message of hope has been drowned out in Zimbabwe , which is in crisis
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday ordered executive-branch agencies to extend to employees ' same-sex partners the same benefits provided to their opposite-sex partners , to the extent allowed by law . The move followed up on Obama 's memorandum last year that extended some benefits to same-sex partners of government workers and ordered federal agencies to review additional benefits that also could be available under existing laws . "  That process has now concluded , and I am proud to announce that earlier today , I signed a memorandum that requires executive agencies to take immediate action to extend to the same-sex domestic partners of federal employees a number of meaningful benefits , from family assistance services to hardship transfers to relocation expenses , " Obama said in a statement . Since taking office in January 2009 , Obama has called for the repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that bans openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military service . Under criticism from gay rights activists for a lack of progress on the issue , congressional Democrats pushed for legislative action that led to a recent compromise with the White House and the Pentagon on a conditional repeal once the military completes a review on how to implement the change . The compromise language has passed the House and the Senate Armed Services Committee , with a full Senate vote expected in coming weeks . The president also has urged Congress to pass the Domestic Partners Benefit and Obligations Act , which would extend family benefits now available to heterosexual federal workers to gay and lesbian federal workers as well .	Obama orders government agencies to extend more benefits to same-sex partners of federal workers Family assistance services , relocation expenses among the expanded benefits President also supports repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy banning openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military Compromise plan for the conditional repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " has passed the House , is expected to face Senate vote soon
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China 's top legislature approved resolutions to officially amend its controversial one-child policy and end re-education through labor camps . The Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress passed the resolutions Saturday , according to the Chinese state-run Xinhua news agency . The resolution is equal to a legal document in China . The changes to the one-child policy , first announced last month , will mean couples will be allowed to have two children if one of the parents was an only child , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . Currently , both parents must be sole children to be eligible for a second child . The one-child policy , which started in the 1970s , is believed to have prevented some 400 million births , according to Xinhua . Although the policy has been applauded by many for slowing down China 's rapid population growth , it has also been widely criticized for resulting in forced abortions and hefty fines for families . Some critics say the law hurts China 's elderly , who typically rely on their children for support in old age , and even constrains economic growth as the working-age population begins to decline . Since the 1990s , the birth rate has declined , with Chinese women giving birth to an average of 1.4 to 1.6 children . Officials say the easing of the one-child policy does not mean China is ending its family planning . "  China still has a large population . This has not changed . Many of our economic and social problems are rooted in this reality , " said Jiang Fan , an National People 's Congress deputy and member of the NPC Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee , in Chinese media . "  We can not risk the population growing out of control . " The easing of the one-child policy is expected to go into effect in some regions in the first quarter of 2014 , according to Xinhua . Re-education camps abolished China had hinted as early as January that it would terminate the controversial re-education through labor camps . The notorious camps date back to the 1950s when the new Communist regime sought to silence its enemies to consolidate its power . Critics say the camps , which fall outside of the formal prison system , are often misused to persecute government dissidents , including intellectuals , human rights activists and followers of banned spiritual groups like the Falun Gong . China 's forced labor camps : One woman 's fight for justice The abolition of labor camps called "  laojiao " goes into effect Saturday . Xinhua reported that the people still serving in re-education through labor camps will be set free . Human rights organizations say the changes to the labor camps may just be cosmetic . Amnesty International told CNN earlier this month that the labor camps are being replaced by other types of facilities such as "  legal education camps " or renamed as drug rehabilitation camps . Amnesty : Rights abuses continue despite camp closures CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	China 's top legislature approves changes to one-child policy Couples will be allowed to have two children if one of the parents was an only child The National People 's Congress also abolishes re-education through labor camps
CNN  -- Colorado authorities on Thursday arrested a man wanted in connection with the March shooting death of state prison chief Tom Clements . Thomas Guolee -- referred to as a "  person of interest in the Tom Clements murder investigation " -- was taken into custody "  on an active felony arrest warrant by local authorities in Colorado Springs " around 5:30 p.m.  7:30 p.m. ET  , the El Paso , Colorado , County Sheriff 's Office said . Two hours later , he was being held on "  a no bond hold for violation of parole " at the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office Criminal Justice Center . Law enforcement authorities in El Paso County and Colorado Springs did not immediately respond to requests Thursday night from CNN for more information , including on how Guolee was arrested and what the arrest warrant was for . A search of the Colorado Department of Corrections ' website indicated that Guolee is 31 and had been on parole . Authorities have said they suspect Evan Ebel shot Clements outside his Colorado home . Ebel died two days later in a shootout with authorities in Texas . Another man , James Lohr , was arrested in the same case earlier this month , also in Colorado Springs . He and Guolee were both associated with Ebel in the days before Clements ' death , a source close to the investigation said . Police have described Lohr and Guolee as associates of the white supremacist 211 Crew gang , a group that included Ebel . Investigators have said they were looking into whether Ebel might have conspired with other inmates to kill Clements . Clements was widely recognized for cracking down on prison gangs , including the 211 Crew . Ebel -- who had been convicted for an armed robbery and punching a prison guard -- was released early on parole because of a clerical error . He also is suspected in the killing of part-time pizza deliveryman Nathan Leon shortly before Clements was shot dead .	Thomas Guolee , 31 , is taken into custody in Colorado Springs , a sheriff 's office says A source had said he was an associate of the white supremacist 211 Crew gang Evan Ebel , who authorities suspect killed Colorado 's prison chief , was in that gang Guolee is being held on no bond for allegedly violating his parole
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A video released by an Israeli human rights organization shows what the group describes as a 9-year-old Palestinian boy being assaulted by two border police officers in the West Bank city of Hebron . The footage , released by B'tselem , the Israeli Information Center for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories , shows the boy walking on pavement outside a building when a uniformed police officer runs up to him and grabs him by an arm , causing him to lose his balance and pulling him along the ground for a few feet . The police officer , who is holding a rifle in one hand , asks the boy , "  Why are you making trouble ? " according to B'tselem . Seconds later , a second police officer , also carrying a rifle , walks up to the boy , kicks him , turns around and walks off without speaking . At that , the first policeman releases the boy , who runs out of the frame . In response to the video , Israeli border police issued a statement saying , "  The Border Police denounces the policemen 's behaviour , which contrasts the values of the force . It is important to note that this is a rare incident which does not represent the actions of the Border Police in Israel . The Border Police commander instructed on setting up a team to investigate the incident immediately and its conclusions are due in the coming days . " B'tselem says on its website that the video was shot by a volunteer in B'tselem 's camera distribution project from inside his home near the Tomb of the Patriarchs . It says he began to shoot the video when he saw the officer hiding behind a wall . The boy was identified by his father , Amer Burqan , as Abdel-Rahman Burqan . It was a "  very sad and disgusting attack , " the elder Burqan told CNN . "  You do n't expect such unethical behavior from an officer who considers himself to be providing security and law and order . " "  This is animalistic and vicious behavior , " he said about the video , two minutes of which were posted on youtube.com . The posting says the video was shot June 29 . An investigation should be opened into the incident , said Sarit Michaeli , a spokeswoman for B'tselem . "  From the video evidence and from evidence collected from the child , it 's obvious the border police officer was basically waiting for him and grabbed him and another border police officer came and kicked the child , " she said . "  The child denies attacking or harassing the border police officer . Regardless , this is irrelevant as far as B'tsalem is concerned , because this kind of behavior is absolutely prohibited regardless of the circumstance . " She continued , "  This kind of violence by border police officers , by official members of the Israeli security forces is outrageous and not allowed . B'tsalem is going to complain with the department of police investigations in the Ministry of Justice , which is a relevant government investigative body of allegations against the border police . " Michaeli said the boy had been treated similarly before . "  A month ago he was attacked by border police officers on his way back from school , " she said . The incident occurred a few days after a team of human rights lawyers published a report funded by the British government that accuses Israel of violating international law in its treatment of Palestinian child detainees . It was written after a week-long visit last September by the delegation to Israel and the West Bank . The report accuses Israel of treating Palestinian and Israeli children differently -- Israelis must be at least 14 before they can be sent to jail ; Palestinians must be 12 . Israeli children generally have a legal right to have their parents present during questioning ; Palestinians do not , it says . An Israeli child can be held no more than two days without being granted access to a lawyer ; a Palestinian child can be held 90 days , it says . "  It may be that much of the reluctance to treat Palestinian children in conformity with international norms stems from a belief , which was advanced to us by a military prosecutor , that every Palestinian child is a ` potential terrorist , ' the report says . "  Such a stance seems to us to be the starting point of a spiral of injustice , and one which only Israel , as the Occupying Power in the West Bank , can reverse . " The Israel Defense Forces did not immediately respond to a request for comment . But Mark Regev , the spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , told "  The Age " newspaper of Melbourne , Australia , that Israel was studying the report 's proposals . "  The report acknowledges that Israel has made improvements and they have praised us for that , " Regev said . "  You have countless acts of violence , including deadly violence , perpetrated by minors -- Israel is acting because of a vacuum created by a lack of action from the Palestinian leadership and by the exploitation of minors by the extremist groups . "	Video : "  Why are you making trouble ? " border officer asks wailing boy Second border officer kicks the child , turns around and walks off The Israeli border police denounce the incident "  This is a rare incident which does not represent the actions of the Border Police in Israel , " they say
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japanese volcano was erupting for a second day on Thursday , spewing smoke and ash up to 9,800 feet  3,000 meters  into the air , officials said . The smoke from the Mt. Shinmoe volcano , on the boundary between Miyazaki and Kagoshima prefectures , is rising and falling from the volcano crater , said the Kagoshima Meteorological Observatory . Some people in Miyazaki voluntarily evacuated Thursday morning , but all have returned home , and the government has issued no evacuation advice , according to the Miyazaki disaster prevention office . However , the alert level was raised Wednesday to 3 . That prevents people from entering the mountain area . The eruption began Wednesday . Smoke was drifting southeast , the observatory said . Ash was seen in Miyakonojo city in Kagoshima prefecture . The last Mt. Shinmoe eruption was in July . A large-scale eruption such as this one , however , was last observed about 52 years ago , the meteorological observatory said .	Mt. Shinmoe 's last eruption was in July Some residents evacuated voluntarily , but have returned
CNN  -- The judge in the retrial of deposed Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak recused himself Saturday , referred the trial to a lower court and then walked out of the courtroom . Other judicial officials left the bench with him . Egyptian state TV carried the announcement live . A crowd of people attending the trial erupted in angry shouts , and police stepped in between them and the judge 's bench . Mubarak , who had arrived on a stretcher at the country 's Police Academy in Cairo for the first day of his retrial , was loaded back onto a helicopter , which flew him back to a military hospital . Judge Mustafa Hassan Abdullah quit the case over a medical condition , Mubarak 's lawyer Farid El Deeb told CNN . Abdullah "  submitted a medical report to the head of Cairo Cassation Court stating that he has medical problems with his eyes , " El Deeb said . Egyptian law requires a judge to recuse himself publicly . A lawyer for the families of those killed said he believed the judge held a legal bias in the case but also corroborated the medical reason for the judge 's move . "  There was also news that he had medical issues related to his eyes , " Khaled Abu Bakr said . Bakr and El Deeb told CNN that the court of appeals has 60 days to appoint a replacement judge . Mubarak will remain in custody at a hospital , El Deeb said . Mubarak faces charges related to the killing of peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring uprising that led to his ouster in February 2011 . Protesters Dozens of relatives of those killed in Egypt 's demonstrations gathered outside the court , state-run Nile TV reported . They were joined by hundreds of pro-Mubarak activists carrying signs of support . Galal Faisal Ali , whose brother Naser was killed in the uprising , said he fears Mubarak will be found innocent . "  The government is not giving us the moral support we need and they 're allowing this circus of a trial to continue . We were hoping for a death sentence but the way it 's going , we may see Mubarak free , and his sons free , which means my brother died for nothing , " he said . Magdi Fouda , the main organizer of the pro-Mubarak protest , is a member of a group called "  We are sorry , Mr. President . " She was joined by a second group called "  Sons of Mubarak . " "  We are sure Mubarak will be pronounced innocent , " she said . State security forces formed a barrier between the opposing protesters . Emotions ran high at Mubarak 's original trial in 2012 , resulting in scuffles between the two sides inside the courtroom and rioting outside . The accusations Mubarak 's two sons , six of his security aides and his former interior minister Habib al-Adly all face trial with him . The other defendants had also appeared at the criminal court located inside the academy , state TV reported . In addition to the alleged killings , all face charges of financial corruption and abuse of power . Mubarak and al-Adly were both found guilty in the original trial and sentenced to life in prison , but they entered an appeal , which the court accepted . It resulted in the retrial . Prosecutors have added an additional corruption charge that was not part of the original trial . Mubarak is accused of selling natural gas to neighboring Israel for prices below fair market value . A judge ordered Mubarak held in custody for an additional 15 days . Morsy pleased about second trial Essam El-Erian , a senior adviser to Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , said in January that the government looked forward to a second trial . "  God willed the retrial would take place under Morsy 's rule , with new evidence and new defendants , " El-Erian said . Mubarak , who ruled Egypt for 30 years with the help of the military , was found guilty in June 2012 of ordering the killing of protesters and was immediately transferred to Tora prison in Cairo to serve his life sentence . The 84-year-old has suffered a range of physical problems since he was driven from office in February 2011 , following weeks of protests by Egyptians demanding more freedom and reforms . In December , Mubarak was transferred to a military hospital after suffering a head injury and a bruised chest when he slipped in a prison hospital bathroom , Egyptian state-run media reported . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	NEW : Court has 60 days to pick a replacement for judge who stepped down The judge recuses himself due to a health issue with his eyes Pro-Mubarak protesters carry signs outside the court Mubarak faces charges related to the killing of peaceful protesters leading up to his ouster in 2011
London  CNN  -- It 's the time of year when hammers are poised at the world 's major auction houses and the strength of the art market for the coming year is tested . Following a trend set in the last few years , Impressionist and Modern works of art are likely to be the big sellers . "  Impressionist and Modern art has been very strong for a number of years , but it seems to be getting stronger and stronger , " said Deborah Allan , Head of the Impressionist & Modern Art Department at Bonhams auction house in London . "  It 's amazing really , even with the huge financial problems that have been happening worldwide , " she said . Bonhams clocked sales for works by Pierre-Auguste Renoir , Camille Pissarro , Amedeo Modigliani and Pablo Picasso at their Impressionist and Modern Sale Tuesday . The star lots included a Modigliani portrait of a woman and a Picasso painting of Notre Dame in Paris , which sold for # 1.3 million and $ 1.4 million  # 825,250 and # 864,450  respectively , both just shy of their $ 1.6 million upper estimates . On the same day , three works of art from the Elizabeth Taylor collection fetched a combined # 13.7 million  $ 21.7 m  at Christie 's auction house , more than doubling their pre-sale low estimate of # 6.2 million . An additional 35 works from the film star 's fine art collection will be offered for sale on 8 February as part of Christie 's continuing sales series devoted to Impressionist and Modern Art . Over at Sotheby 's auction house in London , auctioneers also anticipate a healthy sale Wednesday , with star lots in the form of paintings by Claude Monet and Austrian painter Gustav Klimt . Dating from 1901 , the painting by Klimt depicts the shore of a lake , bordered by birch trees , and is estimated to sell for between $ 9.5 million and $ 13 million  # 6 million and # 8 million  . It is particularly unique because it has been in the same family collection for over 100 years , said Helena Newman , Chairman of Sotheby 's Impressionist and Modern Art , Europe . See also : Leonardo : The man , the myth , the mystery "  The painting  has n't been seen in a public exhibition or appeared at auction and it 's rather exciting for the market place because that sort of thing only happens very rarely , " she said . Interest in the Viennese symbolist painter , perhaps best-known for his 1907 painting "  Adele Bloch-Bauer I " -- which sold in 2006 for a reported $ 135 million , at the time the highest sum ever paid for a painting -- has been steadily growing these last few years . A landscape painting by Klimt , which had been stolen by the Nazis and eventually returned to the heir of the original owner , sold at Sotheby 's in New York in November 2011 for $ 40.4 million . With 2012 marking the 150th anniversary of the artist 's birth , it is quite possible that the 1901 work "  Lakeshore with birches " will smash its upper estimate at Sotheby 's on Wednesday . Also included in the sale is a painting of a snowy landscape by Impressionist artist Claude Monet , which like the Klimt is entering the market after a long period -- nearly 100 years -- in a private collection . It is expected to sell for between $ 7 million and $ 10 million  # 4.5 million and # 6.5 million  . "  It 's from the mid-1880s , when Monet was at Giverny , " said Newman of Sotheby 's . "  There was an account of some snow falling and  Monet  immediately muffled himself up and went out and put his easel on the road in order to capture en plein air the extraordinary effect of the light , " she explained . Despite a rocky year in the financial markets , Newman believes that the range and depth of works in the sale at Sotheby 's reflects confidence in the market . See also : Picasso , Mondrian works stolen in Athens heist "  Sellers have recognized that there is a huge global demand for a whole range of collectors both established and relatively new who are looking to buy top quality material of Impressionist and Modern art , " she said . Allan at Bonhams echoed this , saying that the market for Impressionist and Modern art is particularly strong because as less great works with historical provenance come on the market , they become more and more expensive . "  I think also with the true globalization of buyers ,  the market is now  so international , and with the internet and internet bidding , it 's so easy to access our sales  and  it 's really changed the market , " she said . And paintings by Impressionists escape a recently implemented EU Artist 's Resale Right Directive , which applies to European artists who have died in the past 70 years as well as living European artists -- though Newman does n't believe the charge , which caps at a maximum of 12,500 Euros  $ 16,500  on a transaction , will deter buyers . "  The average lot value in our evening sale is # 1.5 million  $ 1.9 million  so in the grand scheme of things I do n't anticipate that it will have a measurable effect , " said Newman .	Impressionist and Modern auction sales kick off in London ; will test the strength of the global art market Popularity for Impressionist and Modern artworks still high , in spite of problems in the global financial markets Star lots of sales at Bonhams and Sotheby 's include paintings by Monet , Klimt , Modigliani and Picasso Prices stay high because of rarity of great works by Impressionist and Modern artists with historical provenance
CNN  -- The view from above southern Egypt is stunning , a contrast of beige desert valley giving way to green farmland , including fields of sugar cane . Tourists soak in the sight by hiring hot air balloons that have large baskets to carry passengers hundreds of feet above the countryside . Tuesday morning , as one of the balloons prepared to land , an explosion pierced the air , followed by a spreading billow of smoke . "  My first thought was that it was sugar cane that was burning , " said Christopher Michel , a photographer who was a passenger in another balloon at the time . Smoke from the burning sugar cane painted the ancient city of Luxor below with an eerie haziness . But the concern shown by the balloon pilot and the blaring sirens from emergency vehicles told Michel that something was wrong . He could not imagine the extent : One of the balloons had exploded , and its 21 passengers and operators plummeted about 1,000 feet  300 meters  to the ground . By Tuesday afternoon , the number of dead had climbed to 19 , making it the world 's deadliest hot air balloon accident in at least 20 years . "  This juxtaposition of this great beauty and this wonderful country and this horrible tragedy is just really shocking , " Michel told CNN . "  We all feel terrible . " It was an early , dark morning , Michel said , and uneventful for 45 minutes until they started to descend . He was overlooking mud-brick buildings and fields , with the Valley of the Kings in the distance , when the explosion shattered the quiet of the morning . It was a gas explosion , state-run EgyNews reported . Passengers in the balloon included 19 foreign tourists : nine from Hong Kong , four from Japan , three from Britain , two from France and one from Hungary , officials said . An Egyptian pilot and another Egyptian also were on board , Luxor province spokesman Badawi al-Masri said . Two people -- a Briton and the pilot -- are hospitalized . Balloon rides offering panoramic aerial views of the Nile River and the ancient temples of Karnak and Hatshepsut are a popular tourist attraction in Luxor , about a nine-hour drive southeast of Cairo . "  You can see Valley of the Kings in the background bordered by farmland , " Pauline Liang of Vancouver , Canada , told CNN 's iReport last year . "  Below were banana farms , and behind us was the city of Luxor . There was a great contrast between desert landscape , lush farmland and urban development . " Tuesday 's crash prompted Gov. Izzat Saad of Luxor province to ban all hot air balloon flights until further notice . Conflicting reports emerged about the company that operated the doomed balloon , Sky Cruise . The head of the country 's civil aviation authority said the company was licensed and working legally , EgyNews reported . The agency has begun an investigation of the incident , Mohammed Ibrahim Sharif said . According to Sharif , a fire broke out in the balloon while the workers were trying to land it , just feet from the ground . The balloon then shot upwards again , he said . The balloon 's basket was divided into four parts , he said , each holding five passengers . Meanwhile , Luxor 's chamber of tourism said the company had previous violations , EgyNews reported . Several balloon companies had terminated contracts with the local meteorological service after the Egyptian revolution , Tharwat Agami , chairman of the chamber of tourism , said . Sky Cruise and other companies were known to violate safety and security instructions by flying out of East Luxor , instead of the recommended West Luxor , he said . Comparing it to a previous hot air balloon experience in another country , Michel noted that there was no safety briefing before the Luxor balloons lifted off the ground , but added that he felt safe during the trip . From what he could tell , the doomed balloon was not overloaded , he said on his Twitter account . Luxor is among Egypt 's top tourist draws . Visitors go to see ancient temples and tombs , and travel sites often recommend the hot air balloon trips . The last hot air balloon accident in Luxor occurred in 2009 , when 16 foreign tourists were injured after a balloon struck a cell phone transmission tower . Until Tuesday 's incident , the deadliest accident in recent memory took place in 1989 , when 13 people were killed as two hot air balloons collided in Australia . Egyptian government spokesman Alaa Hadidi announced that the Cabinet will form a committee from the Ministry of Civil Aviation to investigate Tuesday 's accident , EgyNews said . CNN 's Housam Ahmed and Hamdi Alkhshali , along with journalist Adam Makary in Cairo , contributed to this report .	NEW : Conflicting reports emerge over company 's safety record A British passenger and the pilot are hospitalized The balloon carried tourists from the UK , Hong Kong , Japan , France and Hungary A gas explosion caused the balloon to fall about 300 meters  almost 1,000 feet
CNN  -- A Saudi man has lost more than 700 pounds  320 kilograms  -- more than half his body weight -- since Saudi Arabia 's King ordered him hospitalized in August , according to a Saudi magazine that interviewed him at a hospital . In August , King Abdullah ordered Khalid bin Mohsen Shaari , who then weighed 1,345 pounds  610 kilograms  , to undergo treatment in the capital , Riyadh . Shaari , estimated to be in his late teens , was unable to move by himself and was transferred from Jazan in southern Saudi Arabia . Dr. Aa'ed al-Qahtani , head of the medical team overseeing Shaari 's treatment , told Sayidaty magazine in a recent interview that Shaari 's health is continuing to improve at a steady rate . He has improved heart and lung function , reduced inflammation and improved muscle strength , including the ability to move his feet , he said . A massive custom-made wheelchair was built to help Shaari become more mobile and aid his physical therapy , al-Qahtani said . Shaari still can not move on his own and needs to use a mechanized pulley to sit on the chair . Before being taken out of his house on a forklift , Shaari had not left his bed for three years , the magazine said . In photos published in the magazine , which has launched an obesity awareness campaign , Shaari is shown smiling and holding up a victory sign . Doctors say his spirits have constantly remained high . Dr. Abdeljabbar al-Yamani , the managing director of King Fahd Medical City , has dubbed him "  the smiling man . " His mother has stayed with him since he was admitted .	In August , King Abdullah ordered Khalid bin Mohsen Shaari to be treated in Riyadh , the capital He then weighed 1,345 pounds and had not left his bed for three years , magazine says Heart and lungs are better , and he has less inflammation and stronger muscles , doctor says Shaari still ca n't move on his own and uses a mechanized pulley to sit on a big wheelchair
CNN  -- An American from Alabama wanted for aiding Somalia-based terrorists was added to the FBI 's "  most wanted terrorists " list Wednesday . Omar Shafik Hammami , 28 , was indicted in Alabama five years ago for traveling to Somalia to assist al-Shabaab , which the U.S. has designated a foreign terrorist organization . Hammani , a U.S. citizen , is believed to be in Somalia now and should be considered armed and dangerous , the FBI said . The FBI also added Raddulan Sahiron , a Filipino wanted for his alleged involvement in the kidnapping of an American in the Philippines in 1993 , to the "  most wanted terrorists " list . Sahiron allegedly worked with Al Harakat al Islamiyyah , also known as the Abu Sayyaf group , to kidnap an American from his home in the Philippines on November 14 , 1993 , the FBI said . The hostage was taken to the terrorists ' jungle camp on the southern Philippine island of Jolo until he was freed 23 days later , the agency said . Sahiron became the overall leader of Abu Sayyaf in 2005 and is believed to be in the area of Patikul Jolo , Sulu , Philippines , the "  most wanted " poster said . The United States is offering a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to the arrest of Sahiron . The FBI also added a name to its "  Seeking Information -- Terrorism " list , which includes people sought in connection with designated terrorist organizations or possible terrorist activity against the United States . The newest addition is Shaykh Aminullah , a 50-year-old believed to be in Pakistan . "  As of early 2008 , Shaykh Aminullah was allegedly providing assistance , including funding and recruits , to the al Qaeda network , " the FBI said . "  He was reported to have provided funding and other resources to the Taliban , including explosive vests and other resources and facilitated the activities of anti-coalition militants operating in Afghanistan by raising money in support of terrorist activities . " There are now six people on the FBI 's "  Seeking Information -- Terrorism " list , which was established for individuals not under indictment in the United States . "  This list complements the FBI 's ` Most Wanted Terrorists ' list of individuals indicted in the United States for their alleged involvement in various terrorist attacks or planned attacks around the world against United States interests or persons , " the FBI said . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Omar Shafik Hammami was indicted in Alabama for assisting a Somalia terror group Hammami , 28 , is from Alabama , but believed to be in Somalia now , the FBI says The FBI also added Raddulan Sahiron , a Filipino wanted for kidnapping an American in 1993 The FBI offers a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to Sahiron 's arrest
CNN  -- Fabio Cannavaro is to join the Italian national squad on Sunday for their World Cup qualifier against Cyprus next week , despite being under the cloud of a drug test controversy . Fabioo Cannavaro 's proudest moment came in 2006 when he led Italy to World Cup glory . It was revealed on Thursday that the 36-year-old Juventus defender recently failed a drug test after taking a medicine that contained the banned substance cortisone . Cannavaro was interviewed by the Italian Olympic Committee 's  CONI  anti-doping prosecutor Ettore Torri on Thursday night in Turin but national coach Marcello Lippi does not expect his star to be absent from the squad . "  I have not spoken to Cannavaro , " Lippi told reporters . "  Will he be here with us on Sunday ? Of course he will . "  I have not spoken to Cannavaro , " added national team doctor Enrico Castellacci . "  But he is calm and serene . This is just a bureaucratic case . " Juventus claimed the defender needed cortisone treatment for an insect sting in August . The player requested an exemption from taking drugs tests on the grounds of having taken a medication in an emergency situation but his request did not include a document necessary to complete the application . While awaiting a decision , Cannavaro took an anti-doping test after a Serie A game at Roma which returned a positive result . "  When he came to the national team , after the Roma game , he told us what had happened and he told us that without the medicine that contained cortisone he would have had a reaction , an anaphylactic shock , " Castellacci said . "  We asked Juventus for all the necessary documents regarding the medicine taken by Cannavaro and all the communication is in our possession . " Cannavaro will not travel to Dublin for Saturday 's World Cup qualifier against Ireland as he serves a one-match ban , but is expected to lead the Azzurri in Wednesday 's qualifier against Cyprus in Parma .	Fabio Cannavaro is to join the Italian national squad on Sunday to face Cyprus Cannavaro tested positive for cortisone after having treatment for an insect bite The 36-year-old Juve defender has an allergy to insect bites which can be fatal Defender was interviewed by Italian Olympic Committee anti-doping prosecutor
CNN Student News  -- May 2 , 2014 Covered this Friday : Malaysia 's government releases a preliminary report on a missing plane , and Nigerians search for the kidnappers of hundreds of girls . In the U.S. , a former president joins American veterans on the mountain bike trail , and a Maryland educator receives one of the highest honors in his field . We also cover an act of kindness that made prom night more special for two teenage couples . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What message does it send when a president or other high-profile leader honors individuals for their contributions to society ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What current pope presided over this week 's canonization ceremony for two previous popes ? 2 . What is one kind of college savings account that has tax advantages over regular savings accounts ? 3 . What is the nickname of a large area of the central United States that is most vulnerable to violent storms ? 4 . What term describes the rivalry between the U.S. and the Soviet Union that lasted from World War II until 1991 ? 5 . What award is Sean McComb , a 30-year-old educator from Maryland , the 62nd person to receive ? 6 . What city is scheduled to host the 2016 Summer Olympics ? 7 . What Middle Eastern country held its first nationwide elections since U.S. troops left in 2011 ? 8 . What deadly coronavirus has sickened hundreds of people primarily in the Middle East ? 9 . What former U.S. president is on a 62-mile mountain bike ride with military veterans ? 10 . What country 's prime minister resigned after taking responsibility for his government 's response to a tragic ferry sinking ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
New York  CNN  -- As the Occupy Wall Street movement grew and touched even more U.S. cities Saturday , the mayor of the city where it began blasted many involved and claimed they were targeting the nation 's financial sector and "  trying to destroy the jobs of working people " in New York City . The protest effort continued into its 22nd day in New York on Saturday . Yet its spread well beyond that city , with its anti-corporation , anti-government message echoing in many places this weekend -- from Cleveland to Las Vegas , from Washington to Prescott , Arizona . Open Story : See iReports from the protests . Yet this growing fervor has been met , in some cases , by vocal commentary . That includes New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who in a WOR radio appearance Friday said that city 's labor unions -- many of whom swelled demonstrator ranks earlier this week -- depend on salaries that "  come from the taxes paid by the people they 're trying to vilify . " The mayor did describe the city 's unemployment rate as "  unacceptably high , " and acknowledged that "  a lot of people are disaffected . " "  Some are legit , some are n't , " Bloomberg said , describing the concerns of the demonstrators in Lower Manhattan . His comments coincided with the city 's announcement that 700 education workers will be laid off in an effort to close a budget gap . They also follow recently released census data that shows New York 's poverty level has increased to 20.1 % , the highest in more than a decade . The remarks drew criticism from Tyler Combelic , a spokesman for Occupy Wall Street , who claimed Bloomberg "  has n't really represented all of New Yorkers . " "  The fact is there are thousands and thousands of us out on the streets , and he 's not really recognizing that we 're a movement , " Combelic told CNN on Saturday . "  We should be heard by New York politicians . " On Saturday , New York protesters set up a second base at Washington Square Park . The park in Greenwich Village is about two miles north of Zuccotti Park , a private park that 's been considered the main rallying point for the largely leaderless movement in the city . A rally was held in Washington Square , followed by a now-customary people 's assembly to discuss the movement and an art show Saturday evening . Demonstrators wo n't stay overnight at Washington Square Park , unlike Zuccotti , because it is a municipal park with a midnight curfew . As of 9 p.m. , the New York Police Department did not report any related arrests . The ambiguously defined movement against corporate greed and other social ills has spread to more than a dozen cities , spurred lately by support from unions and other groups . "  Social and economic inequalities are the tipping point , and people are hungry for getting involved and trying to do something to change it , " Jim Nichols , who has been involved in Occupy Atlanta protests , told CNN on Saturday . "  It 's almost like , I want the American dream back . " Even before Bloomberg 's comments Saturday , the effort was stirring a growing number of strong reactions from public figures . President Barack Obama , even as he defended the need for a vibrant financial sector , acknowledged that the protesters "  are giving voice to a more broad-based frustration about how our financial system works . " The No. 2 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives , Eric Cantor , meanwhile , slammed what he called the "  growing mobs " who he claimed were "  pitting ... Americans against Americans . " On Saturday , U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel backed the demonstrators -- whom he has been visiting regularly over the past three weeks -- for venting their frustrations and exercising their constitutional rights . "  Their dreams are being shattered , " Rangel told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  They may be an inconvenience to a whole lot of people in that area , but people are going to sleep at night with an economic nightmare . " The New York Democrat urged "  more spiritual leaders " to join a movement he claimed championed the poor and disadvantaged , saying "  there 's no moral reason why they have to wait for something to catch on . " He also dismissed criticism that the demonstrators do n't have a coherent purpose , saying despite their varied issues and lack of organization , their sentiments are raw and real . "  They do n't have to know what the solution is , " he said . "  There 's one thing they know is  there 's  something wrong when so many people are out of work , and we find the disparity with the very rich . ... Something is wrong . " Combelic , the New York spokesman , said the movement chiefly is trying to showcase "  active democracy and  show that  everyone has a voice in government . " He said the protests -- which have been associated with progressive causes -- are "  a rebuke of government , that includes the left and the right . " "  We 're trying to broaden the discussion base . ... We 're trying to represent 99 % of the country that 's felt disenfranchised over the past five years because of the recession , " Combelic said . "  Politicians  have not come together , they 've not compromised on anything , and there 's a reason why there 's  low  congressional approval in this country . " The demonstrations have been largely peaceful . But in New York , some have been marred by scuffles with police . Last Saturday , police made hundreds of arrests as demonstrators marched without a permit toward the Brooklyn Bridge , blocking city traffic for hours . A week earlier , authorities detained dozens of protesters as they marched , also without a permit , through Manhattan 's financial district toward Union Square . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : The NYPD reports no protest-related arrests on Saturday New York 's mayor says some protester concerns "  are legit , some are n't " Bloomberg says protests that target banks are also targeting critical tax revenue A protest spokesman says Bloomberg "  has n't represented all of New Yorkers "
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- India 's financial capital of Mumbai was put on a high-tide alert with officials expecting a water rise of up to 197 inches  5 meters  . High tides lash the coast near the Gateway of India in Mumbai on Thursday . Sea tides are expected to rise 5 meters Friday , 4.9 meters Saturday and 4.7 meters Sunday , according to a bulletin by the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai . "  We have installed water pumps along the coast and advise the people to avoid beaches , " said Jagtab , an official at the disaster management control room . Floodgates may also be closed in case the threat mounts , he added . High tides are also forecast from August 19 to 23 . At least 467 people have died in floods in India from this season 's monsoon rains , federal authorities said in their latest report . Flooding has affected about 1.7 million people in parts of India , according to the disaster management division of the federal home ministry . The country 's main weather office has warned of heavy rains in western and central parts of India .	India 's financial capital of Mumbai put on a high-tide alert Officials expect a water rise of up to 197 inches  5 meters Sea tides expected to rise 5 meters Friday , 4.9 meters Saturday , 4.7 meters Sunday High tides also forecast from August 19 to 23
CNN  -- As alumni and friends of Princeton University descended on the Ivy League institution to celebrate homecoming , the school 's board of trustees met over the weekend to consider whether to offer students emergency shots of a vaccine against meningitis after seven cases of the potentially fatal disease occurred on campus . The final decision , to be made in concert with medical staff and university administrators , is expected sometime this week , said Barbara Reynolds , a spokeswoman for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The sole meningococcal vaccine that targets meningitis group B , Bexsero , is made by Novartis . Though it was approved this year in Europe and Australia , it has not been approved for use in the United States . "  We have filed an Investigational New Drug application for our MenB vaccine in the U.S. , but have not yet come to an agreement on a pathway to licensure for this vaccine with regulatory authorities , " Novartis spokeswoman Elizabeth Power told CNN Saturday in an e-mail . Still , company officials have been coordinating with officials at Princeton , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the state Department of Public Health about getting a vaccine to the school in New Jersey , she said . The CDC says it is considered "  a safe vaccine . " Group B meningitis is a strain of the bacterial form of the disease that is rare in the United States . Symptoms can include stiff neck , headache , fever , vomiting , rashes , sensitivity to light and confusion . Untreated , the disease can lead to complications such as hearing impairment , brain damage , limb amputations and death . Antibiotic treatment of the most common types of bacterial meningitis "  should reduce the risk of dying from meningitis to below 15 % , although the risk remains higher among young infants and the elderly , " according to the CDC . Bacterial meningitis is an infection of the membranes that cover the brain and the spinal cord , known as the meninges . In the United States , about 4,100 cases of bacterial meningitis , including 500 deaths , occurred each year between 2003 and 2007 , the CDC says . What is meningitis ? "  Usually , when you see this kind of meningitis on the campus , it 's meningitis C , " said Dr. William Schaffner , professor of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University , in a telephone interview with CNN . "  This is very , very unusual . " Schaffner added that , in the United States , Group B meningitis typically strikes infants , and only rarely adolescents and young adults . Though the mechanism needed for health officials to administer an unapproved vaccine in the United States is "  very elaborate , " it would be justified in this case , he said . "  If I were around the table with the board of trustees , I would be gently encouraging them to do this . " Princeton 's first reported case developed in a student who had returned to the campus after spring recess in March , according to the state health department . Two months later , after several other students and one visitor had contracted the disease , an outbreak was declared . All have recovered except for the last case , a male student who remains hospitalized after being diagnosed on November 8 . No common link has been identified among the cases , New Jersey health officials said . CDC : Bacterial meningitis explainer Meningitis can spread via the exchange of saliva and other respiratory secretions through kissing , coughing , sharing drinks and living in close quarters , such as in dormitories , according to the health department . The bacteria can reside for months in the back of the throat before causing symptoms , Schaffner said . But the disease is not wholly understood . Cases of meningococcal disease in general -- including Group B -- have dropped in recent years to the lowest levels since the 1930s . "  Nobody knows why , " he said . And cases sometimes occur more frequently in Oregon . "  We 've never understood that , either . " The New Jersey outbreak is also puzzling . "  Why this is occurring is not clear , but the trick everybody is working on is how to stop it , how to prevent further cases , " he said . If the board approves , as many as 8,000 undergraduate and graduate students at the school could be offered the vaccine . Meningitis vaccines urged before NYC Pride events CNN 's Alexandra Field , Chris Welch and Miriam Falco contributed to this report	Seven cases of meningitis have been reported on the New Jersey campus University officials to discuss offering vaccine Feds OK use of vaccine not approved in the United States
Wired  -- Google 's Street View images bear some similarities to 18th-century landscape paintings . The content is different , of course . What Google 's army of photo collectors captured at Westminster Abbey on any given day in the 21st century will look different than what Italian painter Canaletto saw back in the 1700s . But they 're both a representation of an exact moment in time , which makes them a handy way to compare now and then if you can isolate the right locations . Redditor Shystone has laid old paintings over Google Street View photographs to create a series of perspective-bending composite images of old and new London . Modern sculptures dominate a plaza that was once wide open ; neon signs reside on the same block as gas-lit streetlights ; and a bridge covers over a river that was once filled with sailboats . We 've seen projects similar to this before , but it works particularly well in a city like London , where history is built into infrastructure and architecture . Buildings that existed in the 18th century are still standing today , which gives the images a ghostly feeling . It really is incredible how well paintings from artists like Canaletto and Balthazar Nebot reflect current-day London . It certainly helps that Shystone made sure to line up the edges of buildings and streets for maximum effect . Read more : The quality of 13 famous TV shows , charted over time The most incredible part of these images is in the details . Look closely at Canaletto 's 1749 painting of Westminster Abbey , and you 'll see what looks like a painted tree in the upper lefthand side . This is not product of Canaletto 's paintbrush , but rather a perfectly-aligned placement of the photograph Google shot more than 250 years later . It looks like it could be the same exact tree , though we know it 's not . Still , it 's fun to imagine that people have been stopping for shade under those very leaves for centuries . This idea then , is the coolest part of mash-ups like Shystone 's : It makes you realize that despite all of the ways cities have changed over the years , maybe some things are n't really that different after all . Sure , the little girl standing in the middle of William Logsdail 's 1888 painting of St. Martins in the Field maybe never existed , and if she did she has since been replaced with a bike lane and stop lights , but the general purpose of the space has remained essentially the same . Read more : How to create the perfect online dating profile , in 25 infographics Then again , Shystone points to Balthazar Nebot 's 1737 painting of Convent Green Market as an example of how a city does , in fact , evolve . "  When this square was originally built in the 1660s it was the first open piazza of its type in London . Pretty famous as a red light district by the time this was painted , " he writes . "  Today this view east towards St. Paul 's Church is taken up by the Market Hall that got built in 1830 . There 's a nice pub in the basement corner full of little cozy nooks . Gets pretty crowded . Not seen any hookers there yet . " Read more from WIRED : A startlingly simple theory about the missing Malaysia Airlines jet How to use your Google Maps â $ " offline Unsettling images of patients in hiding after plastic surgery  NSFW Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Old paintings of London overlaid on Google Street View pictures Series of perspective-bending composite images show old and new city Take a look at the gallery to see what old London streets used to look like
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . CareerBuilder.com  -- Work ca n't get much worse than when it stinks -- literally . For Stephen Viscusi , work stinks everyday . "  I work near an executive  woman  that does work out at lunchtime , " Viscusi says . "  She returns smelling like body odor and Chanel No. 5 . It does n't cut it . " Rather than let his co-worker continue smelling up the office , Viscusi , author of "  On the Job : How to Make It in the Real World of Work , " took the high road and told his colleague she had a small problem . He says the sheer embarrassment motivated her to not only shower , but not to take it personally or hold a grudge . "  Never be afraid to confront annoying co-workers head on , " Viscusi says . "  Remember they are peers , not the boss . " There 's  at least  one annoying co-worker in every office . Whether it 's the chatty-Cathy , smelly-Steven , tag-along-Tammy , or just "  that guy , " difficult co-workers  unfortunately  are the standard in the workplace -- not the exception . Most difficult co-workers are oblivious to their nightmare behavior . Avoiding them is out of the question . If you do make a comment , they stare at you like you 're from the moon . Your feelings have been building up for months -- maybe even years -- and it 's time to do something about it . You can either pull your hair out over their obnoxious behaviors -- or , you can deal with them accordingly . Define the Problem  aka "  Co-worker " In "  The Worst Case Scenario Survival Handbook : Work "  Chronicle Books  , Joshua Piven and David Borgenicht describe four possible types of co-workers . The Talker ... just wo n't shut up ; engages in long-winded , one-sided conversations on relatively trivial subjects ; and always has something to say about something  or someone  . The Kiss-Up ... craves approval mostly from the boss , but will also seek approval from you . The TMI  Too Much Information  ... has no boundaries and no shame . He/she will share every piece of unpleasant and personal information with you , without sparing a detail . The Gossip ... much like the TMI , will share any and every story -- as long as it 's not theirs . Carly Drum , a workplace etiquette expert with New York-based executive search firm Drum Associates , offers these tips if a co-worker is annoying you : Tip No. 1 : Take a break . When you are spending more than 40 hours per week indoors with the same people , something is bound to bother you , Drum says . "  Everyone is going to have some sort of mannerism that bothers you , whether they crack their gum too loud or just hold their pen wrong . " Drum says . Step outside for a breath of fresh air or run out to get a cup of coffee , she suggests . "  It 's human nature to get bothered by the little things , so just accept it and take a break ! " Tip No. 2 : Be mentally tough . Do n't let another colleague 's bad habits hurt your concentration and productivity at work . Drum suggests ignoring him or her as best you can and limiting your daily interactions with them . "  If career advancement is important to you , then always try to act professionally in the workplace regardless of what an annoying co-worker might do , " Drum offers . Tip No. 3 : Discuss the problem with your co-worker .  ... In a non-judgmental , non-confrontational way of course ...  Drum agrees with Viscusi that you should n't be afraid to say something to your co-worker . Depending on what the behavior is that 's bothering you , it never hurts to approach your co-worker for a friendly little chat , Drum says . "  Co-workers sometimes do n't notice they are doing something really annoying because it 's just by habit , " Drum contends . "  By saying , ' I do n't know if you noticed but ...  insert issue here  ' -- a reasonable co-worker will usually be receptive to your feelings . " Tip No. 4 : Talk with your supervisor . If the friendly and polite one-on-one does n't work  or turn out to be so friendly  , another option is to bring up the issue with your supervisor . "  From a managerial perspective , a difficult employee who is insensitive to other co-workers can poison a workplace environment and severely impact inner-office morale , " Drum says . "  Effective supervisors know how imperative it is to nip problems like this in the bud as soon as they arise . " E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority Rachel Zupek is a writer and blogger for CareerBuilder.com . She researches and writes about job search strategy , career management , hiring trends and workplace issues .	The Talker just wo n't shut up ; engages in long , one-sided conversations The Kiss-Up craves approval mostly from the boss The TMI has no boundaries and no shame The Gossip will share any and every story -- as long as it 's not theirs
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Even though he ca n't set foot in the United States for fear of arrest , fugitive National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden has joined the speakers ' roster at this year 's South by Southwest Interactive Festival . Snowden , who fled the United States in June with thousands of top-secret documents , will appear via teleconference Monday from Russia for a discussion about how the tech community must defend itself against mass surveillance . Snowden will chat with Christopher Soghoian , principal technologist with the American Civil Liberties Union 's Speech , Privacy and Technology Project . "  The conversation will be focused on the impact of the NSA 's spying efforts on the technology community and the ways in which technology can help to protect us from mass surveillance , " an SXSW news release says . Audience members will be allowed to ask questions , and The Texas Tribune , a nonprofit media organization , intends to livestream the session . Josh Baer , a tech entrepreneur who has been attending the festival for more than 15 years , said he is excited to hear what Snowden has to say . "  The news and the government each have so many different perspectives , " Baer said . "  It 's always refreshing to get it straight from the source . " Hugh Forrest , director of SXSW Interactive , said it took more than three months to secure Snowden 's participation and called it an essential part of this year 's programming . "  The growth of social media has fueled so much of the growth of the online ecosystem , but the revelations from the summer of 2013 expose the costs and downsides of this growth , " he said . Forrest added that Snowden "  wants to talk to a tech-focused audience about the importance of building the next generation of online tools that protect user privacy . " Privacy and government surveillance is a subplot of SXSW Interactive 's programming this year , with other slated speakers to include journalist and civil liberties lawyer Glenn Greenwald as well as WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange . Assange and Greenwald helped Snowden disseminate stolen NSA documents , and both will also appear via teleconference . Greenwald moved to Rio de Janeiro , the hometown of his domestic partner , David Miranda , and Assange was granted diplomatic asylum at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London after Sweden sought to question him in connection with a sexual assault investigation . Snowden , a former CIA employee and NSA contractor who fled the United States after leaking details of the American government 's spy programs , was granted temporary asylum in Russia last year . He faces felony charges of espionage and theft of government property in the United States , and has said he wo n't return until the U.S. changes its whistleblower-protection laws . "  Surveillance and online privacy look to be one of the biggest topics of conversation at the 2014 SXSW Interactive Festival , " a festival statement says . "  As organizers , SXSW agrees that a healthy debate with regards to the limits of surveillance is vital to the future of the online ecosystem . " SXSW annually hosts film , music and interactive festivals , drawing tens of thousands of attendees to Austin . This year 's 10-day affair begins Friday . Edward Snowden : World 's most wanted man , says new book	NEW : Edward Snowden to discuss "  online tools that protect user privacy , " festival says Snowden will appear Monday via teleconference from Russia The U.S. has charged Snowden with espionage and theft of government property WikiLeaks ' Julian Assange , journalist Glenn Greenwald also slated to speak
CNN  -- Sharp-witted . Direct . In control . Loyal . Jenny Sanford , here with her husband , was a Wall Street executive before she married Mark Sanford . That 's how friends describe Jenny Sanford , the wife of Gov. Mark Sanford , who confessed to the nation in a rambling news conference that he was having an affair with a woman in Argentina . Jenny Sanford , unlike so many wives of cheating politicians , was not there facing the cameras , standing beside her husband . A reporter asked the governor if he and his wife of 20 years were separated . "  I 'm here , and she 's there , " he replied . As romantic e-mails between her husband and his mistress were published by a local newspaper Thursday , the state 's first lady , a former Wall Street executive , stayed far away from reporters . She was at the family 's home on Sullivan 's Island in South Carolina with her four sons and a few friends . "  Do n't you know that is what Jenny Sanford is about ? That is what is authentic about Jenny Sanford . She is not going to humiliate herself by standing next to a story , " said Cyndi Mosteller , a friend of the Sanfords since 1992 and the former first vice chairwoman of the South Carolina GOP . "  She will stand next to Mark emotionally , but she can not stand in the glare of others , " Mosteller continued . "  She is out there taking a dignified road , one that is defined by principle , even if her heart might have difficulty following that principle . But her overriding priority is to protect her children . " Jenny Sanford released a lengthy statement late Wednesday making clear she had learned of her husband 's infidelity before his recent secret trip to Buenos Aires . His whereabouts were a mystery for six days , leaving his family in the dark and creating a power vacuum and considerable confusion in the Capitol , with aides telling reporters he was hiking on the Appalachian Trail . "  When I found out about my husband 's infidelity I worked immediately to first seek reconciliation through forgiveness , and then to work diligently to repair our marriage , " she wrote . "  We reached a point where I felt it was important to look my sons in the eyes and maintain my dignity , self-respect , and my basic sense of right and wrong . I therefore asked my husband to leave two weeks ago . "  This trial separation was agreed to with the goal of ultimately strengthening our marriage . During this short separation it was agreed that Mark would not contact us . I kept this separation quiet out of respect of his public office and reputation , and in hopes of keeping our children from just this type of public exposure . " Mosteller 's brother-in-law was with Jenny Sanford on Thursday as the e-mails penned to "  Maria " became public . The messages from Mark Sanfordcompliment the woman on her "  tan lines " and "  gentle kisses . " The e-mails were published by The State newspaper in Columbia , South Carolina 's capital , which said the governor 's office confirmed they are authentic . When contacted by CNN , the governor 's office would neither confirm nor deny their authenticity . " -LSB- The e-mails -RSB- are almost like reading a novel that you would embarrassed to buy , " Mosteller said . "  To be one of his four children and know that is there for the world to see , it is incredible to all of us . " Jenny Sanford grew up in Winnetka , Illinois , and earned a degree in finance from Georgetown University . She met Mark Sanford when they worked for investment firms in New York , she at Lazard Freres and he at Goldman Sachs . The two married and moved to his native South Carolina , and she managed his campaign for Congress in 1994 . "  Mark started out with five other opponents , and he did n't really have a shot . That was the opinion of most people , " Mosteller said . "  But she and Mark worked together and turned that thing around so that candidate three , four and five ended up throwing their support behind him , and he won . " The two are equals intellectually , according to people who know them . She went on to manage his gubernatorial campaign in 2002 , turning her home into campaign headquarters . Jenny Sanford was more than a visible first lady of South Carolina ; she was involved in the finances of her husband 's office to an extent that drew heated criticism from his opponents . She also took a $ 70,000 deficit from the operations of the governor 's mansion and put its finances into the black . "  I pretty much am in his office in the mornings most days , and I do pretty much anything he wants me to do for him . I help to bridge the gap between things that have been commonplace themes in his life and make sure everybody in the office is on pace with his agenda , " Jenny Sanford told Charleston 's Post and Courier in June 2005 . The governor told the newspaper that his wife is "  particularly good with financial analysis -LSB- and -RSB- working with numbers . " She took up health as a key issue in her role as first lady , advocating nutrition , exercise and cancer prevention , serving on major boards and speaking at various functions to raise funds for disease research . "  This is a classy woman who lacks pretension , " Mosteller said . "  I took a road trip with her last year , and she just automatically got into the back seat . When we were making a lot of appearances , and the schedules were hectic , she called and said , ` I 've figured out that the key is changing your deodorant . ' "  Jenny is someone you can talk politics with , you can talk about grand issues with , and you can also discuss deodorant , " Mosteller said . "  She 's a remarkable , classy woman with a lot of integrity who is trying to keep it together . "	Friend : Jenny Sanford , former Wall Street executive , is avoiding media Gov. Mark Sanford 's wife ran his political campaigns , was major force in his career Governor 's e-mails called "  novel that you would be embarrassed to buy "
CNN  -- Three people have been arrested in connection to the case of a stolen Stradivarius in Milwaukee , but the violin remains missing . Authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward . "  We do not have the violin . As is known , there is a substantial reward out for that violin , and we urge the community to do what it can to develop information and to help us identify , and locate , and recover this priceless instrument , " Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn told reporters Wednesday . The reward is up to $ 100,000 , according to CNN affiliate WITI , which reports the instrument itself is worth an estimated $ 6 million . Flynn described the three suspects as a 36-year-old man , a 41-year-man , and a 32-year-old woman , all from Milwaukee . He did not identify them by name , and no one has been formally charged . The suspects were arrested Monday and remain in custody . "  We 're confident the subjects in custody are the subjects responsible for this , " said G.B. Jones , acting special agent in charge with the FBI in Milwaukee . At this point , Flynn said , authorities have no indication the three suspects were working for anyone but themselves . He described them as "  engaged in the process " and said that interviews are ongoing . "  Clearly , we want to indicate that it 's perhaps in their best interests to recognize that ... this is not something that can easily be disposed of at some future date . It 'll never be valuable for a thief . It 's only valuable for a collector . It 's only valuable to a collector if it can be played , and it ca n't be played if it 's known to be stolen , " the chief said . The Stradivarius was stolen last week from Frank Almond , concertmaster of the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra . Almond was walking to his car after a performance on January 27 when an assailant used a stun gun on him , causing him to drop the instrument . The attacker then took the violin and fled to a waiting vehicle , which was being driven by a second suspect , police said . That vehicle was described as a late 1980s or early 1990s , maroon or burgundy , Chrysler or Dodge minivan . Authorities are still looking for that van . According to the symphony , Almond plays on a violin made by Antonio Stradivari from 1715 , known as the "  ex-Lipinski . " Antonio Stradivari was born in 1644 . He set up shop in Cremona , Italy , where he made violins , harps , guitars , violas and cellos . Before his death in 1737 , Stradivari is thought to have made more than 1,100 instruments -- of which some 650 remain today . He is the world 's most celebrated violin maker . Stolen Stradivarius violin found after more than two years	The suspects were arrested Monday and remain in custody in Milwaukee The violin will "  never be valuable for a thief , " police chief says The violin , made by Antonio Stradivari , dates to 1715 and is worth millions
We ca n't settle iPhone vs. Android or "  Star Wars " vs. "  Star Trek " for you . But another long-running geek debate was put to rest Tuesday night . Those short , animated loops that have captivated the Web for decades ? They 're pronounced like a brand of peanut butter . Steve Wilhite created the Graphics Interchange Format , or GIF , while working for Compuserve in 1987 . On Tuesday , he received a Webby Award for it and delivered his five-word acceptance speech  that 's all the Webbys allow  by flashing a GIF on the big screens at the Cipriani Wall Street in New York . And , in a flash , it all became clear : "  It 's pronounced JIF , not GIF . " Of course , in the grand tradition of heated debate , a flat statement of fact by the creator was n't enough to sway some partisans . On Twitter , "  GIF " became a trending topic as some folks pushed back . "  Graphics Interchange Format . Graphics . Not Jraphics . #GIF #hardg , " wrote Web designer Dan Cederholm . "  So instead of GIF , we 've got to say JIF ? YEAH RIGHT , " chimed in October Jones , creator of the "  Texts From Dog " Tumblr and book . "  And I suppose those animals with long necks are called ` JIRAFFES . ' " And , of course , the peanut butter brand was getting lots of free publicity along the way . The always amusing HAL 9000 account  yes , somebody tweets as the robot from "  2001 "  posted an "  animated JIF " -- which is to say , a swirling , animated jar of the tasty , high-protein spread . So , it 's perhaps no surprise that the company got into the act itself . Wednesday afternoon , the company took to Twitter with a post reading , "  It 's pronounced Jif ® . " The tweet linked to , what else , a multi-colored GIF flashing the same phrase . Animated GIFs were a staple of the early Internet . Remember The Dancing Baby ? That 's a GIF . They fell out of favor as more advanced graphics technology emerged . But in the past couple of years , the Web has remembered how much fun it is to watch ridiculous things happen over and over again . Appropriately , Wilhite received his Lifetime Achievement Award from David Karp , the founder of Tumblr , one prominent place where GIFs found a new fanbase . In less publicized interviews , Wilhite had argued for the soft-G pronunciation for years . So , will a widely covered "  speech " in front of some of the Web 's most influential folks finally be the turning point ? Maybe not . Last month , no less an authority than the White House posted an image on its new Tumblr feed advocating for the hard-G . And the Oxford English Dictionary says both pronunciations are acceptable . So , here 's wishing Mr. Wilhite "  Jood Luck . "	GIF creator : It 's pronounced "  JIF " Steve Wilhite created the Graphics Interchange Format in 1987 at Compuserve He pronounced the issue closed at the Webby Awards And yet , some partisans remain unswayed
RollingStone.com  -- Fans wandering through the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival this weekend will encounter an ambitious array of audiovisual installations created by bands including Arcade Fire , Animal Collective and Interpol . It 's all part of Coachella 's new partnership with the Creators Project , a program set up by Intel and Vice to connect artists with cutting-edge technology . RollingStone.com : Choose the cover of Rolling Stone , round two : Vote by April 14 ! The resulting collaborations will be visible all around the Coachella grounds -- right up to the main stage itself , which London 's United Visual Artists are building into a three-dimensional lighting sculpture that will move and unfold over the course of the festival . During Animal Collective 's Saturday night set , this will be supplemented by a "  psychedelic jumbletron , " otherwise known as a live collage of footage from the performance  created with help from Animal Collective 's avant-garde pals Black Dice  . Elsewhere on the site , attendees can drop by "  Untitled  A physical manifestation of ` Ladies and Gentlemen we are Floating In Space '  " -- a cathedral-inspired structure filled with deconstructed portions of Spiritualized 's 1997 signature song produced in collaboration with director Jonathan Glazer -- or visit the dance-oriented Sahara Tent for a dazzling light show designed by Brazilian artist Muti Randolph . RollingStone.com : Random notes Details on two further surprises Creators Project has planned for the Coachella main stage remain strictly under wraps for now : Arcade Fire reunited with director Chris Milk , who helmed their interactive video "  The Wilderness Downtown " last year , for a mysterious collaboration called "  Summer into Dust , " and Interpol is planning a top-secret work titled "  Under Surveillance . " Adds Deborah Conrad , Intel 's vice president and chief marketing officer , "  There 's an X factor when you have art and technology coming together . This is new territory for all of us -- that 's what makes it incredibly fun . " See the original article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Arcade Fire , Animal Collective and Interpol will have an array of audiovisual installations It 's all part of Coachella 's new partnership with the Creators Project London 's United Visual Artists are building into a three-dimensional lighting sculpture
Most of us with 401  k  plans watched in horror , as our retirement savings plummeted in the stock market crash of 2008 . That year , the average 401  k  balance dropped by a third , forcing older Americans to delay retirement or cut back on spending . Since then , as the market rebounded , some of our savings have recovered in fits and starts . The crash showed one serious downside to 401  k  s : their complete exposure to the wild swings of the market . But what you may not realize is that even when the stock market is zooming ahead , hidden fees take an unacceptably high share of your investment return . If your immediate response is , "  Oh , I know how much my 401  k  is costing me , " then you 're one of small numbers of Americans who 's in the know . According to a recent AARP survey , 71 % of people with 401  k  s did n't even know they were paying fees for their retirement accounts . So how much do these fees really cost you ? The answer may shock you . Fees can , on average , reduce your 401  k  balance by up to 30 % , regardless of whether you have $ 1 or $ 1 million in your retirement account . You may wonder -- is 30 % a big deal ? Yes . Let 's look at a hypothetical model of say , an average two-earner household where the combined earnings is between $ 50,000 and $ 70,000 a year over the course of 40 years  from ages 25 to 65  . This couple , unlike most Americans , consistently saves between 5 % to 9 % of their salaries each year and puts that money into a 401  k  account , gradually increasing their yearly contribution over time . And atypically , they never have to withdraw from this account . They invest their 401  k  account equally in a stock mutual fund and a bond mutual fund , each of which charges average market fees . For such a household , 401  k  fees will cost $ 155,000 over a lifetime , which leaves the couple with about $ 350,000 in 401  k  income at retirement . This may sound like a large amount , but if the couple spends this nest egg at the 4 % annual rate recommended by financial advisers , they will have a mere $ 14,000 yearly supplement to their Social Security benefits -- not exactly a king 's ransom . However , $ 350,000 is by far more than what most Americans save . According to the Federal Reserve 's Survey of Consumer Finances , the average household approaching retirement has only $ 100,000 in total retirement savings among all of their accounts . What are these fees , then , that are taking such a big bite out of your retirement account ? There are four kinds : administrative fees , marketing fees  sometimes called 12-b1 fees  , investment management fees and trading costs . The first three types of fees are shown , as an aggregate total , in each mutual fund 's expense ratio , and are generally reported in your 401  k  's "  summary documents " as a percentage of assets . For example , if you had $ 50,000 invested in a mutual fund that has an expense ratio of 1 % , it means that you pay 1 % , or $ 500 , of the total balance you have invested in the fund in fees . This 1 % is charged each year regardless of the mutual fund 's performance . However , the expense ratio does not include the last type of fee -- trading costs . Despite this omission , rest assured that you are indeed paying this fee as well . Trading costs are pretty complex , but the best way to understand them is to know simply that they rise the more often a mutual fund buys and sells its assets , i.e. , the more it is being "  actively managed . " If you knew that 30 % of your retirement savings are chipped off , you would probably be outraged . It seems like a steep price to pay for investment management , does n't it ? But the investment industry disagrees , arguing that such costs are justified because mutual fund expenses are regulated by the competition of the free market , and what consumers are paying is simply the cost of doing business . The problem with this argument is that it 's not true . Index funds , for example , have often outperformed actively managed mutual funds while charging a small fraction of the fees . But investing more in index funds will not come close to fixing the broken , expensive 401  k  system . There 's no way around it : the mutual fund system we have ca n't be fixed , and must be replaced . Why ? Because everything about the 401  k  is too individualized : investment management , risk and fees . We need a new type of retirement account that is somewhere between a traditional pension and a 401  k  that combines some of the best features of each . To minimize the excessive risks of the stock market and keep down investment management costs , we can invest the funds from all the individual retirement accounts as a pool , mirroring the way that the assets of a traditional pension fund are invested . Pooling maximizes returns for all participants by allowing managers to invest in a more diversified portfolio and over a longer investment horizon . The government should administer these retirement accounts , making sure that everyone can participate and the pools are as large as possible . However , investment management can and should be bid out to private companies to foster competition . This is one proposal . It 's worth exploring . Far too many Americans are paying unnecessary high fees for precious savings meant for retirement . We ca n't let that continue .	Survey : 70 % of people with 401  k  s do n't know they paid fees for retirement accounts Robert Hiltonsmith : Fees can , on average , reduce your 401  k  balance by up to 30 % He says far too many Americans are paying unnecessary high fees , even when market is up Hiltonsmith : The mutual fund system we have ca n't be fixed and must be replaced
Gaza City  CNN  -- An Italian humanitarian activist and journalist who was kidnapped in Gaza has been found dead and one person is in custody , the Hamas Interior Ministry said Friday in a statement . Police investigating the case learned where 36-year-old Vittorio Arrigoni was being held and went to the location , where they found the body , the statement said . An autopsy revealed that he had been killed hours before police entered the location , it said . Medical sources said his body was taken to Shifa Hospital in Gaza . The grisly outcome came hours after a video was posted on YouTube showing a man identified by his colleagues as Arrigoni . A black blindfold covered his eyes ; his right cheek appeared red as though it had been hit ; his hands appeared to be bound behind his back . A hand belonging to someone outside of the view of the lens appeared to be grasping his hair on the back and pointing the captive 's head toward the camera . Arabic writing scrolled over the video threatened that Arrigoni would be killed if Hesham al-Saeedni , who has been held for nearly a year by Hamas , were not released within 30 hours of 11 a.m. Thursday . Al-Saeedni is the leader of a group that may have been inspired by al Qaeda , said Alfredo Tradardi , the Italy coordinator for the International Solidarity Movement , where Arrigoni was a volunteer . The writing calls Italy an "  infidel nation whose armies are still present in Muslim lands . " Tradardi , who had initially expressed optimism that his co-worker would be released unharmed , told CNN in a telephone interview that the outcome underscores the need for progress to be made toward Middle East peace . "  Now , we have to work more deeply to try to change the foreign policy of our government , of the European government , of the United States government in order that they could press Israel to solve the problem of the Palestinians . " Arrigoni had been active in the Palestinian cause for nearly a decade , and had been allied with the International Solidarity Movement for more than two years , "  monitoring human rights violations by Israel , supporting the Palestinian popular resistance against the Israeli occupation and disseminating information about the situation in Gaza to his home country of Italy , " the non-governmental organization said in a written statement . He was granted honorary citizenship for his work for the Palestinian people , the statement said . "  Vittorio Arrigoni is a hero of Palestine , " said a statement released by Khalil Shaheen , head of the economics and social rights department at the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights . "  He was available everywhere to support all the poor people , the victims . " Arrigoni 's colleagues last saw him about 8 p.m. Wednesday near the port in Gaza City , said Joe Catron , a member of the International Solidarity Movement . "  I think he was just the first foreigner they ran across , " Catron said about the abductors . "  It is ironic they happened to come across someone who has dedicated a part of his life to helping Palestine . " Arrigoni , who was also working as a freelance journalist , was from the northern Italian region of Lombardy . Journalist Talal Abu-Rahmi , CNN 's Yasmin Amer , Tom Watkins and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this story	NEW : Autopsy indicates he had been dead for hours before police arrived YouTube video appears to show the activist bound and blindfolded The activist and freelance journalist was from the Lombardy region in northern Italy
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Travelers to China who display flu-like symptoms may be randomly quarantined over concerns of the swine flu virus , the U.S. State Department warned . A child traveling with his parents wears a face mask after they arrive at the Beijing , China , airport . There have been cases of children being separated from parents after either tested positive for the virus , also known as H1N1 , a travel alert said Friday . Chinese officials may give medications to minors in such cases without consulting their parents , according to the alert . "  Although the proportion of arriving Americans being quarantined remains low , the random nature of the selection process increases the uncertainty surrounding travel to China , " the alert said . Swine flu is a respiratory disease of pigs transmitted to humans and caused by type A influenza virus . Symptoms include fever , lethargy , lack of appetite and coughing . There have been about 48,000 confirmed cases worldwide , including 519 in China , according to the World Health Organization . The Chinese government has taken measures to stop the spread of the virus . They include placing passengers who have fever or flu-like symptoms on a seven-day quarantine , the alert said . Others facing quarantine include those sitting close to travelers with symptoms , those with elevated temperatures and those from areas where virus outbreaks have occurred . A 15-year-old from Topeka , Kansas , told CNN on Monday that she was quarantined in Beijing for a week . "  Apparently , I was sitting too close to a man who had a fever on the 14-hour plane ride , " Kaitlin Hannigan said , adding that she initially thought she had a fever , but her temperature was fine when officials checked it . A day after she arrived in Beijing with an educational group , government officials showed up at her hotel . "  They were wearing quarantine suits , goggles and masks and , like , full body suits and gloves , and said I had to be quarantined for seven days because I came in contact with that guy , " Hannigan said . Earlier in June , New Orleans , Louisiana , Mayor Ray Nagin was quarantined in Shanghai after possible exposure to the virus . Nagin was headed to Australia on an economic development trip when he was quarantined for four days after sitting beside a passenger who was being treated for suspected swine flu symptoms . Nagin showed no signs of illness . State officials warned Americans traveling to China that they have to follow local quarantines procedures . "  The U.S. Embassy will be unable to influence the duration of stay in quarantine for affected travelers , " the statement said . The travel alert expires in September .	Travelers to China with flu-like symptoms could face 7-day quarantine Chinese government officials try to control spread of H1N1 virus New Orleans , Louisiana , Mayor Ray Nagin recently quarantined on China trip
A lie about earning a Ph.D. cost a Syria expert her job as an analyst days after her op-ed in the Wall Street Journal was cited by Secretary of State John Kerry and Sen. John McCain in congressional hearings about possible U.S. military action in the war-torn country . Elizabeth O'Bagy , who was an analyst at the Institute for the Study of War , said she had earned a doctorate from Georgetown University when she had not , the organization announced Wednesday . "  The Institute for the Study of War has learned and confirmed that , contrary to her representations , Ms. Elizabeth O'Bagy does not in fact have a Ph.D. degree from Georgetown University . ISW has accordingly terminated Ms. O'Bagy 's employment , effective immediately , " the institute posted in an online statement Wednesday . The president of the institute , Dr. Kim Kagan , said she was surprised to learn of O'Bagy 's lie just before the former senior research analyst admitted it on Tuesday . The decision to terminate O'Bagy 's employment at the institute was made later that day , Kagan said . O'Bagy was hired a year ago as a research analyst , after she had been working as an intern at the institute for a few months . O'Bagy proved to be an exceptional researcher and analyst , and Kagan said she was "  pleased and proud to move her forward . " Last week , both Kerry and McCain cited O'Bagy 's op-ed piece , which was published in the Wall Street Journal on August 30 , titled "  On the Front Lines of Syria 's Civil War . " Part of the debate over authorizing American military action is how many of the rebel groups are extremist and how many are moderate . According to O'Bagy 's op-ed , extremists and moderates exercise control over distinct areas of the country , and checkpoints are often set up to define territory . Also , there are distinct areas where moderate rebels are in control and can keep weapons out of the hands of extremists , O'Bagy told CNN in an interview last week . Kerry and McCain agreed with O'Bagy that Syria is a secular state ; McCain even called her op-ed "  important . " Initially , the Wall Street Journal only recognized O'Bagy as a "  senior analyst " at the institute , but a clarification was later added , stating her affiliation with the Syrian Emergency Task Force , a non-profit organization based in Washington that advocates a free and democratic Syria . O'Bagy responded on Twitter last week to scrutiny over her association with the Syrian rebel advocacy group , writing she never tried to conceal her ties with opposition and rebel commanders and is not being paid to advocate her views on Syria . Rather these connections allow her to travel more safely in Syria , she wrote . "  I 'm not trying to trick America here , " O'Bagy tweeted on September 7 . Before accepting her position as political director of SETF , O'Bagy had to ask Kagan for approval . Kagan granted her permission because O'Bagy said she would be distributing humanitarian aid to Syrian people . SETF posted a news release online in May , welcoming "  Dr. Elizabeth O'Bagy " to its Washington staff . The news release has since been removed . It 's unclear whether O'Bagy still holds her position at the SETF in light of the revelations about her non-existent doctorate degree . The organization declined to comment Wednesday . According to Kagan , the institute never had reason to doubt O'Bagy 's qualifications , and she could not comprehend any motivation the former employee would have for lying about her education . O'Bagy was not immediately reached for comment Wednesday . O'Bagy received a Master of Arts degree in Arab Studies from Georgetown University in May and was allegedly working on her dissertation for a Ph.D , which she told Kagan she had completed later that month , Kagan said . "  I hired  O'Bagy  without  a doctorate degree  and would have kept her if she had n't pursued it . So this is particularly sad , " Kagan said . Despite the lie , Kagan said she is "  confident " in the work O'Bagy produced for the institute , because she and other research officials for the institute validate any research and argumentation that is published . Also , O'Bagy never had the administrative power to enter data into the institute 's resource database , she said . "  I do trust her work , " Kagan said . O'Bagy has appeared on several television networks , including BBC , CNN , Fox and PBS . Last week , she was a guest on CNN Newsroom and Fox News , speaking about Syria . Because of the revelation about her false doctorate , O'Bagy will not appear again as an analyst on CNN networks .	Elizabeth O'Bagy was fired from the Institute for the Study of War for lying about a Ph.D. . John Kerry , John McCain cited her WSJ op-ed "  On the Front Lines of Syria 's Civil War " O'Bagy also was political director of the nonprofit Syrian Emergency Task Force The institute 's director says she is "  confident " in O'Bagy 's work despite Ph.D. lie
CNN  -- A California music teacher 's insanely elaborate "  Star Wars " themed Christmas lights show is dazzling the Internet with its lightsabers and some 100,000 lights choreographed to songs from the movies . Tom BetGeorge , whose display was featured on a recent episode of ABC 's "  The Great Christmas Light Fight , " even made massive instruments that play real notes , according to his YouTube description . He said he uses the display to raise money for the poor and homeless through his church . There 's something about Christmas that brings out people 's whimsical sides . Besides BetGeorge , we 've come across some men and women whose traditions were so delightful we could n't help but wish we were spending the holiday season at their homes . Vote for your favorite at the bottom , and hear why they go to such lengths to celebrate : To bring joy to the neighbors Kevin Lynch , a retired firefighter in Queens and last year 's winner of "  The Great Christmas Light Fight , " covers his house and lawn with more than 300 giant plastic figures , 100 animated characters and 300,000 lights to entertain the masses . He even hired an electrician to install 30 outlets outside his house and on the roof , specifically to support his obsession . He thoughtfully buries the power cords underground so no one admiring the display will get hurt . Lynch says the greatest part of his elaborate display is the people who come to see it . "  The joy and the happiness it brings to little kids and adults is fantastic , " Lynch said . After 18 years of decorating , the retired New York City firefighter has no plans to stop . "  It 's a tradition . If I do n't put the lights up , I will have thousands of people ringing the bell thinking someone died . " Do n't bother asking him how much his electric bill runs . He 'll only tell you if you agree to pay it . To enjoy nostalgia at its best The cuteness ! How can you not smile when you look at the '50s and '60s elves , pixies and reindeer in Amalia Martinez 's San Francisco apartment . She and her fiance have spent the past six years collecting dozens of vintage Christmas decorations to dress up their abode , which they call "  Popville , " a reference to Andy Warhol 's factory . The aluminum tree is illuminated by a bright rotating color wheel , and the big-eyed Blythe dolls get to have their very own tree . To channel his inner child Nick Sweetman , a chef in Plymouth , United Kingdom , played with Legos as a child and forgot about them until he started helping his son build sets people had given him . He has since become a bit of a celebrity on the AFOL  Adult Fan of Legos  scene , recently winning a national award for building a Star Wars world in Lego . His Christmas displays have gotten bigger and bigger each year . This year , he told us he 's working on a fully lit English fishing village . Here , we get a peek inside the International Training Centre of Santa Skills  training begins tomorrow  . To entertain his grandchildren , and the kid at heart in all of us For the past several years , Maury Fisher has decorated the center of the Christmas Eve dining table with an elaborate model train display that moves , with specialized sound effects . Fisher is a 64-year-old computer technician and grandfather of four in Highland Park , Illinois . This year 's display features 11 tracks on which 17 rail lines run at the same time , including two separate Hanukkah lines . In all , there are more than 130 train cars on display . "  It is my holiday endeavor to bring a smile to everyone appealing to the kids at heart in all of us , " Fisher said , "  notwithstanding the severity of the news from all over the world . " To indulge her love of kitsch Jennifer Perkins , a crafting and lifestyle blogger in Austin , Texas , loves neon , glitter and all things sparkly . For Christmas , she 's got 15 silver aluminum tinsel trees , along with pink , teal , gold and red varieties . She also has a tree decorated entirely with a collection of vintage Fisher-Price toys . "  I always say people should not take home decorating too seriously . Stay away from trends and follow your gut , " she said . "  Same holds true when decorating for the holidays . If you want a 7.5-foot tall hot pink tree with a topper that looks like a headdress for a Vegas showgirl then go for it . Santa does not discriminate based on tree color . " To preserve a bit of Christmas history In Scott Luedtke 's Wisconsin house , you 'll find at least one tree  or two or seven  in every room . There 's the American tree with Shiny-Brite ornaments from the World War II era , a Jewel Brite tree with plastic diorama ornaments from the 1960s , a family tree with photos of ancestors , and the piÃ ¨ ce de rÃ © sistance , a balsam or a Fraser fir holding thousands of vintage and antique ornaments from Europe . Luedtke , an antique dealer and interior decorator , started collecting as a child when his babysitter 's grandparents moved to an apartment and were throwing out all their Christmas decorations . He and his partner typically hold several open houses for friends and family who love to share the spirit of the season . "  For me it is n't about showing off the collection . It is about the opening of the memories that many people recall of Christmases of their past , some long forgotten , " said Luedtke , an active member of the Golden Glow of Christmas Past , an international organization of vintage Christmas collectors . "  It brings a smile to my face every time someone says , ` Oh I have n't seen one of those in years , ' or ` We had that as a child growing up . ' " To buck tradition Sherri Aguilar , 61 , ca n't quite explain why , but for the last 27 years she has hung her live Christmas tree upside down from the ceiling . The San Diego native attaches the tree with eye bolts and uses a staple gun to get the gift bags and presents to stay . "  The best tree to use for the upside down tree is a 4-foot noble pine or noble fir , because the branches stick out very straight , " she said . "  Do the lights on it first before the ornaments , or you will just end up crying . " To carry on her grandfather 's legacy Megan Venable 's grandfather played Santa Claus in the annual Knoxville , Tennessee , Christmas parade until his death in 1972 , and after he died , someone gave her grandmother a Santa figurine . Over the years , more and more Santas arrived , and after her grandmother 's death in 2003 , the family decided Venable should be the one to keep the tradition going . Each season , Venable lovingly replaces the books on all her shelves with more than 200 Santa Claus figures . Among her collection are old-fashioned clothespins painted like Santa , a Santa piggy bank and some very hard to find Santa Mardi Gras beads . "  I saw a man on a float with Santa Claus Mardi Gras beads -- the float had stalled in front of me and I got his attention and he gave them to me , " Venable said . "  I cried I was so excited . " To make her students laugh School bus driver Maureen Moore entertains her young passengers in Cornwall , New York , with her ever-changing hat collection . "  Some of the hats light up , some of them move and play music , and some are just plain cute , " said Moore , whose collection numbers about 30 . She wears a different Christmas hat every morning and every afternoon starting after Thanksgiving and posts short videos on YouTube each day explaining her choices . . .	These people go all out for Christmas They love sharing the magic of the holiday with their friends and family Which tradition is your favorite ? Vote below .
Plane spotters sometimes talk about grabbing a "  Wayne 's World " moment . If you 've seen the 1992 movie , you may remember when Mike Myers as Wayne and Dana Carvey as Garth are parked near an airport runway . They 're reclining on the hood of a funky AMC Pacer , discussing "  Babe-raham Lincoln , " when suddenly a huge airliner swoops by just a few feet overhead . That 's when they begin screaming above the airplane 's deafening roar . Phil Derner admits it . "  I 've done that . There are so many times when I just want to ... lay down near the approach lights and watch the planes go overhead and just take it in . " He 's talking about plane spotting . Beginning around the mid-20th century , countless plane spotters have been trotting the globe to view and photograph the world 's most impressive aircraft . Schwing ! "  Some people like cars , " said Derner . "  But we like something that 's bigger and faster , and it freaking flies . " Derner , who created the plane spotting site NYCAviation.com in 2003 , said the hobby is growing more popular as more people are lured in by the magic of flying machines . Think about it , said Derner , "  Something that weighs up to a million pounds is taking to the air , and you know the next time it comes down is going to be on the other side of the world . I think that 's fascinating . " "  It 's a passion that keeps me sane , " said Chicago-based spotter Kevin Koske . Read this plane spotting how-to . Intrigued ? We 've listed some tips and suggested vantage points below . But first , let 's talk about what 's arguably the most famous plane spotting destination on the planet : Maho Beach on the tiny Caribbean island of St. Maarten . You may have seen Maho in unbelievable interweb photos showing giant airliners flying just a few dozen feet above the beach . These photos went viral years ago , and no , they are n't Photoshopped . They 're real . "  If you like airplanes , Maho is like the cherry on top " of a beautiful beach vacation , said Justin Schlechter , a 747 pilot who 's visited Maho several times . For Koske , Maho is the "  mecca of airplane spotting . " The beach sits at one end of a short runway at Princess Juliana International Airport . The short runway forces approaching planes to come in low , about 30 to 50 feet over the beach . Larger planes need to touchdown as close as possible to the end of the runway because they need as much runway as they can get . As a result , plane spotters get one of the world 's closest public views of giant airliners as they take off and land . "  It 's a lot closer than you can get at a typical airport , in the States especially , " said Schlechter . Read more about Schlechter 's trips to Maho . There 's a bar on the beach , the Sunset Bar & Grill , where customers cheer with each flyover . "  They go crazy , " said Dianne Carbon , an employee there . "  People literally try to see if they can touch the planes , " she said . "  In our office , when they 're taking off or coming in , it 's almost like it was an earthquake . " But paradise for plane spotters also has its dangers . When airliners prepare for take off and rev their engines , daredevils will stand against the airport fence and hold on . The jet blast is powerful enough to throw people off the fence and onto the ground . Spotters say their hobby is more than a celebration of aviation . It 's about fully recognizing the majesty of machines that give us the super power to defy gravity . And , perhaps surprisingly , it 's also about camaraderie . Yes , that is correct . Plane spotting at popular vantage points comes with a social bonus . "  When you have a group of 20 people with a lot of different personalities and people from all walks of life , it 's a very diverse group , and we have a great time , " said Derner . Some plane spotters will even hook up on occasion , Derner said , because obviously there 's nothing more romantic than a roaring Airbus A380 blotting out the moon and lighting up the night sky . Derner said he met his girlfirend , his "  Babe-raham Lincoln " if you will , a year and a half ago when she responded to his tweets about plane spotting . Oh yeah , and she 's a pilot . Koske , who 's a Chicago radio host when he 's not chasing aircraft , made a long anticipated journey to Los Angeles last September to visit Imperial Hill , the primo vantage point for spotters at LAX . "  To finally go out there and spend four days spotting , sun up to sun down , was just great . " What 's on his bucket list ? Amsterdam , a spotter-friendly airport with aircraft rarely seen in the United States . Excellent , as Wayne might say . You told us : Top 5 spots for plane geeks TipsAs promised , here are a few plane spotting tips shared by Derner , Koske and aviation enthusiast Rob Mark at Jetwhine.com : 1 . In general , stay off airport grounds . Airport security for obvious reasons can be very sensitive about curious strangers wandering the property with expensive photo gear . Worst case : you could be arrested and your equipment could be confiscated . Best case : you could be politely asked to leave . Some airports such as Amsterdam and Frankfurt offer public observation areas . 2 . "  Always carry ID and wear a smile , " said Derner . Police patrolling areas around the airport may question you . Most of the time , they 're OK with plane spotting activities . But sometimes they 're not . Rule of thumb : be nice . 3 . Some of the best spots are located in parking lots of private businesses . If asked by an employee , you must leave . Where planes go to die Spots This is n't a ranking list or obviously a comprehensive list , but here are a few good plane spotting sites : 1 . Eagle County Airport , Colorado : The Costco parking lot at 170 Cooley Mesa Road , Gypsum , Colorado 2 . O'Hare International Airport , Chicago : southeast of the airport at the USG Building parking lot near Mannheim Road and Lawrence Avenue 3 . LaGuardia Airport , New York : Landing Lights Park , south of the airport off 25th Avenue between 78th and 79th streets ; Planeview Park south of the airport on 23rd Avenue next to Vaughn College 4 . John F. Kennedy International Airport , New York : southeast of the airport in the parking lot near Bay Boulevard and Rockaway Turnpike 5 . Los Angeles International Airport : Imperial Hill , south of the airport near Imperial Avenue and Sheldon Street ; In-n-Out Burger , northeast of the airport near West 92nd Street and South Sepulveda Boulevard 6 . Manchester Airport , England : south of the airport off Altrincham Road , according to plane-mad . com 7 . Frankfurt , Germany , airport observation deck : Terminal 2 , Concourse E next to McDonald 's 8 . Amsterdam Schiphol airport Panorama Terrace : between Arrival Halls 1 and 2 and via Arrival Hall 3 9 . Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport : Gravelly Point Park , Arlington , Virginia , north of the airport off George Washington Memorial Parkway The place where dead airplanes come back to life Daytrippers One more thing : if you find yourself booking airline day trips to spot planes in nearby cities , well , clearly you 're hooked . Derner admits to hopping flights from New York to Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport 's unique gawking spot built on a landfill . It 's called Gravelly Point Park . Watch a cool YouTube video . What 's so special ? Planes zoom as low as 100 feet above your head as they aim for the runway about 400 feet from the park . Aside from its amazing proximity to the aircraft , Gravelly Point rocks because it 's within walking distance of the airport terminal . "  You do n't have to rent a car , " said Derner . "  Just walk over , watch planes and then just fly home . " One final tip for newby plane spotters , and it 's a direct quote from that scene in "  Wayne 's World : " Like Wayne says as the airliner passes overhead , "  Keep looking up ! " These people really love to fly Do you have any favorite plane spotting locations ? Have an incredible memory of one ? Let us know in the comments below .	Countless plane spotters travel the globe photographing aircraft Maho Beach on St. Maarten may be the most famous spotting destination Other popular spots include JFK , LGA , LAX , Manchester UK Tips from expert : Carry ID , wear a smile , stay off airport grounds
CNN  -- Sporting a black t-shirt proudly proclaiming "  Live 2 Break , " a group of grinning boys form a slightly jagged circle inside a dusty yard on the outskirts of Kigali , Rwanda 's capital . Inside the circle a bandana-wearing dance instructor spins from his back onto his chest flaring his legs high in the air in a V-shape . The boys respond to his virtuoso dance moves with claps and cheers before taking to the floor themselves , twisting and turning as they try to perfect their breakdance moves . They are part of an uplifting dance project at Les Enfants De Dieu , a residential care center working to transform the lives of former street children in Rwanda . The center accommodates 126 boys aged six to 18 who , apart from their tough upbringing , share a deep passion for an art form that also originated in the streets : Hip-hop . "  Once their basic needs are fulfilled , they need to nourish their spirit , their self-esteem and their pride in themselves , " says Nicola Triscott , co-founder of Catalyst Rwanda , a UK-based group that organizes art programs for vulnerable youth . "  I think hip-hop really helps to do that , because it 's such a young person 's art form -- it came off the streets and it 's about one-on-one teaching . There 's this great spirit of sharing in hip hop , " she adds . Read more : Film pioneer helps Rwanda build new identitys Last year , Catalyst Rwanda responded to the kids ' wish to learn how to "  break " -- hip-hop 's original dance form -- by taking legendary British breaker Pervez to the tiny African country . The project was an instant success : For 10 days , the center 's courtyards were turned into makeshift dance floors as Pervez taught the children how to develop their breaking skills and allowed them to express themselves . "  I remember the first day when the people came here to teach them how to dance hip-hop , I was really , myself , in heaven , " says Rafiki Callixte , 43 , project manager at the center . He says the children were living a tough , hopeless life in the streets . They had no time to laugh or relax as they always had to take care of themselves . Their story has been immortalized in "  Yes , Man ! " a short documentary film screening Thursday at the Africa Utopia festival in London . "  Now , to see them smiling , without stress ,  being  enthusiastic , open , very active and then seeing also some children around appreciating the ones who were dancing , you could understand how dancing is helping them to come out of themselves , to express their inner harmony , their inner happiness and forget the hard life they have experienced . " Old friends meet again It all began after Triscott received a Facebook message from Callixte in 2010 , asking her if she still remembered him . The two had met in the early 1990s in Rwanda when Nicola was traveling across Africa . They became friends and stayed in touch via mail but in 1994 , as Rwanda was being torn apart by genocide , their communication broke down . Triscott knew that Callixte was in danger and assumed that he had died , as he had n't replied to the last letter she sent him in 1994 . Callixte was alive and had only lost her address . He had been a teacher before the war , and in the years after the genocide , he embarked on a mission to help his country 's vulnerable street children , including those orphaned by the genocide and by HIV/AIDS . He joined Les Enfants De Dieu in 2004 . Read more : Rwanda 's ` peace ' baskets heal wounds Soon after receiving Callixte 's Facebook message , Nicola jumped on a plane to visit her old friend . It was while in Kigali that she discovered his inspiring work at the center 's children . "  I thought they were an extraordinary group of young men , " remembers Triscott , 47 , who noticed "  how much they loved hip hop , " so she asked them if there was anything she could do to help . "  We 'd really like proper hip-hop dance lessons , " the boys told Triscott , prompting her to return to Rwanda with Pervez last November . Genocide aftermath In Rwanda , where 800,000 people died in just 100 days during the 1994 genocide , nearly 43 % of the population are children up to 14 years old . An estimated one million orphans and "  other vulnerable children " live in the country , according to UNICEF . Les Enfants De Dieu says that communities are not often able to deal with the direct and indirect effects of the genocide , leading to thousands of children taking to the streets . Many of them suffer from neglect and abuse , while others resort to drug use . The center , which was founded in 2002 , provides the boys with food , a place to sleep and healthcare . It also offers sports training , as well as education at school and vocational training at various centers -- all part of efforts to help the children remove the trauma of street life through rehabilitation . Ultimately , the center 's goal is to reintegrate the children into the society once they are entirely rehabilitated . "  Children of the street are children like the others , " says former street kid Willy in "  Yes , Man ! " "  When they get love , they are children like the others . So , when they get someone who helps them , who takes care of them , they will become a real man , " adds Willy , 18 , who spent four and a half years on the street before going to live at Les Enfants De Dieu . Catalyst Rwanda is planning to bring more professional hip-hop dancers to Rwanda this year to show the children more moves and boost their confidence . Callixte says dancing has given hope back to the children , prompting some to even start composing their own songs . "  They love hip hop so much . Now , many of them are dancing to songs they have made themselves . " He says this is only the beginning . "  When you see them dancing , when you see them smiling , when you see them expressing themselves , when you see them appreciating each other ... you can never think about stopping that project . "	Les Enfants De Dieu is a care center that gives food and shelter to street kids in Kigali , Rwanda The center 's 126 boys , aged 6 to 18 , love to dance and are passionate about hip-hop UK hip-hop dancers traveled to Kigali last year to teach the children how to "  break " The project was captured in "  Yes , Man , " a film to be shown at London 's Africa Utopia festival
CNN  -- Each Father 's Day , I thank my father for giving me life -- twice -- the first time in the traditional sense and the second when he donated his kidney to me . When I speak about getting him a Father 's Day gift , he says the best gift I can give him is to live a good , healthy life . Five years ago , we were in the OR , side by side as one of his kidneys was transferred into my body , saving my life . I had been diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes the summer I turned 17 , and now , 20 years later , my kidneys were so damaged from the ups and downs of sugar in my blood that my medical team told me I needed either to get on dialysis or to receive a new organ from a deceased donor or a living relative . To my father , the choice was simple -- he said , "  Let 's do it next week . " I marveled at his ability to make a quick decision that would alter both of our bodies forever . During the pre-operation testing period , we spent a lot of time together . We kept our spirits high and our minds off the possibility of a failure or a postponement  if one of us got sick , for instance , or if my kidneys got worse and I needed dialysis  by making plans for the future -- all the things we wanted to do individually and apart . Before he knew of my condition , my father , 63 , had made plans to climb to Mount Everest 's base camp with close friends , and it was scheduled for about two months after surgery . I was worried about the short recovery time , but he kept his sights on this adventure of a lifetime in addition to my regaining my health . As a debt of gratitude to my dad  who finished his Mount Everest trek in good health  , I created my new company , Lyfebulb , an organization that aims to connect and help people with chronic disease and inspire them to lead better lives . The ultimate goal is curing people of diabetes , kidney disease and other chronic illnesses , but while scientists in academia and industry fight that battle , I wanted to create a place both online and offline , for people to enjoy the small pleasures in life , share their stories , learn about new treatments and medications , and find resources . Many people are not as fortunate as I was . As noted in the 2013 U.S. Renal Data System , about 34 % of patients with diabetes survive five years after initiation of hemodialysis and 10 % were alive after 10 years . Waiting for an organ on the regular transplant list may take years . Those years are tough ones , and when the organ finally arrives , it may be too late . I believe that many more people would do what my father did for me if they knew more about the transplant process and outcomes . Improving access to organs is crucial now that the rate of diabetes is exploding and the average age of people living is increasing . We will be faced with many individuals needing an organ who may not have someone to ask who is educated about the risks , healthy enough to be approved and willing to step up to the plate . Since the transplant , my father and I have celebrated holidays , gone skiing , enjoyed wine , argued and laughed -- essentially behaved like a normal father and daughter -- with the exception that we share his original pair of kidneys . Every day I remind myself what a precious gift my father has given me . I am alive today thanks to my father , and I hope to make him proud . One day a year is n't enough to celebrate and thank my father for all he has done for me . To show my appreciation , the best gift I will give my dad this Father 's Day is to take care of my health and to live each day to its fullest . It 's the gift I 've been giving him each year since we were in the OR side by side . And I plan on giving that gift to him for many Father 's Days to come . Opinion : Son , this is how to be a man When is ` Daddy ' more than DNA ? Opinion : 5 lessons my 9-year-old son taught me about men	Karin Hehenberger : Celebrating Father 's Day is n't enough to thank her dad for saving her life With Type 1 diabetes , she needed kidney transplant ; her dad said , "  Let 's do it next week " The transplant success inspired her to start a site helping those with chronic ailments connect She says many do n't have option she did ; she thanks her dad by living a good , healthy life
After months of twists and turns in a dramatic trial rife with sex , lies and digital images , an Arizona jury Wednesday found Jodi Arias guilty of first-degree murder in the slaying of ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander . Jurors will return to court Thursday for the aggravation phase of the trial -- an important step in the next key decision they face : determining whether Arias lives or dies . "  Now the odds , I think , shift somewhat in her favor , because it 's a very different thing to sentence someone to die than to convict them , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffery Toobin said . In a television interview minutes after the verdict was announced , Arias said she 'd prefer a death sentence . "  I said years ago that I 'd rather get death than life , and that still is true today , " she told Phoenix television station KSAZ . "  I believe death is the ultimate freedom , so I 'd rather just have my freedom as soon as I can get it . " The comments prompted authorities to place Arias on suicide watch in an Arizona jail , according to the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office . "  Until she is released from suicide protocol by Sheriff 's officials no further media interviews of inmate Arias will be permitted , " the office said in a statement . Arias was stoic in court Wednesday . Her eyes briefly welled up with tears as a clerk announced that the jury found her guilty of first-degree murder for killing Alexander in June 2008 . What 's next for Arias Friend : "  We have waited five years through the circus " Alexander 's sisters cried and consoled each other after the verdict was read in the packed courtroom . Crowds outside the courthouse erupted in cheers as news of the jury 's decision spread . Several of Alexander 's friends told HLN they were relieved . "  It just feels so good ... to finally have the truth and be vindicated , " said Dave Hall , choking back tears . But that relief is n't enough , Elisha Schabel said . "  It 's not going bring Travis back . He was such a light to this world , " she said . "  And it 's important that we forgive Jodi , so she does n't have that power to destroy our lives . " Another friend , Clancy Talbot , said she was grateful for the verdict . "  Looking at Jodi 's face , I think this is probably the first time in her life she has ever been held responsible for what she 's done , ever , and I think she 's in shock , " she said . "  We have waited five years through the circus that Jodi has created . " Trial moves into next phase But the trial is n't over yet , and Arias -- who testified for 18 days during the trial -- could speak to jurors again in court . In the next step of the case , known as the aggravation phase , prosecutors will have a chance to present additional evidence and jurors will decide whether Alexander 's death was caused in a cruel manner . If they decide that was the case , the trial would move to the penalty phase , where jurors would decide whether Arias should receive a death sentence . If the jury decides on a death sentence , the judge is bound by that decision . But if the jury decides against the death penalty , the judge would have two options : sentencing Arias to life in prison without the possibility of parole , or sentencing her to life in prison with the possibility of parole after at least 25 years . There are currently 127 people on death row in Arizona . If Arias is given a sentence of death , she would be the fourth woman on death row in the state . As jurors prepare for the sentencing phase of the criminal trial , family members of Alexander are preparing to file a civil wrongful death lawsuit , attorney Jay Beckstead told reporters outside the courthouse . Alexander 's siblings wo n't speak publicly about the case until Arias is sentenced , Beckstead said , adding that the family is grateful to prosecutors and detectives for their work . Massive crowd surrounds courthouse Since Friday , jurors had been deliberating evidence surrounding a key question : Did Arias kill ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander in self-defense ? Or did she commit murder ? Alexander was stabbed repeatedly , shot and nearly decapitated five years ago . Arias says she killed him in self-defense after he attacked her , but the grisly slaying caused even some anti-domestic violence advocates to doubt her case . Twists and turns of the trial The jury , which has been in court since January 2 , heard closing arguments on Friday . Jurors deliberated for 15 hours and five minutes . As they took a lunch break after revealing they had reached a verdict Wednesday , some jurors were seen smiling and breathing sighs of relief . One juror returning from lunch wiped her eyes . A massive crowd swarmed around the Maricopa County Courthouse Wednesday afternoon . Some onlookers said they had been following the trial for months . The case has drawn worldwide attention and followers lined up daily for courtroom seats . "  We are here every day to support Travis ' family 100 % , " said Kathy Brown , who got a cane she uses autographed by prosecutor Juan Martinez and cried outside the courthouse after the verdict was announced Wednesday . "  I am so thankful , " she said . "  I knew the Lord would do the right thing . " Catch up quickly on the Arias trial Case marked by dramatic arguments In the trial , both sides dramatically presented their arguments with details about Arias ' love affair with Alexander . "  She rewarded that love from Travis Alexander by sticking a knife in his chest , " Martinez said in his opening statement . "  And you know he was a good man , according to her . And with regard to being a good man , well , she slit his throat as a reward for being a good man . And in terms of these blessings , well , she knocked the blessings out of him by putting a bullet in his head . " Photos : Alexander and his girlfriend But defense attorney Jennifer Willmott countered : "  Jodi Arias killed Travis Alexander . There is no question about it . The million-dollar question is what would have forced her to do it ? " Willmott said Arias was the victim of a controlling , psychologically abusive relationship , and Alexander considered Arias "  his dirty little secret . " Martinez accused Arias of playing the victim . He alleged she staged the crime scene to make it look like self-defense . He also accused her of actively seeking to profit from her media attention . That 's something Alexander 's family hopes to stop with its civil lawsuit , Beckstead said Wednesday . "  The law in Arizona states that people should not be benefiting from their wrongdoing in a criminal case , and my law firm is going to do the best it can to make sure that she does not benefit from her wrongdoing or her notoriety , " he said . Arias : "  I would much rather die sooner than later " In her interview with KSAZ Wednesday , Arias said she was surprised by the jury 's verdict . "  It was unexpected , for me , yes , because there was no premeditation on my part , " she said . "  I can see how things look that way . " Arias told KSAZ that longevity runs in her family , and that the worst possible outcome in the case would be a life sentence without parole . "  I would much rather die sooner than later , " she said . Several members ' of the Arias family were at the jail where Arias was being held Wednesday night , waiting for a chance to meet with her . Mother Sandra Arias said she had heard about her daughter 's post-verdict TV interview , but had n't watched it . She appeared to be very emotional and concerned about her daughter . While serving time , Sandra Arias said , her daughter "  can do a lot of good for others . " Quiz : Test your legal knowledge	Arias tells a TV station she would rather get the death penalty than a life sentence Authorities place her on "  suicide protocol " after the TV interview After more than 15 hours of deliberations , jurors find Jodi Arias guilty Jurors will return to court Thursday for the next phase of the trial
CNN  -- Passenger Jasper Schuringa told CNN that with the aid of the cabin crew , he helped subdue and isolate Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who was charged Saturday with trying to destroy a plane . Schuringa of Amsterdam , Netherlands , said he was traveling to Florida to visit friends . The journey aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 had been mundane , he said . But as the plane neared its destination of Detroit , Michigan , he heard a pop that sounded like a firecracker going off , and someone started yelling : "  Fire ! Fire ! " Then , there was smoke . "  Around 30 seconds later the smoke started to fill up on the left side beneath this person , " he said . That 's when Schuringa said he knew something was wrong . "  I basically reacted directly . I did n't think . When you hear a pop on the plane you 're awake , trust me , " Schuringa said . When he noticed that Abdulmutallab was not moving , he grew suspicious . "  I was on the right side of the plane and the suspect was on the left side , there were quite some seats in between . " He jumped over the passenger next to him and lunged over Abdulmutallab 's seat , "  Because I was thinking he 's trying to blow up the plane , and I was trying to search his body for any explosives . " Schuringa said he saw that Abdulmutallab was holding a burning object between his legs . "  I pulled the object from him and tried to extinguish the fire with my hands and threw it away , " Schuringa said . "  Water ! Water , " he said he screamed . He heard fire extinguishers as he pulled Abdulmutallab out of his seat . "  Just to be sure I grabbed him with another attendant and we took him to first class and there we stripped him and contained him with handcuffs and we made sure he had no more weapons , no more bombs on him . " Schuringa said Abdulmutallab seemed dazed . "  He was staring into nothing . " Schuringa said the incident sparked panic aboard the flight . "  The whole plane was screaming . The suspect , he did n't say a word . " We were holding -LSB- him , -RSB- but we was n't struggling . " Schuringa said other passengers applauded as he walked back to his seat . "  My hands are pretty burned . I am fine , " he said . "  I am shaken up . I am happy to be here . " Schuringa said he was n't the only hero . "  A lot of people were trying to help later on , " he said . "  We had very brave flight attendants that also helped , so thank you for those people . They are also heroes . " CNN was not able to independently confirm Schuringa 's account .	NEW : "  I was trying to search his body for any explosives , " Dutch passenger says NEW : "  We had very brave flight attendants that also helped . They are also heroes , " he says Jasper Schuringa says he became suspicious when man did n't move amid panic Heroic account not independently confirmed
